[SPEAKER_04]
Hello, everybody.
Welcome.
Thank you for tuning in to the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation, Rumble Live.
This is going to be our college live show.
We want to start this up, maybe do it every week.
So I'll tell you a little bit about who I am.
I'm Tice Pat.
I go to Ohio University.
I'm a senior right now.
I'm studying business and marketing.
The point of the show is kind of just to reach these people like me, the Gen Z, the people in college, the younger people, even people in high school, especially we're two years into the COVID pandemic per se.
And people are a lot of new people are starting to see how crazy things have got.
So now that we're on our second, third year of masking, some people are starting to open up their mind, wonder,
what's going on.
They're taking the red pill.
So we want to have open dialogue here and just kind of discuss.
If you're in the live chat, we'd love to interact with people in the chat.
So we have on a few special guests today.
I want to thank the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation and everybody that works so hard behind the scenes.
It's really a very selfless thing that everybody does.
We're really out there looking for the truth and it's important.
It's important to have these discussions.
So, I go to Ohio University and I guess we can start just talking about what's going on here.
So, we're the only public university of our size in the state that's still requiring masks and mandates and so,
Livio, if you could pull up that letter that I sent.
So all right.
So this week, we had mass required in class.
Last week was our first week of school, no mass required.
And if this kind of goes into what I'm saying about a lot of people are realizing something else is going on here.
It's not just that we are
We're crazy, you know?
We got branded as anti-vaxxers or misinformation spreaders, whatever it is.
People are realizing now, if these masks really work, why are we wearing them two years later?
If these vaccines have really done what they were supposed to, why are they coming out with new booster mandates and even a brand new booster that we want to talk about later?
So this is a letter that was sent to one of my friends yesterday.
Basically someone reported that they weren't wearing a mask in a classroom.
And so our mask mandates are based off of the CDC's levels.
So they have the yellow level, the orange level, and the red level.
We were back up at red last week.
And the day that this letter was sent yesterday, September 1st, we went back down to medium.
So masks were no longer required.
And they're still sending these emails to people.
And it might be hard to read.
They even go as far as to say that, let me find it.
Well, they threaten you're being at risk of suspension or expulsion for not wearing a mask in class.
And somewhere in here, the student code of conduct, they mention that you could even be violating the law, which is absolutely not true.
So kind of why I bring this up is we have, there's a great article

[SPEAKER_01]
Let me pull that up and I can share my screen, actually.

[SPEAKER_04]
And it's really about how these mandates, they're not about our health anymore.
It's pretty clear that medical choice is very important.
There's no one size fits all for anybody or anything.
And so, pull this up.
And then I can share my screen.
So, Catherine put out this article.
And it's about our school.
It's about this letter.
And it's about how it's about making students comply.
And one thing, like I've seen on campus, oh, use a pretty liberal school.
You could call it grooming.
It's really indoctrination.
People have said it for years that colleges are indoctrination camps.
They really are.
They want to form us students to be compliant with whatever we go into.
They love to brag about, you can go work for this Fortune 500 company, that Fortune 500 company.
And what those companies are looking for in the modern day
is people that are going to shut up and follow directions.
They're not going to push back.
They're not going to ask questions.
They're going to do what they're told, and they're going to be good, obedient workers, which being a bad worker isn't good either.
But
People need that freedom to grow and this is what I see so many people so many of my friends even they get out of school.
They get a job they get a good job but.
It feels like a dead end job they're not satisfied with the job and I think a lot of it has to do with how they're grooming us to become.
very obedient, very compliant with whatever they say.
Just, you know, trust the authority.
It doesn't matter if there's data saying one thing, if this is against everything we've done before.
So this is just a great article.
I won't spend too much time on this one.
It's on the beyond the data sub or sub stack by Catherine Hewig.
So definitely check that out.
And so what I kind of want to do now,
is we can bring on Jackson.
So, Jackson, I love your YouTube channel, first of all, super based.
Thank you.
I can definitely tell you have an audience that's a lot younger than a lot of people that may be talking about what you're talking about.
And have you seen that
The younger generation is really taking the red pill, right?
So they're seeing what's going on in Ukraine, and they're seeing what's happened with the pandemic.
And they're starting to ask questions.
And I know you've dealt with censorship a lot, correct?
Yes, 100%.
So basically, do you think finally we're kind of really making steam?
Because obviously there's been people like us that figured out that things aren't right.
And now I see a lot of people on campus just from these stupid mask mandates that they're like, what's going on?
Like who's behind this?
What's the truth?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, it's pretty incredible.
I think that we are at a point in this political arena where everything has become so much about indoctrination, about propagandizing the public, about shoving down every single whim of the Biden administration or the public health authorities down our throats.
that we're beginning to see a bit of a cultural revolution like people are pushing back finally people you know I was on a I was on a debate panel yesterday with a bunch of liberals and we were debating about woke culture and cancel culture and I had people agreeing with
saying like, yes, woke culture is actually bad.
It's about, you know, it's people who are irrational and willfully ignorant to the damage that they're actually causing with the things that they're saying and trying to force upon the rest of the public.
And that's exactly what we saw throughout all of the pandemic and still today at institutions like Ohio University and many others.
It's the minority.
that are completely irrational, don't understand what they're saying, they're willfully ignorant or they're actually on purpose misleading the public, demanding that the majority adhere to their absolutely asinine principles.
Yeah, of course, when you have a minority that's ruling upon the majority, that's going to cause inherent problems and cracks within a given society.
And yesterday was so interesting because we saw Joe Biden come out and we saw, you know, Kareem Jean-Pierre come out and they were saying things in the White House press briefing and in that
very fascistic, red-backlit speech that Joe Biden gave last night, saying things that, well, if you hold an opinion that goes beyond or is not consistent with what the majority of America believes on a given issue, then you are an extremist.
They're trying to paint anyone who falls out of the line of the mainstream as an enemy of the state, an enemy of democracy.
And that's just not the case.
It's not the case at all.
But even if it was the case, Joe Biden has a 38% approval rating.
Dr. Fauci, I'd imagine he is probably lower than Joe Biden's approval rating.
I mean, he's going out and throwing the first pitch at like the Padres baseball game and he's getting booed as he walks out to go throw the pitch.
So it's really, really incredible.
But what's I think even more incredible.
It's just how successful this effort of propagandizing the public has been.
I live in LA.
I live near USC.
I go play basketball at USC at their college gym pretty much every other day.
And there's still kids.
Well, there's a bunch of kids that still wear masks on campus.
And I just drive fast or I'm walking fast.
And I'm like, what is going on here?
But then yesterday, I was playing basketball.
There was a kid wearing a mask playing basketball with me.
It's just insane.
So to a certain extent, I feel like they've achieved what they wanted.
They have not only indoctrinated the public, but they've gotten a certain level of subservience from the public when it comes to any issue now.
You know, there's there's a certain subset of us that will look at any issue that the mainstream pushes down our throats and we'll say, oh, that's probably a lie.
And then upon looking at further details, we can say, oh, look, Zelensky is actually a bad guy.
Ukraine is not the good country here or maybe a disinformation department that's within the Department of Homeland Security is not a good thing.
We can look at these issues now and see that like, oh, they're actually lying to us, just like they lied with COVID.
You know, but there's also
a group of our country now, which is going to bend the knee to any single thing that they try to tell us is good and tell us that we need to follow because they live lives of fear and COVID instilled that in them.
I think COVID was a changing moment because you had
you know, two years of something that we'd never seen the likes of before in our lifetimes or our parents or grandparents' lifetimes.
We didn't really know what this was.
And now you have a population that is living in constant fear.
And in America, it's pretty bad.
way worse in other portions of the world.
You look at Western Europe, you look at Australia, New Zealand, Canada.
It's probably worse there than it is here.
But we still have a lot of people who just felt hookline and sinker and can't manage to unwrap their minds from this fear-based governance system that we now live within.

[SPEAKER_04]
I see a lot of it too where it's like all these things have become overly politicized.
These are the people that a couple years ago, big farm is bad.
They would have agreed.
Like you have the right to choose your body, your choice.
Do what you want.
Don't take a vaccine.
Do take a vaccine.
Wear a mask.
Don't wear a mask.
It all changed because they're more, they are more obedient to
their party and doing what they're so scared.
I see, I literally see people on campus and people put on social media.
I don't want to not, I still wear my mask because I don't want people to think I'm a Trumper.
Like that's just insane.
Like nobody thinks that because you're not wearing a mask.
I think you're actually a normal person because we never used to wear masks before this.
Another example too is you hit on Ukraine a lot.
So they know, this side loves to say, oh, Russian propaganda, Russian propaganda.
Yeah, so Russia has propaganda.
But they're also willfully ignorant.
They ignore the fact that so do we.
We're the propaganda kings of the world, right here in the United States.
And Obama did, he allowed propaganda to be essentially legalized again.
And we've seen the fallout from that.
Has it been good?
And it is funny, I think it leads to more of this division that we're seeing, which is truly sad, because I think on most of all these issues, we would agree at the end of the day, we would agree that war is bad, but then because of somebody's political affiliations, war is good, send more money to Ukraine, send more weapons, keep fighting.
And of course, like our government's going to support that and back that up and push that with propaganda.
And it just, it really is sad to see people simply because of their politics, some of its virtue signaling, they will choose to be willfully ignorant to these issues that are really hurting our country.
We've seen, I mean, the economies tanking.
We have all sorts of problems.
And, uh,
younger generations in school, closing down the schools.
That was terrible.
We have studies upon studies that show it.
And just yesterday, or maybe two days ago, the White House is now saying they weren't the ones that shut down the school.
It was the past president that shut down the schools, despite you can go and check and see where the past president said,
schools must be open in the fall.
And so it's just, and these people are buying that hook line and sinker.
Not because they actually think that's what happened, but because they feel like they have to.
They feel they have to be virtuous.
They're scared of being branded that Trumper or whatever it is.
And so I think a lot of people too are realizing kind of why we wanted to start this show is there's a lot of people, a lot of this younger generation that's realizing something's wrong.
They might not be willing to come out publicly and voice their opinion because it is scary, especially on college campuses.
People are running into this problem where you get threatened, like you're never going to get a job.
You're, what are you going to do?
They won't hire you if you come out and say this.
And I think that's a good thing.
Colleges ideally would teach people how to pave their own path, not have these paths that you have to fit into or else you're not going to get a job, right?
And so,
Coming back to what I was saying about a lot of people are wondering what's up, digging into it.
So it's funny how it all comes back to a few main players always.
So let me pull up this thread.
I'll share my screen quick.
I'm sure you of course know about the bio labs in Ukraine.
And it came out that none other than
the president's son played a big role in that, which is great.
So, Livio, if you're able to like push out a chat too, I'd love for people to see this link.
This is a long thread.
It would be an hour and 23 minute read it says.
But I think it's just important for people to see how deep this stuff goes.
Thanks to Hunter Biden for getting his laptop.
We got some of these emails.
Oh, we got some of these emails that
really shed a lot of light into what's going on and why we see this administration so willing to help cover these things up, because obviously they're deeply involved with this.
So EcoHealth Alliance, which I'm sure most of our viewers already know, Peter Dazak's company, they were the gain of function kings.
And it's absolutely scary to me to see that EcoHealth Alliance was working closely with Hunter Biden.
Hunter Biden isn't a doctor.
He has no business having anything to do with health care or anything to do with opening labs in Ukraine.
It's absolutely, it's mind-blowing.
And I think so a lot of these people that are finally kind of taking this red pill, seeing what's going on, it's hard to like make these connections because it almost doesn't sound real.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, it sounds like a script from a bad movie.
You have the Vice President's son, the former Vice President's son, now President's son, but back then Vice President's son, who he himself has invested like $500,000 from his own investment firm into this company, MetaBiota, which is doing dangerous pathogen research on zoonotic diseases in Ukraine.
because they know that this stuff would not fly in the United States.
I mean, they're using these former Soviet bio weapons facilities, which actually still store bio weapons materials, and they're doing this dangerous testing there.
And look, at the end of the day, what this all comes back to,
is the ability or inability for average Americans to not necessarily stick their neck out and preach to the masses that this is going on, but to just question it.
Think outside the box.
This is what Americans have historically done since 1776.
This is what we're supposed to do.
We're supposed to question the official narratives.
We're supposed to challenge the mainstream.
We're supposed to be revolutionaries.
We're supposed to be allowed free speech.
But that's all changing.
You're now at a point in time
where if you are at an institution like Ohio University or any university for that matter, that's demanding masks or demanding vaccines or jabs, whatever, and you don't do that, then you're painted as some sort of like a heretic.
It's insane.
No, that's not the case at all.
We as Americans should be able to question authority.
We should be able to question what's really going on out there.
And I've got a lot of questions as to what was happening in those biolabs in Ukraine.
You know, the MOD in Russia is releasing documents that have not been contested.
The validity of them has not been contested by anyone in the western states or the western scientific community that are showing that they were doing actually
gene research and trying to target Slavic DNA.
It's like, what are you doing?
You know, this is very suspect stuff.
There's a lot of money to be made in all of this.
And it's very, very concerning.
Like you said, it kind of sounds too crazy to be true.
Then again, it also sounds too crazy to be true that the entire scientific community would get on board with demanding that everyone in the world takes these vaccines that are supposed to be safe for everyone.
Shellfish are not safe for the global population.
Peanuts are not safe for the entire global population.
But they're saying that the vaccine is safe for the entire global population.
It actually works for the entire global population.
And if you challenge that, then you are worthy of being censored off the internet.
I was at the Defeat the Mandates rally in Los Angeles.
It was great.
I don't even know.
It felt like tens and tens of thousands of people that were there.
So many people there.
And I was going around and I was live streaming at the event and I actually got a community guideline strike on YouTube for live streaming there because of what Jimmy Dorr said.
He was insinuating that ivermectin is something that could be used to help treat COVID.
And now, just the other day, we saw that I think it was the CDC put on their official website that ivermectin is something suitable to treat some like long-haul COVID symptoms, something to that effect.
So they're now coming out and admitting this stuff.
But when I was going around and I was speaking to the people that were showing up to this event, I mean, you had people of all
you know, creeds and classes.
You had people on the left, people on the right, people were independent.
It doesn't really matter.
And I was talking to them.
And most of the time, when I'd ask them questions while I was live streaming the event, they would be like, oh, you know, what's your YouTube channel?
I want to go check it out.
if they didn't know.
And I'd tell them, and I'd say, you know, be sure to follow me on Twitter too, because I keep all my stuff up to date on Twitter.
And I couldn't tell you how many people looked at me straight in the face and said, oh, I don't have a Twitter.
You know, I was banned from Twitter last year.
I was banned from Twitter for saying this about the Jebs.
I was banned from Twitter for calling into question, you know, set election, whereas you could call into question the 2016 election, but not other ones.
So this is just the world we live in now.
It's crazy, but it is probably
all the more indication in the world that we need to be speaking out now more than ever before because of just how ruthless these censors are.
And that has to start at these institutions of education.
If we lose that, then we really have nothing in this country.
I think we've lost that to a great extent already.
I got a lot of friends that go to Ivy League institutions on the East Coast, and it's just incredible what you hear from these professors.
I sit in on some of the classes.
I've been to a few of the lectures I could sit in, like large lectures I could sit in on.
And these people are just living in a completely delusional fantasy world.
It's like you have, you know, it's like you have Korean John LePierre, whatever, Biden's spokesperson teaching at Harvard or teaching at Brown University.
It's really crazy what we're witnessing.
And Gen Z, people like us, we're going to be the ones that have to fight back and change that.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yep, I agree.
I think I agree to where this system of control is starting.
It is.
It's at these universities.
You see it.
these administrators, they're not just an administrator for the university, they sit on this board and that board and it's such a system that people are in.
Even from my freshman year to my senior year now, I had a lot of professors in the business school that they had owned their own business, they went out
They did their own thing.
And those are my best professors.
What I'm seeing now is we have all these grad students.
Almost all of my professors are grad students.
It's people who have never left the school system.
They went to high school, went to college.
They're still in college and now they're teaching college.
And they might do that their whole career.
And so they don't get exposure to that outside world.
And they're taking advantage of that to set up this big system of control.
I'm sure you've seen the
collusion between, why can't I find the link, between the Biden administration and Facebook specifically.
I know they talked about some other stuff, but the emails that came out from the attorney general is specific to COVID.
And it's really crazy, some of the stuff they say, like, sure, you can get Julian Bart syndrome from the Johnson and Johnson vaccine that isn't even available.
They had to pull it.
But the benefits still outweigh the risk.
So I'm not sure what benefits they're seeing there with Julian Barr syndromes better than catching COVID, which you can still do with all the vaccines.
Like that's great.
Let me pull this up, because I'd love for people to see this if they haven't, because it's just, it's insane.
This is what the Soviet Union did.
This is pure censorship.
It's really sad that this is where our country has gotten to and that people are perfectly okay with it happening.
I don't care who it was, I voted for Trump, but if Trump was colluding with Big Tech to censor his opponents and anything that could hurt his pockets, that's a big problem.
That's a deal breaker.
Then it's sad that it's not a deal breaker for some people.
I got this pulled up now with me.
Yep, here we go.
So, some of these, there's some great parts in here.
Yes, they've loved the Facebook misinformation, or the CDC would love to get them help debunking these crazy outrageous claims.
I wonder what some of these claims are.
The spike protein is harmless in bold.
The known toxic spike protein is harmless.
So they love to say, the vaccine can't give you COVID or COVID symptoms because it's only the spike protein.
It's not the live virus that causes COVID-19.
Well, the problem is what we've known since the beginning, it's the spike protein that causes the symptoms.
It's the spike protein that's toxic.
And
Injecting that into yourself, I think the CDC still has it up where they say the vaccine will produce a spike protein factory inside your body that will continually provide immunity.
It provides continuous immunity so good that there's boosters every three months.
Down here, heart inflammation.
Myocarditis inflammation of the heart muscle and periocarditis and blah, blah, blah, and the outer lining of the heart.
the body's immune system causes inflammation, response to an infection, or some other trigger.
It's just, it's really crazy when we still have studies coming out showing that the risk of myocarditis is way higher for people that take the vaccine.
And it's truly sad that it's these young people that it's happening to, people who
They got the opportunity to go to college because of their athletic ability, maybe.
But they're forced to get that vaccine or they're going to lose those scholarships and they're not going to be able to stay in college and pursue their careers, whatever they want to do.
And now we've seen so many sudden deaths, so many unexplained deaths.
And I think most people can kind of get an idea that
There's something bad going on.
Our birth rates are dropping.
More people are dying after the vaccine than before the vaccine and at higher rates.
It's really sad that people can ignore that and people can be okay that that's happening, that our excess death continues to be above where it should be.
If the vaccine was supposed to return things to normal, it absolutely did not.
And so this is,
It's great that this has finally came out.
Hopefully some actual action gets taken because big tech reform has to happen.
You've dealt with the censorship.
I'm also banned off Twitter.
I have a secret account that I kind of don't advertise because I don't want it to get taken down.
And it's gotten completely
off the rails.
It's so bad.
Are you aware of any global source of truth or database for vaccine adverse events, including possibly vaccine related deaths?
So if this stuff isn't happening, why are they looking for these databases?

[SPEAKER_03]
It's absolutely mind blowing, right?
Yeah, yeah.
And you know, I'll add too that you don't see this in countries that pursued or kind of forced in pursuing non mRNA technology.
You know, you don't.
Cuba does not have these problems right now because they develop a vaccine that also doesn't require a booster every other week.
And it's non mRNA technology.
So
Right now, I mean, you're talking about the next booster that they're going to be giving out to the public.
They're not even going to finish any sort of human trials on this.
So it's completely insane.
And I think a lot of people have woken up to it.
A lot of people that were
maybe previously, like, yes, I'm going to get all the jabs.
Yes, I'm going to get it all done.
Then they get it and they say, oh, I have long-haul COVID symptoms now.
My co-worker's son has myocarditis now, or my own dad.
He has a tinnitus now.
He's got, still, he got it like, what, a year ago?
They're almost a year ago, he got his jab and he's got constant ringing in his ears.
So this is a real thing that people were unfortunately, and I hate that this is how it had to happen, or how it did happen, but this is how people are waking up to the broader schemes at play here.
You are right that these sudden adult death syndrome numbers are real.
You can't hide from this.
You see the numbers now coming out about the Moderna jab and men under the age of 40, that it's more likely that you are to get myocarditis from that than from getting COVID actually, which is a lie that was purported by many people, probably even your local doctor, even my cardiologist that I went to.
And why do I have a cardiologist?
I'm 22 years old, I'm healthy, I shouldn't have to do that.
But these are just lies that we're told to everyone.
And at the end of the day, what do I think this is?
We talk about why is this happening?
It's quite simple when you understand that virtually everything that's these Western leaders within Wall Street in London, within the World Economic Forum, Davos, people like Klaus Schwab, George Soros, what they truly believe is that the earth has a carrying capacity.
And it's, again, this is one of those things where it sounds crazy, sounds tinfoil-hattie, but at the end of the day, they believe that the Earth has a carrying capacity of a far smaller population than we actually have today.
You know, what do we have?
Like seven billion people and almost eight billion people in the Earth?
We're supposed to surpass eight billion this year.
Yes, yes.
So they think that the earth has a carrying capacity of one to two billion people.
Now, how do you achieve something like that?
You have to focus on efforts of depopulation.
You have to focus on
How do you prevent increasing birth rates?
And there's a lot of things that people are propagandizing the public with and many facets of society that can achieve a goal such as that is depopulation.
You look at what's happening in Europe right now, you're about to see one of the largest crises and system meltdowns that we've ever seen maybe in recorded history, in modern recorded history because of this green energy push.
Green energy, at least right now in 2022, is not sustainable, no pun intended, for our population.
It just doesn't work.
It cannot sustain the necessities of average everyday life of industry, of public work, so on and so forth.
It just doesn't work.
And now we're going to see this complete collapse, and there's going to be
thousands upon thousands of people who died this winter because literally they're not going to have any heat in the midst of a very, very harsh winter.
You're going to have industries that break down.
You're going to have industrialization that comes to a halt.
And this is all about the degrowth depopulation agenda.
So this is what I believe to be the larger play here.
It's called a Malthusian agenda.
It's, of course, named after Thomas Malthus, who believed that this thing that the Earth has a carrying capacity, and we can't continue to grow our population when there's only finite resources on the planet.
This is just a completely, first of all, a historic world view.
And it's a dangerous one given what they're trying to do.
So I'm very concerned about this.
Fortunately, though, I think that there are many, many countries that are pushing back against this.
I think, regardless what you think about their leaders and their cultures, whatever, Russia and China are the two major global powers right now that are focused on industrialization growth and fighting back against this depopulation narrative.
So it'll be interesting to see where the future takes us.
But as for the United States, I think that there's going to be a significant portion of the population that fights back against this as well.

[SPEAKER_04]
And I think we're finally starting to see it on that note of the depopulation, because I love to tell people that that's really what's going on because it is.
People are like, no, they wouldn't do that, blah, blah, blah.
And I'm like, have you read the Kissinger report?
When I read that a couple years back, it's like my jaw dropped.
They're not specifically saying, let's go out and genocide people.
But they didn't do a very good job of framing it as, well, this is just what could happen.
They have charts saying, this is where the population growth is at.
This is what we want it to be.
And it's a much lower number.
These things simply aren't good.
So like Robert Malone's a great example.
We touched on the World Economic Forum.
These people, they are crazy.
They believe in something that is probably, it has to be religious.
It's like a cult.
But we see, I don't want to say this, we see people agree with these things, the green energy.
Germany there's plenty of Germans that are still perfectly fine with the fact that they're they'd rather not use nuclear energy and That's exactly how this stuff's been designed to go.
They They get people obedient
and then they push their agendas through.
And if you don't accept that agenda, the Ministry of Truth will come after you.

[SPEAKER_02]
Or worse.
I want to jump in and ask a couple of questions, if you guys don't mind, because you're going into some topics that I fully agree with and have been reading and thinking about for over a decade.
My question is, specifically Tice right now, because you're in college right now,
When you have these conversations with your peers, do they look at you like deer and headlights?
Do they have an understanding of what you're talking about?
How is their response?
What's the reaction like when you bring these topics up?

[SPEAKER_04]
So I want to say now, even go back freshman year before the pandemic, talking to people about stuff like that.
People were a lot more receptive.
People were a lot more skeptical of the government, which I think is a good thing.
Everybody should be skeptical.
Everybody should be an open-minded free thinker.
Now, it's 100%.
You say something like Henry Kissinger wanted to push depopulation.
He wanted to stop the population growth.
And they're like, oh, you're crazy.
That wasn't happening.
And then you see it turn into, OK, they see the Kissinger report, and then they convince themselves, oh, you know what?
Yeah, if the population keeps growing, it's going to hurt the environment.
And like you said, it's historically not true.
The Georgia Guidestones said 500 million, right?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_04]
What we have saw since the population has exploded too, thanks to the industrialization of the world, which has been our bread and butter.
I don't see any reason to just throw it out.
What we see is now they're like actually depopulation is a good thing.
It went from it's not happening to now they convince themselves maybe it is a good thing, right?
And that goes back to that indoctrination and
that they'd rather be obedient to a party to the authority than really think like they loved it.
We love, they love to talk about, we love everybody, blah, blah, blah, the parties of what do they call it?
Loving and caring, they'll even say.
That's not what we see, but it's a blatant denial of reality a lot of times.
And I think it's important for people to understand like how all this stuff goes together.
Cause a lot of people are seeing
Yeah, the birth rates are down.
Yeah, infertility issues.
And I mean, huge red flag right away when you take a vaccine and it starts messing with your bodily functions.
My mother was in healthcare my whole life.
And I got basically every vaccine until COVID and I even got the flu vaccines.
No vaccine has done anything like this.
And it went from
The vaccines aren't causing reactions too.
The vaccines are causing reactions, but you'll recover too.
So they are causing bad reactions, but if you got COVID, it would be worse.
And it's truly mind blowing.
It is.

[SPEAKER_03]
That blows my mind.
Yeah, now it's changing again too, right?
Because they're coming out and you got Fauci going out on MSNBC.
And he's like, well, the menstrual problems, we probably need to look into that a little bit more.
Like a menstrual problem.
OK, so now we are admitting that there's menstrual problems and you really don't know what it is and you don't know how bad it is.
Or he does, but he's acting like he doesn't.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, I think with a lot of those people, and I see this too, the person that runs our COVID operations at the school
I know she's not reading studies.
And there's studies that they're probably biased towards her and she would agree with them.
But they are scared.
They're honestly scared of what they might read.
And so to keep that cognitive dissonance going and keep pushing what they're pushing, they have to avoid that at all costs.
They can't see something that's going to disagree with them.
And that's where a lot of the censorship comes from too.
It needs to be an echo chamber for people and they realize that.

[SPEAKER_02]
Jackson, how about you when you encounter people who don't know you have a YouTube channel, maybe after basketball or something?
What do you even try to have these kinds of conversations?
And what is the response like?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, that's a good question.
And I will say living in LA,
I'm always surprised as to how many people there are here who are not the typical LA liberal and are kind of questioning these official narratives, right?
More and more people each and every day.
shop down the street for groceries.
I talked about this on my show.
I'll go in there sometimes and just hear people talking because it's usually the same sorts of people that I see in there.
And last time I went in there and I heard people talking about like Klaus Schwab in the World Economic Forum.
I was like, what is going on in my own local grocery store just people casually talking about this.
And what I think that is, is the fact that it's the double-edged sword of social media, and the ability to get this information out to as many people as possible.
It's just completely fast-tracked.
ability to get this very, very quote unquote dangerous information into the minds of average Americans like never before.
And I think the censorship has kind of fast-tracked that as well.
You have people moving over to platforms like Rumble more and more.
And now it's not just political people.
I mean, because of the fact that YouTube is censoring themselves into oblivion,
Uh, you have some of the largest creators on the planet, you know, YouTubers like Steve will do it starting his own rumble channel, I believe Andrew Tate just started his own rumble channel.
So now you got this, this is a real problem for the intelligence community.
You have hundreds of thousands of people, millions of people that are going to be moving over to rumble.
And when they're not watching Steve will do it, when they're not watching Andrew Tate, they're going to be consuming content like us or like my channel that's going to be on the homepage of Rumble and what's that going to tell them?
It's going to expose all the secrets about what's really going on in the world and people are curious about this stuff.
When they begin to see people that look like them and speak like them and are just average college students, college-age students talking about this stuff, I think it's only going to make it grow more and more and more.
At USC,
where I usually spend my time with kids my age, most of the kids are really, really not concerned with what the Biden administration is telling them.
And maybe that's just kind of is indicative of the sort of population at USC.
It's more of a conservative group of kids.
I spend some time at UCLA, and it's very different than USC.
UCLA, everyone there has got a mask.
Everyone there is supportive of Ukraine.
I know I go to big kids at school sometimes and it is interesting.
UCLA is a hellhole of just like this liberal indoctrination compared to USC.
So it's in pockets and hopefully more people wake up soon.
But I don't think that the colleges are all that different from the broader American society.
The only thing I'll say is that college students
definitely did not buy any of this lockdown stuff they definitely were not buying the mask stuff as much as the general population you know because like they see their friends each and every day they go to frat parties together they go to sorority parties together you know all throughout covid
You know, I lived in Orange County for the most part and I didn't live in LA yet.
And I was coming up here like every Thursday, Friday, Saturday, going to like these massive parties.
And it was the ones where people's houses were, we got our houses shut down, we got like mansions, power cut and stuff like that.
And it was just incredible because, you know, we were, none of us were dying.
We're all fine.
We're healthy.
We're just having a good time.
And I think kids see through this and they really understood what was going on.

[SPEAKER_02]
So with the new push of these new bivalent vaccines coming out, how many people do you know are planning to actually get these new inoculations as they're now calling them going forward?

[SPEAKER_03]
I don't know anyone who's still getting boosters or anything like that.
I mean, you know, my, so my roommate goes to USC and he never got a vaccine to begin with.
Like most kids literally just fake their vaccine cards in LA.
I couldn't go to a coffee shop unless I had a vaccine.
I couldn't go to a local restaurant and bar unless I had a vaccine card.
So everyone just like,
I think pretty much just like fake their cards.
This is a very, like, I think most people did that.
So I don't think anyone's gonna be getting the vaccine now after they fake their cards.
No one really wanted to take them.

[SPEAKER_02]
So, yeah.
The vaccinated numbers are skewed.
We really don't know.
Yeah.
Especially in your demographic are actually vaccinated and or boosted if they were, the fake cards were all the rage early on.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, no, I think it's completely skewed.
And it's not just people who are like ultra political, who are refusing to get the vaccines.
Like I said, it's the kids who lived normal lives all throughout COVID, saw the rich people living normal lives, saw them getting on their private jets, not having to wear a mask, saw them going into their private, you know, terminals at LAX and not having to worry about getting their vaccine cards out or anything like that.
And they saw that and they saw themselves living normal lives and not being affected.
And they said, well, why would I get this?
This all seems like a lie.
It all seems skewed.
It all seems like propagandizing.
So why would I get this now?
It doesn't make any sense.

[SPEAKER_04]
And we see a lot of that too when Camilla Harris was saying, I will not be getting the Trump vaccine.
And well, she sure did.
Apparently the CEO of Pfizer, he got asked when he
got his booster and it turns out that he never took any of the shots.
And so it's really amazing.
So I want to talk about this bivalent booster.
Livio, can you see that I'm sharing the screen?
So this article was actually written in response to something Steve Kerr should ask.
We've all probably heard by now that they just authorized this under emergency use authorization after only mice trials.
They did not test it in humans because they want humans to be the test subjects.
To make it even better, it was only eight mice.
And this article goes on to explain how all eight of those mice still were infected with COVID.
And so it'll be right away, it'll go
it'll take a week until they're like, well, it was never meant to prevent infection.
It's just so you don't die.
And I've literally seen people say, you will see serious people on Twitter, someone died after being vaccinated from COVID.
And they say, well, it would have been worse if they were unvaccinated.
It's mind blowing.
Igor gave out a shout out to Steve if you guys don't know about Igor's, Igor Tudov's sub-stack.
He has another great sub-stack too.
He's very knowledgeable about genetics and the issues with these vaccines if you can call him that.
And so he has a nice little chart here that's kind of messy but realistically the antibody levels that they have
detected in their studies, in their mouse trials, they're super inconsistent.
I believe he explains down here, I think it's somebody could be 73 times more likely to have a bad reaction than somebody else just based on this data from the mice.
So realistically, when people are talking about they approve this with one trial or before human trials,
That one trial was an utter failure.
And it's sad because it goes to show the FDA is completely lost.
For being an agency that should be regulating drugs and making damn sure they're safe before they're giving them out to the population, they're basically doing the opposite.
They're absolutely allowing experimental drugs onto the market.
And I think it's good that a lot of people have started pushing back even more because
What we need to do is we need to reform the FDA.
But it might be a bigger problem is have a grassroots, almost a grassroots campaign to take the FDA back because there could be a very good reason to have a drug regulation agency.
It's not necessarily something I think we should get rid of, like some of the intelligence agencies that have too much money and secretive power.
So it really is up to us.
And so even the people that, like I said, they're worried about not being able to get a job.
They're worried about how it's going to affect their life long term, just to speak out against these things.
Well, people's lives are being affected long term because of these things.
People are losing their jobs for not getting a booster shot.
People are dying.
People are falling over dead.
And so it's up to even those people that they don't have to be public.
about they don't have to be anti-vax.
That's what they love to say.
I don't think that's a good term to describe people against this vaccine, but that's what they call them.
What people can really do is they cannot wear a mask.
They can make that choice, right?
And sure, maybe they'll be like, oh, this person isn't following the mask mandate.
They must be a Trumper.
Well, I mean,
Like, so I wasn't, I joined the college Republicans club on campus because I was in the student Senate and I was really the only person that wasn't a far leftist.
And I realized, well, if these people are going to keep calling me conservative and keep saying, you're a crazy right wing or anti-vaxxer, maybe I should embrace it a little bit.
And what I've realized is the people that are out there with an open mind that are questioning these things that are skeptical,
They're way nicer.
They're so much happier.
And so I think it'll be good.
Everybody can lead by example.
You can choose not to wear a mask.
You can choose not to get a vaccine.
I would happily lose a job to not take a vaccine shot, especially these mRNA.
And so it really comes down to we're the most independent and sovereign country in the world.
The last thing you want to do is do something because everybody else is allegedly doing it.
If Fauci said jumping off a bridge was the only cure for COVID, sadly, I think there's a couple of people that would jump off that bridge.
And so I'm glad we're making progress.
I think they finally, even the more normie people, they finally stepped on their feet.
They crossed the line.
Those people, they're ready to get on with it.
I linked an article earlier.
We can even show the video if we want.
But Fauci was on TV, I believe, just yesterday, maybe two days ago.
He's warning of a bad flu season.
Mr.
The Science, he knows that it's going to be a worse flu season than usual, I guess.
So he's encouraging to take the flu vaccine.
And then, of course, he's saying that COVID is going to have a bad winter.
It's going to be another dark winter, whatever.
and i think what scares me about that and this new booster even is i know there's going to be colleges that take advantage of this to bring in more mandates because it's not it really is about that obedience and they want to keep testing people they want to see who will just bend the knee and do it because they say so let's let's go ahead and watch it the southern hemisphere has had a pretty bad flu season

[SPEAKER_00]
And it came on early.
So we should be prepared that superimposed upon what I hope is the residual and not another spike of COVID that we pay attention to the need to get people vaccinated for influenza.
Because influenza, as we all have experienced over many years, can be a serious disease, particularly when you have a bad season.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, the flu didn't used to mean you're good.
I didn't hear an echo.
The flu didn't used to be a big deal at all, right?
Because COVID was the only thing, you know, screw the flu.
We don't, we never wore a mask for the flu.
We never, vaccine had never been required for the flu.
And so I do worry that they want to keep doing this.
I've kind of, this is what I try to tell people because a lot of people are like, oh, I'll just wear the mask.
It'll be over soon.
And the truth is no, that's what's going to extend it because it's not about anybody's health.
It's not about making the right decisions.
It really has become about forcing people to be obedient by into this narrative.
Even if they're not agreeing and going along with the narrative, we became complacent.
all of us, I could do a better job.
We've let them continue to do it.
And so fighting back doesn't necessarily mean like I'm suing OU.
It doesn't mean suing your school.
It could be as simple as not wearing the mask and you know like find your group, find your crew.
There's people out there that are willing to take this stand with people and honestly just have open dialogue and conversations.
Outer College Republican Club, I'd say probably like half the people are vaccinated, but
They've realized because they're open-minded people.
They're not gonna go out of their way to be like, oh, well, I got the vaccine, I got COVID, but I still think it works.
I still think it's good.
I think it's protecting me.
Those aren't the people saying that because it's really about having an open mind versus swallowing the narrative and thinking, I'm just gonna put my head down, get through this and it'll be over because it's just not the case.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, and there's so much money to be made in all of this.
It's the same people that were telling us that there's nothing nefarious about flooding the American public with opioids, for example, that are now selling us these same exact lies.
It's the same exact people who are profiting immensely from these hormone blocking drugs
uh that are telling us that it's completely sane and rational to give you know uh young americans hormone blockers before they have any before their brains fully developed because they know full well that they want to and are you know aware of what it means to transition their gender it's there's so much money to be made in all of this and that's why they're pushing it on the masses right now i mean think back to and now everyone can look back at this and say okay well that was crazy but think back to when
COVID, we're in the heat of COVID.
And if you were admitted to a hospital, that hospital is going to check you for COVID upon your admittance.
And if you happen to have COVID, well, if you're put on a ventilator on top of that, then the hospital is going to get more money.
I mean, you had people that were being marked for COVID deaths,
because maybe they got in a car crash or maybe they got a gunshot wound or maybe there was something else that happened to them.
Maybe they're old and they have to have COVID when they were admitted to the hospital and died while they had COVID, but they didn't die because they had COVID.
This is the insanity of it all.
They inflated everything.
They made it seem much more scary than it actually was.
And what they're doing is they're governing by fear to try and enrich themselves.
And that's exactly what we're still seeing today with the efforts to unroll these new, you know, jabs and continue the efforts of indoctrination.
You know, Bill Gates, people like Bill Gates were coming out and even saying things that sound pretty rational to me now saying stuff like, well, you know, COVID really isn't really all that different from the flu.
You know, there's clips of him saying this out in public.
And
They're still going to tell you that the next quote-unquote pandemic is the worst thing in all of history and you need to comply or else you are going to die.
It's not the truth and we need to be able to ask these questions and challenge the official narrative.
And I think people like us are going to be the ones who do that.
Yep, definitely.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thank you, Jackson.
We're almost out of time.
Can you tell people about the dive and what you do if they don't know you?
Because you're great.
More people need to watch you.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, I have a YouTube and rumble program that I broadcast on daily almost called The Dive with Jackson Henkel, just my name.
And I interview a lot of really interesting guests.
I talk about geopolitics on a daily basis, talk about this sort of news, anything that's really counter to the mainstream is usually covered on my channel.
And today I'll actually be having on Matt Palumbo, who's an
author, and he's actually the producer of Dan Bongino's show, and he's the author who wrote the book George Soros, The Man Behind the Curtain, and we're going to have a conversation about all of George Soros' meddling in sovereign governments across the world.
Of course, we're going to be touching on Ukraine because Soros had a very, very
outside influence on the political development in that country and to where it's now at today in this war.
So that's where you can find me.
You can find me.
I'm still on Twitter somehow, and I'm still on YouTube for a little bit.
You can find me on all those platforms, and I encourage you to do so if you like what you heard here today.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thank you, Jackson.
Livio, before we go, was there any questions in the chat?
I kind of had it pulled up, but
It's like super small over here.
So if there's anything that people wanted to know, I'd love to answer questions quick.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, I was taking a look and I haven't seen many specific ones, but we'll be better prepared to answer questions next time we come on.
But gentlemen, thank you so much, Jackson.
Thank you for your time.
Love your show.
Keep at it.
And I hope you'll come back and join us at BSRF Live soon.
I would love to.
I want to thank you so much for having me on.
Appreciate it.
And Ty, great job on the first one.
Thank you.
Really appreciate you and all the work you're doing with us.

[SPEAKER_04]
I want to thank Steve Kirsch and the whole group.
I don't think a lot of people might not realize our group, what we do behind the scenes.
We're already sharing articles with each other.
We're trying to figure it out too.
We're all in this fight.
And it's become really important to have people like Steve and the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation.
So if you guys are from here, or if you're watching and you are not subscribed already and don't know about the website, it's vacsafety.org, just vacsafety.org.
There's a weekly live show.
I believe Steve will be back next Thursday, right?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yes, he will.

[SPEAKER_04]
So Steve Kersh, who has great substack, he'll be hosting it.
We're hoping to do more of this.
If you liked it, definitely subscribe and check out the other stuff.
There's already plenty of hours of great content over on this rumble page and on the website.
So check that out.
Thank you, everybody.
Thank you, Jackson.
Thank you, Livio.
And I think that'll do it.

[SPEAKER_02]
Great.
Have a great afternoon, everyone, and a great weekend.
