[SPEAKER_02]
DSRF, Live Colleges.
So this week we're going to have civil rights attorney Ryan Heath from the GAVEL project on, and we're just going to have a discussion of navigation and ways that you can fight mandates, of course, at your institutions.
So we can bring on Ryan.

[SPEAKER_03]
Hey, good morning.
Thank you for having me, Tyce.
Glad to be here.

[SPEAKER_02]
Good morning, Ryan.
Thank you for coming.
So do you want to just tell us a little bit about what Babel project is and who you are, what you do?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, so the Gavel Project is a 501c3 public charity.
We started in October of 2021 in response to Gavin Newsom saying that he was going to make vaccinations a contingent precedent for children to get an education out in California.
I'm actually an attorney in Arizona.
I'm licensed in Arizona.
I'm not licensed out in California.
But when all of this was going down back in 2020, 2021, 22, I was watching from a distance and realizing that there were a number of children in particular areas, really blue areas that were suffering because of the needless mandates that were being imposed upon them.
And so as part of what I've done is actually I've gone out to California starting in January.
and was out there and I taught a bunch of kids how to disobey their school mask mandates and actually protest in the same way that Rosa Parks did back in the 1950s by removing their masks, sitting down in class and refusing to leave and basically citing laws that
that supported their rights to do so.
I'm a constitutional attorney.
I went to a region university school of law, and I was blessed as a 30 year law student to have an opportunity to actually learn directly from Justice Alito of the US Supreme Court.
So I was able to
benefit from that educational experience, and I'm confident in the capacity of the First Amendment in particular to rectify this situation.
Free speech is much more powerful than people realize, and the case law on these issues for students like yourself, even in colleges,
It's pretty strong.
There is a very strong argument to be made that you as a student can remove your mask in class, refuse to comply with any mandate, and point to the First Amendment as expressive conduct, as free speech, and say, this is where I'm going to couch my right, and I'm going to stand on these principles and push back against the state.
And it's going to take litigation to solve these issues.
But at the end of the day, there is an avenue, and there is a path.
And we're pursuing it.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, OK.
On that note, I know a lot of people who, especially like for us, one of our biggest things was finding case law in Ohio.
That's where I'm from.
And using that to see, okay, how, what are they doing?
Cause obviously it's a little more complicated than just being like, this is wrong.
I'm suing them.
You got to have case law.
You got to have violations, damages that they have, right?
So are there any,
Would there be federal case law that you know off the top of your head that might be helpful for people if they want to look into filing their own litigation?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
So let's talk about the actual lawsuit that we just filed in Coronado that's in San Diego, California.
So we actually are paying to represent a young girl, a 16-year-old girl that was a student at Coronado High School in the Coronado Unified School District.
And between January 31st,
And March 11, 2021, this year, or 2022, excuse me, of this year, she decided that she no longer wanted to wear a mask in violation of the state mask mandate, the mandate.
I'm going to couch that term in quotation marks because there really was really, there never was a mandate in place for school students in California.
It never went through the APA as far as the mask requirement goes.
and the California Department of Public Health has admitted multiple times that there were never impenalties for schools that did not follow the mandatory guidelines as they called them.
And so the best piece of evidence that we're actually focusing on for all of these cases is the, or at least the best argument is the First Amendment of the US Constitution.
And there's a case called Tinker v. Des Moines.
And this case was decided back in the 1960s.
And there were a number of students in Iowa that decided they no longer wanted or excuse me, they wanted to protest a school ordinance that banned them from wearing blank black armbands to protest the Vietnam War.
So they decided to wear those armbands in contravention of the school's order to refrain from doing so.
And they were actually disciplined by their school.
They were suspended.
They were subject to discipline for engaging in that act of disobeying and defiance.
And they filed a lawsuit based on the Civil Rights Act.
That's Title 42, Section 1983 of the US Code.
And the Supreme Court analyzed the issue and decided, basically, that so long as a student is engaged in an act of protest, and that protest is not, one, disruptive to the learning environment, or two, it doesn't violate the rights of other students.
It's actually considered a protected speech.
And the Supreme Court, in a number of cases, has granted a broad,
a broad umbrella over what is considered
free speech.
And the standard set by the court is pretty simple.
Basically, so long as you are engaged in an action as a citizen, and that action is intended to convey meaning, and based on the circumstances of your action, it's reasonably likely that an observer would understand the meaning that you're trying to convey by your actions, then it's actually considered free speech.
It's protected conduct.
It's called expressive conduct.
So, for example, the Supreme Court has said that you as an American citizen can go to a public park and burn an American flag in an act of defiance of a code to the contrary because doing so sends a clear message.
It sends a message of protest.
Obviously, you're disagreeing with the ideals of nationality, of patriotism.
You're saying there's something wrong with the ideals underlying the flag by engaging in the act of burning it.
And the same wouldn't be true, however, if you were to go to a park and burn a blank white flag.
There can be ordinances in place to prevent the burning of flags generally.
So long as those ordinances aren't more burdensome than essential for the individual citizens to be able to express themselves and engage in the free speech activities.
And that's why these mandates are unconstitutional and why it's important for even students like yourself to start protesting now, to refuse to comply, to actually make a stand to the point of calling the police, inviting them to call the police and pointing out to the police when they get there.
that they are subject to liability if they discriminate against you.
This is the same thing that happened in the 1960s with the civil rights movement in sit-ins.
And this is what we should be doing at universities across the country.
And I'd be happy to fly out to any college.
If someone wants to put up the funds, so I don't have to keep paying for this out of my pocket.
I haven't had a paycheck since last October and can't keep affording to do more and more stuff.
But if someone wants to help with that, I'd be happy to help those folks actually come out to the university, help them engage in sit-ins.
And just refuse to comply with these mandates.
You have a right as a student to be in class.
You have a right to oxygen as a human being.
It's a basic human right.
It's one of the things we need to survive is oxygen.
No one has a right to tell you you don't have access to that or to inhibit your capacity to that thing that you need to survive as a human being.
And so that's one of the things that I'd be happy to do, and I think that is the solution.
People don't seem to understand that your constitutional rights never went away.
They just haven't been enforced yet.
You haven't taken the steps necessary to rectify the violations of your rights by, one, staging protests, and two, calling out the government subsequently in litigation.
and challenging them to prove their point and challenging them to meet their burden of proof.
And that's actually one of the things that we're doing in these lawsuits is we're shifting the burden to the government for the first time to justify their own actions.
It's their burden to show that these mandates are no more burdensome than essential on our capacity to engage in basic free speech activities like refusing to wear a mask.

[SPEAKER_02]
Very well said.
So we are
We have been talking about we want to put together like a large rally, kind of like the VRF did with the defeat the mandates route, but more themed, like maybe college.
We have a couple in mind that are still going, mandating mass, mandating boosters, all sorts of stuff.
But on your note of not obeying these guidelines and these mandates, exactly right.
So like this is what worked at my school, right?
We finally got the mask mandate dropped this semester.
And a little part of that is definitely our lawsuit against the school and, you know, pressuring them to do exactly what you say, prove that what they're doing is lawful.
But not only that, this was the first semester, I'm encouraging people to, like I've shared with them, the emergency use authorization under the
I believe it's title 21 of the US code where you have the option to accept or use any emergency use authorized medical device which test mask and the vaccines are.
And so this semester though was really the first time that.
There had been enough people that disobeyed the mask mandate, and people had seen that, and it created an example.
And they saw, oh, you're not going to get kicked out of school if you don't do this, right?
Like the consequences, they were empty.
They were basically empty, as the school is making.
So finally, I would say probably about half of everybody in each class, even when we were required to wear masks, people got threatening letters saying, you might even be breaking the law by not wearing a mask, which is obviously false.
They had to drop it because there's no way they can sit at that point and they know they're not legally able to do what they say they can do.
So that has been very successful.
Did you kind of want to talk about what the litigation you might currently in

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, happy to chat about some of the lawsuits that we have that we're funding.
And this might be even inspiring.
I'm glad to hear that there were students that were disobeying and that were refusing to comply.
That's heartening to me.
For those that are on the fence about whether or not they should be standing up for their constitutional rights, let me tell you about some elementary school kids in Saddleback Valley.
These kids are nine, I believe, 11 and 12 years old, maybe 10.
I don't recall the exact ages.
We have a bunch of clients that were helping out there.
And we're funding this lawsuit as well, where we've retained Attorney Tracy Henderson, California attorney to represent the interests of these families, the parents and the children.
Anyway, these kids decided back in early this year that they no longer wanted to wear masks.
And because that was actually the result of
an assembly at the school.
These are elementary school kids where they had outside vendor come in and provide a presentation to the children and the vendor didn't wear a mask in violation of the school's indoor mask mandate.
It's just kind of ironic and hilarious.
We have photos of this actually where this person is standing in front of a room
Without a mask on giving a presentation to all of these children sitting there like quiet little, you know, limbs just following the rules with their masks on and it was ridiculous the kids went to their parents after school and said look we had this presentation today and no one said anything the principal was there she didn't care.
The administrators seemed to be around and they didn't seem to care.
And so they decided the next day they wanted to take their masks off and they refused to comply.
And for the next four weeks, these kids were stuck outside without shade, without shelter and enclosed in an area that was surrounded by metal bars.
It resembled a jail or a cage.
These kids were literally stuck in a cage like zoo animals and put on display.
They were told they could not leave the area except to use the restroom.
These kids are elementary school kids, and they sat out there for four weeks.
They said, you know what?
There are certain things that are more important than me being accepted by my peers.
The ostracization that I'm actually going to experience by standing up for my civil rights, like liberty, which by the way, if I don't stand up now as a young child and actually assert myself,
I'm very likely going to have to pick up a gun later on and defend my liberties later on in that manner.
So I prefer to do it this way.
Even children recognize this.
And so these kids sat outside for four weeks.
They sat outside in the 90 degree heat without any shade.
They were sunburned.
They sat outside on mornings where it was in the 40s.
They could see their breaths.
They had to bring blankets to school to stay warm, literally putting kids
in a position where they weren't allowed to leave to go to recess with their friends.
They had to watch their friends go to recess every day.

[SPEAKER_02]
They had to watch their friends go to lunch.

[SPEAKER_03]
They had to sit at tables and were told they could not get up.
And these kids took a stand for your liberty.
They took a stand for my liberty.
They took a stand for liberty generally and they asserted themselves and they understood after I actually spoke to them a bit more about this and got them fired up even more so that the constitution doesn't go away simply because there is an emergency.
The constitution is something that is pervasive.
It cannot be trampled upon, because when it is, the remedy is to bring a lawsuit subsequently and to rectify that situation.
And that's why it's important for individuals to understand their rights.
So they can take a stand.
They can say, you know what, I'm not going to comply with this.
I'm just going to take the, I'm going to bite the bullet now.
I'm going to get penalized.
I know that.
But later on, I'm going to rectify my rights in court.
Now we're suing these institutions for tens of millions of dollars.
And we intend to hold the individuals responsible under the Civil Rights Act.
One of the things you can do is you can actually file personal lawsuits.
That's why I was looking very specifically for children and for parents that were willing to engage in civil disobedience because
By doing so, and by being disciplined for refusing to mask, for engaging in acts of free speech, you actually get to file lawsuits now against the individuals that passed the laws.
Those are the school board trustees themselves.
You're able to file lawsuits as well against the administrators personally, their teachers, the principals, every single person that was involved.
And this is the same for college professors, for deans.
This would be the same for anyone involved.
And there may be a burden that you'd have to overcome when it comes to sovereign immunity.
And let's say the state of California, there is some case law that seems to suggest that the colleges around the state, the state colleges are considered arms of the state for sovereign immunity reasons.
And therefore, there's going to be a bit of a heightened burden.
But at the same time, it's not like we shouldn't try this.
This is your personal bodily autonomy that we're talking about.
And if we don't,
take a stand now when it seems that we have the capacity to do so peacefully, we're gonna have to pick up guns later on.
And in my whole, the whole spiel about the gavel project, the reason that our motto and our catchphrase, I guess, is better a gavel than a gun.
because I don't want to pick up a gun later.
I'm not a very good shot.
I'm a better lawyer.
And so I think that we should maybe try to litigate these things first and avoid the conflict.
Because when you give people no other options and you start threatening children, at some point the gloves will come off.
And I hope to avoid that as much as possible.

[SPEAKER_02]
Absolutely, I agree.
We've seen
Long before COVID ever came along, you give the government an inch.
They're going to take a mile every time, right?

[SPEAKER_03]
Right.

[SPEAKER_02]
So yeah, you mentioned too, like fighting your own civil lawsuits.
It's pro se direct.
That's the term where if somebody just represents themselves or it would pro se be like your lawyer is just doing it for you, like for free.

[SPEAKER_03]
No, you're right.
Pro se would be an individual representing themselves in these instances.

[SPEAKER_02]
So yeah, I have heard a lot of success with that across the country recently.
A lot of people going after ADA violations actually and things like that.
So do you know anything about, would you have any advice to give if people did wanna do their own pro se lawsuits, just try to start that process at least, like put their school on notice, right?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, so one of the things that I would say if you're interested in doing pro se litigation is to follow my social media accounts.
I actually provide quite a lot of educational materials when it comes to litigation, when it comes to the law.
We're actually putting on a seminar on Monday.
I believe it's 10 o'clock PST.
If I'm wrong, you can check my Instagram later.
I'll be putting up a flyer for it.
And we're at the gavel project.
But we're actually going to be teaching parents
and even students as well, how to file what's called a government tort claim against the school districts that discriminated against you personally during COVID-19.
So if you were, let's say, quarantined against your will and you were forced to miss, you know, multiple weeks of school, it turns out that the quarantine guidelines never went through the Administrative Procedures Act, they're actually illegal.
their void is a matter of law.
So there are a number of reasons to actually be looking out and looking at my social media accounts because we're going to be educating the public on their rights, how to file these claims, at least for the kids out in California and other states as well.
But yeah, I mean,
There are a number of resources that you can look into for pro se litigation.
If you want to put things forward that way, we actually are a 501 C three.
We cannot be hired.
I have a number of people reaching out to me every week trying to hire us.
It's not how the process works with the public charity.

[SPEAKER_02]
But there are a number of attorneys out there as well.

[SPEAKER_03]
I know that in your state, I have an attorney that's great.
His name is Warner Mendenhall.
I'm not sure if you're familiar with him.
He represents me right now.
Perfect.
Yeah, he's a great guy.
I talk to him quite often.
And I'd be happy to even consult with him on your case.
I'm sure I'll talk to him about it at some point and see if there's anything I can do to help out.
But really, you want to educate yourself.
I would say if you're
of the type of person right now, and I believe there are quite a few of these folks out there.
Maybe we can reach a few of them, and I'm hopeful that would consider joining the military right now.
But perhaps you're scared for obvious reasons.
This is why we would be talking here today.
There are other things you can do to defend your country, like, let's say, engaging in targeted and strategic civil disobedience.
to challenge certain laws.
Sometimes being a hero means doing what's quote unquote wrong so that you can get the right result.
And that is exactly what we need to be doing here in these circumstances is breaking the quote unquote laws because the laws are void as a matter of law.
They're not legitimate.
And you cannot trample upon an individual's capacity to engage in free thinking, which is exactly what these whole past few years have been about.
Attacking individuals and their capacity to disagree with compelled orthodoxies unconstitutional, especially on matters of profound
personal choice.
When it comes to bodily autonomy, you cannot be told what to do by the government.
This is actually supported by precedent.
Supreme Court precedent explains that you can actually refuse to comply with compelled participation in a ceremony when people who are looking at that ceremony would understand you to be adopting certain ideals by your participation.
So for example, there was a case in the 1940s called West Virginia v Barnett.
In this case, it was around World War II, and there was a strong push around the nation for
for nationalism, for pride and unity in American ideals.
And so there was an ordinance passed to the school district in West Virginia that required students to stand up for the Pledge of Allegiance.
And I love the idea of the United States.
I consider myself to be someone who's very patriotic in a lot of ways.
But the Supreme Court says that you cannot do that, even to support the ideals of nationalism.
Because if someone was watching
you being forced to participate in the Pledge of Allegiance, they would understand you to be adopting or at least agreeing with the ideals that are inherent in the symbol of the American flag, those being patriotism, those being nationality, those being a desire for, let's say, just any American ideals.
And because of that, you actually have the right as an American citizen to disagree.
You can sit down for the Pledge of Allegiance.
compelled to participate in a ceremony that is objectively useless, that violates your conscience.
And that's exactly the same argument that can be made.
And no one's tried this yet.
I've been trying to get someone to do this for a while.
Perhaps Warner will watch this and we can talk about doing it in some of these cases for these vaccine claims.
but you can refuse to participate in a vaccination ceremony because one, especially with the new vaccine, the B.A.4, B.A.5 bivalent vaccines, there is no evidence showing that these things are useful.
They're literally rolling them out on the public to be test subjects.
And because of that, let's say they tried to mandate this for any reason, there was a government trying to mandate it.
Your refusal to comply with the actual ceremony of being vaccinated would send a clear message to someone looking on.
And even your participation sends a clear message.
It shows that you agree with the claims of usefulness,
the claims of safety, all of these things that the CDC and the FDA has been saying about the vaccine by actually complying and getting vaccinated in that ceremonial process.
I mean, really, you're doing something useless because we know these things don't actually prevent the spread of COVID-19.
And two, they're compelling you to do something that sends a clear message to people who are watching you participate in that ceremony.
Those basically adopting the ideals that the vaccine seems to convey to the average observer.
And that is actually a constitutionally protected right.
You cannot be compelled to participate in objectively useless ceremonies.
When someone looking at the ceremony would understand you to be ascribing to the ideals that are inherent in the ceremony.
It's like requiring someone to participate in a religious ceremony.
You can't do that.

[SPEAKER_02]
Right.
So while we're on the subject of resources, definitely like you said, your website is thegavlproject.com.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_02]
And so people can go there, check you out.
Your social media is linked on there too, I saw.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yes.
And we're a 501C3.
If you have the capacity, we'd love to additional support.
We are funding at least five lawsuits across the state of California.
We picked up a case out in Virginia recently.
We're gonna be making some announcements about that as well.
We're gonna be going after people who are engaged in child sex trafficking, particularly people who are related to the government.
It's actually a huge problem.
People don't seem to understand
that the CPS in a lot of regards, especially in the foster care system, it seems to be a catalyst for sex trafficking.
And we have some cases that show that individuals within those systems have been taken advantage of by individual actors, and we intend to hold those folks accountable.
And so that's something we're passionate about.
If you like those issues and want to support those issues, we'd love participation.
Basically, we're an anti-woke non-profit.
We fight wokeism in any capacity we can.
And we have a case selection committee that actually considers applications for representation.
So if anyone out there wants to apply for representation, if you think you have an issue that would have a societal benefit as an outcome for litigation, please feel free to go to our website, thegabbelproject.com.
You can apply for representation.
You can also give tax deductible donations right there, and we do need your support.
The attorney's fees are expensive.
My wife and I have made a lot of sacrifices, and we have kids to support as well.
So it'd be nice to have some additional resources so we can even expand, take on some new cases.

[SPEAKER_02]
That's great.
Thank you so much for everything you do.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_01]
I have a couple questions.
I just want to jump in real quick and follow up on some of the things Ryan said.
First of all, I just want to say that the VSRF, we do not support breaking any laws, just that we're abiding by all laws.
But there's some confusion I see about these
the boosters coming out and whether they're required or recommended.
As far as some of the colleges like my kids are at, they're saying follow the CDC, you have to be vaccinated and boosted and these new ones.
Can you give us some clarity, Ryan, about recommended and required and what a student could do if they don't want to get one of these new bivalent boosters coming out if it's not required?
What steps can they take?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, if it's not required, simply do not comply.
Just basically go through the contractual process.
If there's no requirement, then that means there's no penalty.
A requirement necessarily has some sort of force behind it and same with a mandate.
So anytime someone uses a compulsory word like require, mandate, shall, must, necessary, those types of words trigger
and mean, essentially, that there is some sort of penalty behind them for refusing to comply.
But then there are also permissive words, like may or might or could.
And as you mentioned at the beginning of this call, I think it was in the context of one of the
uh the protest you were explaining that kids receive letters threatening letters saying that they might be disciplined or might be subject to criminal penalties it whenever you see that it's you can pretty much um call a bluff let's say from the government in a lot of these instances they're trying to conflate compulsory words with with permissive words and they're trying to tell you that you must do something really what they're trying they are telling you is that you
may do something.
They're wording it in such a way as to be confusing.
And so just read very carefully is what I would say, what it is that the school is telling you about the vaccinations, look for permissive versus compulsory words, and figure out whether it's a requirement one or whether it's something that is just a suggestion.
If it's a suggestion, just simply say, thanks for suggesting this.
I'm not going to actually do it.
Here's my agreement.
Here's my tuition.
I expect to be in school.
If there are requirement words, if there are compulsory words in there, then you may wish to call an attorney like myself.
You may wish to reach out and apply for representation because you may need to get a writ of mandate or some sort of injunctive relief against the school.
So they actually drop that mandate.
And I believe that this is a pretty straightforward argument at this point.
There is no evidence showing that these vaccinations provide any benefit to students like your self-tice, especially in your age group.
And there is ample evidence showing that these things, in fact, have a number of risks that are associated with them.
And because of that, and because there are so many other methods by which you could actually solve the problems that the schools are actually trying to, at least claiming they want to solve, let's say slowing the spread, slowing the number of students who end up getting sick, et cetera, they cannot compel you to violate your conscience.
when it comes to these things.
And that's where the law comes in, that's where attorneys come in, and that's where the process takes over for the litigation system.

[SPEAKER_02]
Sweet.
So yeah, on that note, if anybody wants to see a list of colleges that are mandating vaccines and boosters, nocollegemandates.com has a great spreadsheet for that.
And then through there, you can pretty much
go to everybody, all the resources we've mentioned on the past three episodes are on there.
So students against mandates, Warners Group, the Health Freedom Council, that's linked on there.
And then definitely go check out vacsafety.org.
That's our organization.
And this week, Thursday, next Thursday, Steve Kersh is gonna have on Jessica Rose,
And she's going to talk about her VAERS report paper and then share her latest data.
And so definitely make sure you register for this.
You can go to vaxsafety.org and learn more about that.
And then vaxsafety.org, of course, we have our resources page for mandates.
There's so many great resources on there, and we'll keep updating it each week as we go.
So there'll be more to check out.
So yeah, is there anything else you'd like to say, Ryan, before we wrap it up?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, just really quickly, I want to thank all the people that have supported us so far.
We've been doing this for about a year now, and we've had a number of folks that have reached out offering to help, not only financially supporting our work, but also just all the folks that are working behind the scenes at the Gable project.
I know that DSRF has been a supporter.
I've been on the show a few times with Steve,
It's always great to connect with y'all and to work alongside you in this fight.
There's a long road ahead, but you know what?
I'm 29.
I've got many years ahead of me to actually battle this out, and I'm looking forward to some success here real soon.
Thanks, Tice, for having me.

[SPEAKER_02]
Thank you.
We're going to keep fighting to protect our rights.

[SPEAKER_03]
And thegabbelproject.com for anyone who wants to support.
Thank you so much.

[SPEAKER_02]
Thank you, Ryan.

[UNKNOWN]
you
