[SPEAKER_00]
Tonight on the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation Weekly Update, special guests, Drs.
Richard Erso and Ryan Cole, co-founders of the Global COVID Summit.
And now, here's your host, Louisa Clare.

[SPEAKER_07]
Our founder, Steve Kersh, is away this week.
So our two special guests that are hosting with me this evening are friends and colleagues, Dr. Richard Urso, Dr. Ryan Cole.
Many of you know them as co-founders of the Global COVID Summit, organization of over 17,000 doctors and scientists speaking out against the abuses of the past two years and injecting sanity back into science and medicine.
Before we bring on the doctors, I'd love to play a clip of them from our Defeat the Mandates rally in California back in April.
Let's watch.

[SPEAKER_01]
Please welcome the brave doctors of FLCCC, the Unity Project and the Global COVID Summit.

[SPEAKER_05]
We stand before you today with 18,000 doctors and scientists that we're representing.
18,000!
Now remember, it's the policies that resulted in the carnage and the deaths of hundreds of thousands of Americans.
It was the policies, not the disease.
All right, let me ask you.
They said there's no early treatment for COVID.
Is that true?
They said natural immunity still needs a vaccine.
Is that true?
They said every man, woman and children in the United States needs this vaccine.
Is that true?
The real virus.
What's the real virus?
See if you agree with this.
Gavin Newsom, the World Economic Forum, Fauci.
Maybe we can make a vaccine against them and ship them to Mars.
All right, here's the data you need.
If anybody says anything, this is the data you need.
In England and in Scotland, where the data is not corrupted, the triple VACs account for 90% of the deaths.
Is that true?
It's true.
Have you heard that in the trusted news initiative?
All right, the lipid nanoparticle, you know what that is?
It goes everywhere, brain, bone marrow, ovaries.
It does not stay in the arm.
Has anybody told you that as a trusted news initiative?
Has the mainstream media said that?
All right, I'm going to let you list four things that's happening with this virus.
It's blocking cancer repair mechanism.
It's blocking receptors that lead to activation of dormant viruses.
It's producing spike protein for up to 60 days because the body doesn't know what to do with the artificial pseudouridine.
It's going into DNA and reverse transcribing in liver cells experimentally.
Have you heard that on the trusted news initiative?

[SPEAKER_03]
Dr. Ursa talked about Trust News Initiative.
How many people have heard about it?
Okay, if you haven't, go look it up.
Who are they?
It is a collusion of the largest media companies, social media companies, to obscure the truth from you.
What do they do?
They lie to you.
How do they do it?
Through propaganda and censoring the smartest doctors in the world, because they don't want you to know the truth.
They are responsible for death, for despair, for social devastation.
They have committed crimes against humanity and have blood on their hands.
How?
By withholding information on early treatments, the strength of natural immunity, the side effects of the death jabs.
You know, the shot doesn't prevent you from getting the virus.
It doesn't prevent you from carrying the virus.
It doesn't prevent you from transmitting the virus.
It doesn't prevent you from getting the disease.
And in sad cases, it doesn't prevent you from dying the disease.
So is it a vaccine?
No, of course it isn't.
Again, one more lie.
And then they want you to have proof of vaccine.
My proof of vaccine is I'm a human being and that's all that matters and screw you and your stupid mandates.
Anyone still requiring this scientifically expired shot has succumbed to insanity through either willful ignorance, paid off corruption, hunger for power, or just plain old malevolence.
Protect the children.
Keep your children away from this.
The shot doesn't cover Omicron.
It is all risk, no benefit for the children.
If anybody puts this shot in the arm of a child, it is plain and simple child abuse.

[SPEAKER_07]
Hmm.
Love those clips.
Someone was asking in the chat.
When was that?
It was April 10th of this year.
So amazing.
It's great to see.
Good to see you guys.
Welcome.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
Great to see you too, Louisa.
Yeah, that's kind of, I'm all fired up now, ready to go.
I know.
I'm ready.

[SPEAKER_07]
I hope you guys are.

[SPEAKER_06]
We sure are.
You know, there's so much to unpack.
You get a great job kind of talking about it.
Um, you know, we can go a lot of different directions.
Um, Ryan, um,
You know you see some of those things this week.

[SPEAKER_07]
I know you guys don't need a whole lot more introduction, but just for people who don't have you know maybe aren't familiar tuning in for the first time we have not just our zoom audience, but our rumble audience.
Just real quickly for everyone on Rumble, if you want to ask a question tonight and we will have a great Q&A going on, if you want to hop on Zoom to ask that question, you can go to our website, vacsafety.org, click the register button, it will instantly send you an email and you can join this webinar and you can hop in to the Zoom and ask your question.
So I wanted to get that out there because we typically have a pretty great
Rumble audience too.
Just to refresh here, Dr. Richard Urso has been a strong proponent of treating COVID patients early with safe repurposed therapeutics.
He treated his first COVID patient March 12th, 2020, successfully treated over 2,200 more COVID patients since then.
He has appeared at the White House Congress, testified the US Senate, worked with members of the FDA, CDC, and NIH, and has served as an expert witness in multiple states, including testifying before the Texas and Tennessee Senates.
Um, love seeing you here in March along with, um, Dr. Cole, um, Dr. Ryan Colt CEO, medical director, cold diagnostics, independent national medical laboratory, and is a double board certified pathologist with expertise in PhD training and immunology and virology.
Dr. Cole completed his residency and anatomic and clinical pathology at the Mayo clinic where he served as chief fellow during his surgical pathology fellowship.
followed by a year as chief fellow at the Acrobat Academy of Dermapathology through Columbia University in New York City.
So looking back at your speeches, the first thing I wanted to ask is, where are we now compared to then?

[SPEAKER_06]
You know, let me say, Louisa, this has been a long fight.
It's been the whole time we've been facing a lot of opposition.
We've made progress, haven't we?
Yeah, truth.
So it's been that way for a long time.
And I think there's not really
anything we could do to keep going forward.
We've got to face up to the fact that there's a social conditioning.
There's a messaging issue that's coming, not data driven from the other side.
And so we just have to face up to that and we're going to get canceled.
I heard you say children's health defense got canceled.
So we're still on the deal with that.
Just so people know, I did 11 years of lab work and been an FDA approved drug for wound healing, but I did lots of scarring research.
inflammation research and tumor virus research.
So we've got a big background in that area.
I feel very qualified to talk about most of the issues that are going on here, including biologic agents, which I had a biologic drug that I developed.
So there's so much we can talk about.
Ryan, you want to add anything in there about, you know, how do you feel where we are right now?

[SPEAKER_04]
Thanks Richard and thanks Louisa, and thanks everybody from around the world.
I'm just kind of looking at the chat.
It's wonderful to see everybody from all corners and, and, you know, coming together as a unified group to support each other.
Yes, you know, as I said and I think it was that talk and another one.
You know, there are cracks in the dam and it's about to burst forth.
The data is hidden.
The CDC on June 21st said they weren't even looking at various data for the last year and a half.
We know on President's Day, they said that they were withholding the majority of data from the American people.
These agencies are corrupt and they're finally coming clean, probably because there's an election coming up.
Who knows?
But at the end of the day, what's important is the people that are here, the people who have been injured, the people who have friends or family that have been injured.
I know, Richard has amazing knowledge and expertise we're kind of brain brothers it's almost like, gosh can somebody be that smart and we just go back and forth with phone calls and papers and data, trying to figure out the best ways the best things to do the best ways to help.
And, you know, we collaborate with our colleagues all around the world.
trying to assist.
So we hope we have some answers today.
I'm grateful to see that a lot of people are waking up.
I did a lecture this morning in person for a thousand functional medicine doctors, which was a really great experience.
They're working on protocols to help people.
I'm optimistic.

[SPEAKER_06]
Awesome.
Yeah, I was gonna say, I know you heard Louisa earlier talking about the CDC and how they've basically come full circle now and they've kind of acknowledged basically the Great Barrington Declaration.
What are your thoughts, Ryan?
I feel like they didn't go far enough.
I don't think they're really meaningful.
What are your thoughts?

[SPEAKER_04]
They're being cautious, a little coy, I think.
And they're rearranging the CDC, I think, is they're shuffling the deck of cards.
It's still a deck of cards and a house of cards.
And I think one or two more tugs in that house of cards comes falling down.
I think Walensky should resign in shame today.
What she's done to harm the number of Americans
and people worldwide is shameful to be able to even look into a camera and pretend like she wears the title of a doctor when she's probably the greatest purveyor of misdisc and malinformation in the nation right now.
In addition to, you know, Shaw and, you know, Murthy was, et cetera, Fauci, et cetera, we have a government that accuses the people that know the most
of spreading malice and disinformation when they know they're the ones doing it.
They're very good at projecting.
But when it comes to data, Dr. Urso and I will sit down in a room anywhere, anytime, any place in the world with any of these individuals.
And I always said, great, bring your data.
Because if the data you have and the information you have is better for the human and better for the human condition, teach me.
I'm teachable, completely teachable.
But if it's not, then they need to change their ways and quit hurting people.
So that's kind of how I feel about it.

[SPEAKER_06]
So speaking of that, you and I have spoken about this a lot, talked about it a lot.
This idea about a lipid nanoparticle messenger RNA, it's the new way for vaccination programs.
Do you consider like, OK, the spike protein is toxic, but come on now, you've got to say like the lipid nanoparticle messenger RNA, there's nothing wrong with that.
Is there were your thoughts on that?

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, I think you bring up a very, very, very good point.
And this is the message that obviously this shot was a bad shot, bad idea from the get-go.
Lipid nanoparticle goes to the brain, the bone, or the spleen, the adrenals, everywhere.
The lipid nanoparticle will carry whatever sequence it has tagged with it.
It will carry
and make yourself the factory for that protein.
However, these companies now think they have carte blanche to be doing this for an RSV shot, an influenza shot, tuberculosis shot, HIV, et cetera, et cetera.
They literally have dozens in the works right now.
without 10 years of safety data.
And so if they keep declaring emergencies, then they get to keep trying to push these emergency authorizations of a platform that you and I know.
And as I said in a talk in Beth, United Kingdom, that platform of a lipid nanoparticle plus a gene sequence is a nuclear bomb from now until eternity, because lipid nanoparticles were designed to carry chemotherapy to the brain.
lipid nanoparticles, you can't control where they go.
They go everywhere.
So you're right, Richard.
This is absolutely a dangerous platform.
And it's odd.
If you go back to the Milken Institute interview, I think it was the end of 2017, with Fauci and Rick Bright, and they're chit chatting going, be moaning how long it takes to get a shot approved.
They're like, gosh, but if we had a pandemic, we could emergency authorize this new mRNA technology that's never been used on humanity.
So you would bring up a great point.
that these shots obviously are expired to an ancestral strain that's extinct.
The Omicron bivalent ones that'll come out this fall, by then the Omicron variants that we have will be extinct.
So we'll be forcing a shot for two expired extinct variants for a shot that doesn't work against them anyway.
So we obviously need to stop this shot, but we need to stop this platform.
We have corrupt agencies around the world allowing an experimental platform to harm people worldwide.

[SPEAKER_06]
Great, great, great thoughts.
Because when I think about it, I say, you have to understand you cannot have an uncontrollable product.
You can't have it going everywhere.
Why do we have a respiratory virus going to the brain and the bone marrow?
Why do we have a respiratory virus going to the adrenals and ovaries?
It makes no sense.
What about the idea of the messenger RNA carrying the spike protein, which is one of the most toxic parts of this, right?
We've seen this data, right?
So if I had to say to you, is there data showing the spike protein is the major pathogen in this thing?
I want your thoughts about that.
But more importantly, I want to also have your thoughts on
cardiovascular effects, not only in some of the clotting effects of the spike.
So we've established that the platform itself should never go forward because of pharmacokinetics and bio-distribution.
But what about this particular one with the spike protein?
What are your thoughts?

[SPEAKER_04]
Okay, so we're making the shot to make your cells make a toxic protein.
We knew early on that the spike is the most toxic aspect of this virus.
So that spike
can be made now by any cell where that lipid nanoparticle lands.
Number one, that cell becomes a target of your immune system.
Your immune system is going to look at your own cells now and say that's a foreign protein.
Your immune cells are going to attack that part of your body causing tissue damage.
We know it causes metabolic problems in the liver.
We know it causes metabolic problems in the heart and the kidney.
The spike protein, we know it circulates in the body for months and months on end.
So in a natural infection, your body is going to clear the spike and clear the virus in a week or two, depending on your immune status.
When your body is making the spike, because they added a synthetic sequence into this spike, we know from Dr. Rolken's study out of Stanford, at least 60 days later, that sequence is still persisting and your body is still making spike.
Now that spike is going to swell the muscle cells of the heart.
We know that from the American Heart Association's presentation about two weeks ago.
And the irony is the authors in order to get published said we know COVID-19 damages heart cells, so go get your shot.
Like what?
Completely illogical.
So we know without the ACE2 receptor, so this is the toll-like receptor number four mechanism that causes the innate immune system to hyperreact and target and attack heart cells.
We know that the spike alone in the Salk Institute studies, the spike alone,
not the whole virus, that spike that your body is making if you get these shots, causes excess inflammation of your blood vessel linings throughout the entire body.
We know the spike protein alone will cause proteins in your blood to clot and clump at excessive rates.
We know that it will cause inflammation in the ovaries.
We know that the S1 of the spike will go to the brain, cross the blood brain barrier, and cause brain inflammation.
You can go to the various reports and just see these countless countless.
as toxic protein that this shot makes our body make.
And here's the biggest concern I have.
And not to be alarmist, we know if you got one, I'm not here to judge anyone.
I'm hopefully here to be scientific and informative.
If you got one shot, don't get a second.
If you got a second, don't get a third.
If you got a third, don't get a fourth.
Above all, be ungovernable.
Like Steve Day said recently, be ungovernable.
Do not allow anyone
to put an expired shot for an extinct virus into your body.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yes.
So here, let's you talked about the irony of it.
And I'm going to say, let's talk about that a little bit.
It's really important.
I think I want everybody to know this on the call.
So what they're saying, what the messaging, the social conditioning they're trying to say to us is, hey, this is, you know, it wasn't from the shot, it was from COVID.
These people got COVID.
COVIDs would cause the brain inflammation.
COVIDs will cause the heart inflammation.
So I'm going to propose something I know you and I have spoken about.
There's a huge difference between the virus and the lipid nanoparticle.
Viruses need an open door and lipid nanoparticles need a door crack.
So what everyone on this call needs to understand, lipid nanoparticles slip through tight junctions.
Lipid nanoparticles slip through door cracks.
This is why the vaccinated are injured more in the brain and in the heart.
So right, and so I'm going to explain it real quickly.
Lipid nanoparticles get through tight junctions.
When you exercise, these young children are exercising.
Tight junctions loosen when you exercise.
Lipid nanoparticles slips through.
On the outside of the vessel's walls around the heart, it's called pericytes.
They're like fibroblasts.
They have tons of ACE2 receptors.
Then the lipid nanoparticle gets in there, gets into the pericytes, creates lots of spike protein.
That spike protein then is diffused through the gap junctions into the heart, causing the monocarditis at much higher rates in children and adolescents that are exercising than in people who are actually getting the virus itself.
If you want an explanation, that's the explanation why lipid nanoparticles go through tight junctions.
know, and Ryan, I think one of the other things you talk so well about to talk about the dangers of multiple vaccine, multiple vaccine, the immune imprinting, and I think this is a tough concept.
Can you break that down for me?

[SPEAKER_04]
Okay, so immune imprint,
otherwise known as original antigenic sin.
So it's like putting blinders on a horse.
You give that spike protein shot or the sequence, your body makes the spike protein.
It's like the horse going down the road.
Now the road is that spike protein, but all the variants are the ditches.
But the horse can't see that.
Your immune system becomes so narrowed on just that spike that your body is making and it sees, it can't remember or even get out of its lane to recognize there's others.
The problem is something we call in immunology, it's called high zone tolerance.
The more you're exposed to something, the less your body wants to hyperreact to it because it continues to damage itself.
So I make the comparison to say trying to desensitize a child with a peanut allergy.
So you go into the allergist and he'll give you or she'll give you a whiff of that protein, a little whiff of that peanut protein, a little whiff
And you get that little bit every time you go in, in a subcutaneous shot, televentrally your T cells say, you know what, I'm tired of overreacting to this.
I'm just going to forget this.
So now your body only has the ability when you get these spike protein shots,
to recognize that ancestral strength.
Now along comes a big bad wolf, two, three, four, five years from now, another coronavirus.
Your body is so honed and looking for this original one, it's not gonna be able to mount a response to the other ones, which makes you susceptible for much worse, much quicker, much more deadly disease.
So this imprinting, the other problem is because the body from these shots, and we know this from the Moderna trials,
43% of individuals that got the shots before they ended up getting COVID, which just about everybody did after their shots, couldn't mount an immune response to the nucleocapsid virus, the little protein that covers the sequence of the virus.
It's because their body was so honed in on just this spike protein, the wrong one, albeit, that now they can't even mount a response to the other parts of the virus.
Now, going into any infection, the best thing of all is a healthy, broad,
non-specific immune response.
If you take care of your health through diet, through nutrition, through vitamin D, through activity, through good rest, etc.
If you have a healthy, strong immune system, you can broadly respond to all sorts of families of pathogens.

[SPEAKER_02]
detriment of the brett response.

[SPEAKER_04]
So this is a very important question you bring up.
Thank you, Richard.

[SPEAKER_06]
So let's follow it up with this.
So we're seeing a decrease in interferon production, which is our main defense against viruses in people who have the virus.
We're seeing our system train not only with antibodies, but now we're also training
our natural killer cells, we're training our complement cascade, we're training our cytotoxic T cells, we're training our entire system to focus on one thing which no longer exists.
So we're seeing a rise in other issues with cancer, with other viruses like the herpes zoster, the Epstein-Barr.
We're seeing these viruses and the data is there.
I wanna bring up one other thing because I think you brought up a lot of good points.
You know, we are also seeing other issues.
One of the major ones is fertility issues.
And I want to bring this up.
Is there data or is this speculation?

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, the data is really strong.
So the Daily Cloud named Naomi Wolf brought forward, again, her group has been going through all the Pfizer data dump.
And Pfizer hid the plain and simple fact that there was a 44% miscarriage rate in their post-marketing trials.
So there's data from Pfizer themselves, from the mouth of the beast.
In addition to that, we see in Germany and Sweden and China, other Asian countries, a significant drop in
pregnancies and deliveries in the first quarter of 2022.
And we're talking huge increases, 20 plus percent in live births.
We go back to the early New England Journal study and the miscarriage rate in that paper was 70 to 80% in the first trimester.
We have data from experts like Dr. Thorpe in Florida, who's a high-risk maternal fetal doctor.
This year, he will see about 9,000 births and pregnancies.
I was on a call with him last night looking at the placental harm that he's been seeing, the calcification of the placenta.
We've been seeing data from
around the world, papers out of Israel and men, where we have decreased sperm counts and sperm motility for up to six months.
We see data out of Israel confirming the high rates of menstrual irregularities, data out of the University of Chicago in Illinois, high rates of menstrual irregularities.
So there's plenty of data.
We know that these shots are causing all sorts of problems with the reproductive tract.

[SPEAKER_06]
So, and of course the data out of Israel and the sperm count reduction in males about 30% but but you know let's face it, I mean, come on, you know we know everyone tried really hard right so Pfizer didn't actually hide any data on ever I mean Peter do she hasn't found anything.
that's unusual about the data.
Did I miss something?
Is there a way for you to kind of comment on that?
Did Pfizer actually hide data at all?
Or were they completely truthful?
It's 95% effective.
That data should have been 95% effective because that's all they had.
But I think there's been some other uncovering going on.
What are your thoughts on that?

[SPEAKER_04]
You know, I like the facetiousness in your question there because obviously in conjunction with our own FDA.
I mean, our FDA wanted to, you know, in amicus with Pfizer not release the data for, you know, 5575 years.
So of course they tried to hide the data.
And as that data continues to come out because of an honest judge that forced them to, we're finding all these problems as we go along.
Another one, both Moderna and Pfizer did some fetal rat studies.
And there was a high percentage of fetal malformations in those rats and their ribs, rib nodules, wavy ribs.
So we know that they knew that there was harm.
I quote a study out of Brazil in a talk I gave over a year ago where, and Steve and I talked about this a long time ago, he's like, Ryan, where did you get that data point?
I said, well, if you read the conclusions of most of the papers, they lie.
But if you read the data tables, that's where you can uncover their lie.
And it was in one of those tables where you could see a decrease in implantation of the egg.
So Pfizer's hidden fertility data, Moderna's hidden fertility data.
Yes, these companies are hiding data.
And you know, I really honestly hope that they're held accountable for the fraud they've committed on the world because they got their authorizations through fraud.
And if I understand the law correctly, if you get an authorization through fraud, you no longer have liability protection.
And I would like that to be true.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, so well said.
I just want to go through for the people who didn't know.
Peter Doshi went through this data, found more deaths
in the vaccinated group and more hospitalization.
He basically wrote a paper on the hospitalization side where the vaccinated people, the original studies in the vaccinated people showed more hospitalization in that group.
There's other studies where they show, I think in the vaccinated group is 22 deaths over the first early period and 13 in the unvaccinated group.
So we see not only did they die more often, they went to the hospital more often,
And this is fraud.
We call this fraud.
This is hidden data.
They calculated the data a little differently because they call them non-COVID.
So of course, this is something that needs to be called out.
And thank God we are.
England had data showing that the children from 10 to 14, the triple vaccinated, I find this unbelievable, 146 times more likely to die of something if they were vaccinated.
What are your thoughts?

[SPEAKER_04]
You know, that's very true, all cause mortality.
Any drug or any product you bring to market, not only should stop that disease, but you shouldn't see an increase of death associated with that product.
So across the world, especially in these younger age groups, we're seeing a marked increase in death from all causes.
This joke of a condition, you know, sudden adult death syndrome, oh hogwash, give me a break.
It's sudden adult vaccine death syndrome.
Why don't they just call it what it is?
And it's happening at rates that are astounding, statistically astounding.
And for anybody to not wake up at this point and say, wait a minute, this doesn't make any sense, you know, shaking your duvet or breathing too much or having breakfast or standing up too fast, sitting down too slowly.
Blame me.
except for the elephant in the room.
Plain and simple fact that the shot was forced upon way too many people through coercion.
And the data shows, and you and I have had meetings with a lot of these insurance officials and their accolaries, the data shows that it was quarter three and four when we started seeing those high increases in excess debt here and around the world, but here especially, and that's when the mandate started in quarter three and four.
So
It's tragic again.
I mean, any death is a tragedy.
The saddest part of all of this is that these are preventable deaths, because through coercion in this giant game of chicken with humanity, of coercing people into a shot they don't need for a virus that's extinct, it's killing people from clotting, from heart attacks, from strokes.
You see on the side of buses, oh, children have strokes too.
No, they don't.
You and I have been in medicine for decades and decades.
I mean, granted, we're always still in our 30s, but still.
But I mean, all this cover up and hiding of the obvious, and it's hiding in plain sight.
We see it.
Everybody knows somebody.

[SPEAKER_06]
The social conditioning is so powerful.
Referee whistles cause heart attacks, cold cause heart attacks, sleeping cause heart attacks, whiskey causes heart attacks.
Literally anything you can think of.
In children having strokes,
was one of the ones, I put that out on Twitter one time and I had like, I don't know, 30,000 something or others.
And a lot of people got after me on talking about children not having strokes.
And I said, look, I'm not talking about the NICU in the first six months of life.
I'm talking about a healthy kid.
You know, I had a nine-year-old here in Houston have stroke.
A healthy nine-year-old, you know, fourth grader, whatever, does not have strokes.
That doesn't happen.
And we were seeing this over and over and over.
A good friend,
who's been in physical therapy for many years here in Houston, told me she had this past six weeks, 17, 20, 22, 24, 27, 32, 35, and 38-year-old in there for stroke.
She's never seen that ever, like maybe one of those a year.
As we all know, inflammatory diseases like lupus and things can cause vasculitis, cause stroke, very unusual.
It happens in a big city hospital.
you might get a case a year.
You don't see, you know, eight of them in a period of six weeks.
So this is, you know, you've been famous in a sense for the clot shot.
And I know you've studied this extensively.
You know, I just want people to know, are these clots, are they normal clots?
Because, you know, clotting is normal.
What's supposed to clot?
What is unique about these clots that you've seen?
You've had a unique experience.
You've looked at this very carefully.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, and this is a very important point.
Yeah, sure.
Did I get in trouble from American Board of Pathology, College of American Pathologists for telling the truth?
Yeah.
Is there a black box warning on J&J now for causing clots?
Yes, there is.
Have they canceled all orders in Europe for the adenovirus vaccines, AstraZeneca and J&J?
Of course, they have.
They canceled them.
Why?
Because they cause too much clotting.
How is there more clotting
or clotting reports than from Derna or Pfizer.
Though I may have frozen here.
Can you hear me?
There we go.
So yes, it's a clot shot, but the clots are not normal.
Now there are people that, okay, I'm sorry.
My connection's gone a little unstable there.
Sorry about that.
The challenge of living early on a farm.
The shots cause proteins to clump even in the absence of platelets.
Now you'll see a report from, you know, there's some people that go down some tinfoil pathways that frustrate me.
Yes, there are blood elements in these clots.
It traps white and red blood cells.
Yes, there's still fibrin deposited, but there's clumped protein at higher rates and higher degrees than we normally see in clots.
and the clots are thicker, and the clots are longer, and the clots don't break down very easily because of that deposition of protein.
Now, here's the other problem.
Normally, say this typical clot, you hear somebody was on an airplane, then they get a swelling and inflammation in their leg, a deep vein thrombosis.
You can usually pick that bigger clot up on an ultrasound.
The problem with these shots and this S1 protein from this spike
is you form a lot of microclots.
So a lot of conditions in which patients have pain, aches, fatigue, et cetera, is because they're getting choked off from oxygen at micro levels throughout the body, not just these big ugly clots that people have seen pictures of.
These are not normal clots in the sense that there is too much protein contained in these clots, and they're hard to break down with the typical thinners that we're used to using in medicine.

[SPEAKER_06]
You know, one other real important topic, thank you so much for that, I think is the P53, the guardian of the genome is disrupted.
DNA damage repair is disrupted.
You know, I have a background in oncology.
I have a lot of old cancer patients that are still with me.
I had a period of time, I remember after the last booster, where I had three long-term patients that were between two or 10 years out and 12 years out.
Recurrences came back within about a month and very aggressively, and they were completely clean for,
you know, 10, 10, and 12 years.
I found this almost hit me like a heart because people have gotten really close to me.
I'm seeing it.
We don't have, like, we see the data when we say, hey, there's more herpes zoster.
It's almost double.
We've seen it.
It's causing problems with viral immune surveillance for viruses.
We're seeing that.
We're seeing uptick in getting all viruses overall.
more COVID in the vaccine.
But what about the cancers?
I am seeing it anecdotally in my office.
What are you seeing?

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, and I saw an increase early on after the shot rollout in the laboratory.
I started seeing an increase of women's health cancers.
I saw a subtle increase of certain types of skin cancers.
I saw those outbreaks of different viruses and rashes and whatnot as well.
I was in a thread with a colleague last night.
He's an OB down in Florida.
patient he's followed for many years.
He saw her just, I don't know, six months ago, eight months ago, perfectly fine, perfectly clear, no problems.
She just got her third shot, you know, four, six weeks ago.
She has a 19 centimeter, 19 centimeter ovarian mass now.
Most ovarian cancers are driven by P53.
That's the guardian of the genome, that tumor marker.
And he went, oh my gosh, you're right.
And then he put two and two together, but
another chief of oncology, large oncology system down in Florida.
I was at a talk I was giving down there.
He approached me, said, thanks for seeking out.
I'm seeing it in my practice.
I've been doing this for 30 plus years.
Five brain cancers in one month in young patients.
I usually see one brain cancer, he says, in a young patient every decade, not five in a month.
And that was after the boosters rolled out.
So all medicine starts with observation.
The mechanisms there, like I mentioned, the spike,
drops your interferon.
Interferon fights off cancer.
It drops your T-cell counts.
It drops your CD8 counts.
It binds to those cancer-promoting genes, BRCA and P53.
It causes microclots.
Cancer can grow in a low-oxygen environment.
It damages mitochondria.
If your cells don't have energy, they can't fight off cancers.
There's so many mechanisms.
And another important one is the impurity of these products.
And you're a drug developer, and you know how long it takes to get a pure product to market.
there's so much fragmented RNA within these vials, and they're not kept at good temperatures.
We know from early European Medicines Agency and the TGA down in Australia that these vials were only 50 to 60 percent pure.
There are papers in the literature that show shortened mRNA sequences are cancer promoters.
So these fragments of mRNA, these incomplete sequences will code for a

[SPEAKER_02]
Also, carcinogenic.

[SPEAKER_04]
about so many doctors around the world.
You and I were in Ireland two weeks ago.
The doctors there approached us.
In their rural practices, these general practitioners that have been practicing 30 and 40 years, again and again, I've never seen these cancer rates in my patients.
So we're hearing it, we're seeing it.
Our government could open up the databases.
We know it was present in the military database that they froze and hid from the American people in a Watergate-esque fraud.
were seeing an increase in the military.
We know that our government could go into the CMS HHS databases tomorrow and tell us the truth, but how much truth have we had from them over the last two and a half years anyway?

[SPEAKER_06]
So true and I think your point about the production cycle people don't realize they're basically made this worldwide
And all the manufacturer had never made batches, big batches.
So they basically take basically big batches of lipid nanoparticles, mix them with this mess in your RNA components.
They're spinning them around, and they have to keep it at the right temperature, not too much spin, not too much of a difference in temperature uniform.
It's very difficult.
You're basically talking about batches as big as, you know, like it's not quite as big as an industrial thing you might see at a chemical plant.
very, you know, maybe a third of the size of that, they're making big batches.
And for the first time, the yields are going to be really low and have a lot of fragmented pieces.
I think that's why there's these quote unquote good and bad, good and bad batches is basically production issues.
So that's another issue.
And when it comes to this kind of stuff, I think when you kind of talk about sort of mythic things, you know, like, Hey, there's good and bad batches.
It's not scientifically makes perfect sense that the production was different.
in different areas.
There's no, you know, I've heard people have said some of the tin foil stuff with different things that they would say.
And I say, look, these are production issues.
That's what you're seeing.
The other thing I wanted to bring in about mythic stuff is, you know, as you know, you make lots of spike, you're going to make exosomes, which basically spit them out of the cell.
And you're going to get some, you're going to get some just dispersion of these, which can cause some shedding issues.
So there are people who actually think that's like mythic.
And, you know, we see Bancel study, Journal of Immunology, just address the fact that shedding is not a myth, it's just part of the process of making this lipid nanoparticle spike protein, and it's part of what happens here.
Can you kind of discuss that a little bit, just give a little detail to that?

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, and that's just real quickly.
That's one of our big questions is, sorry, Dr. Cole, one of our big questions is, you know, can a person, it's basically the shedding question that the vaccine can be transferred to an unvaccinated person through breath and bodily fluids, sweat, saliva, breast milk, sexual contact.
Someone was asking if you could explain the mechanism kind of behind that.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, before you go there, talk about shedding in the production of the spike before you talk about the vaccine itself actually shedding.
So I think the first question is a two part question that discussed the fact that you're going to produce message RNA making lots of spike, which is going to make lots of exosomes, which are going to shed.
And then you could just address the second one, which is does the vaccine itself shed?

[SPEAKER_04]
Okay, both great questions.
So number one, yes, even in the natural viral infection early on in the subways in Wuhan, they did sweat studies and they took sweat and they could detect the spike protein in the bodily secretions of individuals.
So we know that spike protein even from a natural infection is going to shed.
Now we know from the shots an individual makes more spike protein than a natural infection over a longer period of time.
Yes, that can be shed in secretions.
The individuals who have had the shots and not COVID don't have the neutralizing antibodies, secretory IgA.
So we know New England Journal of Medicine, what a 5X rate of shedding of positivity of virus.
We also know that the body is making spike protein in exosomes.
Do you breathe out exosomes?
Yes, you do.
Everybody has their own microbiome cloud.
Now here's the good news.
A lot of people are worried about, oh no, I'm being shed on.
Most of you have had COVID, which means if you haven't had the shots and you've had COVID, you have antibodies to bind and neutralize that spike protein.
So just because that's in the environment doesn't mean everyone's being harmed by it.
Now, does it get shed in breast milk?
Yes, there was a baby that died and hammered after the mom had gotten a shot.
We know that she was making spike protein.
We know that that spike protein gets into the breast milk and into secretions.

[SPEAKER_02]
It's just a matter of one.

[SPEAKER_04]
Other shots will cause you to maybe not get so sick, you know, historic vaccines, but you can see that virus when you get sick from it and that increases shedding rates of other viruses.
So, you know, this whole vaccine industry has kind of hidden the fact that sometimes when you get an immunization for something, it actually causes you to spread that disease at a higher rate, even though you're not sick.
So the spike protein is shed.
Yes, other people can acquire it from you.
We know in the Pfizer application it clearly stated, I always forget whether it's bottom page 67 or 69, but it says do not be in the room.
If you've received a shot do not be in the room with a pregnant woman or have skin contact for one month.
for weeks, they knew.
Now, vaccines are made to be shed.
So in rabbit populations, they've made vaccines to sterilize other rabbits.
So with this one, we don't have any evidence that the vaccine itself is being shed or spread, but we do have evidence that the spike protein is.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, and just kind of cover this, right?
I mean, we know that the spike gets across the broad brain there.
We know spike gets across the placenta.
We know
that spike is likely in blood of those who are vaccinated.
So we know that the blood supply is likely has some spike in it.
I think it's a really simple thing.
It's a question that has been asked a few times here.
Is the spike in blood products?

[SPEAKER_04]
In my opinion, yes, it is.
The question and the answer is how much?
Because some blood products are pooled.
Okay, so the bad news is, in all scientific probability it is, the good news is most of you can neutralize that with your own immune response.
So it's a dose dependent curve in terms of the spike harms.
If a whiff of it is there and you already have an immune response to it from having had COVID and recovered, no big deal.
If you haven't had COVID and you're exposed to the spike, can it still induce some of those clotting pathways?
You bet.
So it's a two-edged sword.
People need blood products in acute conditions.
The Red Cross is responsible for a safe blood supply.
So this would be something that's completely honest and transparent in what they're doing.
Certain blood products won't have it because you spin off the portion of the blood that doesn't have
the protein in it.
So if you get packed red cells, you don't have the white cells in the serum with that.
You're not going to get much spike protein from getting a red blood cell transfusion.
If you get a plasma product,
You know what?
Chances are it's there.
So it's a two-edged sword.
We don't have the data on that.
The Red Cross should, and they should be transparent about it.
So that's a great question.
All probability it's there.
I know a lot of people talk about, hey, we need pure blood, blood banks.
Yeah, we do.
You know of any?

[SPEAKER_07]
I'm just going to ask that question.

[SPEAKER_04]
Not yet.
Anybody have an extra $10 million to build a couple of?

[SPEAKER_06]
I was going to say, the way you answer that, because yes, shedding occurs.
Yes, there's probably some spike in blood supply.
That doesn't mean we need to pull all the fire alarms.
We have neutralization ability.
We're hoping that the numbers are small.
And that's what we think.
We don't know that, though.
We certainly like somebody to quantify all that.
And that's one of the issues.
We've had this over and over.
Nobody's looking at the hard data and giving it to us.
We know it's there.
We know it's in the blood supply.
We just don't know how much.
We know it's shedding.
We just don't know to what extent the measurements of these things are difficult, and we need significant funding.
But whether or not it occurs or not, we have the data showing shedding is normal, but multiple studies showing that.
We don't have data showing it in the blood supply, but it would be crazy to think that it can't get into the blood supply.
It can get into the brain, the bone marrow.
it can get into the placenta, it can get across all these barriers.
It's clearly going to be able to do the same here.
So I think it's just rational to say yes.

[SPEAKER_07]
And quick question, follow up on the on the shedding question.
Would this only be the case when the person was recently vaccinated or does shedding go on?
And I know there's not big studies, but just what's your

[SPEAKER_04]
That's a great question because you're going to, it's dose dependent.
So you get a shot, you're making a lot of spike, it tapers down, you get another shot, you're making more spike, tapers down, get another one.
So again, dose dependent curve in terms of spike protein.
Your body after you get the shot should at least be eventually making its own antibodies to bind that circulating spike.
So your spike level should go down.
So after each shot, you should see less spike.
But we are seeing...
However, that's why I said keep getting a shot because you're...

[SPEAKER_06]
So we're seeing the data for people who don't know, it's up to four months in the Journal of Immunology.
I don't think anyone's really looked at this data past that, it's been a really good study.
So it can be a long time.
As Dr. Cole said, I agree.
Like you're likely getting that early shedding is the early time of the most productions going on.
That just seems natural.
It's gonna be a sinusoidal wave.
and there's going to be some degradation over time.
But the scary part is no one's looking carefully at it.
How can you not look carefully at pharmacokinetics?
It doesn't make sense.
We're producing spike for up to two months.
That is actually documented by the cell study done at Stanford.
So this is something that should be looked at carefully.
It's a very important part of all drug design.
Biodistribution of pharmacokinetics to have this not be nailed down completely is ridiculous.

[SPEAKER_07]
Um, okay.
So I'm going to attack some questions because I've got a lot of here.
Um, and then we've got some more coming in.
Um, is there anything else that you guys wanted to make a, a, a big point on first before I go, before I go to these?

[SPEAKER_06]
I think we hit the main thing, which is the lipid nanoparticle messaging are putting a platform is a horrible platform.
It's not well-developed.
It's shown itself to be dangerous in this one time where they've gone for it.
That's the main message you want to send.
Um, Ryan, anything by you?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, I just want to add to everybody in the sound of my voice, moms, dads, mama bears, papa bears.
Less than 2% or around 2% of parents have given this to the youngster youngsters.
That's a sign that people have woken up.
Kids don't need this.
Nobody needs this at this point.
Stay strong.
No more
No more of these wrong shots.
I've seen plenty of questions about, well, what about all the healthcare practitioners?
Be ungovernable.
They are lying to you about an unsafe product.
Who cares if it's effective if it's not safe?
We know it's not safe.
Effectiveness doesn't matter.
Is it effective?
No.
Is it safe and effective?
No.
It's unsafe and ineffective.
Stay strong.
Stand up for your rights wherever in the world you are.
Don't be silent.
be ungovernable.
That's my final message.
And then we can answer all the questions you want.

[SPEAKER_07]
Good words.
Good words.
All right.
So here's one in the Pfizer document listing one hundred and fifty thousand adverse events reported during the early part of the vaccine rollout.
One of the adverse events is anti-sperm antibodies.
Could this explain the study finding that male fertility was negatively impacted for five plus months after vaccination?

[SPEAKER_06]
So I'll kind of start with saying, when I see something like that, I say, that's a proof of concept that something might link, right?
So we know from Israel, the data that there's a reduction in the accounts.
We know that, that's a fact.
The reduction in accounts is true.
So before we had data showing, hey, it might cause some adverse event, will it affect male fertility?
Now we have data showing, hey, the numbers are down, but are they linked?
That we don't know.

[SPEAKER_07]
OK.
The follow up question to that was, is this basically an autoimmune reaction because the spike attaches to the sperm and the body attacks it as foreign?

[SPEAKER_06]
Right.

[SPEAKER_07]
Might be speculation.

[SPEAKER_02]
Good news.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, kind of more speculation.
We know like the J and J cause an anti platelet factor for antibody that caused a lot of clotting cascades.
We know there are a lot of protein mimics in the human body that the spike protein will induce the mimic like attacks.
55 different tissues were examined about 28 of them showed mimicry with portions of the spike so having excess spike and excess immune response.
Yes, is going to cause a lot of autoimmune attack on lots of parts of the body speculation at this point.
A lot of people just form autoimmune antibodies to anything over time.
A lot of other viruses will induce what we call a hapten-like response in immunology.
And your body eventually just says, you know, I think I'm just going to start eating self, autophagy, self-attack, self-eating.
So, you know, mechanisms are critically important to study when we don't have enough data yet.
You know, the Israel study was the first big one on sperm counts and we need more from around the world.

[SPEAKER_06]
But now we have other data, as we said, you talked about it earlier, the stuff from Denmark, Germany, Asia.
We're seeing a reduction in fertility based on births.
So something is doing it.
And they're going to basically come out and say it's probably COVID.
But again, we have to go to lipid nanoparticles, get through places that COVID can't get.
Viruses can't get, need doors open.
Lipid nanoparticles don't keep that in the back of your mind.
Every time you hear that argument, lipid nanoparticles slip through door cracks, viruses need open doors.

[SPEAKER_07]
That's a good analogy.
Are there any differences that you're seeing in reactions across vaccines, different reactions to different vaccines?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, so the gene...

[SPEAKER_06]
I'm seeing a lot of patients and I see probably 200, 250 patients a week
It's very hard to tell because the vast majority of people are getting the Pfizer vaccine, okay?
I'm not seeing a lot personally in my clinic with the J&J, right, at all.
So I'm not seeing a lot of patients with it, very few.
But with the Pfizer and with the Moderna, I would think, right, just looking at it, there's a bigger dose in the Moderna.
But that's not what I'm seeing.
I'm seeing more Pfizer patients than Moderna.
But I think it's maybe the numbers.
Again, it'd be hard to know.
I can tell you this, I'm seeing a lot of post-vaccine injury.
I've never seen vaccine injury.
We've basically never had a forum for speaking about this prior to this.
This is just bad medicine, what we're doing right now.
You and I talked earlier, Louisa said, in surgery, we believe in medicine, we believe in some immunization programs, but we don't believe in everything.
We need good science, we need good data, and we have
seen where the lipid nanoparticle mRNA has an issue.
We are seeing the spike itself was a bad choice.
Why would you pick the spike out of the 29 proteins?
Why not the nucleocapsid?
There are many things you could pick on with this, but the data is overwhelming.
The data is overwhelming.
We've seen 40% more deaths between 18 to 64.
We're seeing massive numbers in even the younger patients from 25 to 44, I think it's 84% in the last quarter.
We're seeing deaths at rates that are unprecedented
and they would never occur in a natural way.
A 10% rise would be a one in 200 year phenomena.
These things need to be addressed.
Nobody's even talking about it.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
And you know, the other important thing too, in terms of all these side effects from the different types of shots, the immune suppression and then the alteration of our immune system is allowing other viruses to wake up.
So a lot of the long haul patients, a lot of the vaccine injury patients
And there was a good paper that just came out of Yale confirming this.
We're seeing some adrenal function decrease cortisol, and you need that for, you know, energy, blood pressure, et cetera.
But also, and when I talk about
just about every time we talk, reactivation of mononucleosis, Epstein-Barr virus.
If you have chronic fatigue, I say this personally, I know how you feel.
I've suffered any CFS for three and a half years after a sinus surgery, my Epstein-Barr woke up and I am on and off with fatigue.
And sometimes I feel like Superman and other times I feel like kryptonite.
I understand exactly how you feel.
Dr. Urso and I have gone through a lot of different treatments that help with that.
Epstein-Barr virus after infection and after the shots has woken up in about 50 to 80% of patients.
It's treatable, it's manageable.
And it's one simple test of four antibodies and it's very easy to get done, moderately expensive, I think 150, 180 bucks, but it shows what could be happening and it explains a lot of injury and a lot of individuals.

[SPEAKER_06]
That's so great to kind of bring that attention because I think it goes under the radar, but we have data also it's not just our opinions like they're showing that the rates of shingles is almost double.
And that's a million million vaccinated versus unvaccinated.
Very well done study.
These are not opinions, these are facts.

[SPEAKER_07]
Very good.
Here's a sort of a switch in topic for those in our lives who are two, three, four times faxed and they wouldn't be open to early treatment drugs like ivermectin, HCQ, but they would be open to vitamins and nutraceuticals.
What protocol would you advise for their active COVID infection and prevention?

[SPEAKER_06]
Okay, so I'm going to quickly jump in and let Ryan jump in.
So to us, we use all modalities to have success.
We use all modalities.
So we don't close our off to modality.
So we keep our minds open.
So natural, toad venom is natural.
So we keep our minds open to how to be successful.
So I think it's wrong not to look at data and not to be open-minded.
That's first thing.
I'm going to let Ryan answer on the nutraceutical side.
He and I are huge fans of vitamin D and some other things.
But I think stay open-minded.
Don't keep your mind closed.
It only hurts your gut.
your outcomes.
If you stay open-minded, look and stay open-minded, keep it open-minded.
Brian, hit that topic.

[SPEAKER_04]
Okay.
Vitamin D, vitamin D, vitamin D, vitamin C. And I say take it to bowel tolerance.
You'll know what that means.
So some people can take a thousand or 2000 milligrams a day.
Some people can't.
Some people can take 8,000 a day until they get the runs.
Then they have to back down.
Selenium.
Selenium activates your T cells to fight off viruses.
Adequate zinc for short bursts of time when you're sick.
Most people only need 10 or 15 milligrams of zinc a day with a milligram of copper.
If you take too much zinc, you will deplete your copper and you will deplete a lot of your enzymatic reactions in your body.
So vitamin D every day, 5,000 international units, no problem.
If you're going to take that, take a little vitamin K2 with it every day, several hundred micrograms of that.
The other important one, so you don't want to use these drugs that shall not be named.
Well, if you take Nigella sativa, black seed oil, it blocks binding of the spike protein.
The other thing that blocks binding of the spike protein in long haul patients, backs, injured or infected patients is dandelion leaf extract.
There are studies on them.
another important one, more important than any nutraceutical, any drug.
If you're sick with Omicron, you get some diluted salt water, you put in some povidine iodine drops, and you squirt it up your nose three to four times a day while you're infected.
And in 24 to 48 hours, there is no replicating virus.
Studies out of India, studies out of Germany show this.
So it's simple.
And you can gargle in the same and spit it out, or you can use
It has cetylpyridinium chloride in it, which is also antiviral by 99.99%.
So the first thing I would do, my daughters did this about two months ago when they got Omicron, nasal rinses with povidine, iodine, and salt rinse.
And simple as that.
And then boost your immune response, optimize with those other supplements I mentioned.
And I'm probably leaving the kajillion out because my brain's going too fast.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_06]
And I think I'll just add a little bit.
Might add in melatonin, it decreases NLRP3 and glamisones, you might do the N-acetylcysteine.

[SPEAKER_04]
Can I add something to that?
Go ahead.
Best source of melatonin.
Get outside in the sunshine.
Near infrared light will stimulate the melatonin inside your cells, not just your circulating melatonin.
So go ahead.
Just make sure you get outside.
Go ahead, Richard.
Sorry.

[SPEAKER_06]
There's a lot of things you do.
I'm a huge fan of vitamin K2.
So you're going to have your vitamin D up there.
Please get your vitamin K2.
It's the major mobilizer of calcium in the body.
Some of the good epidemiology, 50% decrease on stroke and heart attack, 83% improvement of bone fracture risk.
So it's really managing all the calcium.
High dose of vitamin D will increase your calcium levels, so make sure that's there too.
I think you hit a lot of the other things.
There are things, NAD is another important thing.
Ryan is also a big fan of that.
We've talked about some other,
Other things that are very interesting over the last couple of calls that we've had together, there are some products that are like vasoactive intestinal peptide.
We've had an interesting experience with one of our members that's been coming at us that that might be really good for people like chronic fatigue-like syndrome from this.
So there are other products, the transforming factor,
on if it's another thing.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, transfer factor.
Yeah, and that comes from Cal Colostrum.
Yeah, that one's good.
Or even just taking Colostrum, Cal Colostrum that has a lot of transfer factor in it.
There's so many things that, like Richard said earlier, we're constantly learning and observing and gleaning the literature.
So if you're injured, if you're long haul, don't give up hope because
There are those of us that aren't stuck in the, there's nothing you can do for this narrative that the government's preaching to keep people in fear and suppressed.
There are plenty of things you can do and not everything's going to work for you.
So it's trial and error.
And sometimes you have to just say, okay, I've tried this, this and this, but I'll be darned if you don't eventually find your silver bullet.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
And I just want to add to that too, because I'm seeing about five vaccinated patients a week.
It wasn't like three, but over the last,
It was three to five, now it's like five to seven.
So I'm seeing a lot of vaccine-injured people and we are finding that we have strategies that are working, but we're running into walls sometimes.
I work with Pierre, Corey, call Pierre, I mean, send and paste them sometimes when we're running out of ideas.
Ryan, myself, Paul Merrick, we're working real hard.
And we have others that are amazing, Dan Stock.
There's a lot of people there, Mary Bowden, there's a lot of Kat Lindley.
I can't tell you how many people are working on this.
And I just want you to know that there's a lot of products out there from a medical standpoint, we can go down.
I see somebody put down about flu box.
I mean, there's a lot of products and there's a lot of other natural products we haven't even hit on.
So I want you to know that we're just touching the tip of the iceberg.

[SPEAKER_07]
Great.
What can we do as individuals to help open the eyes of family, friends to the dangers of the vaccines without them shutting us off?

[SPEAKER_06]
I'm going to say this, it's very difficult to talk.
Ryan has a great quote.
Ryan, what's that quote?
It's easier to teach the unread than the read.

[SPEAKER_04]
Oh, yeah.
Mark Twain, the man who does not read has no advantage over the man who cannot read.

[SPEAKER_06]
And that's the problem.

[SPEAKER_04]
That's probably worse.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_06]
So what's happening when people have done that, it's really hard.
I think you just need to try.
My whole career has been full of trying to get
know where people are and try to go where they are and try to bring them where you want them to go.
So it's always important not to beat them over the head.
I think you can beat them over the head, but for most people that's not an effective technique.
So you have to find gentle ways, their family members, gentle ways to get there.
Now with each person it's a little different.
I just literally tried not to offend them.
First off, this is the first thing, because they're going to be offended with the information.
But I think I try to find ways.
So I always say, hey, it's not about this product.
It's just lipid nanoparticles go everywhere.
That scared me right off the bat.
Like, gosh, they go everywhere.
You know, God, the bone in my brain says, why don't I want a respiratory virus antibody in my brain?
My brain is not going to have respiratory viruses attacking it.
Respiratory viruses don't attack brains.
That's not what they do, right?
So 99% of respiratory virus in the respiratory system and gets into the body and stays in the bloodstream and doesn't get into the brain and the bone marrow and all these places we're talking about.
So now you have a product.
I usually start with that.
Hey, it's going everywhere.
Isn't that crazy?
And gosh.
Look at this, they don't even know how long it lasts for.
This stuff is making, they don't even know what the dose is.
If I give you one tablet of Tylenol, it's 500 milligrams, I know how much I gave you.
This time they give you a shot in your arm, 80% of it leaves, and then it's making this product for, hey, it's making it for, who knows, two months, maybe longer.
Isn't that crazy?
They don't even have a number on that.
And then you talk about, wow,
The spike protein is the disease and it causes it in COVID.
I say, don't be upset, but the spike is the disease.
What causes COVID?
95% of COVID is the spike.
That's been proven, Salk Institute.
So why do we want to take the disease, particularly to make sense?
And do you really want to decrease fertility in your children or grandchildren?
So the fertility stuff is very powerful.
So the data is there.
So go to where the data is.
Maybe they'll want to hear it, maybe not.
And say very gently, keep your voice soft.
Don't beat them over the head.
If they push you back, just give them some space.
That's how I do it.
That's how I do it in the office.
That's how I do it in clinic.
That's how I've done it my whole career.
But basically, when I have a patient who has cancer, I don't come in and say, you have cancer, you're going to die.
No, I say, hey,
You know, you've got lymphoma.
We've got a lot of things we can do.
We're going to have a lot of things we can do to help you and likely we're going to make, and I'm looking forward to working with you.
And then I go into what we're going to do and you say gentle and you basically present it with warmth.
And that's my thoughts.
My success has come with a gentle intellectual approach and that's worked really well for me.
But I always start where they are.
and try not to draw emotional responses and anger.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, good advice.
Very good advice.
Sort of a follow up on this with the new data coming out from studies, such as the new preprint from Thailand, of course, 13 to 17 year olds.
Are you starting to see changes in the attitudes of your more mainstream colleagues toward the vaccines?

[SPEAKER_04]
Little by little, little by little.
I think the nail in the coffin was the study out of Thailand this week, where literally 29% of the youth, and this was a prospect trial where they, after the second Pfizer shot, they measured blood markers, they measured blood pressure, heart rate, EKGs, et cetera.
One out of three of these children had a manifestation of heart injury.
One out of three.
So things like that where, again, to Dr. Ursa's point, where you can gently coax them and say, huh, would you really want to hurt the heart of a child?
And they're like, of course I would.
Well, can you maybe just look at this and tell me what you think?
A lot of my colleagues are waking up.
I wish they would be courageous with their words.
That's the challenge.
It's okay for them to recognize and they'll reach out and say, thanks for, you know, teaching and saying what you're saying, but we need them.
Yeah, maybe I should turn my video off.
I'm sorry.
I know I keep freezing here, but I wish they would say something too.
I wish they would step up, but they're waking up little by little.

[SPEAKER_06]
So I would agree with you.
They're waking up.
Definitely.
Many people are, my patients are, many of them are not getting their boosters.
The doctors are, are telling, I'm having other patients tell me their doctors said, Hey, once you hold off,
Why don't you wait?
I'm hearing that.
I did not hear that in the first year.
So this past like say three or four months is the first time I'm starting here.
And the patients are coming back to me and telling me, the docs are on the fence about this vaccine.
Many docs feel like something is not right.
As Ryan said, many people are not actually coming out and speaking aggressively, but we are seeing docs speaking to patients about it.
I had multiple patients today tell me,
Because I said, look, I'm a little bit concerned.
I don't want you to get any more boosters.
And they said, yeah, my family practitioners told me the same thing.
A lot of my patients already know where I stand.
And so I say it to every patient, A, I'm concerned about these vaccines.
And then I already know where they are.
Most of them, a lot of them have been with me 20 years more.
But the ones I don't, I say, I'm a little concerned about this.
What's going on?
And I spend time with every patient to actually have
a short discussion and it's basically to open their eyes and get them to think about what's happening and what they're doing and maybe, you know, to basically get them coaxed into start thinking more about this.
If I go in with a really aggressive approach, I will, you know, I won't win.

[SPEAKER_07]
Excellent.
OK, I've got I know we're running like long, but there's so many questions out there and you guys have been amazing.
I got four more questions and I better ask this one before Steve calls me right after this and ask me, did you ask Dr. Cole the question if anyone read Steve Kersh's Substack this week?
Actually today, the one he sent out for the for this webinar tonight, Dr. Cole at his Tennessee State Testimony said,
And of course, answer as you feel comfortable to answer this question.
But he had said, I am not anti vaccine, but I am pro science.
And so Steve's cursus challenge was that he didn't see a risk benefit for any vaccine.
Clearly, as an organization, we're very focused on the COVID-19 vaccines.
But as he's done a deep dive into talking with Andrew Wakefield and others, his question to Dr. Cole was,
you know, where's that risk benefit for any other vaccines and are you anti-vaccine?

[SPEAKER_06]
So I'm going to jump in on Ryan.
Sorry, Ryan.
So the answer to this is, you know, we have to look at everything individually and we haven't spent multiple, multiple hours on every single vaccination program to look at its effectiveness.
I'm very, very concerned that we've been hoodwinked on a lot of these products, very,
And I'm a little bit shocked that I'm saying that because my kids have had, I've six kids, they've had roughly about 300 vaccines.
And I'm kind of like looking at myself going, when was I asleep at the wheel?
Why didn't I look at the data?
So it's a hard question to answer because it's a data-driven question.
I think part of it is the lipid nanoparticle is such a nuclear weapon, right?
The messenger RNA lipid nanoparticle is such a nuclear weapon, it takes it to a new stratosphere.
Okay, we had, you know, we had,
bows and arrows, now we have cannons and nuclear bombs.
Lipid nanoparticle messenger RNA is our number one thing we have to combat as we move forward.
It is the planned way they're gonna move forward with all vaccines.
So I don't wanna take away from what Brian was gonna say, but I think it's necessary to look and say, look, we don't have to attack all vaccines because we don't have all the data.
Some people may, I don't, but I think it's really important
this platform is how they're gonna move forward to basically control the vaccination programs moving forward.

[SPEAKER_04]
Okay, I'll answer for myself now.
Yeah, you know, I had all my childhood vaccines.
The schedule wasn't as dense back then.
I had a lot of vaccines, Uncle Sam put into my arm when I was at the Air Force Academy.
Knowing what I know now, I wouldn't have a single vaccine.
So I have done that deep dive.
I have done the data.
I've done the research.
I've spent many hours now looking at how most of these came to market, knowing what I know now.
And did my children have all their shots other than these COVID ones?
Yeah, you bet they did.
I can't undo that, but I wish I knew back then what I know now.
I haven't had a flu shot since 1986.
So I can say that.
The last shot I had was maybe a tetanus 10 or 15 years ago.
And will I ever get another shot from these corrupt industries?
I won't.

[SPEAKER_06]
And I'm going to chime in just on that last thing.
I agree with what Ryan just said.
I actually feel very, I've always felt like I've had a good immune system.
I didn't have very many vaccines.
I'm 63.
I did get a Hep B vaccine.
It's the last one I had in the 90s.
I've kept my antibody levels up ever since.
I've never gotten a flu shot ever.
And I actually
looking back and knowing that I've always been kind of a holistic person since I was like 11 years old, I actually am surprised I let my kids get all these vaccines.
So, and trusting the data, I had worked in research 11 years in the eighties, in the nineties.
I didn't really think there was a lot of corruption.
I just didn't see it.
Maybe I was naive and young, but I do feel like there's no checks and balances.
The pharmaceutical industry is controlling the agencies in many ways through finance.
So you actually pay for
you know, a significant amount of their budget comes from them and then the relationships when people leave.
And so they're just basically the Fox watching the endings.
And I think that's the way it is.
And once you know that, you start looking at the data very differently.
And so I, too, will not be getting any more vaccines.

[SPEAKER_07]
Understand.
Thank you both for answering that so transparently.
This one's a personal one from Maria.
My son's soccer friend, 13 year old boy developed colitis two months after his second dose.
No one in his family has a history of that.
We are 100% sure it was the vaccine.
The doctor doesn't want to report it to VAERS.
What should the parents do?

[SPEAKER_04]
They can still report it to VAERS for one.
And then colitis, you know, that's a tough one.
And not just after these COVID shots, but kids develop colitis after some of the other shots as well.
Our good friend, Dr. Hazen, down in Southern California, it might be very worth getting a stool
genome sequence to see what bacteria are there and what may be missing, because sometimes you have to restore certain bacteria that get wiped out.
One of the most important ones is bifidobacteria.
If you drink kefir or take yogurt that has bifidobacteria in high quantities, you can partially restore your bifidobacteria.
we know the vaccine wipes out bifidobacteria.
It's one of the most important symbiotic bacteria in your GI tract.
That's one thing, low-dose naltrexone has amazing rebalancing abilities in some patients with Crohn's disease even.
Some small studies show two-thirds of Crohn's patients.
I have two local patients, a provider, I turned her on to low-dose naltrexone, reversed two patients Crohn's disease by colonoscopy and biopsy, no residual disease.
So that's another one I can consider.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, thank you.

[SPEAKER_06]
I'm going to say, I think the temporal relationship, of course, makes it feel like that's true.
The colitis is not uncommon.
Crohn's disease also could be exposure, potentially a small group of them are actually TB related.
And I work on a GI company board with Ryan.
So basically, this is something that the bifidobacterium component, we didn't talk about that earlier, we should have both mentioned it.
Bifidobacterium is a very important part of your microbiome.
I actually take supplements on a regular basis.
There's a way to sort of say the supplements may not fully work, but I do take probiotics and I make sure that they have high amounts of bifidobacterium bifidum.
And so that's another thing.
If you're long COVID, I think you need to do your best to repair your gut health.
That's a super important thing.
Lodox and ultrexone can help.
There are other ways to help.
I actually think there are dietary ways to help.
I won't discuss them here, but there are significant dietary ways to help your gut health.
And I think that's something that is a bigger, longer topic, but it's a great fun topic to talk about.

[SPEAKER_07]
Awesome.
Thank you.
So informative.
OK, two last quick things.
Any words from Ireland in your trip?
I know Global COVID Summit just went, what, less than two weeks ago.
You guys were there.
And how did that go?

[SPEAKER_06]
I'll say it was fantastic.
People there were fantastic.
They treated us like they were longtime friends, really warmed up to us.
I couldn't imagine that it would have been a better trip.
I didn't realize how small the island was.
It's very interesting and it's very provincial.
We had one of the greatest singers in Ireland come sing with us.
They stay up till three in the morning.
Ryan and I, that's pretty normal for us.
They pass the mic around after dinner and they're very good speakers.
Whiskey is there, Guinness Stout, great trip.

[SPEAKER_07]
Awesome.
What's next for GCS?
Do you guys have anything coming up?
Thoughts for the future?

[SPEAKER_04]
Right.
We have a big meeting coming up in St. Louis next week on the 25th, 26th, 27th.
We have one in Kentucky coming up beginning of October.
Another big one down in Florida on October 22nd.
We have one, Dr. Urso and I will be participating in a large, it's World Council for Health, but in Vienna, Austria.
That'll be mid-September as well.

[SPEAKER_06]
And then- Maybe a sneak peek.
How about a sneak peek?
We've got, we're working on something called a DMED and we're going to message, we're going to message the world on the way that Medscape and
WebMD doesn't message the world.
We're going to basically try to help in delivering health through telehealth services.
We're going to try to help in terms of pharmaceutical services and so on.
So we're going to try to be a partner with the disenfranchised that, you know, don't want to overpay for things.
And that's one of our goals is to deliver high quality, low cost health care.

[SPEAKER_04]
So, high quality trustable information as well.
So deem that stands for decentralized medicine.
So, if you go to global coven summit.
globalcovidsemit.org, you'll see a link to decentralized medicine and more to come.
There are going to be some pages up there soon.
All these things we're talking about now, as much as we talk prolifically, we will write prolifically as well.
So you can find these protocols.
You can find information on these things.
It's coming, be patient, but we're working on it because people ask me all the time and Steve asked me last week, where's your protocols?
What about all these blood tests?
What should we all be doing?
Because there's some great protocols out there, but there's not enough comprehensiveness.
Everybody's looking the blank and describing the elephant and we're missing the whole elephant.
So I'm going to try to put the elephant together for everybody.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, and I'm gonna say Ryan is the genius when it comes to figuring these things out.
He does a fantastic job and it helps us so much in trying to look forward and see how can we figure out what lab tests are the right lab tests and we just have to get that together for all of us.

[SPEAKER_07]
Awesome.
Well, Dr. Urso, Dr. Cole, you all are amazing.
We're so grateful you spent all this time with us tonight.
I know people come to our Odyssey and our Rumble channels to watch these replays.
I was looking back at the charts of the times that both of you were on before, and we've gotten thousands and thousands of replays and hits on on your talks.
So I know that people here tonight will see it here on Rumble and
here in zoom of course but it will be replayed for quite a while and so everyone this should be posted tomorrow if you want to pass it on to family friends and invite somebody new to the vsrf webinar to learn more and to this is how we uh inform people and gently say hey you have to check this out so um anyway thank you guys so much for being here with us tonight we have just a few more announcements but so appreciate your time thanks
I'll see you soon.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, thank you, Louisa.
And thank you to all your team and thanks to Steve.
I mean, what you guys are doing is amazing.
We're just grateful to be part of it.
So thank you.

[SPEAKER_06]
Thank you so much.
You and Steve and your team, Louisa, you've been you've been at it for the whole the whole time.
So thank you so much.
Thanks for having us.
We really appreciate it.

[SPEAKER_02]
Thank you.
