[UNKNOWN]
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_09]
Breaking news.
Pharmaceutical giant Pfizer just announced moments ago that its coronavirus vaccine is 95% effective in trials.

[SPEAKER_10]
The Food and Drug Administration just approved this for an emergency use authorization that appears to be 95% effective.

[SPEAKER_06]
It tested more than 43,000 people.
Incredible efficacy.
95% for this vaccine blew us out of the water in terms of our expectations.

[SPEAKER_02]
and it has now passed the gold standard of safety.

[SPEAKER_10]
We will have started distributing millions of doses of safe and effective vaccine to begin protecting our most vulnerable across America.

[SPEAKER_06]
95% effective sounds impressive, but was it misleading?
To most of us, it sounds like if we vaccinate 100 people, five would still get COVID.
But that's not what it means.
It means this.
Out of the entire Pfizer trial group of about 44,000 volunteers, a tiny portion got COVID, 162 in the placebo group and eight in the vaccine group.
Comparing these two groups, there was a 95% reduced risk of getting COVID if you got the vaccine.
So the vaccine was hailed as 95% effective.
But this isn't the whole story.
Another 3410 trial subjects also developed symptoms but tested negative for COVID.
So Pfizer excluded them.
But we know that PCR tests for COVID-19 are often wrong.
False negative rates have been recorded at 54%, 20 to 66%, to 67%, especially when done as soon as symptoms appear as they were done here.
If those cases had been included too, vaccine efficacy drops to 19%, far below the 50% needed for FDA approval.
The vaccines would not have been approved.

[SPEAKER_03]
I'm announcing tonight
A new plan to require more Americans to be vaccinated to combat those blocking public health.
President Biden issuing his most aggressive COVID vaccine effort to date.

[SPEAKER_05]
And the new mandate.
Affects 84 million private sector workers.

[SPEAKER_08]
Vio Sanchez, executive producer at the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation, and thank you for joining us on Rumble this evening.
We just watched a scene from the documentary film, The Unseen Crisis.
I'll be talking with the film's producer and director, Cindy Drucker, and producer and husband, Jan Jekielek, who is also the Epoch Times senior editor and host of the show, American Thought Leaders.
Our very own nurse Angela Wulbrecht is featured in the film along with VSRF founder Steve Kirsch.
Angela will be joining us later to discuss her experience along with the experiences of those injured by the COVID vaccine featured in the Unseen Crisis.
As many of you know, nurse Angela on our VSRF team had over 24 years of experience as a registered nurse when she took the COVID mRNA injection in early 2021 and immediately experienced a long list of severe adverse reactions.
Angela received excellent medical care and is one of the fortunate few to make a full recovery.
She now devotes her time to helping others who are vaccine injured.
If you have questions for her, please send them by email to nurseangela at vac safety dot org.
That's nurseangela at VAC SAFETY dot org.
Great news.
Steve Kirsch returns to the show next week in his substack today.
I'm going to bring up a picture of it.
In his substack today, he covers the news that San Diego State University in California is just the latest college to mandate the students take the brand new COVID booster shots to attend school, which were tested only on a handful of mice.
So the university is forcing healthy young people to take more experimental injections to prevent what is basically a cold or a flu.
Despite the harms already well documented from the first shots, we at VSRF will not let up until this kind of reckless policy with regard to the health of young college students is stopped.
And now, while many organizations have moved on from COVID-19, we will remain steadfast in fighting back against the next wave of all COVID mandates.
We need your support to do this, now more than ever.
We are a non-profit 501c3 organization and we rely solely on donations to keep going.
Also, we continue to work with Patmos, hosting to produce a digital guide that everyone can access to resist COVID mandates this fall and winter.
From hospitals refusing early treatment, to schools trying to put our kids in masks, to small businesses being threatened with closure, stay tuned for our online guide.
We will never comply.
You can support our efforts by going to our website at vacsafety.org slash donate.
We'll put the link in the chat.
Another way to support VSRF Live Broadcast is to become a sponsor of our show, like one of our avid listeners and VSRF supporter, Steve Snyder.
Steve Snyder's sponsorship gift is helping us to cover production, promotional, and operating expenses.
I've spent some time with Steve in Boston.
He's a great gentleman.
Thank you, Steve, for more on VSRF Live sponsorship opportunities.
Visit our website and hit the donate tab.
Now then I'm going to move on to another story that I want to quickly discuss as I can share my screen here.
Here we go.
Got it up.
As you all know, Rumble has become an increasingly important platform for independent journalists, for our health freedom movement, and for anyone who wishes to express an opinion that isn't aligned with official narratives, whether about health, the war in Ukraine, elections, or any other big issue of the day.
And it appears that Rumble is increasingly in the crosshairs of the establishment now.
Recently, a big story hit about Russell Brand being demonetized on YouTube over unsubstantiated allegations from his past, which I'm not going to get into tonight.
He has millions of followers and has been openly critical of government and corporate narratives.
As you can see the letter on the screen, the latest is this letter sent by a committee member of the British Parliament to the CEO of Rumble, Chris Pavlosky, urging Rumble to demonetize Mr.
Brand as well.
Mr. Pavlosky emphatically rejected the UK Parliament's demands.
As you all know, we have moved over to Rumble exclusively for VSRF Live.
We will continue to monitor this story as it may have an impact on all of our First Amendment rights.
Now then, I want to remind everyone that we will have a live Q&A for our guests and for Nurse Angela later in the show.
Put your questions in the chat and you can use the Super Chat feature as well by making a small donation to VSRF and we'll do our very best to get your questions answered.
Now I'm going to introduce our guests.
Let's bring them on the show.
We've got first Cindy Drew Care.
She is a veteran journalist, editor and producer with a master's degree in political science and a keen sense of curiosity.
Cindy naturally turned to journalism, which has been her passion for almost two decades.
First in print, now TV and film.
The Unseen Crisis is Cindy's second film and debut as a director.
Very impressive directorial debut.
Cindy also co-produced and was featured in the award-winning film Finding Manny, a surprisingly uplifting Holocaust documentary about her own father's survival story.
Alongside Cindy, you'll see and probably recognize Jan Jekielek.
Jan started out as an evolutionary biologist studying wildlife in the Canadian Arctic and Madagascar.
I'm going to ask about that.
Now, also the host of American Thought Leaders, the popular boundary breaking long form interview show on Epic TV.
Jan is also senior editor at Epic Times, specializing in China related issues, disinformation, propaganda and media bias.
Jan co-produced the feature Finding Manny and the Unseen Crisis.
Jan, Cindy, welcome to VSRF Live.

[SPEAKER_07]
Thank you, Livio.
Very happy to be here.

[SPEAKER_11]
It's great to be here.
And I think we need to actually hire you to do our bios for CAPES.
These are really good.

[SPEAKER_08]
I was going to ask you how I do because you guys are major professionals at this.
So I'm a little bit under the spotlight under you guys.
So thank you.

[SPEAKER_07]
Can you send it over later?
It's good.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.
And I've got the first question that I want to ask you guys is, what is the first question you like to ask your subjects?
And you guys can decide who goes first on that one.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, well, I mean, I can dive in because no, it actually varies.
I don't I don't have a canned single way of approaching that.
Basically, I try to figure out, you know, what is it about the what is it that I know about the purpose, the person that I that fascinates me, you know, you hear instead of people that watch American thought leaders know that I like to use the word fascinating, I only use it when I'm serious.
Right.
And of course, I always try to pick fascinating guests.
And so I try to zero in on that and ask a question question related to that, because I figure it'll be interesting, right?
Not just to me, but to everybody.

[SPEAKER_08]
How about you, Cindy?

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, I also don't have a pat first question.
And of course, it also depends on what kind of interview I'm doing.
You know, it was great doing the interviews for the documentary because I mostly got to spend like, you know, whole days or half days with people and really get into things.
Uh, when I have my shows, um, you know, I I'm doing more current affairs.
So usually start with the news of the day, but I always want to figure out what makes, you know, what makes people tick, but just what, you know, what do they know that other people don't know and try to get to that as quickly as I can.

[SPEAKER_08]
Excellent.
I always have to start with what's your name?
So I have it since I'm an editor as well.
I want to know who it is for later for editorial.
So I always start with like your name.

[SPEAKER_07]
Hopefully I know that part already.

[SPEAKER_08]
Right.
Just in case.
I want to go back into how you guys
joined or weren't got involved with NTD News and Epic Times is, and then I want to go even further back, but let's start there.
How did you first find Epic Times or they found you and ETD and NTD News?

[SPEAKER_07]
So I don't know if you, I was gonna say, I don't know if you said this part, but we're married and all of that is very tied together.
So Jan, I'll let you,
start the story and see what happens.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, it is actually kind of interesting how it's all played out.
I mean, we've been married for how long is it now, Cindy?
Is it 19 years, 19 years in the media?
I think that's interesting.
The media has been so so closely tied to our to our whole
I guess story but no so I was you know you mentioned that I have a specialization in China and that's indeed what I focused on for a lot of my time at epoch.
But I started and you mentioned this earlier working and you know wildlife and evolutionary biology.
I studied lemurs and I worked in Madagascar.
The last time I came back from the field, to make a long story short, I ended up getting very sick with something that some of your viewers may be familiar with.
It's a syndrome called Guillain-Barre syndrome.
It's actually one of the few things that's officially
you know, associated with these COVID genetic vaccines, but also some other vaccines.
And that certainly never, none of this ever occurred to me.
I mean, this was back in 1999 that I experienced this.
And, you know, and as many of you know, if you're familiar with it, there was no real treatment for it unless you have a really serious case.
I have kind of a
somewhat serious case, but it was never like a deathly thing for me.
But it basically killed my career because I kind of lost my reflexes, I couldn't do my fine motor skills, I had double vision, this kind of thing.
And basically a lot of the fine work that I was doing also as the molecular biology part of my work.
I couldn't really do anymore.
And all these partnerships I'd created around the world evaporated.
To make a long story short, I healed myself in a very unconventional way.
And this is what introduced me to the Chinese reality.
So I had met this guy who had had chronic fatigue syndrome.
And he basically told me there's this Chinese meditation that I tried and it helped me.
And this was the Falun Gong meditation, which some of you may be familiar with through the fact that it's
very heavily persecuted by the Chinese communist regime.
I didn't know about any of that.
I was just trying these slow motion exercises, starting to think about truthfulness, compassion, tolerance.
These are the principles of the practice.
And I just started feeling better.
And without really thinking too much about it, a couple of months later, I went to my neurologist.
She says,
You're in complete remission.
Congratulations.
I don't know what you're doing.
Keep doing what you're doing.
And I was, you know, I hadn't fully grasped what had happened, but I was feeling great.
And, you know, everything came back.
And so, and along the way I had sort of committed myself to,
I guess to service, I don't know those of you who have had experiences with your own mortality, sometimes you speak to the big guy and you say, I'm gonna do better, right?
And that's kind of what I did.
And I said, I dedicate my life to service.
And these people in China,
They obviously needed help because they were being persecuted incredibly unjustly.
And that's what got me kind of educated on China human rights issues.
Now, I'm going to get Cindy, I think, to dive in here in a moment.
But basically, we ended up, to make a long story short,
I got a job in Thailand.
I won't go into the details how that happened.
And it happened, and we had just been married.
Cindy had actually lived and worked in Thailand for a number of years before that and actually spoke Thai.
So I went out into the countryside to do my work.
She was in Bangkok and there she discovered this underground railroad bringing Chinese dissidents to the religious dissidents out through the Golden Triangle.
So Cindy, why don't you dive into this part of the story?
I'd love to hear how you remember it.

[SPEAKER_07]
Um, exactly.
So there's this underground railroad.
So there's, you know, Chinese coming out of China into Thailand so they can apply for refugee status because it's the closest country, you know, where you can do that.
And so some work that Jan and I started doing in the China human rights space was helping them turn, you know, there'd be, they would write their story to apply to the UN and it would be in, you know, translated roughly and we'd try to work with them to turn it into something comprehensible for the UN.
And the stories were just insane.
A lot of them were, you know, Falun Gong practitioners that they had, you know, they were thrown into forced labor camps simply because they did the practice and it was decided, you know, it was scheduled to be eradicated.
And they were just, I mean, their stories were ridiculous.
And these were people that are just like, just trying to be good people, you know, live by truth, must compassion, tolerance and be better people.
And we were writing them for the UN, but like the world needs to know these too.
And it was right about then that the Epoch Times started.
It actually first started as a Chinese language media to be exposed to the crimes against humanity going on in China, but not long before this an English version started.
And so they were the only ones interested in these stories because at the time everyone was still like, China's the darling.
And then more we engage with them, the more democratic they will be and they'll become more like us, which of course didn't happen.
The opposite happened.
We become more totalitarian like them.
Not that bad, but the road is there.
So that's how we got involved with Epoch Times.
This is in early 2005.
And so we're in Thailand and we started writing these stories, started doing other reporting.
That was a year the tsunami happened right after Christmas.
If anyone remembers, so went down to the south of Thailand, did some reporting on that.
But, you know,
Yeah, basically started working with the Epoch Times that way and have been working with them ever since.
And NTD is the sister medium or the television side of Epoch Times.
So I worked for Epoch Times for 12 years and in the last five years, I guess, been working more on the television side and starting to get into things like this.
So that's, that's how it all started.
And we've both done a variety of roles over those years as, you know, as the,
paper media has grown and grown in size and influence.
And you know, the early days, it was very small fledgling.
It's been a nonprofit all the way through, you can imagine what early days trying to launch something like that would be like.

[SPEAKER_11]
The other thing I'll just jump in is we're both Canadian, so we bring in a little bit of the Canadian perspective into everything.

[SPEAKER_07]
Whether we like it or not.

[SPEAKER_08]
That must keep you calm.
Have you been approached by some legacy media or to try to be pushed?
Because your aesthetic is so great.
It's so high level, high end.
I love the look of everything and you're so

[SPEAKER_07]
Just it rivals any of the legacy media's have they approached you either you person to come over to the dark side Not really, I mean, you know, you get some LinkedIn messages now and then that kind of thing But no one's ever, you know hardcore tried to to pitch me.
Anyway, I don't know about yeah, but you know, I
Maybe, you know, Epoch Times and NTD tend to be, tend to report truthfully no matter what.
And a lot of that truth, particularly in last few years, seems to be counter, you know, mainstream media narratives.
So perhaps they're less interested in us for that reason.

[SPEAKER_08]
Did that happen by choice?
Like how did you keep that line?

[SPEAKER_11]
I'll tell you about that.
It's actually very interesting.
I can't remember the exact date, but I remember when it happened.
There's this moment that you have in your life, and I think a lot of people that might be watching will have to have this moment.
You see something, you realize that a big story has been a lie.
And the moment that you realize that, your world changes and you can't unsee what you just saw.
You see it and you can't unsee it.
It's, I suppose, you know, some people call it taking the red pill, right?
But so the way, what happened to me, and frankly, a number of us at the Epoch Times at the same time, was this, you know, 2015, the way this was, you know, the Trump candidacy for president.
And just at one moment, what happened was all of the legacy media, I prefer to use the term legacy media, suddenly started speaking in the same language, the same headlines, the same vision, the same talking points.
Seen this before I've been watching Chinese Communist Party media for ages, which work exactly that way, except they're highly coordinated throughout, you know, central propaganda agency, and so forth.
But you know, we just this had no, frankly, frame of reference for seeing that in
you know, American media, like we knew there were some, so this was the thing, we knew they were not reporting correctly on China.
And there were all sorts of incentive structures set up to make that happen.
So in some ways, we even sympathized with them to some extent.
But our job was to tell the truth about China.
But when this happened, and we saw them behaving this way, and part of it was the way they were reporting was obviously
frankly, preposterous.
It was bizarre.
We kind of had no choice.
I went and talked to some of our other editors.
Are you seeing what I'm seeing?
Yeah, I'm seeing it.
What are they doing?
I don't know.
This is super weird.
This whole Russia collusion stuff from the very beginning, it didn't hold water.
I have
some of our papers from that very early years where we knew in a pre Mueller investigation where it was clear that that something really fishy was going on.
So, you know, anyway, that's where it started.
But then it turned out that these types of narratives didn't just exist in this one area, but all over the place.
And so we just we just kind of stuck with doing it the old fashioned way.
I don't know, Cindy, maybe you want to jump in?

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, I mean, what I would add to that is, to be honest, we've just
we've never done anything differently, right?
So, you know, we started out our focus is China and you're just reporting truthfully, regardless of what propaganda is, you know, what's going on there.
And that's just the MO and that's always been our MO.
We only, you know, report, especially, you know, outside of China sources are a lot easier.
You only report, you know, what you can verify.
And we've just kind of stuck to that line.
And so if other people start reporting things that are completely unverified and they all kind of go with it, it's like, you look at it and like, that's strange.
I don't understand what's going on,
You know, we just keep reporting the way we always have.
And like, you know, coming to the COVID stuff and the vaccines, for example, when vaccine injury started to emerge, obviously this is a big story that everyone should care about and would be reporting, you would think, since we were all, you know, pushed to get the vaccine.
It couldn't be more of public interest and relevance to a huge audience, but nobody was reporting it.
In fact, they were, you know, denying that it exists.
So people are like, oh, you're so brave, you know, for doing this film or doing this reporting, that kind of thing.
And it's like, it doesn't take bravery.
It's just doing normal, what should just be normal journalism, right?
And talking about normal things.
So it's, it's, it's funny, like, it never strikes me as as brave or even
like needing to step out of, you know, raise your head.
It's just like doing what the job is.
It's very, and it, you know, with so many issues that COVID, you know, it's not just the vaccines, it's everything about COVID was like that.
So yeah, that's, we were born to expose the truth, tell the truth, no matter what we've been, you know, attacked constantly since the media was born by the CCP.
So we're,
impervious to this sort of intimidation and censorship and all of these things.
We just keep doing what we always have done.

[SPEAKER_11]
If I may, it was kind of a silver lining in the end, the fact that we've been canceled since inception in various ways.
We had to come up with all sorts of methods to deal with that.
So by the time it happened that we started getting canceled in America by Americans,
I mean, it was shocking and heartbreaking, frankly, and even talking with some of the Chinese, Chinese American founders and so forth, you know, just unbelievable.
But but we kind of knew we've seen we'd seen it before.
We kind of knew we were spunky.
We had to pivot quickly, you know.
So there was a silver lining to that, you know, type of persecution.
We kind of knew what to do, I guess.
It's tough, though.
It doesn't change that.

[SPEAKER_08]
So when you were canceled, you're in a self-contained environment right now on your website, right?
Were you on other platforms that canceled you or and how are you being attacked by the legacy media?

[SPEAKER_11]
Well, there's been multiple attacks by legacy media, even rumor has it there's another one coming, so to speak.
But the biggest one had to do with getting us demonetized off of Facebook.
We were one of the first very high profile.
So we had invested a lot of time and energy into Facebook.
We had tens of millions, we still do, of Facebook followers across a whole variety of pages.
And we were driving to the tune of billions of video views a month and things like that.
So Facebook was a huge tool for us.
And it was also a very effective way of getting subscribers.
So subscribers are our lifeblood.
We're like, we're 95%.
based on a recent, you know, a nonprofit disclosures funded by individual subscribers.
So we need those subscribers and Facebook was a very, very powerful tool for that.
But, you know, basically, we were we were attacked and as a result, demonetized and that kind of cut off one of our most potent or, you know, sort of effective ways of marketing our subscriptions.
Yeah, and that was back in 2019.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, I can empathize in that I was working in the legacy media and all kinds of different platforms and roles.
And when the COVID hit, I started actually telling friends about the virus that was coming because they were all paying attention to Kobe Bryant and the Grammys at the time.
I was saying you might want to get some masks because I was following what was going on and they would mock me about, you don't need masks.
And fast forward when the mandates were starting to come, I tried to recruit some of my former colleagues to go down to DC with me and cover the event.
and people I had really wonderful working relationships with.
So I started calling people to either do a camera or sound or do some editing and it was stunning to me how they would say, yeah, I want to work with you.
What are you working on?
Well, I'm going to this rally in DC and no less than six or seven people said,
Yeah, no, I can't work on that.
And at the time I just didn't understand why they weren't curious, why they wouldn't wanna go find out and see for themselves what was happening.
So that was jarring from that standpoint.
So I wanna hear from you, your COVID experience when it started, cause it was coming from Wuhan and China, what was your experience reporting on it as it was coming to the US?
and the rest of the world, and then the transition to the vaccines.

[SPEAKER_07]
Do you want to start with the Wuhan lab, Stephian?

[SPEAKER_11]
Sure.

[SPEAKER_07]
That was our focus at the beginning.

[SPEAKER_11]
Well, so we have insider sources in China, quite a few of them.
That's been our area of expertise for obvious reasons.
Initially, we had official journalists in China, but about 20 of them were all arrested, given some of them 10-year sentences.
for doing that so everything kind of went underground on the china side but you know a lot of good information and there are two things that we knew and this is one of the things that you know a lot of people today still argue with me about but we had a lot of you know as good data as you can get out of china where statistics mean nothing
I mean, literally, like they don't even know themselves, because the incentive structures work as such, that everyone kind of lies along the way to sort of fit whatever narratives are the ones that are not going to get them fired or scrutinized too much or whatever, right?
We knew that there was a high death toll in China, and that was real, right?
But there was, you know, there's these numbers saying there's five, you know, there's a, you know, handful of people
dying in China, and then the line stops.
It was just, it was completely preposterous.
So we knew that was real.
Very early on, you know, my background is evolutionary biology.
It was very clear to us, very, we made a documentary in April of 2020, where we just basically looked at, you know, the fact that this virus is coming out of Wuhan, Wuhan as a lab, which is working on precisely, you know, these types of manipulating these types of viruses.
Anyway, it was a very simple documentary.
It was looks like a duck, walks like a duck, quacks like a duck.
It's probably a duck, or it could be someone getting hit by lightning in the head five times in a row in exactly the same spot.
It could be, but it's more likely a duck.
That was the documentary and, you know, of course it was incredibly popular and also incredibly banned, you know, and you can't even write this stuff.
But one of the people that wrote the fact check on this documentary was actually someone who worked with the Wuhan Institute of Virology.
So anyway, that's what we were actually, for me personally, I don't know, Cindy, you can weigh in here.
I was a bit distracted.
From the fact that these lockdown policies are coming in, we were in one of these special groups that weren't subject to the lockdowns because we were in media.
So my personal life didn't change that much.
I kept going to the office.
I got COVID early, I knew I had natural immunity, you know, and there are many things like this.
But so kind of life went on, interviews became virtual, but still very much focused on the virus origins question, right, because it was so suspicious.
And there was this unusually high death toll in China, which I still don't fully frankly understand, given that the virus that came here wasn't nearly as seemingly as bad as what it looked like happened over there.
But anyway, Cindy, if you can jump in,

[SPEAKER_07]
Well, I would say another tact, another angle on the story that was kind of apparent to us and maybe less so to others at the beginning is that the lockdown policies were just mirroring China, right?
So it was clear that China had some sort of hold on the WHO.
I remember, so I remember it was February, 2020.
And the first cases were just appearing here, right?
It was in some seniors homes on the West coast.
And then there was,
you know, a couple cases, it was in DC area, and they had just done this fact, the WHO had just, you know, done this fact-finding, you know, mission to China, and it was led by a Canadian doctor, led the team, and they came back, and I remember the press release, the press conference when it was happening, and a reporter asked after, you know, the reporting, you know, that basically what the CCP, what they were doing in China was very effective in locking people down, and that's the way to deal with this, and someone asked,
Um, you know, shouldn't you be quarantining and why aren't you wearing a mask?
Why you just came back from China?
Why are you interacting with us like this?
And the answer was, this is by the lead of this team that went for fact-finding, his answer was, oh, well, we didn't go to any of the dangerous infection areas and we didn't talk to anyone who was directly infected.
I was like, so what were you doing?
You went there supposedly on a fact-finding mission and you saw nothing firsthand.
So all you're reporting to us is what the CCP wanted you to know and report back.
right and then we start instituting lockdowns and I really feel that if it if this thing hadn't started in China and we know it wouldn't have got you know if it started in a lot of other countries and they contained it quickly and early things wouldn't have gotten as far as they did right but let's pretend it just started you know in some random you know western liberal country where they didn't occur to them to lock down the population probably the world would not have gone into lockdown but somehow we just adopted
you know, this draconian kind of CCP approach and, and, you know, lots of conspiracy theories around why all the leaders of all these countries at lockstep, you know, decided to make this decision despite, you know, good advice from people who, you know, really know what they're talking about, like the Great Barrington Declaration, you know, doctors, but that, so that was kind of another early observation because we, we knew China so well and we could tell they, you know, the WHO was totally captured by them that they were, you know, driving this narrative.
that nothing transparent was coming out of China, that we didn't know, we just had to nod and believe how you should deal with it, how bad it is, et cetera, et cetera.
So I'd say that was kind of our early take on things.

[SPEAKER_08]
And so then after the first wave of COVID, then the talk of the early treatments started coming out like the hydroxychloroquine and then the ivermectin.
How were you reporting on that since it was being demonized by the legacy and all of the three-letter agencies?

[SPEAKER_11]
So I had Dr. Steven Hatfield on pretty early on, and he was talking about the plausible mechanism that hydroxy would have in helping ward off the virus.
I don't think I did a ton on the early treatment, but for me, the big shift was actually when I was doing, I wanted to find out what was happening in Florida.
And, you know, Florida obviously took a very different approach to COVID.
And I, you know, legitimately, I was able to get in touch with Governor Ron DeSantis and spend some time with him.
And we actually did a documentary on this.
This is another one of the films out of our little production company, Florida, DeSantis Florida versus lockdowns.
But in that process, he introduced me to some of the people that he had
communicated with, namely, you know, Jay Bhattacharya, one of the great Barrington Declaration authors, and then also Scott Atlas, who was one of his advisors, of course.
And Scott, you have these moments in your life when everything changes, right?
And this was, so the way I viewed the lockdown policy, I looked at it as there's a cost-benefit
And in this case, it seems like the cost of the lockdown is much greater than the benefit.
And so Scott said to me, and I think this is actually on camera, no, there is no benefit.
I was like, Scott, what are you talking about?
How can there be no benefit?
And then he explains it to me.
There's no benefit.
It's all cost.
And it's like, how could we possibly have adopted policy like that?
And he explained it to me, roughly.
And that completely changed my outlook and frankly the direction of the show because I now had to understand how is it that we went insane and picked really, really terrible policies to follow.
And, you know, in all sorts of areas, and that included into the, as it turns out, you know, this this technology, the various genetic technologies that were used for the for COVID vaccines, which turned out to be, you know, kind of not made a very, very what you call a hot vaccine, right, with a lot more harms than than should be than should be allowed.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_07]
You know what I think I do you remember when Steve Kirsch was on
Uh, Dark Horse on Weinstein's podcast with, um, Robert Malone.
I remember seeing that and I instantly reached out to Dr. Robert Malone.
I had him on my show, you know, a couple of days later.
And then Jan, you had him a short time after that.
And that was, yeah, also the start of, you know, deep dive into all of these things.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, that, that leads to the, the actual vaccines themselves.
And when Cindy, did you start to encounter the unseen, the vaccine injured?

[SPEAKER_07]
Trying to remember, to be honest, I, it might've been around center on Johnson's first round table.
I think, I think I'd heard, I'd seen things on social media, no things popped up, but I watched all of that.
And that's when I was like, okay, this, this is,
this is big and, you know, far reaching and people need to know about it.
So I, yeah, for whatever reason in my feeds, I was seeing, you know, stories of individuals and it was still like, you know, Angela can attest to this, all of you, I'm sure a lot of people can attest to this.
They're coming up, you don't know it personally, they're instantly getting vilified or questioned or, you know, all of that.
And yeah, I remember watching that round table
And, you know, that was, when was that?
When was that first one?

[SPEAKER_08]
I want to say it was a year and a half ago now.

[SPEAKER_07]
It's been, I don't remember when in 2021.
I should know.

[SPEAKER_11]
Oh, I was just gonna say, do you remember when that rally, were you talking about the DC rally or the LA rally?

[SPEAKER_08]
The first one, the DC rally before the LA rally.

[SPEAKER_11]
Because that was, I think that at that rally was when I met the Daguerreys and I think we had Stephanie and Maddie on American thought leaders around that time.
So for me, that was around the time where I first started interacting with people who had been injured.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, same here.
That's where I met Maddie and and many others in DC and it it was very real at that point seeing and meeting the Those people that had an adverse reaction Well, you mentioned Angela I want to play another clip from your film Cindy and let's dive into the unseen and then I'll bring Angela on so here Here is another scene from the film featuring Angela Wohlbrecht

[SPEAKER_04]
Unfortunately, I've been to this hospital many times by ambulance.
I don't have a whole lot of memory of much of it other than it was emergencies I had.
This place is pretty traumatizing.
I have a lot of PTSD being here, especially as a nurse and a mother, knowing how sick I was.
I spent all of my days writing her letters in case I didn't make it, because I didn't think that I would.
And I think probably that was the hardest part of this whole vaccine injury was leaving a 12-year-old little girl behind without a mother.
I wrote her a letter.
And I haven't actually looked at this since I wrote it because it's pretty traumatizing for me, but I will try my best.
So this was, my vaccine was on the 19th of January.
This was Valentine's Day.
Dear Ella, I want to let you know on Valentine's Day that you are the love of my life.
I prayed so hard that dad would not have to give you this letter.
I just want you to know how sorry I am that you are reading this.
I never thought my body would react this way to the vaccine and I thought it was the right thing to do.
I fought so hard because my greatest fear was leaving you.
I never wanted to do this to you and I hoped I die a little old lady so I could watch you grow and be there for you as you journey through life.
I know this is going to be very hard for you, but you are strong and you are resilient.
Even though I'm not physically here, I will always live on in your heart.
I am part of you and that will not die.
I want you to go live your life and experience all it has to offer.
I've taught you so much in this short time that you can carry with you forever.
My greatest advice is to always be kind and compassionate and love with all your heart.
I loved you with all my heart and it is what it gave me the most happiness.

[SPEAKER_08]
time.
Angela, welcome to the show.
And that's just heartbreaking.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yes, I promised that I would not cry.
I've shed so many tears.
It's it was brutal.
And I honestly, I was not even planning on ever reading that letter.
I wrote that when I was so incredibly sick.
And I remember, you know, I had so many 911 calls.
And one of them in particular
I had the father of my daughter here and this episode just would happen where I would stop.
I couldn't breathe.
I would turn pale.
My O2 stats would drop.
And I said, I don't even have time to call 911.
Let's just get in the car.
I need to get to the hospital.
I think I'm going to die.
And so at that point I realized this was just so out of control.
Even though I was getting great care, they couldn't figure out what was going wrong with my body.
At the time, I was doing a living will and a trust in my 40s thinking that this was the end.
I also wanted to write my daughter a letter.
I tucked it away and I brought it to the interview, but I really wasn't planning on ever reading that.
It was just awful.
I don't even remember what I had written.
Cindy and Jan's crew, Epic Times crew and NTD News, they were so comforting.
And it was so incredible to be with this family of people where I felt so safe.
And I think we had to do that scene, Cindy, maybe, I don't know, five, six, seven times, because the first time I read it, it was just like I was shaking.
I couldn't believe.
It just brought me back to that state of really not believing.
And having been a trauma nurse and seeing
you know, thousands of people die in my career, I know what death looks like.
And it felt very real to me that I was not going to get through this.
And so it was such a great process to go through.
And the documentary was so powerful because
I felt at home and I felt safe and these people, I didn't even realize people were around us filming.
They were like family to me.
And I was able to process that trauma in reading that letter.
And I just thank you so much, Cindy and Jan, for that opportunity for showing
these stories of these real people and such a truthful documentary.
Nobody can ever go back and criticize and say, that's not true.
That wasn't real.
Everything is verifiable, documented.
And the people in this documentary are from all walks of life.
We have our Brooke Jackson, who's our whistleblower.
We have
who was in the clinical trials and injured.
We have Bob Snow, who's a pilot who was just flying with 300 plus people who could have harmed people because of that.
We have a doctor who's also a military whistleblower and Nikki Holland, who is a medical worker.
I'm a nurse.
Just real people that wanted to do the right thing, that wanted to
help end this pandemic and get out of this mess and do what was asked of us.
And so the way they did this documentary was just so beautiful and it meant so much to all of us.
And I know people all around the world that have watched it.
Even people that are pro-vaccine are like, oh my gosh, I didn't even realize.
I think we had somebody in the audience in the screening in New York or Cincinnati said, God, I didn't realize.
I thought that the
the injuries were just kind of like a sore arm and you were sick and flu-like symptoms.
I didn't realize that they were that bad.
And so this documentary was so powerful because it showed these people and the horrific effects of what this vaccine has done and the lives that it's destroyed.
And also the fact that in my circumstance, you know, I did have immediate excellent care and potentially we could have prevented all of these people
from being permanently damaged or, you know, lifelong of horrific effects, if we would have just taken care of them and instead of made it so political and kept them and kept them kind of silent and de-platform them, we could have actually truly gotten them care and healed them.
So it's an amazing documentary and I can't thank you both enough for the work that you do.
What is so wonderful when you are vaccine injured is to have people like you and people like BSRF, you know, you guys aren't vaccine injured and I'm the only one on the team that is.
But to have people who are not injured, who love us so much and care so much about us, to kind of be our advocates, because most of the time, most of these people are so sick, they can't even advocate for themselves.
that is the heart of our country.
As Americans, we're supposed to love each other and take care of each other and care for people that need help.
And so that's what Epoch Times and NTD News and VSRF is for me and many of the other organizations that are fighting for us.
So I really honestly could not have gotten through my vaccine injury without all of you and VSRF.
It's been one of the most wonderful things that I've ever been able to do as a nurse.
I wore a lot of hats in my nursing career, but by far this has been the hardest, yet the most rewarding.
So thank you.
Thank you so much.
Thank your team.
I don't know, most people don't get to go behind the scenes with Epic and with NTD News, but their entire crew is just the most incredible, loving,
nurturing, you know, even the camera crew, the camera had the crew had to come out a second time.
I filmed down in LA with Maddie, who was going to school, not Maddie Daguerre, but Maddie Johnson, who was going to med school when she got injured.
And then they also actually came back up here a second time.
And I felt like I had, you know, my family, my brother's sisters, mother's parents with me.
So you guys have the most amazing team I
You're the only news that I follow.
The only, you know, I can't even watch Fox News.
I obviously don't watch, you know, CNN or any of those, but I just, I think you guys are truly incredible.
And I encourage everybody to go out there and watch it, to subscribe to Epoch Times.
Like I said, it's all that I read because I know that you guys really do your due diligence in making sure that you're reporting truthfully, factually, and you also care.
So thank you.

[SPEAKER_07]
Wow, thank you.

[SPEAKER_05]
I'm done with my rant.

[SPEAKER_11]
Hey, hey, can we hire her?
I know you guys need her, but we could we could use we could use nurse Angela over here to share that clip with you.

[SPEAKER_05]
I do not like I do not do it.
I do not like doing interviews.
I was a really good nurse.
I love training nursing students.
I loved working in medicine.
I never imagined having to be in the spotlight.
I'm not a public speaker.
I actually don't like it.
I'm not good at it, but I feel that I have to, I have to help people and I have to do something that I'm not good at, but I will do it for all those people.
I'm not going to leave anybody behind just because I got better.
So anyway, here we are.

[SPEAKER_08]
I've seen it firsthand behind the scenes, Angela getting these calls and working with these vaccine injured people and it's just emotionally draining.
I would imagine, Angela, just in what you've told me and I've even referred some people to you and yeah, thank you for all the help you've provided to them.

[SPEAKER_05]
It's brutal.
I mean, I think our team, our entire team has had to kind of hold my hand as well because there's been times, I mean, on the week, my phone does not stop.
My emails don't stop, my phone doesn't stop.
And I'm actually just, I'm getting to the point where I'm angry because I cannot believe that we are still dealing with this.
I never in a million years thought that we would still,
people would not be getting helped.
But our team has been there for me.
I've had breakdowns where I just like cry.
I send out the whole team a message like I am falling apart.
I cannot handle this.
And, you know, even on last night, we had one of our own who was, you know, on the verge of having a seizure.
So here I am at home late at night worrying about her having a seizure all by herself, you know, somewhere
you know, in Alabama, and it really just doesn't end.
But we will keep on plugging along, we are not gonna stop, and we're just grateful that we have you Cindy and Yod and your entire crew being there for us when we need you, and it's really refreshing.
And I know for all the vaccine injured, you are so loved and admired, and you give them hope, you really do, you have given all of them hope.
We are so lucky to have you, so lucky to have you in our lives.
So thank you.

[SPEAKER_08]
Cindy, I wanted to ask you at what point did you decide that this story was going to be your first film to direct?
Like what?
Because I mean, I remember being in DC and going, that's just, that's a lot emotionally.
How did you make that decision?
How did you also get through it and do some self care?
Because I've worked on some challenging documentaries in the past and there's times where I just, I have to just stop for a couple of days.
So,
Yeah, help us understand.

[SPEAKER_07]
Well, you know, I had, um, I had a show and I had, you know, interviewed people on the show who are vaccine injured.
And the more, you know, the deeper I went into it, the more I found out the more, you know, everything that Angela just described, the, just the indignity that people, you know,
what people are being put through for no reason at all, right?
It didn't have to be this way.
And why are people getting vilified and canceled and, you know, everything.
And none of it made sense.
Okay, it's one thing to be sick, but for all that, sorry, to happen too.
And at some point, yeah, I mean, I don't even know like, yeah, I want to make a dog.
I had done a few little baby steps.
We do some work, the Brownstone Institute, and there had been sort of a, you know, a gathering and where people were talking about, you know, there's going to have to be a reckoning for all this.
So I did kind of like a little mini doc, you know, over a couple of days, took me a couple weeks to get it out.
Um, but doing kind of a deeper dive on things, uh, you know, I was just, everything seemed to be about COVID in those days, if you're in media, but I was so touched by these stories and just the inability to get people to believe that it was actually going on.
You know, I was talking to people who were very politically aware, very up on issues, um, like deep into COVID issues even, but weren't
touching the vaccine injury just didn't weren't sure if it was really a thing weren't going there were more interested in the politics or you know the lockdowns and all of that kind of stuff and I felt that to do the story justice to really bring it home to people needed this kind of treatment you know Angela talks you know you're talking about us coming into your home and like to me it was the generosity on
you know, everyone in the film side too.
I mean, it's a lot to invite someone to their home.
Like, you know, Nikki Holland, poor woman.
She's like mom of three in a wheelchair with oxygen and a feeding tube.
And she just wanted to show everyone what life was like.
You know, I was so worried about tiring her out because I know that the pattern is people will have, you know, some amount of energy and they'll feel okay and do stuff.
And then, you know, they'll just be out the next X many days, however long to recover.
But she wanted to do everything, like show like, it's such a struggle for her just to like get up, to get out of her house, down the steps, into the car, you know, getting with her wheelchair and, you know, having her kids help her, just all of that.
But she was so trusting and just so wanted to, you know, show, show the world, you know, what life was like.
And that's what I wanted to show too.
So at no point, you know, I didn't do,
anything that people weren't comfortable with and willing, but I was so surprised by how much people were willing to share and trusting me too, because I know there's been a lot of bad representations of this story out there and that preceded me doing this.
So we're going with the crew, all of us doing it.
And so just to have that level of trust was also really meaningful and touching throughout the whole process.
Everyone just welcomed us and said, yes.
And you know, Angela, you're one of the first people I spoke with actually.
And you helped, you know, introduce me to other people.
And you guys were fantastic.
If you've seen the film, you know, there's a scene with a big zoom call with lots of vaccine injured, which, you know, you guys helped us help make happen because that was another thing that was really important to me is not just these, you know, six people or whatever in the film that it's affected.
This is big.
you know, we were thinking, how can we represent that visually and show people it's more than just, you know, this small group that you're talking, you know, who are featured on camera.
And those stories were just incredibly tight.
You know, everyone was so grateful to have a chance to speak and so honest and so, yeah, just forthcoming with their pain.
It really is remarkable.
And the thing that amazed
you know, us most going through it was this recurring theme.
I think virtually everyone said, if not everyone, almost everyone said something about, you know, I think I was meant to go through this so I could help others.
I was shocked.
I was really, really shocked because this is obviously not something easy.
Some people are, you know, permanently injured.
Some people, I mean, it's just upended.
Everyone's life is completely transformed, changed.
you know, because of this and for people to say, you know, I think I was meant to go through this so I could help others.
Oh my goodness.
That was incredibly touching.

[SPEAKER_11]
Olivia, if I may, we wanted to make a film that would have the potential.
First of all, we wanted to be rock solid on the facts, right?
And that was very important to us, but also as in general, we like to do at the Epoch Times.
But we wanted to make something that would be at least potentially accessible to what we would call the persuadable middle.
right?
And this is the thing, right?
There's just, there's some significant portion of the population that simply doesn't know that this is a thing.
I just had Dr. Joe Latopo on the show yesterday.
It's a, you know, 20, 25 minutes.
It would be much worth your time, you know, official public health policy for the, from the state of Florida.
And one of the things we talked about is that there's people, there's doctors, there's people that just simply
have been internalized this idea that these products are safe and effective and they can't step out of that, including medical practitioners and so forth.
Yet there's this very significant phenomenon of injury at various levels, but it's much, much
greater than it should be.
There's so many safety signals.
It's very difficult to even quantify how much of that signal is out there.
Yet some people are saying, hey, wait, where is the signal?
And that's also in the documentary.
So we wanted to have something that might help kind of nudge some of the people that are starting to see through the haze or through the spell, perhaps.
I don't know.
That might be a term to use.
And I don't know, maybe we could get the audience to kind of weigh in on whether we've succeeded or not when they watch it.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, well, that's a good segue to take some questions from the audience.
If you don't mind, I'm going to start with a question from a Mother's Anthem.
This is for Jan and Cindy.
Would you, the Epoch Times, consider founding a free speech social media platform if TwitterX loses ground?

[SPEAKER_11]
The answer is yes.
We've had to build a lot of our own infrastructure for a whole variety of reasons.
And so the reasons being that you can't trust infrastructure that's overly influenced by interests that are, you know, that are kind of aligned against you or simply maybe, you know, don't want people to know some of these very important truths.
So the answer is yes, of course, we would consider that.

[SPEAKER_05]
A mother's anthem, I'm just sending you love out there.
I won't mention your name, but her son, Cody, who I think was in the documentary, Cody, 21 years old, threw blood clots right after his vaccine and was very badly injured and very, very, very sick and was diagnosed with antiphospholipid syndrome, which is exactly what my mom was diagnosed with.
we're seeing these similarities, but yeah, I just wanted to point out that yeah, Cody's that's Cody's mom.
We're sending you love.

[SPEAKER_08]
I remember Cody from that day.
Yes.

[SPEAKER_05]
Even in the, in the documentary we had while you were filming that scene, Cindy talking about that big scene, um, we, there was some medical emergencies happening while, while Livia was shooting while we were filming that, um, Andre, Andre had
had an issue with a complication from his vaccine reaction.
Horrific.

[SPEAKER_08]
I wanted to ask my own question to you, Cindy and Jan, have, since you've been taking the film out to festivals and out, have people that may or may not have known they were vaccine injured, seen your film and come to you and said, Oh my God, I thank you for validating what I thought.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, a hundred percent.
hasn't happened to me as showing actually, not entirely true.
We showed it at an event this past weekend and there were people, a couple of people actually came up and spoke to me afterwards, not about themselves, but someone in their immediate circle.
But then also on the, on Epoch TV website, there's 1200 comments or something now.
And I've read every single solitary one of them.
And there's a lot in there like that.
I, one woman, I was,
one woman said it was her herself and her two grown kids, all three of them were vaccine injured.
And she didn't realize to watching the film that there was actually, she connected it with the vaccine, but didn't realize at all.
There was a whole community out there that, you know, that it was other people.
And also the fact that there was three in one family made it seem more unbelievable to people, right?
Oh, you're all hypochondriacs or it's something else.
So I told her in the comments, one of the things that didn't make it into the film, but when I talked to Dr. Pierre Corrie and I asked him, you know, is there any patterns with who's affected, you know, and who's not.
And one of the four things he said was that there is some genetic component.
And one of the, Tanya Winter is one of the people who's in the Zoom call.
She says her from Australia, her and her identical twin sister were both vaccine injured, right?
So I said, you know, this is what,
you know, Dr. Pierre Cori said that there's, you know, it makes sense that there's like a family cluster and she was very relieved and valid and felt very validated, you know, that I was able to share that with her.
But there's a bunch of comments like that.

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, speaking of Australia, this question is from Ah Yes for Cindy and Jan. What is your sense of how we dealt with CV in Australia and New Zealand?
Were we perceived as a great setup for experimenting on the jabs because we're on islands?

[SPEAKER_11]
Well, I mean, the the the situation in both Australia and New Zealand was kind of, you know, shocking to me, especially Australians, because, you know, Australians are supposed to be these free spirited people, right?
That like, don't take any crap from anybody, you know, and and and but somehow, like everybody just, you know,
acquiesced at a with an even higher compliance rate, or at least that's what it looked like than places like, you know, here, Canada, which of course, you know, the whole the whole
I mean, I would think of this whole thing as a big experiment, right?
There's very, very few countries that were kind of spared it in the, you know, in the Western world, you know, Sweden being kind of one notable example on the side of, you know, taking very different policy when it comes to
the shelter-in-place or lockdown policies.
I don't know what the island character specifically, how that influenced things.
I'm not necessarily sure it did because there's other countries that followed that kind of model, like notably, you know, communist China, you know, Singapore, Korea come to mind off the top of my head.
but it was certainly a big giant experiment and I think it was in some ways more of a social experiment than anything else.

[SPEAKER_08]
Thanks for that response.
From Dr. Laura, where in Canada do you live right now and don't feel like you have to answer that part of the question.
How do you think Canada is doing with Trudeau?
Will Canadians vote him out?

[SPEAKER_07]
You know, it's hard to find these days a Canadian that voted him in.
That's what I noticed.
So if that, he's deeply unpopular right now.
I don't know if you know how the Canadian election systems work, but yeah, it's a minority government.
So it could be brought down, you know, there could be yet another election at any time if the other party supporting them
sees that they have an opportunity to win power.
But he gets himself I mean, not just the COVID stuff.
There's you know, a whole litany of things that have made him increasingly unpopular.

[SPEAKER_11]
So I could
I could comment, you know, very briefly, you know, we followed, of course, the truckers convoy and the reaction to it.
I mean, in a way, so I contend and you know, the very, very one of the best legal minds in Canada, Bruce Pardee, Professor Bruce Pardee,
agrees with me that the convoy protest was one of the most consequential protests in recent history.
And of course, it was crushed in its own way by the Canadian government.
But two things happened.
One, it was like this unbelievable, genuine grassroots movement.
That's one.
Right.
Number two, the way that the government reacted to it, it was a fascinating phenomenon because they, you know, oh, it's white supremacists, whatever these kind of the typical tropes that are used by people following this kind of more woke, woke ideology.
But and I think that the Canadian media, many of them are very beholden to the Canadian government because they're supported through the tune of millions upon millions of dollars.
And so, you know, I think the government kind of gave them the impression of what they wanted to hear.
The media told them back.
And, of course, you could just go very quickly to the convoy and discover how incredibly unorganized these folks were.
Like, I interviewed people doing a documentary in there who were just stunned by, like, the extreme grassroots nature of everything that was happening.
And then, of course, this implementing of the, I keep forgetting what the new name of the act is, what used to be called the War Measures Act, the updated version, and then basically shutting down bank accounts.
And then suddenly that alerted the world to the reality of what does a social credit system look like in a Western world?
And this could actually happen to us.
And then very quickly, everything went away because you saw public opinion suddenly turning.
It was this big, massive aha moment.
For the world I think in a way.

[SPEAKER_08]
Hey, this is where all this could lead So I I think that probably contributed to to the unpopularity of the current government Yeah, that I it seems like such a long time ago, but not really and that was such a powerful part of the movement at the time Who would have thought canadian truckers, you know would lead the way It really was uh, and the u.s truckers were trying to do their part and then the war in ukraine started as they were arriving in dc
Coincidentally enough, I'm going to ask Angela a question because, um, from Dr. Laura again, please tell us what you took to recover.
Thanks so much.
And I know that's covered in the film, but maybe you can briefly tell us some of the stuff that you did.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, that's, that's a long answer and you're more than welcome to email me cause I can go into the specific little details.
Uh, I was treated very early on with,
steroids in the beginning because my inflammatory markers were so high.
Then I turned very holistic and I was lucky enough to have my primary care doctor prescribe ivermectin.
He's been my doctor for years.
I actually never went to the doctor because I've always been so healthy.
But he was willing to give it a try because we didn't know what else to do.
And so I did ivermectin.
I did a lot of high dose IV vitamin C. I was fortunate enough to have an amazing friend send me to a fasting facility where I was monitored by doctors who were helping me get through a fast.
They have a really high success rate of helping and dealing with autoimmune issues.
through fasting and so I wouldn't recommend it to anybody without supervision.
You can do intermittent fasting like narrowing your window where you're only eating in a four hour period and then maybe going to one meal a day.
I recommend for everybody to eat super healthy, eat organic, don't eat anything processed.
get good sleep, have meaningful relationships, get outside, get in the ground, get in the dirt, get in the ocean, surround yourself with people who care about you, stay off social media, except for Epic Times and NTD News, that's all you can watch, because it's the truth, and support us at VSRF, but really those were the basic things.
I ate really well, I fasted, I took ivermectin, I did vitamin C,
And in the beginning, when I was really critical, when I was really, really sick, I did steroids.
And I have to laugh because my daughter just literally crawled on the ground through here, and that's why I was chuckling.
Don't make any noise.
She literally was worming underneath me as we were asking that question.

[SPEAKER_08]
I have a follow up for you Angela from Susie.
I'm an RN seeing devastating injuries every day.
It's very distressing and challenging.
Any suggestions on coping?
I'm no cream puff.
The most horrible thing I've ever witnessed.
No one says a word.

[SPEAKER_05]
Oh, that is that is a really good question.
I I really what has helped me the most is is mindfulness and just allowing yourself
As horrific as the things that we're seeing and we're experiencing and the injuries that I'm helping in, I'm helping people all over the world and Europe and Germany and all over, it's really hard.
It's hard on us as nurses because we generally tend to be very empathic people.
We didn't go into this profession for the money.
We did it because we have a heart and we care and we want to
take really good care of people.
So what has helped me the most is just spending at least, give yourself a good hour of the day, even if you only have 15 minutes, and just be mindful.
Go out in nature, turn everything off, listen to the birds, smell the sounds,
completely disconnected and be in the moment.
And it kind of helps you regroup and ground yourself.
I actually personally probably need to do some EMDR to get to help that last little bit of
Trauma that I experienced because I go through a lot of it with all of these injuries But that is a way that I think everybody should do it whether or not you're injured or not or dealing with trauma and crisis it's really good for us to just be present in the moment and And and and ground ground ourselves get off electronics Yeah, if I don't ground and do that, I I can feel myself start to get a little jittery when I don't
There's actually scientific evidence behind it.
It really lowers your heart rate.
It lowers your blood pressure.
It helps your immune system heal and recover.
It's really, really important for all of us to do it.

[SPEAKER_11]
People may not know what EMDR is, Angela.

[SPEAKER_05]
Oh yeah, it's a type of therapy that deals with trauma and it has to do with rapid eye movement and there's people that are specifically trained in EMDR therapy and it works amazingly well for people that have had
a really traumatic experience, it kind of resetting the mind and the brain.
And I need to learn more about it, but I know that it has helped a lot of the vaccine injured.
I just don't even have the time to do it.
For me, being in that documentary was that got rid of the most amount of my trauma because I was able to feel safe and get my story out and just let all of my emotions, as you see in the documentary, all of my emotions came out.
And for me, I would bottle it up because I got a child to take care of, I got injured to take care of, where our organization is really busy at fighting these mandates and doing all these things.
And so I just kind of, everything was cooped up inside and I was in this fight or flight mode for so long.
And then coming in and being filmed for this documentary with people that I felt like
you know, they're my family.
Cindy's like a sister to me.
I was able to get all of that out.
And I just afterwards, I was like, God, I just feel so relaxed.
I feel so that was that was that was my EMDR.
But at some point, I probably do need need some professional help just with what we're dealing with.

[SPEAKER_08]
So thanks for sharing that.

[SPEAKER_05]
Great questions, Dr. Laura.

[SPEAKER_08]
Back to Jan and Cindy from Tom Fratello.
How is the Epoch Times able to avoid the capture control influence exerted on the mass majority of the corporate funded government propaganda media?

[SPEAKER_06]
Go ahead.

[SPEAKER_07]
I was going to say it goes back to the 95% funded by subscribers.
You don't have to be beholden to anything else.
Go ahead, Jan.
I'm sure you can elaborate.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, I mean, you know, it really does come back to our founding.
So I don't know, you know, some of you may know that Epoch Times was founded by Chinese Americans.
And this is part of the reason, you know, to tell the truth about communist China in a climate of extreme propaganda.
So, you know, our founder, John Tong, he had actually been in the student movement in 89.
So, you know, there's many of you have heard there was a Tiananmen Square massacre in 1989.
A lot of students, there was a huge movement for democracy in China.
That movement was crushed in Tiananmen Square.
You know, a number of thousands of people were massacred by the
People's Liberation Army.
Some of those students that were in the movement basically made it to America.
John Tong, he was a brilliant physicist.
He made it to Georgia Tech.
And when 1999 rolled around, this is earlier, I talked about this a little bit earlier in this interview, but basically
The government decided or the Chinese Communist Party decided they were going to wipe this group out and to do that.
And we have seen this type of, you know, messaging, you know, you've heard basically dehumanizing messaging, right, to justify why is it okay to eradicate a group of people?
Why is it okay to attack them?
Well, this was the messaging against the Falun Gong in 99, and Epoch Times was founded in part by these Falun Gong practitioners in America who saw all of this happening, and they wanted to tell the truth in a situation where there were 500,000 pieces of propaganda published in the first year, from what I understand, in the other direction.
So it's kind of in our DNA.
We were made to do this.
It started with China.
We didn't know where it would go.
It just so happens that we live in a time of profound mistruth and very powerful narratives being seeded.
into the, you know, information space.
And, you know, it's just like our whole purpose is always been to, to cut through that, right, and try to tell the truth when in situations where that truth is indeed hard to discern.
So part of it is because of you, everyone that's a subscriber, and thank you, and please, you know, if you aren't, please subscribe, it's actually not very reasonably priced for what you get.
But, but
You know, essentially everything we're about is trying to dig out the truth.
And indeed, I'll add one more thing.
The core, it makes sense that we have a little bit of this Falun Gong ethos from the beginning.
Truthfulness is the first principle that Falun Gong practitioners follow.
And I think that as, you know, as much as we're, you know, not a media focused on that, I think that the founders
principles have really kind of influenced us in this respect.
So I hope that answers your question.

[SPEAKER_05]
What is the best way for people to subscribe to EPOC and watch the unseen crisis?
What is the best way?

[SPEAKER_11]
Okay, so UnseenCrisis.com, that's where you can go and watch the Unseen Crisis.
Actually, if you watch the Unseen Crisis and there's a small fee there, you actually get, I think, a month of full access to Epoch Times at the same time.
So that might actually be the best way to do it.
Yeah, that would be the best way to do it.
I mean, we also have, you know, I have a recent interview with Angela, which is, I've heard you've gotten a lot of good feedback from that.
And if you want to check that out, that's on the American Thought Leaders part of the platform.
If you look on Twitter, in the American Thought Leaders handle, there's a really good deal on subscription as well.
I don't know if you can, Livia, if you can put up that link.
But but that's there and also sort of links to other we cover many different things on American thought leaders, not just vaccine injury and COVID related things.
All of us become a big topic from all sorts of different angles.
And actually, you know what, I want to drop a little bit of trivia in here.
If you watch the film, if you're in the audience, you're going to watch the film.
There's there's a couple there's one interview
in the film that I actually did.
And I want to see if you can figure out which one that was.
And there's also, I have a little cameo in the film because the film is mostly Cindy.
Cindy did all the heavy lifting for this film.
And she's, of course, the narrator and, you know, talking to everybody.
But in one case, I have a very brief cameo and see if you can notice that.

[SPEAKER_05]
I can tell you that that interview
is like the hot topic right now in the Seychelles Islands.
So I don't know if people pick it up because they look up Seychelles and vaccine injured or whatever, but everybody on the, you know, it's a small little island of, you know, a hundred thousand people.
In that interview, there are so many people angry about the vaccine and the vaccine injured and the death toll has gone up in the Seychelles since the vaccines have rolled out.
And so I didn't share it with anybody because like I, as I said, I do not like being interviewed, but it's,
I have gotten so many messages, DMs, Twitters, they put it on like the Seychelles Daily News, that interview, because nobody in the Seychelles has really come out.
There's people angry about it, but nobody's come out that has been in the medical profession saying, this is what can happen, these are harmful.

[SPEAKER_11]
And I just might add that if you're curious why the Seychelles, there's basically Angela has a very, very fascinating connection with the Seychelles, which you'll discover if you watch the interview.
It's kind of incredible actually.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_05]
I did warn my mom.
I said, mom, I want to warn you.
I did share some things that I've never shared before with anybody.
I don't even think most of our team knew.
I keep that private, but as I said,
You, Jan and Cindy just make us feel so at home and so comfortable and so safe that there's things that we are just willing to share with you because of just the way that you take care of us and you treat us and you're there fighting for us and your family.
So you bring it out in us.

[SPEAKER_08]
I've got more questions.
You guys willing to take a few more?

[SPEAKER_07]
Go for it.

[SPEAKER_08]
Great.
From Luo 444, does China have an mRNA vaccine that was given to its citizens?

[SPEAKER_11]
The short answer is no, not broadly.
They had a different type of vaccine.
Sinovac is a different technology.
It's not terribly effective, but then again, none of them have been terribly effective.
Yeah, it's not an mRNA product.
As far as we know, they don't have one.

[SPEAKER_05]
But people are being injured with that one as well.
That's what they were giving the Seychelles Islands.
The Seychelles Islands bought that for their initial vaccines.
Now they have the Pfizer boosters, but people got injured from that, just like the J&J and AstraZeneca are not mRNA-based, but horrific increase with all of them.

[SPEAKER_11]
So, you know, there's this whole issue with indemnity, you know, that ever since 1986 in America, the, you know, basically the vaccine manufacturers have not had, you know,
the guardrails have been taken off when it comes to a lot of development because they can't be sued for vaccine injury.
But when you go to China, it's like a whole different level of corruption and nepotism.
And of course, yes, there is significant vaccine injury, but it's very difficult to quantify.
That's actually very interesting what you're saying, Angela.
Maybe we could use potentially the Seychelles as a microcosm to understand the actual
Reality of the in signal the safety signals and so forth for the Sinovac because in china all the statistics are just Simply you you can't rely on them in any manner shape or form.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah Here's a question from hooligan How many people do cindy and yan think have died in china in the last four years?

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, i'm doing it

[SPEAKER_11]
I mean, I don't know the exact number at all, but I know that it's dramatically more than I mean, it's certainly dramatically more than than the official COVID numbers, which are, I mean,
if it wasn't such a serious issue, we could say they're comical, right?
And it's just so bizarre.
Actually, Ashley Rinsburg, wonderful journalist, he recently has an article, look it up, where he talks about this, how the bizarre credulity with which Western media have treated the Chinese statistics around COVID.
It's like completely bizarre, right?
Because like, no statistics from there are reasonable.
These ones are.
I don't know the number, but the number is
Much greater than I think most people are willing are ready to fathom see this is the problem is it's very difficult to measure anything there incredibly difficult to measure anything there there's
I'll give you an example.
We can use, for example, the fact that there were all these increases in crematorium use.
We have to use these alternate measures.
Or just like if you want to try to understand economic activity, and this is one of the reasons we know the Chinese economy right now is in really rough shape, is because building concrete use, electricity use, things like that are going down.
So those are our measures for economic activity.
Official statistics don't tell you much.
They just tell you what they're supposed to tell you.
And it's similar with the death rates.
They had these extreme zero COVID lockdown policies.
So we know that the cost of that, we've seen a huge increase in the West in excess mortality.
okay, through these shelter-in-place and lockdown policies first, and then, of course, to some extent, through the vaccines as well.
And it's unclear.
That data is sort of mixed up.
It's very hard to tell, to disambiguate it.
But in China, these lockdown policies were like, you know, much more extreme.
And you could expect that the costs in terms of death were also much more extreme.
Um, so, you know, there's examples of, you know, huge numbers of cell phones, for example, uh, kind of, you know, going offline.
Uh, so that's another measure.
I mean, so, you know, millions, millions of people is the death toll.
Some, some millions of people, um, and it's unclear exactly how many, but it's, but, but I, uh, from what we can tell the death rates are considerably higher, if not orders of magnitude higher than here.
Yeah, it's very hard to tell exact numbers.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, I have a question.
You know, I one thing that was really striking for me when when the pandemic hit was these, the media was showing us videos of people in China, normal, healthy people in business suits with briefcases just walking along, and then keeling over and dying.
And that was very, you know,
We were seeing that and looking back, I mean, there's no virus that does that.
There's no virus where a normal healthy person is just walking down the street and collapses and dies.
So a lot of people were terrified by this, but that is, we know now with COVID, it doesn't work that way.
You don't take a normal healthy person doesn't just collapse.
But it's hard to know what is real and what's not real coming from China.
And I can't believe that we played that here in the US.
I cannot believe they played this.

[SPEAKER_11]
Just to comment on that, some people whose research I respect greatly believe that it was just simply purely a propaganda campaign to seed fear into our population, which of course was very successful, as you just mentioned.
from the information we have.
And this I don't know the cause of this.
There's different theories.
Some people think it was just, you know, a very early of the strain of the virus had extremely high mortality, even compared to whatever it was that came over, right to the US and was circulating was
you know, not reflective of those of the types of death tolls that we would that we would roughly estimate were happening entirely.
We don't I don't think it was propaganda, although there was there was a lot of propaganda.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_08]
So I think I'm going to wrap up the audience questions I want to ask Cindy.
So what what's going to be your follow up?
What's your next project from a documentary standpoint?

[SPEAKER_07]
Uh, I don't know.
You know, we're still, I don't know what's on the horizon.
We're still actually just found out yesterday.
We're in another film festival.
Um, there's a couple other screenings on offers and coming up.
So, um, still trying to get the word out, you know, on this one, there's still a whole lot of people that don't know.
In fact, you're at an event last weekend and had a room full about a hundred very politically astute, active people and
they were so, I asked the audience how many people learned new things from this film and almost everybody shot up their arm.
And there was like a lot of tears watching this film.
And so even among like more conservative, politically active, these kinds of communities, they still didn't know a lot of
of what's in the film.
They might have heard of vaccine injury, but you know, going through chapter and verse, everything that started, you know, from, you know, completely fraudulent, apparently from whistleblowers, you know, trials all the way up to the complete lack of compensation, you know, the government still only handed out, I think it's $8,600 in compensation, you know, 10,000 cases still waiting to be adjudicated and, you know, everything else in between.
So still working on this.
I'm also running a journalism training program through Epoch Times and NTD that's becoming a bigger and bigger kind of more professional school and a bigger endeavor.
And this is because we don't have enough journalists out there who are trained to do proper journalism, to do everything that we've been talking about so far, to, you know,
a process of finding the truth and that being, you know, your driving principle and only publishing what you can verify, et cetera, et cetera.
So I spend a lot of my time right now training.
actually and I just started a new school.

[SPEAKER_08]
I'm so glad you're doing that because I get these emails from the from Rolling Stone magazine who is now selling a journalism school in conjunction with NYU and the the journalism that's coming out of Rolling Stone is Propaganda 101 and they're now they're trying to train people so

[SPEAKER_11]
Livio, I do have some updates on films that are coming out.
Roman Balmakov is one of our favorite hosts.
He has a film that he stars in where he's looking at the war against meat.
uh and and sort of why how is it that suddenly everyone's talking about insects in the human diet and all sorts of crazy things it's a fascinating film i think it's actually premiering this weekend in dallas and so that'll be streaming on epoch tv very soon we have another film called the final war and the final war is a multi-part series and it's basically
how the Chinese Communist Party has been waging a war without firing a shot, as you would call it, which is kind of the Sun Tzu way, so to speak.
One of the few pieces of traditional culture that the Chinese regime maintained for itself while destroying traditional culture was all the kind of war doctrine.
And a lot of it is this sort of cunning and ability to co-opt other countries and leaders and things like that.
to do China's bidding and sort of take over slowly.
It's an amazing, fascinating series that I would highly recommend to everyone listening today if you really want to understand what communist China is up to.
I mean, I could go on, but Romans is the new bugs-oriented and a war against me documentary and the final war on China, you know, very powerful stuff.
Wait, one last thing.
The film we made originally, our debut in producing, Finding Manny about Cindy's father, who unfortunately passed last year.
He was a Holocaust survivor, lived into his 90s, had an amazing life.
I would recommend that film if you like the spirit of The Unseen Crisis or the spirit of what Nurse Angela here has been talking about.
I think we brought that same spirit into Finding Manny and we've gotten, of course, lots of awards for that film and also amazing feedback.

[SPEAKER_07]
And we're both in it so you can spend more time with us.
And we're both in it.

[SPEAKER_08]
Where can we find that film?
Is it in Epic Times or is it somewhere else?

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, in Epic TV.

[SPEAKER_08]
Epic TV Library.

[SPEAKER_11]
But also if you go to the website, so if you are a subscriber already with Epoch Times, or you go to FindingManny.com, you can easily find a direct link right at the top of that page and the trailer to the film.

[SPEAKER_07]
And I should mention Unseen Crisis has won several awards.
We just found out about two more the other day.
So I think we have about six awards now from three or four different festivals.
So it's actually getting, you know,
It's amazing that some festivals are actually putting it in at all, considering how taboo the topic is.
You know, we're instantly zapped off of YouTube just by putting it, just the trailer.
It was like instantly nuked.
Instantly nuked.

[SPEAKER_11]
During upload almost.
It was like uploaded and then, God.

[SPEAKER_07]
So in my mind, any festival that's, you know, brave enough to select it,
and screen it and award it, kudos.
And it means the word is getting out.

[SPEAKER_11]
So that's good.
And I think it's also a signal that the tide might be turning a bit, because it is truly astonishing.
And the people that are watching, some of these are not health freedom festivals that I'm aware of.
They seem to be normal.
you know, film festivals that of course maybe like some, you know, kind of a little bit spicy content, but they're taking it seriously.
People are asking very good questions.
People are the, the, the, the film festival that where we did go to the screening, people were learning new things there and legitimately fascinated.
So the film is having an impact.

[SPEAKER_08]
if those curators will take chances, which they used to do all the time before COVID, there wasn't any censorship.
A film got accepted based on the quality of the film and the filmmakers.
And now there's a new barrier, but yeah, keep at it.
Yeah, and I wanted to ask you, you have any interviews in the pipeline for American thought leaders and also have you tried to get someone like Anthony Fauci and has he responded to any requests?

[SPEAKER_11]
It's been a while since I tried to get Dr. Fauci.
I don't expect that he would respond.
But that's an interesting idea.
Maybe I should put in a request.
I like that.
Very good, good thinking.
In Polish, we have this expression, the head is thinking.
No, so we have quite a few interviews, actually a recent one on COVID related matters.
I think getting a lot of good feedback is Dr. Aaron Cariotti.
You might be familiar with him.
He was the head of the medical ethics program at UC Irvine, you know, very deeply involved in the pandemic response early on, was very against mandates and, you know, basically put his money, ethical money where his mouth was and was fired from UC Irvine for refusing to be mandated to take the vaccine.
has been a huge sort of advocate.
He's one of the plaintiffs in this lawsuit, Missouri versus Biden, which is the one where we actually know as a fact now that, you know, the federal government was actually, you know, violating the First Amendment, or at least based on the Fifth Circuit Court's, you know, statement on an injunction.
We know that this is actually officially a fact that there were First Amendment violations, and he's one of the plaintiffs on that lawsuit.
He was suppressed.
So we have his interview is up.
That's a recent one.
There's a whole bunch in the pipeline.
I have to think, you know, who there's a, and of course, Dr. Joe Latipo.
Did I mention?
I think I mentioned that earlier.
That's a really good interview to watch.
And that's just, that's the most recent American thought leaders now.
Actually, there's one that will be premiering any moment if it hasn't already.
But the Joe Latipo interview is good because it's you hear it, you hear official policy from official viewpoint of the surgeon general of the state of Florida and also, you know, an incredible, you know, past professor from UCLA and medical doctor speaking on his viewpoint.

[SPEAKER_08]
You know, you mentioned him and there's a question that I did not get to and I just realized from Ohm for us, how can we get other surgeon generals to see the truth like Latipo in Florida?

[SPEAKER_07]
A million dollar question.

[SPEAKER_08]
Right, there might not be an answer to that.

[SPEAKER_11]
Well, why not just send them that interview?

[SPEAKER_08]
To all the surgeon generals.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, that's a great idea.

[SPEAKER_11]
I mean, people who are constituents in those respective states that are voters, you know, I think the governments would be very interested in hearing what constituents have to say.
And if people are impressed with Dr. Lattopo's guidance, I think other Surgeon Generals should know about it.

[SPEAKER_08]
Excellent.
And Angela, we were talking right before and you have some update of an event that's coming up in October.
You want to fill us in on that?
Speaking of Fauci?

[SPEAKER_05]
Speaking of Fauci, yeah, I don't even think our team knows.
I was able to tell you, Olivia, right before, but Steve and I agreed just a few hours ago to speak at an event on October 4th.
It's here in the Bay Area.
It's at the San Mateo Center for Performing Arts, and Dr. Fauci is coming to the Bay Area.
He will be speaking at that event.
I believe there's about 1500 seats where people will fill up and listen to him speak.
And so for everybody that's in the Bay Area, California, if you want to fly in from wherever it's basically, you know, people lied, Fauci died.
So show up with your, it's a very silent, peaceful protest.
Show up with your signs.
of injuries, people that you know that have passed away.
And what we plan on doing is speaking, Steve and I and other prominent speakers will be there as people will be coming in to fill in, to listen to Dr. Fauci speak, we will be out there presenting.
So please come, it'll be incredible.
Hopefully the news will pick this up.
and also support us.
We don't turn anything down.
At VSRF, we spend hundreds of hours each week volunteering.
Most of our team just spends a relentless amount of time, and we're not going anywhere.
Through these mandates, through these lockdowns, through these pushings of the vaccines, we will be here.
We have more conferences coming up, and we definitely need
your support to help us, to help me continue helping Vaccine Injured and help our team put on these amazing conferences.
So yeah, just support us, donate to us, show us love, and we will keep fighting for all of you.

[SPEAKER_08]
Maybe even buy some clothing and some gear would be also another way to help us out.

[SPEAKER_05]
The new one, I love the new one, on the front it says the fear is back and the back says do not comply.
That's my favorite.

[SPEAKER_08]
Oh, I gotta try to find that on here somewhere.
That's a good one.
Yeah, there's many ways to support us.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, so please, please donate and keep us going and we will always be there for all of you and also subscribe to EPOC.

[SPEAKER_08]
Absolutely.
Their collection of documentaries is outstanding and you definitely support them and get some knowledge on their films.
They're just truly incredible library of content.
And Jan, Cindy, I can't thank you enough.
You've been so gracious with your time, your talents.
I am in awe of the work that you do and we really appreciate you coming on this evening.

[SPEAKER_07]
Thank you.
Thank you for your time and hard work right back at you.
And the accolades coming from a pro like you, Livio, are well appreciated.

[SPEAKER_08]
Thank you.
And we are simulcasting on Twitter.
Oh, sorry.

[SPEAKER_11]
Go ahead, Jan. No, I was just going to say thank you.
You guys are wonderful and that we really appreciate the opportunity.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, you're welcome back anytime.
And we are on Twitter spaces.
We're going to be on there.
I think Jan and Cindy may be on there for a brief moment.
We've had a long conversation, but if you're still willing to pop over there at the end of the show and continue answering a few questions, that would be fantastic.
I want to remind also everyone that next week we do have Steve Kirsch coming back to the show.
He is going to be on with.
I thought I had this slide ready, but.
Yeah, I do have it ready.
Here it is.
We've got Steve coming back next week with Jeff Childers, our special guest.
That should be a fantastic episode.
We can hear all about Steve's travels and we can hear about coffee and COVID.
Jeff Childers.
Excellent excellent daily guy puts in a lot of work on that update every single day So join us next week and I want to end tonight with one last scene From the unseen crisis and it is with our very own Steve Kirsch, so have a great evening everyone and we'll see you all next week

[SPEAKER_06]
Steve Kirsch, a successful Silicon Valley entrepreneur, has spent millions of dollars over the past two decades funding medical research to cure diseases.
After the vaccine rollout, he started to notice that something was going wrong.

[SPEAKER_01]
I had a friend who said, is the vaccine safe?
And I said, why do you ask?
And she said, well, three of my relatives got the shot.
And a week later, they're dead.
And they were perfectly healthy before.
And I said,
Well, that's impossible.
She said, yeah, but they're dead.
And then a week later, my carpe cleaner shows up.
He's wearing a mask.
I'm giving him a hard time.
I said, haven't you had the vaccine?
If you have the vaccine, you don't have to wear a mask.
And he said, well, I was only able to get one shot.
And I said, why?
Why didn't you get the second shot?
He said, well, I had a heart attack a minute after they gave me the shot.
And then he mentioned that his wife got vaccinated as well, different time, different place.
And she had, for months, she couldn't hold a glass of water.
Her hand would shake so badly that she couldn't hold a glass of water.
And so at this point, it was very clear that either these people were lying to me,
Or, this vaccine is not safe and effective.
I have a lot of friends who say, hey, nobody I know has died.
Nobody I know has been vaccine injured.
Well, I didn't know my carpet cleaner was vaccine injured until I asked him.
It was only if you took time out from what you normally do,
and spend your time looking at this data directly.
You look at the VAERS data, for example, it's unexplainable.
If the VAERS data, which is the Vaccine Adverse Reporting System, it's like a flat line.
And then all of a sudden, it spikes up by more than 100-fold.
And the individual doctors tell me that, oh, I've been in practice for 30 years.
I've never had to report anything to the VAERS system.
But this year, I had to report 25.
