[SPEAKER_12]
Sorry.
I don't know which one it is.

[SPEAKER_14]
All right.
Hi, everyone.
This is Mila Radovich, and I'm the host for the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation Live College Edition.
And welcome to our biweekly show.
Tonight, we'll be speaking with Phoebe Liu, a university student who has been canceled for her
of marriage scholarship.
And while Tice will not be able to make it, we're so glad to have Ben Lit, who is our guest from episode 17 on how to FOIA your school.
Join us tonight for our conversation.
Tonight we'll be discussing media influence, misinformation, and mass censorship.
Before we get started, VSRF is a 501c3 organization with a mission
mission to end all COVID-19 mandates and advance COVID-19 safely through public education and advocacy of scientific research, as well as to provide support to the vaccine injured.
We encourage open and transparent conversation, scientific and medical inquiring questions.
And we're calling for truth and transparency in our colleges so that our fellow students and future generations can receive informed consent and freedom to have education without coercion or mandate.
Thank you for joining us live on Rumble.
If you'd like to ask any questions, please drop them in the comments or our live chat box next to our video.
So first we have the news flash.
So maybe we're gonna go to that.

[SPEAKER_02]
I had a vaccine and I began to shake uncontrollably.

[SPEAKER_10]
He just died 33 days later.

[SPEAKER_12]
I can't hold my head upright.

[SPEAKER_05]
I collapsed.
That's all I remember.
From the very outset, we did not meet the normal conditions required to proceed.

[SPEAKER_03]
We're going to be talking about the vaccine injured, which the federal government and state agencies pretend doesn't exist.

[SPEAKER_01]
We went to a local hospital and they treated her like a crazy person.

[SPEAKER_04]
I see this as a breakdown of our bureaucratic structures that we're supposed to keep safe.
I think there's a lot of people that don't know that they're injured.

[SPEAKER_09]
We have substantial data showing miscarriages increased by 300% over the five-year average.

[SPEAKER_06]
Pfizer should have been off the market by February 1st of 2021.

[SPEAKER_09]
300% increase in cancer.
Data reported to Pfizer.
It's eight pages long.

[SPEAKER_07]
They are novel and unexplained symptoms.

[SPEAKER_09]
Neurological.
Over a thousand percent increase.
A thousand.

[SPEAKER_07]
The doctor doesn't know what that is and how to treat it.

[SPEAKER_02]
The mind games are ridiculous.
She was faking it, that it's misinformation.

[SPEAKER_05]
There is almost no opportunity for justice.

[SPEAKER_02]
If you can't see it, then you don't know that it needs to be fixed.
It was becoming pretty apparent that the hospital knew something was going on.
The virus stops with every vaccinated person.

[SPEAKER_08]
In other words, you become a dead end to the virus.

[SPEAKER_15]
Vaccinated people do not carry the virus, don't get sick.

[SPEAKER_00]
I never knew that was going to be the last time I'd talk to my son.

[SPEAKER_02]
They know at a very intimate level what's going on with this.
They know all of it.

[SPEAKER_07]
And yet, nobody's coming to the rescue of truth.

[SPEAKER_13]
Well, that was the Unseen Crisis and NTD original documentary.
You can watch it exclusively on Epoch TV.
And I decided to show that clip because it's, well, first of all, just newly came out.
And it's something that if you're interested in the vaccine stories that we normally wouldn't hear on our news and our media, that's a great introduction to understanding what some of these people are going through
every day, what they've been through, what they're going through, and how they're living their daily lives and what their stories are.
Each one of them is very unique.
But a few of the individuals that you saw featured in a documentary actually filed a lawsuit last month.
And this was the first COVID injury lawsuit in the US against the US government that utilized social media companies as a vehicle to implement censorship.
So that's actually a perfect transition into what we're discussing tonight.
And I'd like to spend some time on the lawsuit first before we get into the content about censorship as well as misinformation.
So let's go ahead and pull up our screen.
Are you able to see my screen?
Yes.
Awesome.
OK.
So this is the lawsuit.
And you're able to scan the QR code to see the news article.
And the document for the court document is the first link in this article.
In general, all six plaintiffs had used social media to share their or their loved one's personal experience after being harmed from the vaccine and they had used this to exchange advice, medical research, and support with others who were also injured.
What happened though was their stories were flagged as misinformation or they were removed entirely and their accounts were at risk of being frozen or disabled.
And for example, one of the people who you saw in the documentary, Brianne Dressen had suffered severe nerve damage after being part of the AstraZeneca vaccine trials.
She joined a private support group for vaccine-injured individuals on Facebook that was called A Wee Sprinkle of Hope, which I thought was a very hopeful name, very unassuming and un-intruding name.
Yet after Ms. Drusen posted infographic about COVID vaccine symptoms at a press conference where she spoke about her vaccine injuries, this group was disabled for violating Facebook's community standards on misinformation that could cause physical harm.

[SPEAKER_14]
Really?
Misinformation, huh?

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah.
So this is one of the examples
of censorship on social media, how Facebook, Instagram, Reddit, Snapchat was utilized to not just take down personal experience stories, but also
prevent the knowledge of these stories existing on the web.
And I think as vaccine injuries, first of all, the vaccine itself is relatively new.
It's within the past few years.
Injuries are even newer.
So here are individuals who have taken a vaccine, you know, whether what drove them to take it this Brian had participated in the clinical trials and.
They're meant to, you know, research and discover safety and efficacy of vaccines, right?
But what happened was it did not work as intended.
The vaccine did not work as intended.
ended up harming her.
Yet, when she tried to share her story, to seek support, to find resources, to understand this very new injury, instead of people coming to realize that, yes, there is potential risk for the vaccine, she was not only just banned from it, but she was removed from seeking support from her Facebook group.
She was, you know, banned from sharing her story so that other people would be aware of the risk of injury.
And as the vaccine injuries are a new field and a new area in science, we're not sure how long
these injuries can last.
Treatment modalities are limited and there's still a lot more to be discovered.
Yet, this is where support groups and learning from example, observing stories from other people who've managed their illness comes in and really helps as a community to educate one another.
yet we were blocked from talking to each other and understanding as a group.

[SPEAKER_14]
How are we supposed to be expected to move forward and learn how to treat all of these injuries if they're not even willing to acknowledge that it exists?
Right.
That was so, it's unfair, it's illogical, it just doesn't make any sense at all.

[SPEAKER_12]
last week um go ahead oh yeah i was gonna say at the end of that um the slide you're sharing there where it's saying there there are standards on misinformation that could cause physical harm i mean i think that's like a pretty common theme nowadays where people like conflate speech with violence and in a way they're like cheapening the meaning of violence altogether but that's kind of like a critical point it's like a simple policy name
But they have to suggest that it's causing physical harm to even justify them regulating the speech in the first place, because they're not really supposed to regulate speech.
Especially Facebook, who's acting like a, they're acting like a town square, as Elon Musk has called it.
But they're specifically not a publisher that's responsible for the content.
So they're regulating, they're justifying taking the speech down because they're in some twisted way saying it's going to cause physical harm because they're also just accepting as fact like what the CDC or the NIH or the WHO is suggesting, which is that not taking the vaccine is like the equivalent to
like jumping off a bridge as far as physical harm.
So they can use those two arguments in some twisted way to justify like stifling speech basically.
And I think that's a widespread theme in a lot of places outside of Facebook is everybody seems to be conflating speech with violence.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah, that's a really good point about how these platforms, they aren't the original creator of the content, right?
They simply provide a platform for you to use.
Granted, the fine print of those platforms may, you know, include something about, you know, what is exactly, you know, you can and can't say on there what you can and can't do.
But as for Brian's story specifically, how Facebook stated it was community standards on misinformation that could cause physical harm.
The issue is that the physical harm is apparent, whether or not, you know, it is a, it's information, it's already causing physical harm.
And in fact, borrowing her from speaking out and sharing her story is causing other people to potentially be discouraged.

[SPEAKER_14]
Like, let's see if she can get back on.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yep.
There we go.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, it's leading people to become discouraged.
I mean, when you're injured by especially something so politically charged, such as the COVID vaccine, you're already scared to speak out.
And that's for a lot of reasons.
I know a lot of people not only being censored online, but
Like in life, people just like, they won't talk to you.
They're like, oh my gosh, you're making up.
You're looking for attention.
They make up every excuse.
I guarantee if you were to like send in your lab report, like, oh, this is proof that it was caused by the vaccine.
It still would have been necessary.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yep, exactly.
And another very jarring story, another plaintiff in this case, Ernest Ramirez.
His 16-year-old son, Ernest Ramirez Jr., died five days after taking the first dose of Pfizer COVID vaccine.
And Mr. Ramirez wanted to launch a GoFundMe to help raise money for a trip to Washington, D.C.
to share the story of his son and what actually happened was a week later GoFundMe removed his fundraiser for prohibited conduct and all the funds that he raised were forfeited.
Yeah, I see, you know, it's very common for people to do fundraisers to help cover the cost of funerals, expenses, etc, etc, all the things that are involved in a person's passing.
And this is, you know, prevalent on GoFundMe on a donor box or gives and go any of these sites.
The difference that set apart Ernest Vermeer's story from the other fundraisers for funerals was the fact that he died from the vaccine.
And in fact, it says here, on November 11, 2021, which would have been Ernest's 17th birthday, Ramirez posted a photo on Facebook and Twitter of himself beside his son's casket, his funeral.
Which is really heartbreaking.
And the caption of the photo reads, my goodbyes to my baby boy.
And yet Facebook flagged this post with a warning box and labeled it as partly false information.
So is Facebook claiming that, yes, Mr. Ramirez's son died, but it's partly false that it was caused by the vaccine?
Or what exactly is partly false about this, right?
It's five days apart.
And then Twitter deleted the photo altogether and warned Mr. Ramirez, make sure you're sharing reliable information.
Visit the COVID-19 Information Center for reliable vaccine info and resources.
First of all, I just think, okay, this is a parent who's dealing with the loss of his young son and you are taking down his memory and you're taking down him sharing his lifetime with his son.
and completely disregarding the entire story just because he mentioned COVID or because he mentioned that the cause was the vaccine.
And it's so, it's very heartbreaking, but it's also very, very angering and disgusting for companies to do this.
And especially to a parent who is suffering and going through the motions.

[SPEAKER_12]
And for whatever the reason may be, clearly Facebook and Twitter were both highly motivated to.
limit the exposure of any information that would suggest anything negative with the COVID-19 vaccine.
And I have a feeling that with this post, it was something that's like that when the Facebook and Twitter are going into censor these things, you know, it's probably somewhat automated and somewhat manual process.
Like I'm sure there's an automated system that finds things for some people in California to then censor.
But the my guess with this post is it was probably you know trending in the exact.
Because they can suggest posts for you, so they know what you've been looking at recently, and they know what kind of topics people are looking into.
This probably gained a large amount of traction in the exact kind of topics they were looking to censor for COVID-19 information.
And I would imagine that because of that effect on this photo, that that's why it ended up being targeted in the first place, because it's such a meaningful story.
It probably gained so much traction.
But then the question is, I would imagine that the people doing this
probably don't even have a care in the world you know it's probably like it pops up on the screen and they hit delete like these people don't even care to look into like the meaning of it but that's why it's like the principle is like why are how are facebook and twitter even able to do this in the first place why why should they even be even if because the only claim they could be making is that the story is tangentially related to this post about this guy and what he may be saying is that you could say well he doesn't have like
You know, he didn't write a peer reviewed paper proving that this was the cause, but it's like, that's completely irrelevant.
Why are Facebook and Twitter, even the ones tasked with determining whether something is true or false?
Like the whole point, like if it's gaining traction, that would suggest that there's probably some sort of substance behind it.
Like why, why Facebook and Twitter even have this job in the first place?
That's the problem.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah, exactly.
And bottom line really is, you know, why are we being thought policed?
Why are we being voice policed?
And why is it that we can't share our own experiences?
You can take other sectors such as what they promote these days, such as racial justice or disabled communities.
You can take any of these labels, gender equality.
You can take any of these labels.
And if you go on, use the same platforms to find support, to share your story, you're able to, you're allowed to.
Yet for this particular topic around COVID and vaccines, it's being self-policed.
And this just goes back to what you said, Ben.
The bottom line to all of this is that why are these companies making these filters?
Why are they created for these specific terms?
When it is being brought up as a concern because you know, this is not just one or two people that are being censored There's six plaintiffs in this case.
I know a handful of other people Actually, I know many other people who have been censored shadow banned on Facebook I myself was shadow banned for a little while why are we being filtered for exploring this realm and
I really like this quote from the case, and it says, you know, indeed it's essential for free government that the First Amendment be safeguarded to the ends that men may speak as they think a matter is vital to them, and the falsehoods that may be exposed to the process of education discussion.
And as this is a quote from taking from another case in 1940, this argument has already been made before, has been discussed before,
And the decision is that we are allowed to speak on matters that we think are important to us.
So each individual is allowed to speak on things that they find important to them, whether it be racial issues, gender issues, societal issues, financial issues, vaccination issues.
They are important to each individual.
We are again, you know, now 2023, you know, six months into the year, we're coming across the same situation again, just with a different label.
And this quote from George Orwell puts it, you know, if liberty means anything at all, it means the right to tell people what they do not want to hear.
It's not the government's role to curate, filter, suppress disfavored speech before it reaches the eyes and ears of American citizens.
Yet this issue is precisely what's transpired and is continued to happen over and over again.
And especially I like to add in the epicenter of college campuses.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, but Facebook's not the government.

[SPEAKER_13]
Right.
Right.

[SPEAKER_12]
Or are they?

[SPEAKER_13]
Right.

[SPEAKER_12]
That's that's always people's immediate reaction is that these are private companies, they could do what they want.
But one, they're not really private companies.
And two, well, I mean, they're they're basically like the whole that's big.
And like, with some conservative commentators, this whole argument that they're
they've been granted this status as a platform and not as a publisher, which actually protects them from liability.
So like it grants them, it gives them liability protection in the sense that you can't sue Facebook because there's something some person posted on there that harms you.
You would have to sue that person directly.
Whereas like a news agency, for example, like CNN, if they post something about the Covington Catholic prison, they can get sued for defamation directly.
So like the government,
is the reason they're the ones that granted that liability protection.
So that's always an important distinction to make because even though they're not a government entity, that doesn't mean that they have free reign to censor what they wish when the governments, when the people are granting them that, that leniency in the first place.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah, absolutely.
And I think coming from our age and thinking about how we get our sources of information as young individuals, I know that for me myself, I have a more nuanced view and a more different view than probably the majority people our age.
So I did some research on where people are getting information about COVID and came across two studies that I'll briefly breeze through.
But the underline of it was that
young people find the news resources, news articles, and government organizations the most trustworthy, as well as using online internet sources.
So here, this is the Child and Adolescent Psychiatry Mental Health.
It says, in Norway, I said this was a study done in Norway, and main sources of information about COVID were the internet, newspapers, TV, and family.
Um,
And then so it was a total of 59% of nine to 10 year olds, 96 of 15 to 18 year olds, they get their daily news from social media.
So places like Facebook, right?
I think Facebook's a little older, but YouTube, Snapchat, TikTok, Instagram, they're the most popular news source for social media type news source information among kids our age, nine to 18 year olds.
Your college age is a little further out from there, but there are kids going into college, you know, 17, 18.
That's a standard age for freshmen.
And there's even kids who go to school younger, such as, you know, I did and I know Mila did.
So they're getting their information about COVID from social media, from news, from government websites, and they find government sources of information and news outlets to be the most trustworthy ones.
Say, for example, I'm your typical research subject in this age range.
And if I wanted to get information on what the latest safety was for the booster, what would I do?
I'd go to Google.
And then I look up, you know, COVID vaccine safety booster information.
And then the top most links that will come up are new sources are the WHO, the FDA, right?
And at a glance, which is
Which is what I find a lot of people are used to.
They read headlines, browse through stories on Snapchat, next, next, next, next, next, right?
This is what they get.
And I was looking at these two news articles when I looked up CDC and vaccine effectiveness.
And I noticed that the Forbes one, it says, CDC COVID-19 vaccine effectiveness fell from 91% to 66% without a variant.
So that's a shocking 25% decrease in effectiveness.
If I just looked at that headline alone, I'd be like, oh gosh,
It's not working really well.
Should I still get it?
But the next article following that, and I want you to notice the date on these things, August 24th, 2021 to August 30th, so that's six days apart these two articles published.
The next one on CNN Health says that, oh, the CDC says COVID vaccine effectiveness against severe disease has not dropped much.
So what am I supposed to believe?

[SPEAKER_14]
Awfully contradicting, aren't they?

[SPEAKER_13]
Right.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, but they didn't make any claims that are categorically false.
They just said it hasn't dropped much.
It's all relative.
It's not even 30%.
know, but that's, it's, it's almost like they're the news.
It was constant.
Everything is like a couple days cycle.
Like the news cycle is just getting faster and faster, especially during COVID.
So it was almost like everything, if they controlled enough outlets, which they definitely did as in like all social media, everything having disclaimers on it about like,
COVID-19 misinformation.
And then also, like I said, just Google news articles.
Every news article that pops up for the first three to five pages at least is gonna be positive.
And it's like, they just have to create that.
And then they compare that with everybody's collective fear and the shaming of people that won't go along with it because it's so easy for somebody to Google a bunch of stuff and say, well, no, you're wrong for this reason, this reason, this reason, this reason.
Even if like two days later, like it's saying, well, that's actually false.
And now this is true.
It doesn't even matter because it's like people have already forgotten about the other stuff because they're constantly flooding us with just basically nonsense, especially like the CDC.
I mean, look at the, look at this.
Who is this doctor?
I mean, is that, is that guy with the CDC?
Like it was just, it's just 24 seven propaganda.

[SPEAKER_14]
You also have to think about who funds these outlets and who's running them behind the scenes because something I just like came to my attention was the fact that you still look at who funds these projects because bias can come from those people as well.
They will set rules.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah, exactly.
The funding is very important.
And in fact, I did come across a grant that I found particularly concerning.
But we're going to save that for later.
Before then, OK, well, first of all, there are news outlets, right?
So the news outlets, let's go to the science.
Let's follow the science.
So you mentioned this doctor from the CDC.
Let's go for it.
I believe so.
Yeah, he's from the CDC.
I forgot his name.
This is the CDC director.
Okay, so who else than her?
And we're going to spend some time debunking reprehensible Olensky.
And as we were talking about it, as time goes on over the months, so many news sources, so many articles, so many new bits of information, we find that the news outlets are contradicting themselves.
But what happens to the science and the authority that the news outlets are taking this information from?
It turns out that government sources, they contradict themselves too, and their facts keep on changing, which is absurd because facts don't change.
So this is a little clip that I want to play from a conference with Rochelle Walensky.
And she was grilled in this one.

[SPEAKER_12]
by an Ohioan, it looks like.

[SPEAKER_11]
Why did you and the Biden administration mislead the American people?

[SPEAKER_15]
You'd have to say more.

[SPEAKER_11]
March 29th, 2021, vaccinated people do not carry the virus.
Vaccinated people don't get sick.
We got that information from clinical trials, but also real world data.
It seems to me there are a number of statements you make in there that aren't accurate.
Do vaccinated people carry the virus?

[SPEAKER_15]
In March of 2021, the vast majority of data demonstrated that the vast majority of people were not getting infected if they were vaccinated.

[SPEAKER_11]
That's not what you said.
You didn't say the vast majority of people.
You said vaccinated people do not carry the virus.
Was that accurate?

[SPEAKER_15]
It was generally accurate.

[SPEAKER_11]
Generally accurate.
Why not just be accurate?
Why not just tell the American people the truth?
Why don't you say to the American people just what you said to me?
We're big boys and girls.
We pay your salary.
The government is supposed to be of the people, by the people, for the people.
Why don't you just tell us the truth?
I was six weeks later when you said if you were to get infected during post vaccination, you can't give it to anyone else.
Was that accurate?

[SPEAKER_15]
What was the date of that?

[SPEAKER_11]
May 19th, 2021.

[SPEAKER_15]
At the time we had the Wuhan strain and then the alpha strain that was the alpha strain that was circulating.
That was generally true.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_11]
Generally true again.
Why not again?
Why not tell the American people this is generally true?

[SPEAKER_15]
I couldn't tell you the exact data on the vaccine effectiveness of symptomatic disease and severe disease at the time.
What I can tell you is that we generally saw that if you were to get infected after you had been vaccinated, that you were not carrying the virus by transmitting it to somebody else.
You could not transmit it to others.

[SPEAKER_11]
But we know that's not accurate.

[SPEAKER_15]
It was at the time.
Now, what happened?
Yes, and May of 2021.
That was true for the Alpha variant.
What happened?

[SPEAKER_11]
Let me ask you about all the generals.
Why did you and the Biden administration mislead the American people?

[SPEAKER_15]
You'd have to say more.
I wouldn't claim that I did.

[SPEAKER_13]
Alright, so generally, generally true, right?
Generally a fact.
The funny thing is, as we go on, and we can see here, so far, 58,000 fully vaccinated people have caught COVID anywhere in the US, CDC says.
And then fully vaccinated people who get a COVID-19 breakthrough infection can transmit the virus.
CDC chief says this totally is different than what we were fed that vaccinated people, it stops at vaccinated people, right?
You are a barrier to the virus.
You cannot transmit it and you'll protect all of your loved ones.
So go get vaccinated.
And yet come, you know, months later, it's like, oh, wait,
I don't think we were right.

[SPEAKER_14]
Uh-oh.
Well, something they should know not to do is to never give absolutes.
That is something you stay away from, especially on social media, while giving speeches, anything like that, because there are never any absolutes.
There are extremes.
There are outliers on both ends of things.
So you can't make a statement and state it as a fact.
No people that are vaccinated can transmit the virus.
That's inaccurate by itself because there's always going to be that one person.
But it wasn't even just that one person.
That was just completely inaccurate.

[SPEAKER_12]
There's actually only one person that isn't transmitting it.

[SPEAKER_13]
The danger of this is stating it as a fact when you come from a source, a background of authority, is that because of the Ga'a complex and because of people
understanding that you have authority, understanding that you have background, they're misled into believing that what you say is truthful and is accurate and is, especially in the realm of science, you know, proven.
In fact, last week we were just talking, not last week, sorry, on the last episode we were just talking about the misleading label of safe and effective.
how Pfizer had two different vaccines, one, Comernity and the other one, the BioNTech vaccine.
And while Comernity was actually licensed and approved to be safe and effective, it was not released and there was no lots in production.
So instead, everybody, when people went to get the umbrella term, the Pfizer vaccine, what people were actually getting was on market, which was the BioNTech one.
And the issue with that is that the term safe and effective is actually a legal term that you can only use if you have it licensed.
So it was legally allowed to be used for the Comernity vaccine.
Yet they plastered this label all over, and they plastered it over the BioNTech one, which is actually a EUA emergency use authorization one.
So it was experimental.
And for EUA terms, it may be effective, maybe.
But yet, our authorities, they told us that it is safe and effective, using the wrong label, misleading hundreds of thousands and potentially hundreds of thousands of Americans and on a global scale, who knows how many more individuals.
So down the same lane, when authorities are telling us that the fully vaccinated people cannot transmit COVID, then it leads me to think, are they doing something similar as to the licensing of the vaccines?
Are they using fully vaccinated?
How is fully vaccinated defined, first of all?
Are you taking fully vaccinated from a whole different vaccine and then applying it here?
Or is it fully vaccinated?
And as we had more boosters coming on throughout the year, what is fully vaccinated?
Are you fully vaccinated at two shots?
It was originally just two shots.
And then it started being defined as two shots plus a booster.
And then two shots, a booster, and the bivalent booster.

[SPEAKER_14]
They just kept adding them on.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah.
You can lose your fully vaccinated status.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah.
Yeah.
I know at first it was just vaccinated.
And initially after getting vaccine injured and all of that happened, we learned how to walk and everything.
They still have the mandates going on.
I tried going places because I was vaccinated and I had proof of that because I was disabled from it then.
And they wouldn't even take, when I would show my vaccine card to get into places, they wouldn't accept it.
They're like, oh, cool.
You're only half.
You're not fully vaccinated.
So we can't allow you in.
And a couple of cases, I had to show my medical exemption to get in just to prove that, oh, I can't get the next one.
And that's a violation of privacy.

[SPEAKER_12]
Well and like Phoebe to your point about them not or the FDA approving both Pfizer's vaccine and Moderna's vaccine like whenever that was like October, November of 2022, that was like immediately a justification to just like go full throttle with the mandates like employer-based mandates.
I think that's when like the Biden administration
was using, I think it was OSHA to enforce it for employers.
And then of course, like requiring any federal contractors to have a mandated vaccine requirement.
I just looked up
the like average time for a drug to clear the FDA's process for approval.
And it's about 90 months, which is, and then they're saying like, in the same article, it's reasonable to assume 10 to 15 years.
So what 92 months, I mean, that's more than seven years.
So like, this was like what, like three or four months of
like research to being approved.
So like, at the end of the day, the FDA was just leaning super heavily, basically on their brand to use their steel approval that this is now safe and effective.
So even even the commodity backs labeled vaccines, which I'm sure you have a few lucky people got those.
Even those, the approval is somewhat meaningless because clearly they didn't have the time to actually conduct longitudinal studies and see any sort of effects on these drugs.
And so at the end of the day, the whole point of the EUA is that a company can release the drug for an emergency purpose.
But that the company is then again, the law comes back to liability.
The company is shielded from liability when people take these drugs.
So like, they weren't sending out boxes or they weren't sending out trucks full of community vaccines because anybody that takes a community vaccine gets injured as a direct result for it has
legal recourse against the company, because it's no longer an EUA, it would be a fully approved product.
So if it injures somebody, they can have liability.
So as long as the ones that they're giving out are still labeled with the EUA label on the box, at the end of the day, you can't sue them for injury, or so they claim.
I mean, unless they violated that would be the case to me.
But I mean, the whole I think the whole lesson here is that the FDA itself is completely useless like and the whole reason that they should have stayed away and they should have just not even off granted approval when they clearly didn't have time to actually know if it was safe.
It's because the whole point of the way is that it's your choice.
to take that risk.
You shouldn't be able to mandate an emergency use authorized product because the whole point is that it's a special case scenario where you should only take it if it absolutely has benefits, if it's absolutely mitigating some sort of great risk to you.
If it's mitigating a tiny fractional risk, which for many people COVID post a very tiny risk to them, then why would you agree to take an emergency authorized product?
I mean, that would just be ignorant.
And it is ignorant.
but because of their branding it like an authorized product and even just using a cheap fake authorization for three three to four months of clinical trials or whatever it was even that is all just to mislead people into treating it like like a drug that's been on the market for 20 years with a clear risk profile like the government should always only exist and this is what i always thought back then the cdc the fda the only thing they should be doing if they're doing anything at all is collecting really good quality data that's not full of errors or biases and making it easy to
Publishing it and making it easy to access for people.
But that was the one thing you could never find during COVID was the actual raw numbers, the actual vaccine percentages, or the percentage of people going through hospitals, like all the data was bad.
So at the end of the day, they weren't helping anybody.

[SPEAKER_13]
Well, I beg to differ.
I beg to differ on the numbers of actual cases.
First of all, here, so this one before I want to show you guys this, that one, but this MedRxIV study, this was July 31st, 2021.
And it just defeats Ruscha Walensky's argument that, oh, it generally, you know, vaccines protected people.
Generally, it stopped transmission because this study discovered that both vaccinated and unvaccinated individuals have similar viral loads.
So you're equal.
Whether you're vaccinated or not, there's no in general, you're equal, and you can go on and read the study by scanning the QR code.
And then, what's more funny is that.
You know, she's out here, you know, initially telling people that if you get vaccinated, you're a barrier to COVID.
And yet she gets COVID herself.
Maybe she should have worn more masks, right?
That was the other arguments.
Maybe she should have just stayed in her cubicle.
But to the point of emergency and EUA, I think one of the original pipeline for producing these vaccine was that you need a EUA situation, you need an emergency.
situation in order to produce an emergency use product, right, to bypass all of the FDA regulations and 90-month studies and that whole entire process, which is very lengthy, having touched a little bit on it in the labs.
But in order to push out quickly a experimental product, you need a situation that is understandable for it.
And the situation was COVID, right?
And we were all told it's an emergency situation.
People are dropping dead like flies.
Not really.
But that was what we were told.
This is August 26, 2020, on the CDC website.
And we were told that thousands of people were dying, crazy situation.
It's very high risk, very easily transmissible.
But when you actually look at their report right here, it says, for 6% of the deaths, COVID was the only cause mentioned.
So there were comorbidities attached to all of the deaths that they lump summed as a COVID death.
And what happened was because they could inflate the statistics that way, as long as you had COVID and
fill in the blank, you were called a COVID death.
And that inflated the statistic, and that created the perception that this was a dire situation, that this was a dire emergency, and something needed to be done about it.
And so I think that was a, you know, it was such a, it was a fabricated and inflated situation when you have statistics and you have data like this that says only 6% of deaths per August 26, 2020 was truly the cause of COVID.
If only 6% of all of those people that we heard died solely because of COVID, would it feel as imminent and as dangerous as we went through during the first year of the pandemic?
And would it have made you want to take a vaccine?

[SPEAKER_12]
I mean, that's the number that's ticking on CNN.
So it's like, on the back end, they do collect the real data.
They actually want to know.
I mean, just like we have an interest in knowing if these vaccines actually work, so do they, as much as they're pushing them for the wrong reasons.
So it's like, the data exists, but it's like, what's published and what's attention is pointed to is always the misleading side.
And then the stuff with the, just throwing COVID as like, as a co-morbidity on death certificates,
I mean, I think that was even a pay point of profit for a lot of hospitals where they're getting increased subsidies, the more people they can report dying from COVID, which is bad for multiple reasons.
But one that comes to the top of my head, that's crazy just because you're almost incentivizing hospitals not to prevent people from dying in a weird way, but all of the incentives were bad.
And so, and even this, my grandpa passed from cancer during this whole time and even his death certificate mentioned COVID on it, even though he hadn't,
had COVID in over three or four months, like he'd been fully recovered.
And they just mentioned it because it was recently on his record.

[SPEAKER_14]
Isn't it interesting that the death certificate says COVID?
Because they may have never done that on death certificates for anything else.
If you die from a car crash, you'll die from head loss trauma.
Or if you die from like old age, not to say old age on your death certificate, it's going to say like heart attack.
they should not be writing, oh, you died from COVID.
It makes sense if you were like, what was it causing?
You were having breathing issues, right?
It gave you the horrible cough.
I'm not even sure what COVID caused that really killed off people.

[SPEAKER_12]
Complications from COVID-19.

[SPEAKER_14]
Complications.
Well, that isn't specific.
And those specifications are supposed to be written on the death certificate, not COVID.
You die from cancer.
It's not going to say cancer in your certificate.
It's going to say what specifically it caused.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, exactly.
The cancer stopped your heart.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah, that's that's what my grandpa said.
It said something like, his wasn't even listed in the main cause of death, because it clearly wasn't, that would have just been fraught to say that.
But there's like a separate spot where you could say other notes and that was mentioned, but he probably would have been counted as a COVID death, as far as the statistics go.
Because like, again, like, that's just fear data.
That's great fear data for them to justify everything else, justify the subsidies and the spending and the programs.

[SPEAKER_14]
You know, they're really phrasing it like people were dropping their flies.
If you really would have seen so many people dying, you would have seen it with your own eyes.
I'm not saying that there weren't any COVID deaths at all.
I'm just saying the numbers were a lot.
The mortality rate was significantly lower than how they were phrasing it.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah.
I mean, it took me months to even know somebody.
And I remember thinking about this exact thing, but before I even knew somebody, like somebody that I knew passed from COVID, like directly from it.
And I was thinking that the whole time until that happened, I was like, I don't even know anybody who's died from COVID, like the numbers can't even add up.
And again, all of these things, the Facebook posts, that comment I just made, everything would be attacked as being anecdotal, but there is some truth to like people's lived experiences, especially in the context of sharing them amongst people if they're finding common themes.
I mean, that is,
There is a way to measure reality, especially if their data is bad, then you can't rely on the data.
So what are you supposed to do?
If we can't trust the data, we have no choice but to make our own conclusions.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah, exactly.
Our new agencies, they're not getting the facts straight.
Our government sources of information are reporting these up-to-date and pure, genuine, specific scientific results.
And yet, we as citizens are banned from censored and from exploring scientific inquiry and expression.
And just like, what's driving this?
So along this episode's research, this was one of the grants that I came across.
The CDC and the HSS, they had a grant program for a million for research to prevent, predict vaccine misinformation trends.
And this was, it sounds really great.
It's to develop a
public health tool to predict vaccine misinformation trends.
The issue is that, you know, what are we constituting as misinformation?
Who defines misinformation?
It currently seems like anything that is against the vaccine that would promote quote unquote vaccine hesitancy is not factual information.

[SPEAKER_14]
How can anything count as misinformation if there's two very distinct, two sides of the story?
You know, like if things were facts, they wouldn't be able to be challenged.

[SPEAKER_13]
Right, so I actually tried to look into, you know, okay, so what exactly is, how are they defining misinformation?
And when I clicked into, because this ended just in the past month, past three months actually, so I tried to find the files of, you know, who was the final recipient,
How much did they get?
What was the final funding?
How are they defining this information now?
And who are they, you know, what does this apply to?
And what happened was I was brought to the Federal Register.
And from then, this was the meeting that was attached to that grant.
And yet it says the meeting will be closed to the public.
I don't know how they are, you know, if you're going to tell me what constitutes as, you know, a good thought and a bad thought and how you arrived at the destination, then how do I know, first of all, am I in check?
And, you know, where are my
you know, green light, red lights.
And if I'm not able to understand that and it's, you know, now that we know that our government agencies and our main sources are not presenting, you know, most accurate information, how can I, you know, trust them that this misinformation
research is based on valid claims, is based on truthful data, is based on what misinformation really is.
Because as we just went through this past hour, we debunked Rochelle Walensky's
claims about how a vaccine stops transmission.
We know through both anecdotal and proven since for the last episode, there was a proven death caused by the Pfizer vaccine.
And also that is in process that James death was due to the vaccine.
that the claims that the CDC, CNN, Forbes, any of these trustworthy sources making are false.
So why in that case should I be policed to have thoughts?
And why in that case should I?

[SPEAKER_12]
Do you know the company who got this contract?
Do you know that for it?

[SPEAKER_13]
I do not.

[SPEAKER_12]
Well, the interesting thing is there in that paragraph, we have that section highlighted.
It actually is basically saying that they're able to close the meeting because there would be trade secrets disclosed, as in like whichever company took this contract.
They're basically closing the meeting under the argument that the company is using some sort of proprietary software that somebody could then copy and duplicate illegally if this was made public information.
which is is a provision for like that to not release something but I mean clearly this is a an abuse of that provision because they're they're doing something that's going to impact people on a large scale so they could disclose certain things without disclosing like the mechanics of how they're performing it like the kind of inputs that they're placing into it like exactly you're describing like that would not be or shouldn't be something that's close to the public but
And you could easily have a closed session to discuss the actual implementation with the CDC's website or however they use it.
Of course, they're not going to share that publicly, though, because they don't want people to be able to avoid those systems.
But it is crazy that we're living in a world where the CDC even thinks that they have the authority to issue such a contract in the first place.

[SPEAKER_13]
Right, absolutely.

[SPEAKER_14]
I'm sorry, this is sort of stuff that keep going.

[SPEAKER_13]
Well, yeah, you're right.
There are these contracts and these regulations put in place and for a general sense, right, that they are there to serve a purpose.
But it's like, it's what drives, what is the motive behind it?
And if it's a malicious motive, then this can be, this regulation and this protection is then, you know,
bunk because it's actually hurting people.
You're protecting evil doing.
And for what we've seen over the past year, several years, that they don't have a great track record.
It's not just with the COVID vaccine either.
It's with other vaccines and other drugs and therapeutics that have been recalled and taken down or have injured people.
But, in a sense, bringing this back to the grant page itself, the eligible applicants was very shocking because the first one says, public and state-controlled institutions of higher education.
So I'm not sure whether or not these are sorted in order of preference, but any of these applicants, so you have your housing authorities, your city or your township governments, your state governments, your nonprofits, your school districts,
Any of these people are able to apply and they are able to adopt this funding of anyone between, you know, 400,000, 500,000 to do research on vaccine misinformation, which isn't even clearly defined.

[SPEAKER_12]
Well, and that's, it goes, it all goes around like what, what date, what was the date that this was issued?
Do you know that?
It's probably like around 2020, 2021.
Okay, October of 2022.
That's even, that's like way too late to be doing this.
But like, I'd imagine this kind of stuff, especially seeing that it has schools involved, like higher education, like this is how they shell out money when they do these like omnibus spending bills, like these trillion dollar spending bills during COVID.
They have to funnel that money to everybody.
So this probably ended up just being some sort of bribe.
They probably gave some college a million dollars to keep going along with everything.
They have to do this for everybody.
There always has to be an excuse to give the money.
So this is just one of their excuses.
I bet you like you could some college could probably get some like one coding class to do this with the expenses of like $100,000 or less and then they just get $900,000 cash to burn how they please and that's all this stuff kind of works but like that's the exact problem like the CDC shouldn't even have the resources to be wasting their time on something so simple and something so trivial like that's how we even got to this place in the first place like we set up these massive federal institutions and now they're just
wasting tax dollars with stuff that's going directly against our interests and then not letting us see the details about it.

[SPEAKER_13]
Right.
Yep, exactly.
We're the ones who will be affected, right?
They're gonna determine if we're spreading out vaccine misinformation, but we're not allowed to see the details of it.

[SPEAKER_14]
Well, the pandemic obviously highlighted the significant influence of the mass media on society and how information was distributed.
I think these were all good problems that were brought up and exposed by it.
And the constant flood of misinformation and conflicting narratives only
should go forward to motivate people to actually do their own research and and critically think don't just blindly follow the masses don't blindly follow because um overall the i'm sorry um overall the development of like using online platforms only became online echo chambers for reading government figures to just parrot
Now they're just repeating information.
And as a result, a lot of individuals, they developed confirmation bias and they led to dismiss and neglect obviously contradictory evidence and only used to reinforce their own views and the government's own views.
So the polarized media landscape, it clouded the search for objective truth.
Not only did it make it difficult to locate information from other sources to determine what is truth or not, but it also censored people and it eliminated the ability to have open dialogue.
It's a constitutional right that we have and one that we have for a reason.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah, absolutely.
Just like how we brought up, we started off the episode with the lawsuit.
And one of the important things that was mentioned was that it's indeed, it's essential.
to for free government.
You know, we have the First Amendment that we're safeguarded.
We are able to explore thoughts that we find important to us and be able to define falsehoods and do all of this through inquiry and through expression, through discussion and become educated, more educated, more knowledgeable as a society and as a group of people moving on forward.

[SPEAKER_14]
Also, do you remember how they brought experts in, experts to go and speak, right?
So what made the so-called experts more qualified than the other people, other doctors, physicians, with the same degree, the same field, and the same specialty?
Why was one labeled a COVID misinformation spreader and the other wasn't because of if they both have done research?
My guess was that one was not considered politically correct.
And I can tell you, I want my doctor to practice medicine and help my needs without worrying whether or not the condition goes against what the narrative is, or give me a false sense of confidence of how safe a vaccine or treatment is.
You have to have informed consent.
And we did talk about that in the last episode, if you guys want to check that out.
But further, different outlets are presenting conflicting narratives.
The interpretation of scientific data is so easily exposed to degrees of political influence, and those things should be kept separate.
And polarization of things will occur naturally, but we should have become skeptics of it.
Our trust should have eroded in institutions and the medical field, and also in our government, and we should
begin to think for ourselves.
We should, we have to start doing that.
We need more.
I don't even think we need more education because like, I think a lot of people are educated above their intellectual capacity.
But other than that, we just need to start thinking logically.
That's common sense again.

[SPEAKER_12]
To tie off with that, like,
The whole expert thing, if you're wearing a lab coat, this just grants you a sense of authority.
And there's a lot of people who actually want an expert to tell them what to do.
But experts in general are a common theme of command economies.
And I think comparing this to market forces is relevant.
So it's like in command economies, it's like a central team of quote unquote experts that decide everything that happens.
And they're always really inefficient as good as as good as the experts may be.
It's always better to let every individual person make their own choices in the economy.
And that's going to be the most efficient way to run it because everybody knows what they need and they know what they'll pay for it.
The same goes true with with a pandemic response, I've always thought, which is like if you the only thing that the public
that the government should be doing for the public is aggregating data that's good data and then making it widely available because you don't have to be an expert in medicine you don't have to even understand how the vaccine works you don't understand how it's developed most doctors don't know how it's developed but you don't understand how it works in the body even to be able to look at data that's saying here's the risks and here's the benefits everybody can make a cost-benefit analysis for their own life because that's what we do in every other decision
Yeah, so it's like, that's the problem with vaccines though, is that they're already hard to get people to do if it's a condition that they're not at great risk of.
And that's the problem they've always had with the flu vaccine is that they have to like somehow add payment to get people to do it.
But with COVID, the last thing they could do is share the data because as soon as people realize there's risks involved, everybody's gonna choose not to do it.
But if that's what the data is, then the people should be free to interpret it and make the wisest decisions, the decisions that the government and these experts could never do.
But that was the whole theme.
It's like you have to defer to the experts because we can't understand it.
But we can understand if something is a risk to us or if something is a benefit to us.
We don't need an expert to tell us about that.
And they're definitely not experts in that area at all.

[SPEAKER_13]
And especially if we have, you know, heard personal experiences that this didn't work out for a certain individual, it will cause you to have a second thought to making that same decision for your own self or for your family and your loved ones, right?
But, you know, as we've gone through with this episode, a lot of those stories were, you know, not able to be shared or they were prevented from being shared.
And so that voice was limited as, you know, against the narrative and as, you know, disfavored as it could be to promoting the vaccines.
You know, stories like yours, Mila, stories like James and my friends who had been vaccine injured and have, you know,
First of all, some of them are anecdotal, but some of them actually have labs and have doctors' notes written that prove that, yes, it is because of the vaccine.
They were not shared.
So what ended up was that, you know,
people who could have known did not know, and that led to a sense of, yes, that whole side is misinformation.
I'll listen to the experts because that's what they say.
But that's when things go wrong, when you're not able to have both sides of the information, whether you like it or not, that you're no longer able to make a genuine and confident decision.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah.
Well, is there any last questions or thoughts or things you should bring up?
OK, OK.
Well, thank you so much for joining us tonight, and if you found this episode helpful, please hit the thumbs up, leave a comment, and share it with your friends and family.
Thank you for watching VSRF Live College Edition, and we hope to see you again in two weeks.
Good night, everyone.
