[UNKNOWN]
Thank you.
You.
you

[SPEAKER_03]
Tonight on VSRF Live, Steve Kirsch is joined by Dr. Gert VandenBosch, who will discuss the connection between COVID-19 vaccines and white lung pneumonia.

[SPEAKER_15]
None of these guys, even these professors, virology, you name it, they don't understand the immunology.
They don't understand the vaccinology, et cetera.
So we need to evolve towards an educational system.
Now I'm going to use the big word where we have a holistic approach.
We need to teach young people to solve problems.
Here we are dealing with a global health problem.
We need to do this on behalf of society.

[SPEAKER_03]
Hello and welcome to VSRF live.
I'm Livio Sanchez.
That was our special guest tonight, Dr. Gert van den Bosch speaking in an interview on the high wire with Dell big tree.
Dr. van den Bosch is an independent vaccine research consultant in vaccine discovery and preclinical research with over 30 years of experience in vaccine research and development.
He rose to international prominence during COVID.
for warning humanity against the danger of conducting a mass vaccination program with a leaky vaccine during an active pandemic.
Gert will talk to us tonight about the various signs that his predictions are, unfortunately, coming to fruition.
It's going to be an informative discussion, so stay tuned.
We want to thank everyone who has contributed and donated to the VSRF, but we still need your help to continue the work we do in 2024.
You can donate here at, let me just give you a little banner, givebutter.com backslash C VSRF, or set up a monthly donation for 20 bucks here at vacsafety.org backslash donate.
Together we will win.
Also, quick reminder that we will have our live Q&A tonight towards the end of the show.
So please put your questions in the chat and remember to start with question all caps so our team can see it and get your questions to me.
You can also make a donation by using the super chat feature and we'll do our very best to get your question asked and answered.
Okay, without any further ado, I'm gonna bring on VSRF founder, Steve Kirsch, back from a couple weeks of away and travel and events.
How you doing tonight, Steve?
and you're muted.

[SPEAKER_13]
No, I'm just unmuted.
I'm doing good.
They're keeping me busy.
I'm always looking at the data, but I'll tell you, this New Zealand data is just awesome.
You only need to look at one graph on that New Zealand data, and I just posted it to my sub stack, and it's just unbelievable.

[SPEAKER_03]
I'll see if I can get that up shortly.
But I want to hear about your UK first, a couple of experiences.
You just went to England and you spoke at Parliament and you were with a bunch of other heroes, truth tellers.
Can you tell us a little bit about that experience in London?

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah, so Member of Parliament Andrew Bridgen arranged for a big conference room to hold this hearing in and talk about the COVID-19 issues and the pandemic response, basically.
And they reassigned him at the last minute to a very small room
They basically made sure that the audio video wasn't working.
They made sure that you couldn't get any sound out of the speaker.
So they had some prerecords they wanted to play.
And they did pretty much everything they could to make it a huge failure, turn people away.
It was standing room only in the room.
There were over 20 members of parliament.
And the the reception at the end was was very good.
They said, Kay, can we have copies of the presentation?
What can we do to help to put pressure on these people?
And one of the most stunning questions that came the one of the first questions that came out right after our presentation was, wait a minute, we have a question that came in.
So if we let people know that we now acknowledge that the vaccines have killed people, won't there be riots in the street?
And I say, no, I think there'll be a lot of relief that they finally have figured it out.
So
So we'll see what happens.
But I think the wheels are in motion.
And what's caused them to be in motion is that too many of their constituents in the UK are speaking out and asking their member of parliament to hold investigations on this.
And they're talking about their friends, their family members who are either dead or vaccine injured.
And so that's causing the members of parliament to say, maybe this isn't just a conspiracy theory, maybe this is real, because I'm hearing from a lot of my constituents.
And the more people that talk to their members of parliament and call in or write or what have you,
the better.
And if we can get things moving in the UK, then that will have a ripple effect throughout the world.
It's probably not going to happen in the US, but it'll happen.
I'm pretty sure it's going to happen in the UK.
I mean, we've gone from one member of parliament to over 20.
I mean, that's pretty huge in a short amount of time.

[SPEAKER_03]
And I'm glad you brought that up about are they having the members of parliament or other people you ran into, I know you put out a video with a cab driver, were they're experiencing firsthand someone they know or love that has had an adverse effect or possibly even died?

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah, I mean, the limo driver was extraordinary.
So I had a limo driver take me to Russell Brand's studio, which is kind of in the boondocks.
And so on the way, I said, hey, do you know anyone who died from the vaccine?
And he said, well, I know about 500 drivers.
And I know that I think he said like five of them died.
They were they were all young.
They died right after they got the vaccine.
So
to have those sorts of stats just in casual conversation on the way to the studio is quite extraordinary.
Amazing.

[SPEAKER_03]
Now, I'm glad you segued to the journey to Russell Brand.
Can you tell us a little bit about what it's like to go and spend time in his studio at his home?
And what was it like for you, Steve?
We all want to know.

[SPEAKER_13]
So his studio isn't his home.
They found a bar which was closed and they bought the bar and they converted it to this to a television studio.
And so they got this all this equipment and is is just very, very impressive the amount of equipment that they have.
And I think they have about 20 people.
And so that is that's his gig.
And so he does a great job.
And, you know, very prepared.
Right.
So I saw there they had a script beforehand and it was like five pages long.
And it talked about each of the points that Russell should bring up and then bullet points under that.
And, you know, very detailed and very well planned and executed.
So very I was very impressed.
And
And Russell Brand sacrificed a lot to go out and speak against the narrative.
I mean, he used to be monetized on YouTube.
And when he started speaking out against the vaccines, then he was deprived of a lot of revenue for no good reason just because he was telling the truth.
So I salute him for sticking to it and not being intimidated by people.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, he's taken a lot of personal flack and they've gone after him big time.
So yeah, he's put a lot on the line.
Does he have direct experience with people?
Did you ask him that might have had adverse reactions to the vaccines?

[SPEAKER_13]
We didn't get into that.
It wouldn't surprise me, but we just didn't talk about it, so I don't know.

[SPEAKER_03]
Okay, and let's circle all the way back to before you went to England, you had that big talk at MIT.
And I don't think, at least not on our show here, you've had a chance to sort of reflect back on how that went and the audience.
And I wanted to ask you, I don't think I asked you at the event, did you actually get to speak to the president of MIT while you were there in person or any other faculty?

[SPEAKER_13]
No, I really wanted to stop by Institute Professor Robert Langer's office and have a little conversation about what the data says, especially what the data from New Zealand says.
But he was nowhere to be found.
And I wasn't able to kind of spend some time around his office to try to see where he was.
And of course, going to Moderna is not going to
yield anything fruitful, so I didn't get much of a chance to do that.
It was just going there, speaking, and then I had interviews.
I was on Jimmy Dore and one other show, and then I caught a plane to the UK.

[SPEAKER_03]
We had Adam on last week.
What a fantastic young man who started the MIT Students for Open Inquiry organization and brought you to speak
In your very own auditorium.

[SPEAKER_13]
In my very own auditorium, yeah.
They couldn't find an MIT faculty member to sponsor me.
And so it was nice that there was a student group that was willing to do that.
And very courageous, because there were a handful or a couple of handfuls of MIT students in the audience.
It was mostly people from outside.
And it just goes to show you just how blue-pilled, even people who are supposed to be unbiased scientists at MIT,
um are that they wouldn't show up to find out the truth about the vaccines and in fact there are a few people that left early and they they were trying to give me comments like why didn't find your analysis to be correct or what have you but we didn't get a chance to to debate it unfortunately no they were i was they were walking out the door as they sort of flung some

[SPEAKER_03]
comment that didn't make any sense either.
Like stick around, ask some real questions.
Yeah, you were there.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, without any further ado, I want to bring on our special guest of honor this evening.
Dr. Gert van den Bosch.
Welcome Dr. Gert.
How are you doing?

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, well, thanks.
I'm doing fine.
Still very much concentrated on my favorite topic.

[SPEAKER_03]
Let me read your bio before I leave you two to have a chat so that people know who you are.
You received your DVM from University of Ghent in Belgium and a PhD in Virology from the University of Hohenheim, Germany.
After a career in academia, Gert worked for several large vaccine manufacturers in R&D and late development.
went on to join the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation's Global Health Discovery Team as Senior Program Officer and then the GAVI Alliance for Global Vaccination in Geneva as Senior Ebola Program Manager.
And remind me, I want to ask you about the World Health Organization later.
Gert subsequently became the head of the Vaccine Development Office at the German Center for Infection Research in Cologne.
You are now primarily serving as biotech vaccine consultant while also conducting your own research on natural killer cell-based vaccines.
You're a creative thinker, innovator, entrepreneur, and visionary who, as we noted at the top of the show, have been warning the world about the dangers of COVID mass vaccination program in the middle of a pandemic.
You can check out your new book on this topic.
Let me fly out a quick shot of your book cover there.
Um, it's called the inescapable immune escape pandemic.
We'll put the links in the chat and again, a fine welcome and thank you for staying up late with us this evening.
And on that note, I will leave the two of you for a, what I'm looking for is a stimulating conversation.

[SPEAKER_15]
Sure.

[SPEAKER_13]
Thanks.
All right.
Good to see you.
So anything, you know, we've all read your predictions and so forth and advice.
Is there anything like new that would have changed anything that you've said that
Um, that you recently learned, like, oh, you suddenly decided that, uh, new information shows that the COVID vaccines are safe and you were wrong or, you know, anything that, uh, uh, anything new that we should know any updates or, you know, what's, what's the biggest thing at the top of your mind right now?

[SPEAKER_15]
Well, the biggest thing right now and it's only, you know, you can only frame this if you follow the evolution of the virus and of course also the immune response as the virus is evolving also the immune response is changing.
And so I mean, the devil is in the detail.
So there is many things that at first glance don't seem very important.
But for example, the fact that there is now the GN1 lineage that is growing very fast and that is, for the first time, incorporating a number of mutations
that are in fact enhancing the reproductiveness of the virus and that are not located in the spike protein that is very, very new and very, very worrisome, very worrisome.
Yeah, it's of course complex, but what we see is that in the meantime, not only I guess in the US, in several different states, but also in Europe, hospitalization rates and even mortality rates due to COVID are again climbing.
And if you put all these factors together, there is at least, from my viewpoint, a reason for a big, big concern that we are in the last
straight line to what I've been predicting since quite a long time, which is the emergence of a new variant that would have the capacity to cause highly virulent, very severe disease in highly vaccinated populations.
We can talk about how these things are connected.
None of this is unfortunately
very simple, but it's very clear.
What is very clear is that so far the mutations that we have seen were very much concentrated on the spike protein.
And as we have seen after the advent of Omicron,
In fact, the mutations have become less and less selective in the sense that at the beginning they were primarily focused on the receptor binding domain.
And then we have seen several different mutations in spike that were no longer located in the receptor binding domain.
what we are seeing right now.
And of course, as I was always saying, it's not a coincidence that we are vaccinating with vaccines that are targeting, of course, spike.
And it's not a coincidence that the immunodominant domain within spike is the receptor binding domain.
So in fact, every single time that you see mutations
that become dominant, the question should be, what is the kind of immune pressure that the population is exerting on the virus?
So I give one example when Omicron came all of a sudden,
Some people were saying, well, this is kind of like another virus that the stakeholders put in the game to prolong the pandemic.
And even very intelligent people, very intelligent scientists,
have been saying that this was not a natural evolution and that something was very suspicious because the virus could not naturally evolve in that way.
And then, of course, you come in the whole realm of conspiracy theories, et cetera.
And then I'm always saying to people, listen, you cannot understand the evolution of the virus.
If you don't understand the kind of immune pressure that the population is putting on the virus, if that pressure is such that it requires the virus in order to survive, to implement a number of mutations, even very suddenly, like Omicron did, then there is no surprise that all of a sudden the virus can change dramatically.
And of course, one could say, well, the mortality rates are pretty low still and hospitalization rates, et cetera.
And for example, GN1 is not more virulent than the other co-circulating variants, et cetera.
So this is all part of the narrative and this is all part of the interpretation of those who have no deep understanding of this evolution.
But what I'm saying is that, for example, GN1 is now very worrisome, not because of its intrinsic virulence, but because of its high infectiousness.
So, so far what we are seeing is that the antibodies that are still prevailing in vaccinees have an infection mitigating effect.
So, they can still mitigate, mitigate infection.
But of course they cannot prevent the infection and it's very interesting.
I'm sure you guys are aware of these papers that I'm debunking all the time where scientists are trying to demonstrate that the antibodies in vaccinees have still neutralizing capacity.
So this is a very strange phenomenon if you have, for example, neutralizing antibodies or antibodies that used to be neutralizing, but that are no longer neutralizing.
But they are present, for example, in very high concentration because vaccinees get all the time re-exposed to the virus, which, by the way, circulating virus is highly infectious, or they get boosted by this mRNA boost.
Then you get exceptionally high titers of antibodies that, in fact, are no longer neutralizing.
At this very high concentration,
they can still bind to the virus in a way that it is protected from the receptors.
That is only possible at very high concentrations.
You see immediately that when the concentrations go down,
the effect is no longer neutralizing, but it is an infection mitigating effect.
And that mitigating effect is in fact due to the fact that the antibodies that are no longer neutralizing can still, I call this, sorry, it's a little bit complicated, are hydrophilizing the virus.
So in fact, they are stabilizing the virus
in the ecosuspension so that it is more stabilized in the ecosuspension and it does not have contact with the cell.
So that mitigates the infection.
So what we are seeing right now is, and that is the reason these antibodies in other, how is this possible?
Well, this is simple possible because these antibodies do not match very well with the epitopes of the circulating virus and therefore they have low affinity.
And that is what low affinity antibodies do.
They can solubilize, so to say, the virus without really neutralizing it.
And this kind of effect is due, as I was saying, to low affinity.
And low affinity of antibodies means also that the specificity for the S-associated epitopes is becoming lower and lower.
So low affinity.
means low specificity for the S-associated epitopes.
That is also why you see that immune escape has become broader and broader.
So after Omicron came, we had what is called in the literature, large-scale immune escape, no longer really focused.
Initially, we had this convergent evolution towards very specific sites within
spike protein.
Now what we're seeing right now is large-scale evolution where several different size epitopes are targeted within spike.
So what we are seeing right now is that the specificity
with the GN1, the specificity is no longer targeted at spike proteins, so that means the immune pressure is no longer on spike alone, and that is where you start to see
other changes or changes in other viral proteins that, however, are still enhancing the infectiousness of the virus.
Remember, even if antibodies have an infection mitigating effect, infection mitigating is not infection neutralizing.
Infection mitigating means suboptimal.
Optimal would be neutralization.
Suboptimal is infection mitigating.
Because of this infection mitigating effect, you continue immune escape, of course, because suboptimal immune pressure leads to immune selection of more infectious variants.
That's what we have seen all the time.
All the variants that we've seen so far were characterized by greater, by higher infectiousness compared to the predecessor.
And so what we see right now is that this infectious pressure has become even broader and it has now also affected other proteins, other viral proteins.
And that is very worrisome because according to my analysis and I
I've written this or I've documented this in my book.
What is right now controlling the infectiousness in vaccinees are CTL responses, cytotoxic T cells.
Cytotoxic T cells that have very, very low specificity.
And so that is also why now the mutations or the mutants that are prevailing like GN1 have no longer this specificity which is targeted at spike protein and other proteins are involved.
But what is important to realize is that this CTL activity
So you have T cells, you have helper T cells, you have cytotoxic T cells.
Now all the activity is focused on the CTLs and these cytotoxic T cells will of course prevent T helper cells from coming into the play.
And these T helper cells are required to boost non-neutralizing antibodies.
And these non-neutralizing antibodies, as I describe in my book as well,
are responsible for inhibiting the virulence of the virus.
So what we are seeing right now is that the antibodies, the non-neutralizing antibodies that prevent, so to say, severe disease due to COVID and that prevent virulence are declining because of enhanced activity of the CTL responses.
And how do we know that there is enhanced activity of the CTL responses?
Because
the pressure exerted on the virus by those CTLs is not variant-specific, is not even spike-specific, which explains why the new variant, GN1, is now having mutations that are not only not variant-specific but not even spike-specific anymore.
So if you take all these things together, very complex analysis, I think I'm having very alarming news.
It's just coincidence, Steve, that this happens to coincide, I would say, with the show, with the interview.
But the GN1 is very, very alarming because the mutations are no longer restricted to spike protein, which indicates enhanced activity of CTLs to diminish viral infectiousness.
And that CTL activity is responsible for the decline of T cells that, in fact, boost the non-neutralizing antibodies that prevent virulence.
So that is what I've been predicting all the time, that ultimately this evolution would inevitably lead to the emergence of a highly virulent variant that would cause waves of hospitalization and severe disease in highly vaccinated countries.
Of course, always the same, only in highly vaccinated countries, right?

[SPEAKER_13]
So that's a relief.
So what you're saying is that you ain't seen nothing yet.
And this is just act act one and prepare for act two, which is going to be more people infected.
And so do you believe that that what's coming up is are more more death?
I mean, certainly more infections.
But do you predict like twice as many deaths, three times as many deaths as before?
Like what?
Can you quantify what you think is going to happen?

[SPEAKER_15]
I I hate to do this, Steve, but I'm that's OK. No, no, no, no.
But I mean, of course, I cannot, you know, it's not it's not because I'm afraid of figures.
It's just that I'm afraid to say that in my humble opinion,
What we will see is something completely, completely unprecedented in terms of, uh, the magnitude of the wave of, uh, morbidity and, and unfortunately mortality that we will see and, you know, but quantify that for me 10 times, five times, three times, 20 times.
Yeah, what we have seen right now, well, I mean, I would rather say that in some of these highly vaccinated populations, depending, of course, on age and a little bit depending on vaccine coverage and on the speed of the vaccination, but I, you know, would not be surprised that, you know,
We will be dealing with serious decimation of the population in some populations, maybe up to 30, 40 percent.

[SPEAKER_13]
OK, so OK, so 40 percent of people will die.

[SPEAKER_15]
Well, in a highly inserted highly vaccinated, you know, like in Israel, for example.
Yeah, well, and do you have any information from Israel, Steve?
I've been actively searching, but I can't find anything, you know, after, let's say October or something.
So, but we see that this GN1, for example, is now all of a sudden, and you can imagine, there has been selection pressures on epitopes that condition
infectiousness or viral entry within spike, okay?
So that selection you have.
If all of a sudden one of these selected mutants happen just by coincidence, happen to have some additional mutations that can enhance its infectiousness and it has not to do with viral entry,
You know, it has to do with a higher or a more effective production or reproduction rate once the virus is inside the cell.
So the epitopes that are now mutating are epitopes of other proteins that are contributing to a more effective synthesis of the virus.
And that will, of course, lead to or that leads to higher viral production.
But yeah, I haven't seen figures from other countries, but I know that, for example, this GN1, because it has this exceptional advantage of not only having
the mutations linked to spike protein that promote infectiousness but also a bunch of other infection enhancing mutations so it's not a surprise that all of a sudden
GN1 is almost like replacing and accelerating very, very fast in several different countries.
I mean, in Spain, in France, in the Netherlands, in my country, in Belgium, I know in the US, in the UK, but probably in most countries.

[SPEAKER_13]
So what's the I forget what the term for it was a replication factor, you know, like Delta had this, you know, was reproduction reproduction factor, you know, the like, how does this reproduction factor compare with the variance that we've had in the past?

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, well, I haven't three times more or yeah, I haven't seen it for for for G and one, but let's say in general,
the reproduction factor or the infectiousness, in fact, because it's a metric for the infectiousness,
of the latest omicron descendants is between 10 to 100 times higher than for the early omicron descendants.
So the difference between the late omicron descendants in terms of the infectiousness compared to the early omicron descendants
is way higher, way higher than the difference in infectiousness between the early Omicron descendants and the previous Delta, for example.
So that is why people are also saying, I mean, this is insane that we still talk about Omicron descendants.
It should be completely different serotypes.
These viruses are now so incredibly different
that in fact they are still descendants from Omicron, but they are so different in terms of their biological characteristics, especially the infectiousness.
And of course, of course also their evasion, immune evasion.
And it's very strange because nobody obviously is wondering how it is possible
that the neutralization sides of the virus have completely mutated away from the original neutralizing structure and nevertheless
You know, that is what the health authorities are saying.
This, you know, the sera are still neutralizing the virus.
It's a kind of pseudo-neutralizing effect that only occurs at very, very high concentration.
But normally, as soon as the concentration goes down a little bit, you have an infection mitigating effect, which is suboptimal and drives immune escape because the pressure is suboptimal.
And that is what explains the succession of more and more infectious variants.
of antibodies that are less and less variant-specific and now immune responses that are even no longer spike-specific in terms of the CTL responses.
And because the CTL, as I was saying, is linked
to the absence of helper cells that can maintain the concentration of the non-neutralizing antibodies that prevent virulence.
For me, GN1 is a milestone, is a milestone, really.
And I'm, of course, very, very anxious to see what is going to happen, not in the coming months, but in the coming days and in the coming weeks.

[SPEAKER_13]
Wow.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, I know.

[SPEAKER_13]
Days and weeks.
Yeah.
Okay.
Being a milestone, you're talking about a milestone in a bad way, not in a good way, just to make sure everybody's on the same page.

[SPEAKER_15]
Remember, Steve, when Omicron came, this was a dramatic change, right?
First of all, nobody expected this.
Secondarily, it was very abrupt, very, very sudden.
Third, it came with an amazing bunch of mutations, almost over 30 mutations within the receptor binding domain, right?

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah, at the same time, very quickly.

[SPEAKER_15]
At the same time.
And that was a direct consequence of putting immune pressure on the infectiousness of the virus, right?
What I'm saying is that now that when the non-nutilizing antibodies are declining, we are putting pressure on the virulence-inhibiting activity of the virus.
And that is restricted to only one conserved domain, a small domain.
So you can imagine that
If you put pressure on several different domains, I mean, the pressure will be diluted if you like.
If you all focus this on one particular domain, it goes very, very fast.
There's also the reason why with Omicron, you know, everybody was just watching what was going on and all of a sudden you had Omicron with a dramatic amount of mutations within no time.

[SPEAKER_02]
Right.

[SPEAKER_15]
And so this type of speed is what I expect, if not worse, right?

[SPEAKER_13]
Okay.
Okay.
So I'm going to back up real quick and, you know, we're running short on time.
So if you keep your answers a bit shorter, we can get through this.
I'm curious in terms of just, I'm going to just go back really to the origin of SARS-CoV-2.
Do you believe that this thing is natural origin and you think this was manmade?
Your opinion.

[SPEAKER_15]
Well, Steve, is there something in between?
So let me say from my viewpoint as a virologist.

[SPEAKER_13]
Well, there's always something in between.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, we can certainly, I think it's impossible to rule out that the virus escaped from the lab.
We know from the sequence that this type of virus could have

[SPEAKER_13]
Can we rule out the natural origin theory that man had nothing to do with this and this just was an unfortunate accident?

[SPEAKER_15]
Well, the interesting thing, the interesting thing is that, and people have done those analysis, many people living in China and yeah, especially in China have shown zero conversion against the bat coronavirus, right?
But without showing any symptoms, without showing any symptoms.
So this SARS-CoV-2 could also have directly jumped
from bats to humans, but then my question is, why was it not like all the other bat viruses, coronaviruses in the past, asymptomatic?
And then, of course, you come back to my previous experience as a virologist,
where you isolate a virus and the more you are going to culture it and to do serial passages on another cell line, for example, a Cuban cell line, the more that virus will adapt and the more it will become infectious.
And that is something that we can definitely not rule out that this has happened and that the virus escaped from the lab.

[SPEAKER_13]
Right.
But if I were to basically force you to choose one, a natural origin theory, or it escaped from the lab,
Which one would you choose?
You choose the escape from the lab, right?

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, well, yeah, I think the bat, you know, these bat coronavirus.
I mean, that's what we did all the time.
Now it's a big deal.
But back in those days, we did this all the time.
You were isolating a virus from a certain animal species and you wanted to see whether it could adapt to another cell line from another species, for example.
And then you were doing serial passages.
And, you know, if the virus can jump by doing the serial passages, you're just going to increase its infectiousness, right, on the cell line.
And that is why all of a sudden you will have a high virus yield, et cetera.
So for me, Steve, it's surprising that multiple bat viruses have spilled over to humans without causing any symptoms.

[SPEAKER_13]
So you're just confirming, you're just trying to give me a yes answer that man was involved in the creation of COVID-19?

[SPEAKER_15]
Well, in the creation, yeah, well, by adaptation.

[SPEAKER_13]
In the emergence or whatever.
The point is that this didn't come out of nature.

[SPEAKER_15]
Well, it came out of the lab, but this is still different from engineering, you know, and from scratch.
Right, right.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah, yeah.
That's how it always works.
OK, so the question is, so this thing's going to become a big deal.
What is the best thing for someone to do to prevent
uh or to mitigate or to you know reduce the chance that you're going to end up hospitalized or dead if you get the latest variant is it boy be sure to not get vaccinated like are people who are unvaccinated going to do way better than anyone who is vaccinated or vaccinated recently like what's the spectrum like if i was i know a lot of people who are current on their covid vaccines those people are going to
uh be the worst off do you think versus the people that maybe had one or two shots like I got conned into or versus the people who got um who are unvaccinated what do you think the net effect on those three cohorts I just gave you three different scenarios what do you think the effect will be on
Totally people who are totally unvaccinated from the COVID vaccine, people who took maybe one or two shots very early on versus people who are up to date.
What's what would be the what's your prediction in terms of the outcome when these people get COVID now?

[SPEAKER_15]
The unvaccinated have clearly shift to another arm of the immune system, which is the innate immune system.
and have trained this innate immune system.
So that is normally the innate immune system is the first line of immune defense and it is not perfect.
That is why you have the special forces like the B and the T cells for any intruder that, you know, passes beyond the first line of immune defense.
Unless, of course, you are going to train this, I would say that this is like the infantry at the border of a country, right?
If you train it, it will be able to better intercept
the enemy at the border.
And ultimately, you won't need special forces anymore because of training.
So that is the situation in the in the unvaccinated.
For me, unvaccinated who are healthy, who are healthy, they will perfectly cope with all these new variants, regardless of their level of infectiousness.

[SPEAKER_13]
OK, what about people who got one or two shots early?

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, well, then it becomes, the question is whether these are mRNA vaccines.
So Steve, I know we need to cut this thing short, but what has happened, the key word in all this is immune refocusing.
So that means that people who got vaccine breakthrough infections, right?
Vaccine breakthrough infections have reoriented the immune system
to antibodies of less affinity and less specificity.
How does it come that we all of a sudden have this infection mitigating effect and other type of antibodies?
Remember the broadly neutralizing antibodies, the bread.
This is due to immune refocusing.
And this is normally triggered by vaccine breakthrough infections, but I'm describing this in detail in my book, mRNA vaccines in their own right without vaccine breakthrough infections can already trigger this immune refocusing.
So that means that one or two injections of mRNA vaccine set you up already for dramatic escape to the immune response
for the virus.
And they are clearly worse than the other vaccines, but still, as I was saying, three injections of a normal COVID vaccine and two injections of an mRNA vaccine for me are already too much.
And then after that, people think all the time that it matters whether they get more vaccinations, but we forget that is what is vaccinating people right now and continuing this perpetuous circle of vaccine breakthrough infections and immunity forms is the virus itself, is the virus itself or the vaccine breakthrough infections, right?

[SPEAKER_13]
OK, so let me summarize.
Let me see if I can.
summarize what your answer is.
If you're not vaccinated at all, you're better off.
If you're semi vaccinated, you got one or two shots, you're worse off.
And if you're fully vaccinated and up to date with your boosters, you're you're in bad shape.
That be fair?

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, absolutely.

[SPEAKER_13]
Okay, can you quantify that for me?
in terms of sort of level of, you know, risk?
Is it like between if you're unvaccinated, it's like one X versus fully vaccinated your 10 X or, you know, what's what do you think the difference will be in terms of how this variant will affect people on a relative scale?
So if if if it's if it's one if it's a one for people who are unvaccinated, is it like a 10 or 100 for people who are fully vaccinated?
I mean, can you
Give me a rough, you know.

[SPEAKER_15]
Absolutely.
There is black and there is white.
And the black and the white are the unvaccinated versus the fully vaccinated.
And then, of course, you have a gray zone.
And this gray zone is those that are, you know, probably.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah, I know.
I know.
But what's the difference between black and white here?
Is it 100 to one?

[SPEAKER_15]
As you were saying, if the unvaccinated is 1 and the maximum is 10 for the fully vaccinated, then it is 1 in 10.

[SPEAKER_13]
I'll give you a scale of 1 in 100.
Could it be 100 times worse if you're fully vaccinated for this scenario?
Absolutely.

[SPEAKER_15]
If you are not, if you are unvaccinated and, you know, you got exposed so many times, so many times to the virus, this has all to do with epigenetic changes and training of DNA immune system, this is science that is known since 20 years.
But I'm always saying, even if you're trained, you know, like a sportsman, you're trained
But for example, you were drunk the day before or you didn't sleep well, you will not be able to exploit the benefit of your training.
So what I'm saying is that even people who are well trained and unvaccinated, but are not taking care of their health in general, will not be able to take advantage of that training.
So there could be, but if besides that, there is no reason to believe
that the unvaccinated would succumb to severe disease regardless of the infectiousness and the characteristics of the newly or upcoming variants.
Whereas fully vaccinated, I mean, as I was saying, this is the one immune escape after the other with.
Already right now, in fact, what is still protecting these highly vaccinated people from severe disease, the only thing is still the non-neutralizing antibodies that prevent the virulence.
So if that is gone, they have not innate immunity, they have not trained this, their normal adaptive immune system with the neutralizing antibodies,
Yeah, it doesn't work anymore because there is resistance.
And if now, in fact, the virus also manages to overcome the virulence inhibiting effect of the non-neutralizing antibodies, come on, then you have any virus can be highly, any virus can be highly virulent if you have no immune defense whatsoever.
Then it goes through the whole system.

[SPEAKER_13]
God.
Okay.
So here's what's going to happen.
This thing is going to be killing a lot of vaccinated people and the CDC, I mean, we can like almost predict, you know, exactly what's going to happen.
Right.
A lot of people are going to be in, uh,
infected by this, a lot of people are going to die from this.
And so what the CDC will do is you say, oh, we've got a new vaccine, you know, and get your booster now to in order to prevent you dying from this.
Like, we're going to basically do the exact opposite.
of what we should be doing, right?
We're going to, the health authorities are basically going to turn up the volume here by telling people, get vaccinated now, this new variant is coming, you need to be protected.
And they're going to be basically just putting, they're putting gasoline on the fire, right?

[SPEAKER_15]
That's what they have been doing all the time.

[SPEAKER_13]
No, I know.
But but it's it's like even but with with this variant, it's even more important that we do the opposite and say don't.
Right.
But but we're going to be pedal to the metal here and we're going to help the this this new variant kill a lot of people.
Basically, that's that's the way it's going to work.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, well, the evolution that I'm seeing right now is extremely worrisome.
And in fact, of course, I can be wrong and people can... Everybody makes mistakes.
You know, at a fool or whatever.
But what I'm telling you, Steve, is that in my humble opinion,
As from now, things will go so fast that all this bullshit what we are hearing, I'm completely ignoring it because it will not happen.
what will first come is what nature is determining right now.
And of course, those who are not following this evolution, of course you stick to the narrative, come on guys, these vaccines are still protecting against severe disease, hospitalization, mortality rates are still relatively low.
And then if stuff happens, then of course the message will be, yeah, we need to continue to vaccinate.

[SPEAKER_13]
Right, it'll be double down.
Let's double down on masks.
What's this time they will come too late.
Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah.
So

[SPEAKER_15]
So, but in the meantime, Steve, all what we are seeing, all this immune pathology, the cancers, reactivation of chronic diseases, et cetera, so that is the interesting thing, is also linked to the same causes that are responsible for immune escape, namely immune refocusing.
If you refocus the immune response to less specific domains, these are domains that are more conserved within the virus.
Why are they more conserved?
Because they have a stronger mimicry with self proteins of our body, with self components.
So not only is the immune refocusing, promoting immune escape, it is also more and more directing the immune response to more self-resembling, self-mimicking components, which we know are responsible for causing more autoimmunity, cancers, et cetera.
So that is what we will see, what we have seen already, the excess deaths, right?
The excess deaths non-COVID related.
But that will transition in severe COVID disease.

[SPEAKER_13]
OK.
So is there any recommendation for if you get GN1, if you get infected?
Should you be using the traditional ivermectin, metformin, fluoxamine, whatever approach, or vitamin D, or get some sunshine?
What do you recommend?
If you were just infected with GN1, how would you treat it?

[SPEAKER_15]
Steve, first to correct you, it doesn't matter whether it is GN1 or another.
What GN1 is doing is that it has enhanced infectiousness, and it will more and more drive the CTL responses, which will diminish the concentration of the non-neutralizing antibodies.
That will affect any of the circulating variants.
So that is the tricky thing.
They are saying, of course, GN1 is not more virulent than the others.
The intrinsic virulence is, of course,
It's the same.
That's not the problem.
The problem is indirect.
Because of its higher infectiousness, the immune system has more difficulty to cope with it.
The CTL responses that are full time and full speed
activated or having the detrimental side effect of not allowing T cells to be recalled that should boost the non-neutralizing antibody responses.
And when those go down, any variant will be affected.
So my advice for whatever variant is when people see that this wave, which is now probably starting, we can all follow this.
rising hospitalization and mortality rates due to COVID and should be primarily in vaccinees.
I don't know whether we can control this.
When you see this, I would recommend all people who are fully vaccinated to prophylactically
take antivirals.
And of course, the antivirals, you know, they should be available in sufficient supply and cheap and effective and safe.
I mean, there is only one or two like ivermicin and hydroxychloroquine that comply with those requirements, of course.
And all the monofluous have become resistant.
You know, there is a resistance against all this stuff right now.

[SPEAKER_13]
Okay, so you would be prophylactically taking ivermectin and hydroxychloroquine.

[SPEAKER_15]
Because it will go so fast, Steve.
I was just saying, you know, no innate immunity trained.
Forget the neutralizing antibody responses.
And then when you have the last defense, also the the filaments inhibiting antibodies that are overcome by this variant, you know, you have nothing.
So it will go very, very fast.
So you won't have time to do early treatment.

[SPEAKER_13]
Okay, so what kind of dosage are we talking about, given prophylactically?
That I don't know.

[SPEAKER_15]
This is outside of my field.
You know, I'm always very, very clear.
This is beyond the scope of my... Fortunately, I don't have to bother about this.
All my friends and family, they took me very seriously.
They're not vaccinated.

[SPEAKER_13]
Right, but if they're taking you seriously now, they should be treating themselves prophylactically, right?
And you should too.

[SPEAKER_15]
Those who are vaccinated, not those who are unvaccinated.

[SPEAKER_13]
Okay, so if you're unvaccinated, you're saying you just write it out.

[SPEAKER_15]
Of course, the only thing you need to do when you are unvaccinated, that is what they had to do, was to make sure they continue to be exposed.
If you are well trained, Steve, and then you have a break for like two or three months, it's like you start from zero again.
You can best compare this to physical exercise, to physical training.

[SPEAKER_13]
Okay, so you're all right.
So you're saying that unvaccinated, just make sure to take care of yourself.
Try to artificially restrict your right.
Don't don't try to artificially restrict your exposure to you know, keep a healthy immune system effectively.
And if you're vaccinated, then you're going to be better off using some sort of prophylactic at some level.
So because it'll happen so quickly that you can't, it'll hit you before you know it.
So you're better off prophylactically.

[SPEAKER_15]
If this trend right now of increased hospitalizations and mortality due to COVID is confirmed and increases during the next weeks or days, what I expect, if I were vaccinated, I would immediately, immediately prophylactically
Take these antivirals.

[SPEAKER_13]
But what about prophylactically treating yourself with a nose spray like the iodine nose sprays?

[SPEAKER_15]
Well, Steve, I don't know.
It may not be sufficient.
Remember, if you have no defense, the goal should be, you know, you have zero tolerance to the virus.
You have zero tolerance.
So, you know, any viral particle that enters your body and could potentially enter into the cell, and they are highly infectious right now.
They are highly infectious.

[SPEAKER_13]
Okay, so you're saying just multiple defenses would be your best strategy?

[SPEAKER_15]
Well, if you're sure that your nose spray or whatever washes you're using would eliminate, I would doubt this, I mean, would eliminate all the virus that you could possibly get on your mucosa, then that would be fine.
But that is not going to be the case, of course.
You have this this infection, it kills 80, 90 percent of the virus.
It's never 100%.

[SPEAKER_13]
Right, right, right.
OK. Livio, you want to go for questions?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, I'm still processing all this incredibly frightening information.
Some people ask, why was Steve laughing a little bit?
Well, it helps with the unnerving of what Dr. VandenBosch is presenting here, especially as I think about both of my sons got one J&J and another one got a Pfizer first and second dose.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, there is a bit.
I mean, as I was saying, there is a gray zone and it makes a big difference whether or not vaccinated people have been exposed to the virus before they got the vaccine or whether they have not been exposed to natural infection before they got the vaccine.
If they got exposed, they possibly trained their innate immune system, which is, of course, a huge advantage.
But think about all the elderly people, for example, or people with underlying diseases or with immune suppressive medication.
These people have been vaccinated first.
Many of them had not even been exposed to the virus before they got vaccinated.
So training of the innate immune system is zero, right?
So these are the cases that I'm extremely worried about.
The younger people were vaccinated later on.
Many of them got exposed already one or two times before they got vaccinated.
They will, immunologically speaking, definitely be better off.

[SPEAKER_03]
if they even know they got exposed.
But yeah, let's start with some questions.
First one from Carol Briz for Geert.
What about these new RNA vaccines touted by Japan, the self-replicating ones?

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, well, I mean, there is already, you know, not major, but, you know, the concern about the current mRNA vaccines is already beyond what we can accept.
So this self-replicating mRNA vaccines are even worse.
I mean, the whole thing is that for the first time in vaccinology, you have no control
No control whatsoever on the antigen.
I mean normally
With the classical vaccines, you have control of the dose, you have control of the site of injection where this thing is injected, you have control of the duration during which the antigen persists in the body.
With the mRNA vaccines, also with the self-replicating mRNA, you have no control whatsoever.
So all of this goes
fundamentally against all principles of vaccinology.
That is one thing.
And the second thing that I'm extremely worried about, and that is proven, is that if you have this mRNA vaccine, it's also the self-replicating, what you're going, it's not mimicking natural infection.
With natural infection, the spike protein gets expressed at the surface of the cell.
And then when the virus particles are built, it disappears.
Whereas here, the mRNA is such that it is stabilized and that it will be expressed on the cell membrane of the transfected cell for a prolonged time.
which means that the immune system is now recognizing the spike, but it's not a full-fledged spike, it is sitting on a self-membrane, on the membrane of the host.
So what you get are antibodies, you generate antibodies that are suboptimal, that have low affinity for this spike.
And that is what is already generating immune refocusing.
So an immune refocusing is going to drive immune escape.
Therefore, I'm saying people, you know, I'm a vaccinologist.
The mRNA vaccines will inevitably kill themselves.
The technology, regardless of any secondary effects, will kill themselves in terms of effectiveness because it's simply driving immune escape.
And that is what we have seen.
I mean, with the mRNA vaccines, after the second dose, you got, so to say, broadly neutralizing antibodies.
Come on.
Why, all of a sudden, you are now generating antibodies that protect against the spectrum of several different variants, variants that the vaccinee has not even been in contact with before?
And then this activity drops very rapidly.
These are the low affinity antibodies that I'm talking about that have suboptimal neutralizing capacity and that drive immune escape, right?
So it is rubbish in all regards.
And the more you have this technology automated and amplified, like with the self-replicating, the worse it is, if there is one principle,
that is not valid in immunology and vaccinology, it's the more the better.
That is almost always wrong in vaccinology and immunology.

[SPEAKER_03]
What gets me about this particular one is how fast it gets approved.
In your experience... Yeah, it gets approved without any testing, right?
Yeah, like nowadays it seems like they're just constantly approved.
How long did it historically take when you were working for the big pharmaceuticals?

[SPEAKER_15]
Well, you know, I mean, and now we are talking, we are talking about the classical vaccines.
I'm not even talking about the mRNA vaccines.
I can tell you changing an excipient
changing a vaccination schedule, for example, changing anything in the manufacturing process of the very same vaccine, changing a target population simply by a few ages, et cetera, could already take several years, several years.
So not to talk.

[SPEAKER_03]
Just a change in an existing vaccine.

[SPEAKER_15]
Absolutely.
Come on.
This is not my talk.
This is all documented.
Every vaccinologist in industry knows this, right?
And all of a sudden, I mean, all this is thrown overboard.
And now you can, you know, you can vaccinate people that are not even part of the clinical trials.
You can do a prime with vaccine A and then a boost with vaccine B and then another boost with vaccine C and it's all over.

[SPEAKER_13]
Mix and match.
Right.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, it's just, I mean, I have no words for this as a vaccinologist, right?
I have no words for this.

[SPEAKER_13]
Well, you have no words that are printable or could be said on national TV.

[SPEAKER_15]
My vocabulary is way too restricted.

[SPEAKER_03]
So I got a question from J. Drennan 12.
Is the violence going to affect unvaxxed as much as vaxxed?

[SPEAKER_15]
Well, that's the question that Steve has been asking.
I'm always saying, and there is proof of this, in none of my interviews, in none of what I said have I been discriminating between vaccinees and the unvaccinated, but there is one thing that fundamentally
distinguishes vaccinated people from unvaccinated, and that is their immune status.
The unvaccinated have now, you know, completely relied on their innate immune system, which is normally not sufficient to fully protect you unless you train it like hell.
And that is what they have been doing with all these more and more infectious variants.
And some people, you know, including myself, got sick one or two times, etc.
That is what it takes, training, right?
Sometimes it's painful.
But of course... Training how?
Now, when you have this training, that means that at an early stage of infection, innate means that the immune system can intervene and kill the cell at an early stage of infection.
What does that mean at an early stage of infection?
That means once the virus has entered into the cell but has not yet produced progeny virus, right?
And when you kill it at that moment, of course, I mean, it's sterilizing immunity.
And that is what the vaccinees don't have.
They have been told that the vaccine would do the job and that the antibodies that the vaccine would generate would protect them.
So we know today that this is not the case.
So that is a completely different situation, of course.

[SPEAKER_13]
I'm really curious.
Do you think there's any safe vaccine out there?
I haven't seen a vaccine that's safe.
Do you know of any safe vaccine?

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, well, you know, it's always there is benefit.
There is benefiting, Steve.

[SPEAKER_13]
I mean, no, no, no, no.
I haven't seen one where the benefits actually outweigh the risks because they're always hiding the safety data.
They're always hiding the safety data.
It is never available.
And so we have to estimate.
And I haven't seen, I haven't met a vaccine yet that kind of flips the benefits outweigh the risks that I'm aware of.

[SPEAKER_15]
The discussion is much more, do we need, is there a place, is there an indication
for immunization, right?

[SPEAKER_13]
What do you think?
Do you think the answer is yes or no?

[SPEAKER_15]
I'm clearly describing this.
I'm saying, and you may know that I'm giving, you know, I just finished my course, my classes on immune epidemiology or immunology of epidemics and pandemics.
And you will see that, you know, there is only in fact
with regard to public health, one indication for, whether you call it vaccination or immunization, because I think, frankly speaking, that, you know, the word vaccine will completely disappear from the pandemic.

[SPEAKER_13]
We won't get into that.

[SPEAKER_15]
There is one indication for immunization, and that is when you have established herd immunity,
And, you know, which is protecting people, of course, the herd immunity is protecting against transmission of the virus.
And you have gaps in that herd immunity.
Gaps are, for example, newborns, cohorts of newborns that are immunologically...
Okay, but... A gap in the herd immunity.

[SPEAKER_13]
Okay, but if you did that, you'd have to have a proven sterilizing vaccine that is safe, right?

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, well, Steve, natural immunity, you know, how do you think that a pandemic ends?
It's by a live virus that induces natural immunity.
So you're right.
You can only achieve this with live viruses.
And secondarily, you can only achieve this if you have no animal reservoir.
You know, if you generate health immunity, but you have, you have.
Yeah.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah.
Yeah.
But so I asked you, is there a case for vaccination and you didn't give me one.

[SPEAKER_15]
Well, but I will, I will give you, I will give you the answers.
What is the problem?
The problem with the safety is always with those vaccines that I think are useful with regard to filling up the gaps in herd immunity from a public health viewpoint.
The problem is always that you use live vaccines, which can do harm, of course.
Yeah, there is no vaccinology.
If a vaccinologist is saying a live vaccine is never having any serious secondary effect, he's lying, right?

[SPEAKER_13]
Right, of course.
By definition.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, the power, Steve, the power of these vaccines is that they not only induce antibodies, but they primarily also stimulate innate immune response.
So I'm advocating as a vaccinologist since over 10 years
to make or to do immune interventions that can stimulate the innate immune response without using life-situated vaccines.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah, but is there a vaccine that you would take that you personally would inject?

[SPEAKER_15]
Well, I've taken many vaccines, right?

[SPEAKER_13]
OK, but what about moving forward?
Now that you know everything you know now, is there any vaccine that you believe is safe and effective?

[SPEAKER_15]
Safe and effective?
Well, I've taken hepatitis B vaccines, yeah.

[SPEAKER_13]
I know, but I'm just saying,
Is there a vaccine that you know for certain the benefits clearly outweigh the risk for taking that vaccine?
Can you name a vaccine?

[SPEAKER_15]
If people are at risk of hepatitis B, for example, in the take a hepatitis B vaccine, then I think clearly that the benefit is outweighing the risk.

[SPEAKER_13]
You have data on that?

[SPEAKER_15]
Data on that, all I need to know is whether hepatitis B is inducing antibodies, right?
If they induce antibodies, they will protect you.
There's no doubt about this.

[SPEAKER_13]
The protection is provided by the... Yeah, but you don't know about the risk of the vaccine because the vaccine is not risk-free.

[SPEAKER_15]
And they always hide the data.
Nothing is risk-free.

[SPEAKER_13]
Of course, but you can't quantify.

[SPEAKER_15]
You ask 100,000 people to drink a glass of water, there's at least one who will die.

[SPEAKER_13]
No, absolutely, but the point is that you need to be able to quantify the risk and the benefit.
And by hiding the public health information, you can't understand what the quantify the risk.
So there may be a benefit to exposing you, but to say that the risk benefit is that the net net is beneficial.
I don't see how you can do that when they're hiding the data for every vaccine.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, well, you know, this is an exercise that has to take place.
And I agree with you that there is a huge way for improvement.
But I'm starting.
You cannot change everything at the same time.
But when you start, when you talk about public health, for example, and you start with the children,
then, you know, you end, of course, with the live attenuated vaccines, the Mibils, the Mumps, the Rubella, the Varicella.
And there you have no additional ingredients.
That's already one thing.
The only disadvantage is that they are live.
They are live.
And that's why I'm saying we need to move to a system where we can
Do these immunizations stimulate innate immunity without live vaccine?
So that is a first step.
Of course, it needs to be looked at vaccine per vaccine, each vaccine separately.

[SPEAKER_13]
Okay, but but all so all of the
studies that compared the fully unvaccinated versus the fully vaccinated show that the people who are completely unvaccinated do way better than the people who are vaccinated.

[SPEAKER_15]
No exception.
Steve, I mean, if you are at risk for hepatitis B,
You know, I mean, you cannot tell me that if you, because hepatitis B is a very clear example.
It's in fact a stupid example.
I'm always saying hepatitis B is like taking a drug.
You just have to have these antibodies at a certain level so that they can catch the virus before it enters into the cell.
It's like you take a drug and depending on the half-life of the drug, you go below a certain threshold or a concentration, it's not working anymore.
The same with the level, the title of the hepatitis B antibodies, you go below a certain level, it's not working anymore.
But if you are exposed, you have that level, you will be protected, simply neutralizing effect.
I mean, that is something that has been tested so many times.
Now, you don't hear me saying that there is no single side effect.
with hepatitis B vaccine, but the hepatitis B vaccine, at least the non-adjuvanted or, you know, or the one just adjuvanted with alum, I'm not talking about MPL and all these things, is pretty safe.
But of course, I mean, there is always something that is where the risk benefit comes in.
I would not routinely, as a vaccinologist, I'm against, especially in the US, I mean, people are over-vaccinated.
I mean, it's just incredible.

[SPEAKER_13]
Okay, we can agree on that one.

[SPEAKER_15]
You will understand that you cannot go from black to white.
We need to do this progressively with people who have common sense and who have an open scientific debate.
We will not be able to change the world all of a sudden.

[SPEAKER_13]
Right now, given the two alternatives, the fully vaccinated and fully unvaccinated, I'd rather be starting at the fully unvaccinated.
That's what the data shows.

[SPEAKER_03]
Let's move on to another question.

[SPEAKER_13]
If I'm going to get started, I would start there and then open it up.
I think that's very clear from the data.

[SPEAKER_03]
Let me get a question from Daughter of the One True King.
Would Geert please give his interpretation and opinion on frame shifting?

[SPEAKER_15]
On the frame shifting, yeah, well, that is, for me, it is not proven that this is, would have,
safety consequences.
At most, it could have an effect on the effectiveness in a sense that not all of the antigen that is produced will be target antigen, so to say.
So, in fact, you will have, it's like a machine that doesn't work 100%.
It will do the job to 80%.
Okay, you will have a result, you will have a certain yield, but it will not be optimal.
For me, there is no proof yet that this frame shifting, due to the mRNA construct and the changes they made,
is having any safety effect.
And even if it had a safety effect, Livio, I mean, it's not comparable to all the DNA shit that we have in those vaccines.
Right.

[SPEAKER_13]
So let's talk about the DNA shit.

[SPEAKER_15]
We'll have to put things in balance, right?
Okay.

[SPEAKER_13]
So frame shifting is small compared to the DNA contamination.
Okay, so what do you think about this DNA contamination?
Because the FDA says, oh, there's nothing to see here.
We don't have any evidence that this contamination is gonna do anything.
And people like Kevin McKernan are saying like, whoa, we haven't tested this.
We need to see if this is gonna be a problem or not.
And the FDA and none of the other authorities are doing any testing.
Who do you think's right here?

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, well, I mean, Steve, this is just incredible.
I can tell you, you know, I started my career in the vaccine business in the quality control department, right?
And I can tell you, I mean, even in those highly purified recombinant antigens, it was a big, big debate on residual DNA and residual nucleic acid, et cetera.
And all of a sudden, so we know, we do know that vaccinology, despite all the modern technologies, has remained an empirical business.
But now the regulatory authorities, who were the first to put all these limitations to what you could do,
are now putting this to an extreme in a sense that they are saying, oh, yeah, you see, we have been injecting millions of people and nothing happened, so to say, with the DNA.
So that is proof yet that we shouldn't worry about it.
It is hypocritical.
It is, I mean, it's insane.
It's insane.
And these people, I tell you, the day will come, the day will come that they will literally be hung.
I mean, this is unprecedented, unprecedented.
And it's not like retrospectively saying, oh, you see nothing happened, et cetera.
No, I mean, this, the only responsibility for these people is not the effectiveness of the vaccine.
That is the business of the manufacturer.
If it's not effective, well, then it's a waste of time and money.
But their responsibility is the safety.
And we know you generate safety by, you know,
prophylactic measures, I would say, by preventing things, by making serious specifications of the vaccine, by putting limits, by having the SOPs, by doing all the controls, etc.
So this is simply, there is no words for it.
It's unacceptable.
There is even no discussion about this, right?
And when these people argue, I mean, it's simply because they want to save their face, right?

[SPEAKER_13]
Right.
So let me just sum up what you just said, which is that it is completely irresponsible of the FDA and every other health authority not to be seriously investigating whether these contaminants can cause harm.

[SPEAKER_15]
I would even push it further.
They don't need even to investigate this.
Per principle, this is an absolute no-go.
It's a huge impurity in the vaccine.

[SPEAKER_13]
That should be eliminated.
That should not be tolerated.

[SPEAKER_15]
Absolutely.
You know, doing all the examinations, whether it's incorporated in the genome or doing some sequences, I mean, this is possible.
Right.

[SPEAKER_13]
So it's basically symptomatic of a
regulators worldwide, right?
There is not a single health regulator worldwide that is stopping these vaccines because of the contaminants.

[SPEAKER_15]
It's corruption.
They're influenceable.

[SPEAKER_13]
It's basically worldwide corruption that they're looking the other way.
Good.
We're not mincing words here.

[SPEAKER_15]
This has not always been the case.
Back 20 years ago, when I was working in the vaccine business or 10, 15 years ago, the regulatory authorities, it was very, very, very serious stuff.
And there was a little leeway.
to do things like what we see right now.
It's like it has turned from black to white.
It's unbelievable.

[SPEAKER_03]
So I created a video that I'm going to play at the end about who funds the WHO.
Should we trust the World Health Organization's pandemic treaty that it's going to be voted on in May of 2024?

[SPEAKER_15]
You know, as I was saying, I don't even worry about this because I know that it will not happen.
It will not happen.
The most incompetent organization ever is the WHO.
So let me be very clear, that doesn't mean that people at the WHO are all incompetent.
But as you know, all this big organization, whether it is in politics, whether it is at universities, whether it is public health, whether it is this church,
All the corruption happens at the very top.
And all the incompetence is also, you find it at the very top, right?
And these people, unfortunately, are taking the decisions.
And these decisions are so wrong, like WHO opening the door for big pharma and declaring this a health emergency of international concern,
whereas they have no means to produce a vaccine where they're financially completely dependent, they are of course completely dependent.
Take these wrong decisions.
The backlash will be such that, you know,
Already, the small Ebola crisis back 10 years ago, already there, there was serious talk about dismantling the WHO.
I mean, it's just a matter of time before it will happen.
Let's hope so.
It will not happen.

[SPEAKER_13]
Let's hope so because right now they're doing a pretty good job saying, oh, this is the fault of the unvaccinated and we're not safe until everyone is vaccinated, you know, that sort of thing.
So they're turning it the other way.

[SPEAKER_03]
I got multiple questions about vaccine shedding and your take on it, Dr.
Geert, on what your take is on, should the unvaccinated be worried about vaccine shedding by the vaccinated?

[SPEAKER_15]
So many people are asking these questions because we all have brothers and sisters or kids that have partners that are vaccinated, whereas they're unvaccinated and vice versa.
What I'm saying is always based on common sense.
If you shed this spike protein, you have to shed it in sufficient concentration, then it needs to be taken up in sufficient concentration, needs to reach some of the targets or target organs in sufficient concentration, whereas we know it's a biological protein, it's also degraded.
So practically speaking, practically speaking,
We are like always saying, okay, avoid having sex or intimate contacts with somebody who got freshly vaccinated during six weeks.
But personally, I wouldn't worry about it.
I wouldn't worry.
Because it can be degraded, and if nevertheless you would absorb this in a high concentration, yeah, it could have a blocked clotting effect maybe.
But therefore, to be on the safe side, wait a couple of weeks and
It's a biological protein.
It will be degraded, et cetera.
There is a lot of this talk about toxicity of the spike protein.
I fully disagree with this, right?
What is toxic is the way the immune system reacts to spike that is expressed at the membrane of a transfected cell in a completely unnatural way, in a completely
unnatural dose for a completely unnatural amount of time, et cetera.
It's the immunity.
I mean, the virus and the host have been living together, you know, for thousands of years.
How stupid would the virus be to produce a toxic spike protein, right?
I mean, people just don't understand these things because they don't understand immunology, unfortunately.
And then you get these things where everybody, oh, oh, the spike, it's going to in my body, it's going to kill me, et cetera.
I think there is no, no biological proof of this either.
There is a lot of anecdotes, anecdotal evidence, but that's not what is convincing to scientists.

[SPEAKER_13]
So is there any government in the world who's actually listening to you?
Or are they all listening to whatever the CDC and FDA says?

[SPEAKER_15]
So, to be honest, Steve, I don't care.

[SPEAKER_13]
No, I know you don't care.
I didn't ask whether you cared or not.
I'm just asking, is there any proof of intelligent life?

[SPEAKER_15]
Well, yeah, of course, there is, you know.

[SPEAKER_13]
In the public health authority.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
No, there are people, there have been people, you know, from organizations where I worked before who contacted me in an anonymous way.
And there is also, I mean, I told this from the very beginning,
the uh I'm always saying I'm still not citing his name but it is probably the most renowned vaccinologist
on the planet that when I launched my call to WHO guys, I mean, this is completely wrong.
This mass vaccination, we need to discuss this and send out messages to CDC and NIH and EPA, et cetera.
I copied this person and this person literally responded to me, Geert, you are right.
These vaccines will only drive mutants.
But nobody will listen to you because you go against mainstream.
So I know it by heart in the meantime.
That was literally in the email that I got in response.
But it only happened one single time that this person responded, right?
So just to tell you, you know, I mean, nature will tell us the truth and only nature.
People can find amongst each other, but you know,
The thing to look at is the virus.
People are trying to control each other, parties are fighting legitimately, but nobody, they're trying to control each other, but nobody can control the virus.
That's the problem.

[SPEAKER_03]
In my opinion.
Last question, Dr. Bosch, because we talked about it, which is, and many questions we've received about your take on white lung pneumonia.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah.
Yeah, well, this is a complex story, but I will keep it short.
The bottom line is that the white lung pneumonia or white lung syndrome is in fact only the consequence of highly infectious virus circulating.
So it's certainly not the consequence of a deficient immunity in the child.
It's certainly not a consequence of the fact that we didn't vaccinate our children, etc.
But you have to understand
that children, and there is several publications on this, are well protected against SARS-CoV-2 and coronaviruses and a number of other glycosylated viruses, so these are viruses that are coated with sugars, thanks to their innate antibodies.
These are innate IgM antibodies.
And these antibodies can naturally
neutralize a number, because they are not very specific, and they are present at very high concentrations.
So they can neutralize a number of different glycosylated viruses, like coronavirus, like influenza virus, like measles, et cetera, et cetera.
And so as they grow up,
the concentration of these innate antibodies will diminish.
So the functionality will shift from inhibition and prevention of infection to mitigation of infection, dampening the infection.
This dampening of the infection allows the young child to shift to train cell-based immunity.
So the innate antibodies, if you like, is the innate, we call this humeral, based on antibodies, the innate humeral antibody, humeral immunity, innate humeral immunity, will shift as the baby grows or as the child grows and as the concentration of the innate antibodies diminishes.
it will allow the cell-based innate immune system like NK cells to be trained.
So that is very, very progressive, right?
And that is a very smooth transition usually.
Now, when you come now all of a sudden with glycosylated viruses like this coronavirus that is hyper infectious, we just talked about it, how much more infectious the currently circulating variants are,
then this innate immune system, the antibodies, even though they are very robust, they are overwhelmed and they cannot deal with this high level of infectiousness.
What happens is when you have antibodies that cannot sufficiently neutralize the virus, we have seen this with Omicron,
you get non-neutralizing antibodies that will enhance the infectiousness of the virus.
And when this already highly infectious virus is taken up at the level of the upper respiratory tract, for example, and there is publications on this, the immune environment is such that the virus will be absorbed
to dendritic cells, dendritic cells or cells that are usually taking up foreign antigen and presenting it to the immune system.
But when the virus is very infectious, the immune environment is such that the antigen, the virus, is not taken up by the dendritic cells, but that it absorbs, that it stays at the surface of the dendritic cells.
And these dendritic cells will massively migrate to the lung.
And that is what most likely causes massive inflammation of the lung.
And the pneumonia, so the infection by either influenza or coronavirus itself or even streptococcal or mycoplasma or RSV is secondary to that inflammation.
And it's very interesting to see that the child
these children are having, for example, you know, these mycoplasma infections or RSV or influenza, and, you know, these bugs are not targets of the childhood vaccination, right?
And so there is that element, the overwhelming of the innate immune system, and then interestingly enough,
You know that I was talking previously about infection mitigating antibodies in vaccinees and that these infection mitigating antibodies are not very specific, so most likely
these infection mitigating antibodies can also mitigate other diseases like for example RSV, like influenza, like even monkeypox that are usually symptomatic.
So now if thanks to these antibodies that are no longer very specific
For Corona, for example, you can mitigate symptoms of other viruses that are normally symptomatic.
You increasingly render them asymptomatic, which enhances the transmission.
And these both factors, enhanced transmission of these viruses together with the enhanced susceptibility of the young child is probably the reason why we are now seeing these peaks or spikes, I would say, in RSV infections, even flu, etc.
Yeah, of course, authorities are saying, ah, yeah, we lifted the measures and it's winter and now all of a sudden all these bugs come together, this complete bullshit, of course.
Because like with coronavirus, I mean, the mask and everything that we have done before, there is no residual effect.
First of all, coronavirus is now SARS-CoV-2 transmitted asymptomatically, right?
Primarily.
And secondarily, it's highly infectious.
And that's also the reason why initially they were blaming China.
Oh, see, they had these measures and they had hold on these measures for too long.
But they wanted to point to them.
And by the time they were preparing an article, we saw this white lung disease in many other countries, a lot of European countries.
So it's always very, very tricky if you don't dig deep enough because then people tend to believe all these narratives, of course, right?

[SPEAKER_03]
So take care of our immune systems as strongly as we can.
This is the big, big thing.
I have to ask at least one question to Steve, since Geert's taken all of them, from D.R.
Laura.
Per your substack, Steve, the New Zealand data is crystal clear.
At 780 days post-vax, the deaths seem to be reducing.
Do you think we have gotten over the major hump of post-vax deaths?

[SPEAKER_13]
The issue is that you run out of time to die, so fewer people will die.
And so that's not what's going on in those graphs.
So those graphs are showing that if you get a vaccine, it's accelerating your chance of dying.
And that means the vaccine is dangerous.
The number should always go down.
The curve should always slope down.
And the article makes that clear.
The fact that the slope is going up.
And so, Gert, what this person is referring to is that if you take any cohort, any fixed cohort, and you give them the vaccine, and you look at the number of deaths per day,
for the next day, the next day, and the next day, and the next day.
What always happens is that the number of deaths is supposed to go down.
It's supposed to be a line sloping down because the number of deaths is always proportional to the number of people who are available to die.
And every day, there are fewer people.
And so you're going to get inherently less deaths.
So there's a law of gravity that applies.
And so unless there's something going on in the background,
It's always a line downwards.
Now there may be a seasonality effect because of when you gave it.
So what I did is I found out that the peak of death is in August in New Zealand because it's in the southern hemisphere.
And so I said, okay, if they get the jab,
in August and let's do one month before and one month after.
So we have enough numbers and so we don't have a lot of statistical noise and we can see a pattern.
So if we if we take that period and we say, OK, you got vaccinated in that period and then let's look at what happens on the days after you die.
It should be going down dramatically because you've got both the seasonality
working to reduce the number of deaths and you also have the gravity effect and so the thing should be sloping down and it slopes up if you get a COVID vaccine you know and this is like you can't there is no explanation for this other than the vaccine and this is why I tell people you don't need a control group on this one because it's like
you know, taking an object here and if you drop it, that's kind of what you expect.
But if you if I were to take this pen and it were to fly upwards, you'd say there's something wrong and you don't need a control group on that one because you know what to expect.
And basically what's going on is that people are getting more likely to die every day after they've gotten the vaccine for an entire year.
It's it's quite stunning.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, stunning and very sad.
I'm always saying we will, well, I hope, Steve, you will manage to convince them, but having worked with these organizations and with industry and this public, they will not give in.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah, I wasn't expecting them to wave the white flag anytime soon, but at least I have a very simple argument that nobody can argue with, right?
There's no explanation for this.
No, no, no.
They can't say, oh, you opened up the borders or, oh, they were sicker.
There's no way that you can come up with any kind of response to this other than it was the vaccine.
That's what I like about this.
It's really simple.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, but even there, Steve, where it is so obvious, even there, there is no, you know, no single sign of, you know,
admitting that something could have gone wrong.
So you see the magnitude of this resistance, right?

[SPEAKER_13]
It wasn't the vaccine, it must have been some confounder that we don't know about.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, climate change probably.

[SPEAKER_13]
Right, exactly.
The one thing they do know for sure is it wasn't the vaccine that caused it.
That's the thing that they know for sure.
But what they don't know is exactly what did cause it.
But whatever it was, it wasn't the vaccine.

[SPEAKER_03]
It's a mystery, just like the UFO.

[SPEAKER_13]
It is a medical mystery.
It's one of these medical mysteries.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, Dr. VandenBosch, thank you for your time, your generosity.
I know it's really late for you.
I'm going to flash your book on the screen.
I think we just lost Geert, but almost on cue.
Here is his book, The Inescapable Immune Escape Pandemic.
So pick up a copy.
I think we've got the link in the chat.
And yeah, I think we we lost Geert without a real proper goodbye.

[SPEAKER_13]
Goodbye.
All right.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, hold on.
Let me get a two shot.
Well, that was that was a fascinating and highly informative and deep dive conversation.

[SPEAKER_13]
We'll see what happens.

[SPEAKER_03]
It's kind of scary because he's saying it's like, yeah, in the next days, weeks, by the end of the year, like we're going to finish the year with, what is it, 30, 40%?
That's a large number of the population.
I'm going to break out that nasal spray.
Start popping that the antivirals again.
Yeah.
I've got a few announcements.
So hang in there.
And I got a video to share at the very end, but we are not having Twitter spaces tonight.
Oh, he's back.
Let's say a proper goodbye.
Oh no, he's not back.
There he is.
Let me just say,
Geert, we lost you for a second, but we wanted to say thank you for all your time.
And I wanted to ask where people could find your work if you have a website or something that we can share with people in the chat.

[SPEAKER_15]
The website is Voice for Science and Solidarity.
The two key words that also Steve is, I think, very committed to, you know, science, voice for science and solidarity.

[SPEAKER_03]
Great, we'll put that in the chat.
And again, thank you so much for your time.
We had your book up while you were offline for a beat there.

[SPEAKER_15]
Okay, well, yeah, thank you.
And there is also, of course, the course I will probably repeat is in the coming spring.
But as I'm always saying, we first need to watch and see how things will evolve.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yes.
Okay.
Thank you and have a happy holidays.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, you too.
Happy holidays and a happy end of the year and all the best.
I much enjoyed the conversation and thanks for having me.
Thanks for the opportunity.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
Thank you.
Hopefully we can bring you back in 2024 after these next few days or weeks.
We'll see what happens.
I hope you're wrong.

[SPEAKER_15]
You see my, my conviction in my, yeah, I,
I think I know what I'm talking about, but nevertheless, I'm not angry when people think it's complete nonsense.
It's inevitable when you bring these kinds of messages, and it's difficult to explain all the science.
That was one of the main reasons why I did the lectures, the course, to show people what is behind all this.

[SPEAKER_03]
Thank you for all the information and the courses.
We appreciate you.

[SPEAKER_15]
Okay.
Thank you.
Take good care.

[SPEAKER_03]
You too.

[SPEAKER_15]
Bye bye.
Thanks.
Bye bye.

[SPEAKER_03]
Always a fascinating conversation, if not somewhat horrifying and terrifying.
Yeah, no Twitter spaces tonight.
And again, I just want to remind you that the work we do, we depend on your generosity.
And I'm going to flash where to donate on the screen.
Givebutter.com backslash c backslash v s r f or at back safety org backslash donate.
Next announcement.
We have a reminder that tickets are on sale for the second COVID litigation conference coming to Las Vegas, March 7th and 8th.
I'm going to play a quick promo for that.
Check it out.

[SPEAKER_06]
Extraordinary Injustice demands extraordinary lawyers.
And now we are winning.
build upon the groundbreaking COVID litigation conference in Atlanta and join the lawyers at the forefront of this growing field as cases are being won and damages awarded.
A recent poll suggests over 40% of Americans would be party to a COVID class action lawsuit
We invite attorneys to join this important opportunity at the second COVID litigation conference coming to Las Vegas, March 7th and 8th, 2024.
Connect with a diverse group of attorneys for strategic networking and expand your practice in the COVID space.

[SPEAKER_00]
Having a network of people to fall back on who actually understand what it is they're talking about has been critical for me.

[SPEAKER_06]
Learn from the leaders at the frontier who are bringing cases.
I sued Rochester General six times.
I won in court each of those six times.
Get exclusive resources and the insights you need to litigate COVID cases now from panels, keynotes, and more.

[SPEAKER_07]
At the conference, you're going to see some of the most seasoned COVID litigation attorneys.
I always learn something.

[SPEAKER_06]
Litigate with confidence and be empowered by the transformative event shaping national policy.
Who will right these extraordinary wrongs?
You will at the second COVID litigation conference.
Register now at covidlitigation.com.

[SPEAKER_03]
That is coming to the Horseshoe Hotel in Las Vegas, March 7th and 8th.
Get your tickets now.
And also shortly after that, March 8th through 10th, the Replatform Conference.
And this is the groundbreaking new trade show and conference in Las Vegas right after CLC2, the Freedom Economy Convention from the team that brought you Defeat the Mandates.
Replatform Vegas is a three-day event where you will connect with the most innovative businesses in the parallel economy as we build an uncancelled America.
That's March 8th.
through 10th in Las Vegas, go to www.replatformvegas.com.
For more information,
Also, our Defeat the Mandates team just created a new holiday that will continue every Wednesday during the holiday season.
Check out, I don't have the article handy, but it is in post millennial.
You've heard of Black Friday, Cyber Monday, Giving Tuesday.
Well, now we have Uncanceled Wednesday, a day to support businesses and brands that resisted the COVID and woke mobs.
that refuse to cancel us and now we want to shop with them feel free to hashtag uncancel Wednesday we'll put some links in the chats for you and to learn more go to replatformvegas.com and also
If you want some last minute Christmas shopping, we do have our shop open and all the great awesome gear is there.
DTM, VSRF, misinformation, super spreader, mugs, hats, t-shirts, all kinds of goodies.
So get your swag now before it's too late for Christmas.
Steve, I'm sure you've got plenty in your collection at this point.
Excellent.
Well, next week we'll be back with our last episode of the year.
We'll have a special guest.
We will announce it early next week who that special guest is going to be.
Do we know, Livio, who it is?

[SPEAKER_13]
We did, but we're going to have a shift.

[SPEAKER_03]
So we're still discussing who the guest is going to be.
The mystery guest.
The mystery guest.
So we will have a very good guest a week from tonight.
And I'm going to end with a video that I created in partnership with the Global Health Project.
about who is funding the World Health Organization.
Steve, have a great evening.
Everyone out there, thank you for joining us tonight.
Have a great rest of your evening and we'll see you next week.
Good night.

[SPEAKER_09]
The funding of WHO is supposed to be first and foremost by its member states.
It is now 194 member states.
Now over the last, particularly last 20 to 30 years,
That has changed significantly that the assessed contributions of the member states have been frozen and the so-called voluntary contributions to the organization have increased.
So right now we actually have a balance that the assessed contribution by member states are only 20% of the WHO's budget and 80% are voluntary contributions.
And of course, the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation has become a very large funder of WHO.

[SPEAKER_12]
Bill Gates has taken over control of WHO, and it's become his vessel for what he calls philanthropic capitalism, which is a way of making a lot of money by controlling these international institutions that make public health policy.
For example, we get the WHO, which funds most of the African health departments to use its power and leverage over those departments to mandate vaccines for the children in those countries.
And those vaccines are made almost invariably by companies in which Gates has a private financial interest or which Foundation has a private financial interest.

[SPEAKER_02]
The World Health Organization celebrated its 75th anniversary in April.
The organization exerted a great deal of influence and power during the pandemic, and it's recently announced a new pandemic accord among its member states.

[SPEAKER_01]
So if we start to think about our conclusions to who runs the world in global health, our conclusion is that three actors, the United States, the United Kingdom, and the Gates Foundation, dictate a lot of what's happened over the past few decades and in the shifts that we've seen.
these three actors, and it's not just in financing, it's in a myriad of other ways.

[SPEAKER_05]
So historically, international organizations relied both on assessed membership dues and voluntary contributions.
We see there's a rather finite number of significant donors on a voluntary contribution basis to the WHO, and 93% of what is voluntarily contributed to WHO is earmarked.

[SPEAKER_14]
From these extraordinary payments, the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, together with GAVI, which is actually in cooperation with the purpose of selling and maximizing the sales of vaccines,
They have obviously a business interest, so the majority of the extra funding of WHO came from this conglomerate building the Gates Foundation together with GAVI.

[SPEAKER_05]
And if we look at GAVI, while the Gates Foundation is much more important to GAVI on a relative basis than it is to the fund, it similarly is meaningfully the only non-state donor to GAVI and once again it's a
kind of similar group of countries.

[SPEAKER_04]
The pandemic treaty is half of what the WHO is pushing.
The other half is amendments to the international health regulations.
And if you put the two of them together and if they get adopted by the WHO and we are still members of the WHO, then it would be a serious challenge to our national sovereignty and our personal medical freedom.
So the way that it would hurt our national sovereignty
is that what the WHO is pushing, what these agreements are pushing is that instead of being an advisory body, what they would say would be binding, they would be able to mandate
how we handle any kind of a health situation.
That's the first thing.
The second thing is it would not just pertain to human health but also to animal health and plant health and the environment so that they could be mandating how we handle any kind of a health issue involving any aspect of life in the world.

[SPEAKER_07]
The pandemic treaty and the amendments to the international health regulations both require nations
to surveil the social media footprint of their citizens and to censor them if they try to spread any health information that goes against the WHO's narrative.

[SPEAKER_08]
Bill, how confident are you that we as a global community will deal with the next pandemic better?

[SPEAKER_10]
The cost of being ready for the next pandemic is not super large.
It's not like climate change where 10 trillion, 20 trillion, these are big numbers.
Global surveillance capability would cost like a billion a year.
The R&D that we need to do to get magic vaccines and diagnostics and therapeutics, that's less than 100 billion over the next decade.

[SPEAKER_11]
We need stronger financing.
It's obvious that nationally and globally, we need substantial resources for strengthening global health security.
Our analysis estimates the needs at $31 billion per year.
We estimate that about $20 billion could come from existing and projected domestic and international resources.
leaving a gap of $10 billion per year.
To close the gap for the most essential functions such as surveillance, research, and market shaping for countermeasures, we support the idea of a new dedicated financing facility anchored in and directed by WHO's constitutional mandate, inclusive governance, and technical expertise installed in the World Bank.
Any efforts to strengthen the global health security architecture can only succeed if they also strengthen WHO's role at its center, rather than centering further mechanisms, creating further mechanisms that would only create further fragmentation and potentially leave the world less safe.
