[UNKNOWN]
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_04]
Tonight on VSRF Live, Steve Kirsch is joined by internist, cardiologist, epidemiologist, and chief scientific officer of the wellness company, Dr. Peter McCullough.

[SPEAKER_05]
We have three critical circles that all of you are in today.
We have a circle of medical freedom.
You have the freedom.
And you alone have the autonomy over your body.
You have the freedom.
to determine what happens to your body.
That is your sole possession.
In many ways, it's the only thing you really have.
That is your possession.
That circle of medical freedom is inextricably linked to a circle of social freedom.
And that social freedom includes your family and your employment.
and your faith and involves your overall citizenry in any country that you reside, in any state that you reside.
And that is inextricably linked to the circle of economic freedom.
Medical freedom is linked to social and economic freedom.
If we allow
the circle of medical freedom, to even be touched, let alone be broken, all the circles fracture.
They all do.
And it crumbles.
The writing is on the wall.
And the determination to preserve medical freedom is in your hands.
It's in your personal hands.
It can't be any more clear.

[SPEAKER_04]
Ah, yes, I was muted.
Thank you, David.
Let me start again.
That was a clip from a speech given almost two years ago on January 23rd, 2022 at our Defeat the Mandates Rally in DC by tonight's special guest, world renowned internist, cardiologist and epidemiologist, Dr. Peter McCullough.
We're honored he's here to share the latest studies and data on vaccine injury, long COVID, and how to take back your health and stay healthy.
Hello and welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm Livio Sanchez and I'm now unmuted.
Hopefully you can all hear me.
Thank you.
Thank you for joining us exclusively on Rumble Live this evening.
Nurse Angela on our BSRF team is in transit tonight, so she won't be taking any questions live, but you can email your questions to Nurse Angela at nurseangelaatbacksafety.org.
We'll put the address in the chat.
Angela is returning from the Festival of Cinema in New York City, where she attended the premiere of the Epoch Times original documentary, The Unseen Crisis, Vaccine Stories You Were Never Told, by filmmaker, director, writer, and producer, Cindy Drukier.
Angela and Steve were both featured in the film.
Coverage of the Unseen Crisis has not, surprisingly, but sadly been, well, it's been censored actually, not surprisingly.
Let's watch Angela.
She did an interview after the screening with NTD News.
I'm going to play a clip from that interview.

[SPEAKER_06]
I want to start by looking at the fact that two Newswire services recently rejected applications to publish press releases about this film.
How do you feel about that?
What do you think it's about?

[SPEAKER_07]
Well, it's really disappointing for me because
You know, this film is not political.
It's not an anti-vax film.
It's really true stories about the vaccine injured.
Everything in the documentary is verified.
It's all true and accurate and correct.
These are real stories.
These are real people.
All of the doctors who took care of these vaccine injured.
verify that it is from the vaccine injury.
Many of us, it happened immediately.
We all did our part.
We wanted to do what was right.
We were told it was safe and effective, and we trusted.
I was completely pro-vax.
I worked in a big hospital.
I ran several units in a hospital as a charge nurse.
I believed in the system.
And even after I got injured, I still believed in the system.
I thought I was maybe one of those rare ones that got injured, but I still believed that they could help people and that we needed to get through the pandemic.
And it was a serious virus that was going around.
So I was pretty
disturbed when I reached out to the very own people that I trusted, and they basically gaslit us.
The FDA, the CDC, the NIH, they turned their backs on us.
By not dealing with this situation immediately, it's just going to get worse and worse because these are not
you know, insignificant injuries.
These are people whose lives have been completely destroyed.
Some of them have lost their homes.
You know, the worst situation is the loss of a child or a loved one.
But many of my close friends who are vaccine injured are completely disabled.
And these were young, healthy, healthy people.
And they are now on a couch at home, you know, some of them wanting to die because they can't endure the pain.
Some of them have died.
And it's just really horrifying.
My reaction was immediate.
I was taken to the hospital.
You know, after I had the vaccine, I was really unstable.
And for this first, you know, couple of months, I was I had 5911 calls.
They were all cardiac related, respiratory related.
I couldn't breathe.
My heart was beating out of my chest.
I really
It was day by day.
I didn't think that I would make it.
And I'm so grateful for all of the doctors.
That's one of the things, is if you actually take care of these people, they have the potential to get better.
And I was really sick, but I'm 100% back to normal now.
I'm a nurse still taking care of people.
I'm dancing.
I'm a mother.
I'm traveling.
I'm here.
Just flew out from California.

[SPEAKER_06]
What would you say is the difference or the takeaway here?
for people to know?

[SPEAKER_07]
Early care.
Early care, as well as studying and researching what is it with us that caused this to happen.
I mean, they need to look at why some people get the vaccine and appear to be doing just fine and have no reactions, where other young, healthy people just like them, you know, it completely changes their life.
You have to deal with the reality of what's going on.
And I think the documentary captured that so beautifully.

[SPEAKER_04]
I want to start by looking at the fact that at the epic times, if you have a subscription to the epic times, I believe you can then watch it there.
It's a fantastic, powerful film.
Next, I want to thank our show sponsor, The Wellness Company.
They have a first rate team of medical doctors offering innovative products and extensive medical expertise via telemedicine, including treatment for long COVID and vaccine injury.
I'm going to play a little short clip from The Wellness Company.

[SPEAKER_05]
How in the world can such a small group of people with limited resources change world history?
But in fact that's happening and it's the power of the truth.

[SPEAKER_10]
The truth is like kryptonite.
Healthcare isn't in some sense working very well.
Foster Colson is thinking about this.
He's got a new company, an online healthcare platform called The Wellness Company.

[SPEAKER_05]
telehealth company called The Wellness Company.
protein is loaded in the body with the COVID-19 infection and definitely with the vaccines.
We've been completely accurate on the spread of the virus, early treatment, on the deficiencies in hospital care, and now the deaths that are occurring after vaccination.
This is a human outrage and is occurring at the end of a hypodermic needle.
Isn't it interesting?
Natural substances combating this man-made disaster.

[SPEAKER_04]
10% discount code for you to use at checkout.
Go to twc.health forward slash VSRF and use code VSRF to save 10% at checkout.
We'll put the links in the chat.
And now I would like to welcome VSRF co-founder,
Steve Kersh, as you all know, he's a Silicon Valley entrepreneur turned top misinformation super spreader.
Welcome back, Steve.
How you doing this evening?

[SPEAKER_11]
I'm keeping busy as always.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, I bet you are.

[SPEAKER_11]
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
I can't wait to I got the the CMS data for nursing homes, the all cost mortality for 2020 2021 2022 and 2023.
So I'm like, super excited to take a look at that.

[SPEAKER_04]
This is just broke what a little while ago today, right?

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, I was I actually wrote it last night and I finished it up this morning after I had a check on the Dementia rate.
So this this nurse was telling me that like 20% of her cases are she's got she's seen this early onset dementia It's like a 50 50x increase never seen
that before and and what triggered it is I did a survey just on the deaths in the nursing homes because i've been looking for a nursing home where the deaths actually went down after the vaccine rolled out and uh so people were filling out the survey and then the comments they were saying oh yeah i've been noticing like the the dementia is is extreme it's it's gone way up
um since the uh vaccines rolled out and i got that in about 20 of the comments and so so i started to look into that and did some investigations and and talked to a bunch of people and it's like wow this thing has really gone off the charts um so you know it's interesting because i wasn't fishing for that at all i was just looking for the death data
And then people were mentioning the dementia, the dementia and the, uh, uh, these, um, uh, turbo cancers are, uh, we're, we're just off the charts.
And so this was just a look at the, uh, uh, dementia data, uh, the comments that had come in, the VAERS numbers and so forth, just to give people a sense for.
how bad it is, and it is bad.
It's very clear that the COVID vaccines were giving to the elderly, and not only do we knock off about 20 to 25% of the elderly after the shot.
So those that survive, then we basically, for those people who are left, about 20% have their minds corrupted by the vaccine, and of course, a variety of other health conditions.
So it's just a,
It's a complete disaster.
And I was talking to this nurse about it.
And she was saying, yeah, when the vaccines first rolled out, it was like 95% were essentially blue-pilled and saying, oh, isn't this great?
They have this vaccine.
And today, it's flipped so that 95% of the nurses are red-pilled.
And they're not getting any more of these vaccines in this elderly care facility.

[SPEAKER_04]
Are they corroborating this information with other colleagues in different places?
Are they having conversations with the people who might be afraid to share this?

[SPEAKER_11]
Well, it's really clear that it's happening in multiple places because the survey just went off to to everyone I said just report numbers and in these nursing home facilities and people were saying you hear the numbers But by the way, I'm seeing you know a lot of these dementia and dementia kept being Brought up in the comments and so that's what that's what triggered it.
So clearly it's it's happening in other places
No, no doubt about it and the numbers are off the charts and in terms of the you know I I added up all the numbers that were reported and that the number of deaths were doubled in 2021 2022 2023 versus
uh 2019 baseline and so that's pretty significant so i really want to find out how these numbers compare with what they're telling medicare the numbers are because one of the issues about deaths is that and i was talking to my cms expert about that she said well you know a lot of these deaths they're they call the hospital the death happens in the hospital doesn't happen in the nursing care facility they transferred out they didn't die here
interesting.
Yeah.
So so it's like, Whoa, yeah, they can really fudge the numbers on this.

[SPEAKER_04]
I wonder what Dr. McCullough has to say about this.
I'm going to bring them on.
Welcome to the show, Peter McCullough.
I'm gonna I'm gonna do a quick introduction on you in case our our viewers don't know.
But
You've been fearlessly speaking the truth since the pandemic began and have risen as one of the great leaders in the battle of health freedom across the globe.
Dr. McCullough co-founded the chief medical board of the wellness company and serves as its chief scientific officer.
Dr. McCullough has broadly published on a range of topics in medicine with over 1,000 publications and 600 citations in the National Library of Medicine.
His works have appeared in the New England Journal of Medicine, Journal of the American Medical Association, The Lancet, British Medical Journal, and other top-tier journals worldwide.
He is the editor-in-chief of reviews in cardiovascular medicine and senior associate editor of the American Journal of Cardiology.
He serves on the editorial boards of multiple specialty journals.
Dr. McCullough has been a fierce advocate for medical freedom during the COVID era and top source of data back treatments for COVID long COVID and vaccine injury.
Welcome Dr. McCullough.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, thanks.
Thanks for that introduction.
Those are former editorial positions, but I recently took up some additional editorial board invitations.
So,
There's some change out in the pandemic, no doubt about it, and it's great to join the audience.
Congratulations to you and the organizers for this new platform.
Much gratitude to iconic Silicon Valley mogul, Steve Kirsch, who saw what the COVID-19 vaccines were doing, and he took action.
And so many people have rallied behind Steve.
He's been an iconic person to watch during all this.
Steve, I have an update.
from Monica Schmidt in Australia.
You are no longer a conspiracy theorist.
I hope you, you saw that came over the wires yesterday.
No, no.

[SPEAKER_04]
There's a new word.
What's the word?

[SPEAKER_05]
It's called a rational theorist.
You're a rational theorist.
The video is going viral.
I'm in it.
I think you're probably in it too.
Yes, we're rational theorists, meaning that, you know, we just, you know, we have reasonable points of view that are, you know, and we're bringing up issues that we can debate.
And so, yeah, so conspiracy theorists is out now, it's gone.

[SPEAKER_11]
Wait a minute, this can't be an official government label, is it?

[SPEAKER_05]
Steve, is it official?
It's worldwide, it just happened overnight.
It's a phenomenon.

[SPEAKER_11]
No, no, no, but out of Australia, out of what group in Australia?

[SPEAKER_05]
Monica Schmitz got the group, I believe it's called Democracy Ignited.
I know Monica, I met her when I was over there.

[SPEAKER_11]
Okay, but this is not from the Australian government.

[SPEAKER_05]
No, it's way more official than the Australian government.
It's worldwide.
It's a complete decision.
It's over with.
You can't do anything about it.
You're no longer a conspiracy theorist, neither am I.
We're rational theorists.
Yeah, I'll shoot you over the video.
It's very, very compelling.
Uh, well, listen, you know, I have to tell you, I want to give everybody an update of where we are on causality.
You know what?
So if I can get, um, control of the program here, I'm going to have to share your screen.

[SPEAKER_04]
Standby.
I'm going to set up a scene.
Hang on one second.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, this is going to be the great challenge of the program here.
So let's see, Steve, this is the moment of truth.
Yeah.
So rational theorist, uh, maybe I shouldn't insert a, uh, maybe I should show the video.

[SPEAKER_11]
I'm going to have to tell my wife.

[SPEAKER_05]
She's, uh, Steve, can this, can this thing show a video if I want to show a video?

[SPEAKER_11]
Uh, that's a Livio question.
Um, I'm just an engineer.

[SPEAKER_05]
Oh, come on.
You invented the optical.
No, no, no.

[SPEAKER_11]
You know, if I can do this or not, Livio is we're using Evie Mucks.
I don't know what the capabilities are.

[SPEAKER_04]
Dr. McCullough and we can watch it.

[SPEAKER_05]
So what should I do now?

[SPEAKER_04]
You can share your screen now.

[SPEAKER_05]
Can I play a video?

[SPEAKER_04]
On your if it's on your browser, yes.

[SPEAKER_05]
But how about if it's on my my my computer itself?
I can do it.
Can I?

[SPEAKER_04]
You should be able to if it's on a browser.
I'm not sure if it's if it's an actual quick time.

[SPEAKER_05]
Oh really?
OK well.
Let's see if this will... Oh, you're right.
Yeah, I have to pick a browser.
Now, my slides are not in a browser, so I wonder if... You should be able to share an app on your screen.
Okay.
Okay, so I'm going to show a window here.
Can you see this?

[SPEAKER_12]
The central bankers...
No.
Okay, can you hear it?

[SPEAKER_05]
We can hear it.
Okay, listen to this.

[SPEAKER_12]
What are you watching?
I didn't own some conspiracy theorist spreading the usual rubbish.

[SPEAKER_08]
But isn't she some kind of investment banker?

[SPEAKER_12]
What if she's right?
Right?
Come off the ground, she's a conspiracy theorist.

[SPEAKER_05]
With COVID-19 vaccines, there isn't a single paper in the New England Journal of Medicine, JAMA,
Lancet, where the conclusion is the risk of the vaccines outweigh the benefits.

[SPEAKER_00]
Do you think that it could be true?

[SPEAKER_09]
He's a conspiracy theorist.

[SPEAKER_00]
But isn't he a pretty famous doctor?
Why would he tarnish his career just to make those things up?

[SPEAKER_01]
The sharing of biased and false news has become all too common on social media.

[SPEAKER_09]
Along with millions of others, I have recently been called a conspiracy theorist for the first time in my life.
And it just does not sit right with me.
We've been forced to embrace this term
But what if it's being intentionally used to discredit people?
And then it dawned on me, we've never been conspiracy theorists because our theories are logical, evidence-based, and even debatable if people would debate us.
We are not conspiracy theorists at all.
We're actually rational theorists.
Until now,
Maybe you've been afraid to ask questions because you've seen people publicly vilified and bullied for doing so.
But things have changed.
Now is the perfect time to ask questions because you are a rational theorist and your theories are exactly that.

[SPEAKER_05]
There you go, Steve.

[SPEAKER_11]
It's official.
Maybe this is like a psych, you know, what do they call it?
Psyop?
Yeah.
And they're trying to do this to discredit us and to make us believe that we're not conspiracy theorists anymore.

[SPEAKER_05]
Monica's legit.
Now listen, I gotta show my slides.
So let's try this.

[SPEAKER_11]
Can you hit that share button at the bottom of the screen?
Yeah, you should be able to share screen.
Let me bring that up now.
It's right next to the little gear icon.

[SPEAKER_05]
Okay, right next to the gear icon.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, sure.
There's the microphone.
Okay, the video camera, the gear icon and I'm sharing now.

[SPEAKER_05]
No, I don't want to see anything.
I want to see my slides.

[SPEAKER_11]
So gotta pick the window.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
Okay, I think we're got it now.

[SPEAKER_04]
Pick Yeah, pick the window when it comes up when you share screen which window.

[SPEAKER_05]
Right now it's only showing this screen.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, now it's now it's off.
It's not sharing anymore.

[SPEAKER_05]
How about this?
Am I sharing now?

[SPEAKER_11]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yes.
Okay.
Can you see the slides?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yep.
Yes, we can.

[SPEAKER_05]
Okay.
Autopsy studies of death after COVID-19 vaccination.
So as introduced, I'm Dr. Peter McCullough.
I'm a practicing internist and cardiologist in Dallas, Texas.
Steve, I got to tell you today, I had my interview at the medical school here in Dallas, University of Texas Southwestern.
So I was chosen as one of the top 30 graduates in the history of the institution.
And I gave a video interview.
And I laid out my career, including all the work in COVID and all the work on early treatment and the vaccines.
And this young woman who works in Library of Science who was conducting the interview afterwards said, she goes, I don't know a single person who's had a problem with the vaccines.
And I said, well, that's really fortunate.
So we finished in the library room.
We walked out and we met her coworker who sits at the desk right next to her.
And we just chatted a little bit more about the vaccines.
And a coworker said, God, the vaccines, I had Guillain-Barre after my shot and I nearly died.
I paralyzed up to my neck.
And then I looked over at the girl who interviewed me and I just looked at her.

[SPEAKER_11]
That's it.

[SPEAKER_05]
And what happened?
And we came to a realization that she now knows somebody who sits next to her.
who had a problem with the vaccines.

[SPEAKER_11]
Finally.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yes.
So this is the type of realization that we're going to have to go through one by one by one.
Now she knows the person who sits right next to her had life threatening neurologic problem.
Let's get into autopsy studies after vaccination.
You know, Rasmussen Poll done right around the holidays last year reported that one in four people think they know somebody who died at the COVID-19 vaccines.
This is extraordinary.
This is worse than wartime.
terms of knowing somebody who's affected by a catastrophe.
The React 19 group, which done a great job chronicling all the peer-reviewed published literature on this, 3,400 COVID vaccine publications and case reports describing injuries, disabilities, and deaths.
3,400, about 800 on COVID-19 vaccine-induced myocarditis.
That's
a topic I've become very familiar with as a cardiologist.
I see patients like this every day.
The question on the table, though, is do the vaccines cause the problem?
Are they really the cause of the problem?
In epidemiology, and I'm trained as an epidemiologist at University of Michigan years ago, one of the top schools of public health in the nation, I can tell you we rely on
In terms of populations, we rely on the Bradford Hill criteria for causation.
The first criteria is the strength of the association.
Is it just a few excess deaths or are there many?
And the answer is it's a very strong signal.
The second one, is it consistent?
Have we seen it through country after country and region after region, gender and racial groups?
The answer is yes, it's very consistent.
The next is the specificity of the association.
That is, when these deaths occur, are there any other plausible explanations?
And the vast majority of the vaccine does.
There is no other explanation that's put forward.
The leading cause of death, for instance, in Alberta is no cause or unexplained death.
Edward Dowd has an entire book on this.
The fourth criteria is temporality.
It doesn't occur in close time sequence to receiving the vaccine.
Is there a temporal gradient?
The fifth one is, is there a biological gradient?
That is, if we give more and more and more of these products, these vaccines, is there a greater and greater risk of death?
The sixth one is plausibility.
Is it plausible that these vaccines could cause death?
Well, I can tell you the majority of the vaccines are genetic vaccines,
they install the genetic code for the lethal Wuhan spike protein, the protein that was engineered in a Chinese biosecurity lab to be more infectious and to be deadly.
So it's very plausible that there's an overproduction of this lethal protein and it results in death.
Number seven is coherence.
Does the entire picture stick together?
Is there anything that's making it erode?
So far, it's very coherent.
Number eight, is there experimental evidence?
Experimental evidence means a prospective double-blind randomized placebo-controlled trial.
The answer is yes, that in the randomized trial portfolio for Pfizer, there are slightly more excess deaths with Pfizer than there is with placebo.
And that's only with two months of exposure to the vaccines and a month of follow-up.
And the last is analogy.
Is there an analogy here?
Is there something analogous?
And one could say that what's analogous here is COVID-19 SARS-CoV-2 respiratory infection.
The respiratory infection also exposes patients to the lethal Wuhan spike protein, and some people did die of very similar mechanisms of death with the spike protein, including blood clots and other consistent illnesses.
Guillain-Barre is another one, but one can die with Guillain-Barre after
COVID or the vaccine.
So I would submit to you that the Bradford Hill criteria from a population perspective have been largely fulfilled.
So if we were, this was used, by the way, Sir Austin Bradford Hill used this for smoking and did smoking cause lung cancer?
It was the same criteria.
And from the time Sir Austin Bradford Hill concluded smoking was the cause of lung cancer, it took 40 years for doctors to
conclude that smoking caused lung cancer, 40 years.
So people have asked, how long is it going to be before doctors actually agree that the vaccine's caused death?
It could be a very, very long time if smoking is any example.
Now, autopsies have been coming in in the peer-reviewed literature.
And I do want to highlight this paper from Esposito and colleagues from Catana, Italy.
And this came in last November.
published in January, this is a fully vaccinated person who died of COVID pneumonia.
And all the tissue histopathology shows SARS-CoV-2 nucleocapsid that shows the virus there.
And this is making the autopsy case that fully vaccinated people can certainly die of COVID-19 respiratory illness.
Because the vaccines don't work,
they don't stop COVID-19, one can actually die of the illness.
And this is a autopsy case example.
So it didn't directly die of the vaccine, but they died as a result of vaccine failure.
This is a point.
Now, I was contacted by University of Michigan, Nick Holscher, for a graduate student program this spring.
And it got fully approved by University of Michigan School of Public Health.
as his, and I got approved as the faculty mentor.
I'm a graduate there.
And we undertook this project.
And I just want to tell you that our manuscript was submitted to Lancet, and it was favorably reviewed at Lancet.
It was triaged to a lower-level Lancet journal, accepted up on the preprint server.
It went through two sets of checks, was up on the preprint server, and while we moved on to another journal.
And it was less than 24 hours.
and Lancet and the publisher Elsevier shut it down.
We were stunned because the editorial office viewed it favorably, and it went through all the checks for entry on the preprint server.
It wasn't peer reviewed, but there's no reason why it should be censored.

[SPEAKER_11]
It's a preprint journal.

[SPEAKER_05]
It's a preprint.
And so what was Lancet's notice?
They didn't call us.
They didn't send us an email.
They just said, this preprint has been removed, Steve.
preprints with the Lancet because the study's conclusions are not supported by the study methodology.
And basically, Lancet was disagreeing with the results.
The results were that there's a high likelihood of a causal link between COVID-19 vaccines and deaths in most cases.
Further urgent investigation is required.
So I'll tell you the reason why I think Lancet disagreed with the conclusions or other
outside actors disagreed with it and they influenced Lancet and Elsevier to pull it down.
So we're gonna go through the methodology.
But boy, this was picked up by Will Jones at the Daily Skeptic about how Lancet basically was trying to censor a study that found that 74% of cases were independently reviewed by three reviewers with contemporary knowledge of how the vaccines work, found that the vaccines were the cause of death.
Here's the paper now, Steve.
We've had it up on the European Commission's Zenodo pre-print server.
And this is astonishing.
232,000 downloads and views.
Typical vaccine paper, we benchmarked this against several vaccine papers on Zenodo server, about 50 downloads and views.
So if Lancet and Elsevier
If their goal was to suppress this information, censoring this completely backfired because I was invited on multiple platforms to explain what was going on.
People wanted to find it.
This has been very favorably reviewed.
All the comments, we haven't had a single comment that has
Has attacked the methodology or, you know, eroded our confidence in our.

[SPEAKER_11]
Okay.
So let me get this straight, Peter.
What you're telling me is that how many comments did you get?

[SPEAKER_05]
Um, I can't tell you from this.
Uh, I don't know.

[SPEAKER_11]
Okay.
So of all the comments that you've got, you didn't get a single comment that agreed with the Lancet for the reason they retracted the paper.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, no, there was different comments of, uh, you know,
But when we'll get into it, selection and could there be more cases out there?
Many people are just relating what happened to their family members who died, things of this nature.
But no, there wasn't one where it's, aha, here's a flaw, here's a thing.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, here's the flaw.
Right.
So to this day, you're still clueless as to what the flaw in your paper is.
The Lancet basically says, hey, we found a flaw, but we're not going to tell you what it is.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, the conclusions are that there's a high likelihood of a causal link and the methodology I'm going to show you, Steve.
So here's the methodology right here.
How do you do a study like this, where the autopsies are coming in one by one as case reports, and there's no pattern.
With a single case report, you can't see a population.
We need to generate the entire population.
So we searched 678 papers, removed duplicates, identified.
We went through all the references in the papers and did hand searching of the references.
screen these records, went through this retrieval process of pulling them all, assessed them for eligibility.
And, you know, we excluded ones because there weren't any autopsies.
They didn't report the vaccine status in some of these.
We couldn't deal with it.
And we were left with 44 papers.
Now, the mean age, Steve, of interest was 70 years old.
So these are the ones that were submitted for autopsy.
And there was enough of interest to write these cases up academically.
This is not the universe of autopsies that have occurred in the world.
These are just ones that have got written up.
I got contacted by an expert from Australia who indicated that he had a database, Steve, of 1,100 autopsies done in Australia after the vaccine.
I said, boy, I'd really like to analyze that as individual data.
But we did the best we could.
So we have these 44 papers.
Now we took them all and we extracted all the information regarding the autopsy, what was done, the organs assessed, the tissue histology, did they stain for the nucleocapsid, the spike protein.
This is very in-depth.
We generated dozens and dozens of pages of evidence tables, which we also submitted to Zanotto.
And then we used three independent reviewers to look at each case now, irrespective of what the authors thought.
We're just reviewing everything and they had to declare that yes, the vaccine was a cause of death or it significantly contributed to the death or it had nothing to do with it.
And this is what we found.
We found that the majority of, in terms of organ system affected, Steve, it was 53% cardiovascular.
uh, 17% hematological, uh, you can see here, uh, 8% respiratory and then we don't have to get into the organs, but you can get an idea.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_11]
It's all consistent with a, with a COVID vaccine injury.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
So it's very consistent COVID vaccine, but, but when people die after the vaccine, one of the things you conclude is it's likely cardiovascular.
It makes sense because most of the deaths are cardiac arrests.
So, um,
I think this is an important figure.
Now, when we looked at the number of organs involved, the vast majority was a single organ system, and that was the heart.
And very few was at multiple organs.
There is a condition called multi-system inflammatory illness, but the vast majority are single organ system, cardiovascular.
Here is the time
from the last vaccine dose.
Now remember, these have come for autopsy, but you can see that these are cases one or two days or three or four days after the shot.
So they're in very close temporal proximity to the shot.

[SPEAKER_11]
So if you look, oh, okay, nevermind.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
I mean, there are, you know, there's somebody there who's nearly 290 days after the shot, but most of them are clustered right up
close to when they received shots.

[SPEAKER_11]
So again, I, by the way, I know someone who's, uh, who just died two years after the shot and we're sending the tissue samples to Ryan Cole for analysis.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, I have a case like that, but this is, these are the ones that's in the literature.
So, you know, a pattern, by the way, a pattern that would look random.
would be shaped like a bell shape and it would be somewhere, you know, out and around 18 or 20.
You know, generally randomness assumes a normal distribution.
This is called the skewed distribution towards the exposure.
And here are the conclusions.
73.9% of the cases were independently adjudicated as directly due or significantly attributed COVID-19 vaccine.
And these were our conclusions.
You know, reasonable conclusions, high likelihood
of a causal link.
And let's talk about likelihood for a second.
Some have actually, with autopsies, they use a legal standard.
So the preponderance of the evidence means 51% to 49.
So we definitely had preponderance evidence.
Clear and convincing would be 80%.
So we're not at 80%.
We're between preponderance of the evidence and clear and convincing.
And then beyond a reasonable shadow of a doubt would be basically right up at 99%.
But in a court of law, this is where it would be.
Now, we've done a second paper now restricted to the authors, to cardiovascular pathologists, cardiologists.
And now we just look at fatal myocarditis.
Remember, the FDA says that vaccines cause myocarditis.
They've said it since June of 2021.
Phraseology has always been that it's mild, it's transient, it's self-limited.

[SPEAKER_11]
Until you die.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, and it's rare.
Well, if one dies of myocarditis, then it clearly can't be mild.
Remember, a severe adverse event by the FDA is defined as something that causes death, hospitalization, or is life threatening or belongs to hospitalization.
So again, this is the standard methodology, Steve.
This is what the Lancet was questioning.
The search methodology always uses what's called a Prisma flow diagram.
And Prisma is just showing people that we were complete.
Remember, one of the ways these studies can be inaccurate is excluding key papers.
Remember, you can't exclude key papers.
We have to include them all.
So we include them.
It turns out with fatal myocarditis, we're down to 28 cases.
in the peer-reviewed literature.
And this is what we see.
Vast majority is just cardiovascular.
Only 7% of myocarditis is multi-system inflammatory disorder.
Now, here the time since the shot is a little bit farther out, at about three days or so.
Now, in this paper, we reproduce some slides from a paper by Bowmeyer and colleagues.
These individuals are alive.
They're young boys with myocarditis hospitalized in Germany, and they've had biopsies.
And as you can see at the top, they stain for the spike protein that's produced from the vaccine, and it stains in cardiac tissue in small areas, almost certainly where there's injury and inactive myocarditis.
And then on the bottom panel,
is showing inflammatory cells.
So these are CD4 and CD8 positive white blood cells and showing them.
And those are the little dark purple dots in there.
There shouldn't be any little dark purple dots in the heart muscle.
It should be very homogeneous.
So this is clearly showing that indeed there is myocarditis and the spike protein can be found in the heart.
Of interest, they stained for nucleocapsid and there was no nucleocapsid.
So this is not the virus.
This is spike protein from the vaccine.
Now the patterns of death that are seen in these cases and then also reported elsewhere is dying during sleep and dying during athletic activity.
And Flavio Cattagiani published this paper with this diagram outlining epidemiologic factors, biological factors, metabolism of catecholamines, which are
the circulating forms of catecholamines, adrenaline are basically dopamine epinephrine and norepinephrine, making the case that with myocarditis, it's a trigger of adrenaline and its family of hormones that seems to trigger the deaths.
And the two time points where there's a big rise is between 3 a.m. and 6 a.m. and then towards.
And this is the reason why before
before COVID, our guidelines in cardiology said, we can never let somebody with myocarditis play sports because it's going to trigger a cardiac arrest.
And you know, in 2020, Steve, people were so concerned about this.
The U S military had a screening program with COVID in 2020, not the vaccines COVID.
They were so worried about myocarditis.
They couldn't really find any serious cases.
The big 10 athletic league and a paper by Daniels,
looked with all the athletes in the Big Ten, and you know, Big Ten, that's the college division that usually whoops the Pac-10, Steve, in Rose Bowl and these types of games.

[SPEAKER_11]
Well, yeah, but the Pac-10 have gotten clever and decided to join the Big Ten so that that wouldn't happen anymore.

[SPEAKER_05]
Right, okay.
So anyhow, so the Big Ten, and guess what?
About 30% of the Big Ten got COVID in 2020, and they looked for myocarditis.
They found about
three dozen purported cases, no hospitalizations, no deaths.
And so the military, the big 10, actually in Israel, they're doing screen, they all dropped it because they concluded COVID didn't cause myocarditis.
That was serious.
Now the vaccines came in and the FDA says it causes myocarditis.
We're seeing large numbers of myocarditis and none of these screening programs are resurrected.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, that's how medicine works, Peter.

[SPEAKER_05]
So so we're left.

[SPEAKER_11]
It works the opposite of what you intuitively think it should.

[SPEAKER_05]
Right.
So, Steve, here's the case that really worries me the most.
Let me explain.
Oscar Cabrera, Oscar Cabrera, Adamus.
So he is Dominican, plays in one of the foreign leagues in twenty twenty one.
Steve, he has a cardiac arrest.
I mean, his face is flat down on the court.
They resuscitate him.
and he tells the world that he has vaccine myocarditis.
He says he has it.
He's taken out of sports, appropriately taken out of sports, and presumably he's treated, he's observed, and they're undergoing a stress test here to see if he's ready to go back to return to pro basketball.
And if you look at his chest here, I can tell you as a cardiologist, he has not had an ICD put in.
An ICD would either have a pulse generator here or it would have an incision underneath the pectoralis.
There's a subcutaneous ICD that can be put in with no leads in the vasculature.
There's no ICD here.
And there's also no life vest.
That means there can be a vest that we have him wear to shock the heart.
So they're thinking he's ready to go and they've taped the box to him.
So that means he's gonna go all out.
They're gonna have him run as hard as he possibly can.
So this is a go for it set up for a stress test.
And what happens?
He dies on the treadmill.
He dies on the treadmill.

[SPEAKER_11]
So this is in a medical office where they have the defibrillators.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yes, Steve.

[SPEAKER_11]
And even that couldn't save him.

[SPEAKER_05]
Right.
So I've been a cardiologist, you know, I'm in my fourth decade now.
I've never had someone die in the treadmill.
We can shock the heart.
We can get an IV and we can give drugs, but I've never had someone die.
And they said it was a medical facility.
that he was in.

[SPEAKER_11]
Welcome to the new normal, Peter.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, Steve, I'm really worried that this is two years after he has declared clear cut COVID-19 myocarditis, and he dies two years later.
We have now so many athletes who have had cardiac arrest.
No one's keeping track of who has defibrillators, who doesn't.
We have Damar Hamlin disputedly, I think it's likely he had vaccine-induced myocarditis, sudden death.
Hamlin claims he had Commodio Cortis.
It kind of doesn't matter because he's had a cardiac arrest and pro athletes should have a defibrillator because nothing's changed.
The environment could be there again on a big tackle where he has a surge of adrenaline.
Cabrera had a surge of adrenaline on the stress test and that was it.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, I mean, Damar Hamlin, I don't think is ever going to play again, right?

[SPEAKER_05]
He's practicing, Steve.
He's got pads on.

[SPEAKER_11]
Really?
Wow.

[SPEAKER_05]
I watched it.

[SPEAKER_11]
So my cardiologist, yeah, Steve, he's risking his life.

[SPEAKER_05]
Basically cardiologist and Michael Goodkin and myself, Steve, uh, wrote the, uh, Buffalo newspaper with an op ed, uh, really challenging this, asking the newspaper to really speak out about this.
Does Hamlin have a defibrillator in a sub-cuticular, uh, defibrillator?
Is he going to wear a life vest?
What do other cardiologists think?
We really think somebody needs to step in here.
There's never been a pro player in any sport, have a cardiac arrest, and then return to the field of play.
It's never happened.
It's never happened.
He's practicing right now.

[SPEAKER_11]
Welcome to the new normal.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
But this case worries me the most because this is well documented.
We know exactly what it has.
There's no controversy.
And they couldn't save him when he had the stress test to go down.

[SPEAKER_11]
Extraordinary.

[SPEAKER_05]
And see, this implies if he would have went back like Hamlin, he would have died on the court.

[SPEAKER_11]
Oh, yeah.

[SPEAKER_05]
So, you know, sooner or later.
Yeah, I think this makes it clear.
Now, this paper caught my attention.
People ask me with myocarditis, you know, what's going to happen?
What's the outlook?
And there are very few big series of myocarditis because it's so rare.
This paper by Katie Fisher
from Bern, Switzerland, was published a few years ago before COVID.
This is before COVID.
So this is myocarditis due to other causes before COVID.
And they analyzed all these factors, including the EKG, the ECHO, and the MRI.
And to summarize, both the EKG and the MRI are prognostic, meaning that
When, and you see, look at the lower right panel.
When the EKG was persistently abnormal and the MRI was abnormal, the MRI did not normalize.
You can see over 15 years, there was about a 35% event rate.
Now the event was death, hospitalization for heart failure, or need for transplant.
So pretty serious outcomes.
When
The EKG normalized and the MRI normalized, presumably that's Hamlin or some of these others, the event rate over 15 years is about 10%.
But it's not zero.
It's still high.
It's not zero.
But I'm very disturbed by a recent two papers, one by Barmada from Yale showing that nine months, 80% of the MRIs are still abnormal, Steve, 80%.
And then a paper by you recently from Hong Kong showing at a year, 58% of MRIs are still abnormal.
So I got to tell you, as a cardiologist, I'm ordering these follow up MRIs.
I'm very worried.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah.
I mean, these MRIs are from the, sorry, the, the myocarditis is vaccine induced myocarditis that is, is lasting this long.
Is that right?

[SPEAKER_05]
No, this is myocarditis from other causes, Steve.
This is before COVID.
But look at this is, this is a case series of 587 cases.
You just don't have case series that big.
So this was parvovirus, giant cell myocarditis, or hemovirus.

[SPEAKER_11]
So myocarditis is not basically going away once you have it.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, the lowest risk is if the EKG normalizes, MRI normalizes.
10%.
Risk there.
But everyone needs to know, players walking around with abnormal MRIs or EKGs, watch out, Steve.
I mean, this is really serious business, very serious business.
Now this is the biggest series with the longest follow-up I could find right now.

[SPEAKER_11]
Okay.
So it's increasing your risk of death by a factor of 10 or so.
Yeah.
If you look at it, if you take the 15 year, 10% over 15 years, look at the.

[SPEAKER_05]
And based on what I'm seeing Steve with COVID vaccine myocarditis, because it looks like it's an ongoing sustained mechanism of injury.
I think the survival curves are going to be way worse.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_05]
Way worse than this.
So, I'm very concerned.
Okay.
To finish and conclude, the Bradford Hill criteria for causality have been fulfilled.
Okay.
From an epidemiologic perspective, you know, we could go through the exercise over and over again.
A sufficient number of these are fulfilled in terms of causality.
We could conclude, in general, the COVID vaccines are associated with death, that they're the cause of death.
We've heard correlation is not causation.
Well, in this case, we apply the Bradford Hill criteria and they're fulfilled.
So epidemiologically, the vaccines are the cause of death.

[SPEAKER_11]
Let me just stop you just for a second there on that because on Twitter all the time, people are saying, oh, you didn't read the disclaimer, Steve.
It says that you can't determine causality from the VAERS data.
And I always say, well, technically that's true because of the Bradford Hill criteria, you can't show biologic plausibility just on the various data, but you can show pretty much everything except for a few things.
And so it's very misleading to tell people, oh, you can't use that to determine causality.
Of course you can, it's evidence.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, you're using it.
Bradford Hill doesn't say you have to be restricted to VAERS.
Bradford Hill says you take all the literature.
So what VAERS is telling you is that it's a very big signal and VAERS is telling you that it's temporally related.
VAERS is telling you that it's internally consistent because there's a lot of near misses like hospitalizations.
So VAERS is fulfilling some of the Bradford Hill
But then we go to all the other, the 4,300 papers out there.
and fully use the literature.
So no, I don't use VAERS alone, but it's helpful.

[SPEAKER_11]
By the way- I guess my point is, Peter, that VAERS alone can be used to determine causality because you can look at the dosing and you can say, oh my gosh, when this guy got a double dose, we had twice as many symptoms happening, right?
So you can establish lots of things from VAERS on the Bradford Hill criteria.

[SPEAKER_05]
You can, but I can tell you, you could also fulfill the Bradford Hill criteria without VAERS.

[SPEAKER_11]
No, I know.
I know.
But my point is people are always saying that, oh, you can't use fares to determine causality.
And sure, you can.
It's evidence.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, I think the answer is what I would say is you use it in part that no single piece of evidence is necessary nor sufficient.
But we fully and broadly include
The, all the evidence.
Remember the 21st century cares act says we look at all the evidence.

[SPEAKER_11]
But the point is, if there was the only evidence that you have, you can show causality.
form.
And the there are really five criteria for a for a vaccine that the you don't have to go through all of them, all nine of them, you can prove five and four out of the five can be shown in various biological plausibility.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, that's a good point.
Maybe your audience doesn't know this, but you know, the WHO has its own vaccine causality criteria, and it's restricted to five.
So it's not, it's not as even as broad as Bradford Hill.

[SPEAKER_11]
So it's pretty standard.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
So the second conclusion is multiple mechanism of action explained fatal COVID-19 vaccine injury center.
Most of it's cardiac, but of the non-cardiac, remember I said that part of it was pulmonary, that was pulmonary embolism, blood clots in the lungs.
And there's some neurologic and others, but the mechanisms are very consistent.
The majority of deaths in close proximity,
to vaccination are caused by the injection.
So these are very close, temporally related.
Vaccine-induced myocarditis is not mild, and it can be fatal.
These cases now, the whole share paper ought to be used, I think, as the front paper to say, listen, it can be fatal.
We're showing it now.
There's no ambiguity here.
And then the last one is many questions remain.
You know, what is the overall magnitude of the mortality signal?
The more we dig on this, the bigger it looks.
And right now it's large.
It could be as many as, you know, half a million to 600,000 Americans, you know, using underreporting relationships.
Some have extended it to much higher.
Are the seniors being grossly undercounted?
There's been presentations by John Bedouin
who says that maybe some of the vaccine deaths have been counted as COVID deaths in the hospital.
So the magnitude of the number of deaths will not become smaller.
It will only become greater as we have more and more investigation.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah.
So there was a, in the BMJ,
Uh, there was, uh, a, uh, article about the deaths.
I think it was in Finland or it was like 23 deaths.
They gave 20,000 doses and they got 23 deaths in 20,000 doses.
And so that is very suggestive of the number that I've been using, uh, that I've determined from multiple different ways of, uh, essentially one death per per thousand doses.
So there are 675 million doses given in the US translates into about 675,000 deaths, which is very consistent with the various number when you multiply it by the underreporting factor.
It's very consistent with Mark Skidmore's number.
It's very consistent with other numbers that people have come up with, one in the thousand.

[SPEAKER_05]
So one per thousand.
So one death out of a thousand shots.
That sounds like it's something you can hang on to.
When we start to get consistency across observation after observation, you start to become scientifically more confident.
But the CDC has the National Death Index.
They have the vaccine administration data.
So do many countries have both the deaths and the vaccine administration.
And despite people pushing all over the world, not a single government will merge the vaccine administration data with the death data.

[SPEAKER_11]
Absolutely right.
And, and I tried to get it out of California and I tried to ask them, Hey, you know, I know that the FOIA request doesn't allow me to ask for this, but would you do this for me?
And they say, Nope, we're not required to do it for you.
We don't have a way to connect the vaccine database with the death database and therefore
We're clueless as to whether these shots are helping people or hurting people.
And then I talked to the California state epidemiologist and I said, hey, how about you join me in sponsoring a bill or advocating for a bill in the California legislature that would create transparency for public health data?
And she never talked to me again after I asked her that.
I said, do you believe in data transparency?
And I never got the answer.

[SPEAKER_05]
The term we're using is willfully blind people, just like the person I talked to at Southwestern Medical School.
She's willfully blind that her office make Guillain-Barre syndrome.
I mean, why would she tell me she doesn't know a single person who is damaged by the vaccine that she's sitting right next door to someone?
This is called willful blindness.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_11]
I'll tell you another anecdote is I had a nice little SMS chat with the CEO of Consumer Watchdog.
Now, these people are supposed to be protecting the public.
And I said, so, you know, hey, can I have a chat with you about the vaccines?
They said, oh, no, we think the vaccines are perfectly safe.
And I said, really?
Well, could you tell me?
I haven't been able to find a paper showing that the fully vaccinated are actually better off than the fully unvaccinated.
All the papers say the opposite.
And when Congress tried to get a bill passed to get a study done,
They wouldn't pass the bill, they weren't interested.
I said, could you please just tell me what the paper is that I missed, right?
That shows that the vaccinated are better off.
Immediately silence.
That was the last I heard from her.
And she was answering like this every time I send her a message.
And then I said, well, she said, I don't want to debate you.
I said, no, no, I don't need a debate.
Just just give me the name of the paper, please.
That shows me that I'm wrong because I don't want to spread misinformation.
And she ghosted me.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
Steve, you're making the point that safety has to be proven.
Anybody who claims something is safe, the burden of proof is on them.
They have to show us they're safe.
Every paper I look at, I'm not assured that they're safe.
It has to be proven to me.
Now, the questions that are still open, I think cumulative dose.
Steve, do you know anybody who's taken seven doses?
No.
And lived?
No, because you can't live, Peter.
You can't.
You'll die before that happens.
This is a government program.
The CDC and FDA, HHS, they all advise these shots.
We've had two presidents fully behind the shots and who have told us they're taking shots, Trump and Biden.
Have they said they're on their seventh shot?
No.
How about Walensky, Fauci, Collins?
No, I don't know anyone.

[SPEAKER_11]
No one.
Does anyone in the audience?

[SPEAKER_05]
Is there anybody in the chat?
If anybody knows any person who's publicly said they took seven shots, seven shots, let's see what we got here.
So Steve, let me finish.
So the time from the last dose, I predict that the time from the last dose is going to be pretty long.
If this is a Thomas case is any indication.
And there's a paper by Lee showing blood clots two years afterwards.
I'm thinking from the time one takes a shot,
The horizon for risk of death could be many years.
We don't know much about susceptibility.
I would say this, cardiac channelopathies or genetic problems in the heart raise risk.
Blood clotting disorders raise risk.
Baseline neurologic disease raises risk.
Baseline hypertension raises risk.
But we need methods for risk stratification.
Who's going to be harmed?
And risk mitigation.
Who do we need to do testing on and who we don't?
This is largely
what I'm dealing with in my practice right now.
I'm going to stop sharing my screen.

[SPEAKER_11]
But that's what Peter, we found one.
There's a person in Bangkok who took seven.
One.

[SPEAKER_05]
Okay, let's get his picture up.
Let's get a picture up.
Let's see if he's still around.
Steve,
The autopsy data are important.
There's a reason why Elsevier and Lancet vigorously tried to suppress it.
And there's a reason why Zenodo is breaking all records with nearly a quarter million downloads.
That's among academic doctors on the European Commission server.
There's a reason why, Steve, because the autopsy data are so clear.
They're so conclusive.
They're very unlikely to be overturned.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah.
Yeah, great work.
You know, it's something we all knew before, but it's nice to have that confirmed.
And I'll bet you that nobody wants to debate you about that paper, Peter.
I'll bet you that nobody's calling you up and saying, Peter, I want to challenge you on that.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, I tell you, I gave my hour interview about my career at UT Southwestern.
And a big part of it was about early treatment of COVID and the vaccines.
And I talked to the person all the way out to the car.
I said, don't you dare edit that out.
So we'll see.
We'll see what survives here.
But there is consistent censorship across the entire world right now trying to suppress any hope of early treatment and any information on vaccine safety.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, it's pretty astounding that not a single government in the world will create data transparency for this data.
So LeBron James, his son, Brawny, went to Rochester for a second opinion, which to me doesn't make a lot of sense because they basically got the blue pill response from USC.
And now they're going to go over to Rochester
who are a bunch of blue pillers as well, and they're going to get the blue pill second opinion.

[SPEAKER_05]
You know, you know, the opinion they're getting, they're going to talk to Art Moss and some others, their famous doctors at University of Rochester about whether or not he needs a defibrillator.
That's what that entire discussion is about.
Remember his teammate, Nick Iwichuchu.
He also had a cardiac arrest.
USC mandated the vaccines on the kids.
Bronnie James had the vaccines mandated on him in high school, with no exceptions.
LeBron said he did his research in September of 2021 and said the vaccine was a good idea.
That was three months after the FDA said the vaccines caused myocarditis.
Bad research by LeBron.
No athlete would ever take a shot that damages the heart.
So it's a giant mistake.
You can imagine how remorseful LeBron feels right now.
I don't think Bronnie had a full cardiac arrest.
I think he may have had sustained ventricle tachycardia, self-terminated.
There's no mention of shock, intubation.
He was in and out of the ICU in a couple hours, home in a day.
That's not a full cardiac arrest.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah.
So the question is, you know, what kind of what kind of risk is he at?
So so Peter, if LeBron James asked you for a second opinion, would you be interested in taking a look at Bonnie's records?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, I'm happy to help anybody out there.
My heart goes out to people and, you know, they're having such a hard time wrestling with this.
Let me tell you, I did get a chance to catch up to pilot Bob Snow.
Oh, wow.
Yeah, the American Airlines pilot who, you know how when you're leaving the plane, Steve, I know you sit in first class and you're out the first guy out, but us people back in the coach were way back there.
But as we as we come along, Steve, the pilot says goodbye to us.
And do you know how the pilot is there?
So so he was at the very end of people going up.
And what he told me, Steve, it was lights out.
It was just no warning.
Boom.
He remembers nothing.
He was down.
He did the face plant.
And there was no one there.
There was like no doctors there to try to help.
So they called 911.
And you know what, Steve, by luck, the paramedics were at the next gate dealing with some old lady who was having some problem.
And they were right there.
They literally just ran one gate over at DFW airport and they got the pedals on them.
Now it took three shocks to get them back, but they got them back.
There was no brain damage.
And when they brought him to the hospital, you remember within a few days, he made a video and he lifted up his hospital gown and showed all the lids on him.
He goes, this is what the vaccine did to me.
That is a normal response.
That is a normal psychological response to what happened.
And we're not seeing that from Nick Iwachuchu.
We didn't see that from Bronnie James.
We didn't see that from any of these athletes who are resuscitated in Europe.
Snow did the right thing.
Now, interestingly, Steve, he got a subcutaneous ICD, not the kind that goes inside the heart, but the one that goes under the pectoralis muscle.
He showed me his unit, had me feel it, and showed me where the leads are.
He's back to exercising.
He's vigorous.
It's been a year and a half, Steve, no ICD discharge.
That's good.
So I mean, that's a good sign.
In general, when we put in an ICD after someone's had a cardiac arrest for other reasons, like a heart attack or another cause, the rate of the ICD being called upon to save the patient again over years, over about four years, is about 50%.
So it's not 100%.
Now, if we put in an ICD prophylactically, like we think they're at high risk for sudden death, but they haven't had a cardiac arrest, that rate drops in half to about 25% utilization.
So I think we're going to have more and more athletes who have sub-categorized ICDs.
This is a new thing in cardiology and medicine where they may be able to go back to play.
Everybody needs to be on their toes with respect to defibrillators.
We even have something called a life vest, Steve.
A life vest is, it looks like a life preserver.
It's like a life, a fishing jacket.
And it senses the heart and it can shock the heart.
I'm nearly certain that Damar Hamlin had one of those on
when he went to the next playoff game at the Bills.
Remember he showed up in the playoff game and he's up in the box and he was wearing sunglasses and a hood.
His body looked big.
I think he had a life vest on.

[SPEAKER_11]
Right.
So that would suggest that it wasn't commotio cordis, right?
Because if it was commotio cordis, you wouldn't have one of those.

[SPEAKER_05]
Right.
Good observation.

[SPEAKER_11]
Good observation.

[SPEAKER_05]
We're going to give you your graduate medical school degree.
Stanford's going to be a high bar for you, but we'll see what we can do.
Now, Steve, one of the things that when I went on Tucker Carlson, about 24 hours after Hamlin had his cardiac arrest, I told Tucker that it wasn't Commodio Cortis.
The players have pads that protect the sternum,
and the helmet is too big and too round, there's no way that a helmet through the pads could cause Commodio Cortis.

[SPEAKER_11]
It's never happened in football.
It's completely nonsensical in football.
There's never been a football case of Commodio Cortis.

[SPEAKER_05]
Never.
So Hamlin stating, and I don't know if his doctors have publicly backed him on this, but he's come out himself and said, oh, this is what I have.
Him saying that is the first time ever in history
I disagreed with that from the very beginning.
I studied the tape very carefully.
I talked to other experts, and I talked to experts in football.
I mean, people who really know the pads and everything.
And Steve, they said, no way.
Remember, Commodio Cortis, if you've ever seen this, it's like a baseball going 100 miles an hour.
They go down immediately.
They go down immediately.
Boom, down, every time.
He actually made the tackle, he got up, he was adjusting his face mask, then he went down.
So that was a primary cardiac arrest.
What happened to Damar Hamlin is exactly what happened to Bob Snow in DFW airport.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, no, I mean, Hamlin's lying.
Maybe I should put some money on this and see if anyone will take my bet.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, remember when Michael Strahan asked him what caused your cardiac arrest?
He didn't want to go there.

[SPEAKER_11]
He didn't say Commodio Cortis.

[SPEAKER_05]
No, that later on.

[SPEAKER_11]
Right.
Yeah.
You can't go, you can't go and say that later on.
Like there'd be no reason he'd say, well, I don't want to go there.
Like if it's commercial cord is like, there's no reason in the world he wouldn't go there.
And then Michael Strahan would say, Hmm, how's the physics work on that one?
Like, how's that even possible?

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, let me tell you what I think happened.
When I tell you it happened.
So I think he had a COVID-19 vaccine induced myocarditis.
He had a cardiac arrest.
He came in the hospital.
I bet his blood tests were all negative.
I think he did aspirate some fluid, by the way, when they were doing CPR and you see his mouth was full of fluid.
They moved his head over and all this, you know, probably just drank Gatorade before the play.
So he aspirated some of that.
There's a reason why he was on the ventilator for a day and he was on oxygen.
He actually aspirated some of the private Gatorade.
He got through that and, um,
And I think they ended up doing EKGs, blood tests, ECOS, and MRIs, and I bet it was all normal.
I bet it was all normal.
And here's the conundrum.
Remember I showed you that slide from Bowmeyer?
These little patches of inflammation and spike protein are very small.
The MRI slices at every so many millimeters.
The MRI could easily miss the area of inflammation, could easily.
And so I bet he has all normal tests.
The doctor, doctors told him, listen, we're not sure what you had.
He said, yeah, could I have commotio cortis?
They go, I guess you could.
And so he went with that story.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah.
That's what happened.
Yeah.
But no doctor.
See, that's the thing is that if he really had commotio cortis, the doctor would have said it.
right?
It would, the doctor, he would have given the doctor permission to talk about his medical status and the doctor would have said commercial quarters, but he didn't.
He basically did.
He was the one who came out and said commercial quarters and we never heard from any physician at all that it was commercial quarters.
which tells me the physicians didn't agree with it.
Cause the physicians never lie on camera.

[SPEAKER_05]
That would be really bad because their licenses are at stake.
And you know, the lesson learned is when these public figures come out, Steve, they need to come out with their doctors.
When they start presenting their own case.
Remember Jamie Fox came out recently, uh, you know, no doctor involved, uh, with both Hamlin and Fox, interestingly,
you know, when they came out, they actually never told people what they had.
When Damar Hamlin, you, Oh, I went through this journey and all this stuff.
And Fox went through this journey and all this.
They've been to Helen back.
Just tell us what you have.
That's what people, you know, any, any reasonable person would tell you're in the hospital.
Yeah.
So, so, so you can tell Fox would not say what he had.
And I looked at him, his face was paralyzed on one side.
He had lost a lot.
He looked to me like he had a stroke.
And one thing he did say is he said he had tubes in him for months.
That would be a feeding tube or a PEG tube, and then a tracheostomy tube.
And I noticed his IZOD shirt was right up over where a tracheostomy tube would be.
So I'm concerned that Fox had a feeding tube and a tracheostomy tube, and he had a major stroke.
I'm glad to see he recovered as much as he did.
But when I saw him back in 2021, we took pictures.
That guy is a stud.
He was very fit and cut and intelligent.
And if he did take one of the vaccines, as Hollywood reporter AJ Benza said he did, if he did it, he did it knowing that he took a big risk.
And boy, he got stung.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, you know, we could talk about the McCullough rule, right, that we developed when we last talked.
And the McCullough rule is that if they don't tell you what it is, it was the vaccine.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, here's the other thing, Steve, if they don't tell you that they didn't take the vaccine, it is the vaccine.
And if they don't tell you a diagnosis, it's the vaccine.
So when they leave it, let me give you an example.
You probably heard maybe about a year ago, there was a boy somewhere out west
And he was reported to have a six foot blood clot in him.
They pulled out a huge, he's really tall boy.
He had a huge blood clot in his venous system.
And everyone was tweeting, aha, it's the vaccine.
It's the vaccine.
He's got a huge blood clot.
The mother got out there right away and said, he did not take the vaccine.
It's not the vaccine.
He's got a congenital interruption in his inferior vena cava.
He's got a congenital venous abnormality.
And that explains it.
So parents and the people are honest when they didn't take the vaccine.
So when people didn't take the vaccine right away, you'll say, oh, they died of a long history of cancer.
You'll actually get the standard story.
But if they've taken the vaccine, you'll get some nebulous story of hardship or demise, but no mention of the exact diagnosis and no mention of the vaccine.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yep.
Do we have audience questions, Livio?
Yeah, questions.

[SPEAKER_04]
We have quite a few questions.
Let me go to my sheet here, starting with a question from real Firefox XB9R.
Oh, man.

[SPEAKER_11]
That sounds like an assault rifle.

[SPEAKER_04]
It does.
I'm cooked right now.
What is it?
Yeah.
This is for Dr. McCullough.
Have cases of multiple sclerosis MS increased since the COVID shots?
And if so, have any studies found a casual connection with the vaccines?

[SPEAKER_05]
I don't know the answer to that.
I don't know the answer to that.
Multiple Sclerosis Society is advising taking the vaccine.
Now, I saw a physician this week in the office, a physician who had multiple sclerosis and it was quiescent and actually reactivated after the vaccine.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, I mean, it's kind of like the Alzheimer's Association recommending the vaccine, even though it's going to increase your risk of getting dementia by 25 times.

[SPEAKER_05]
Right.
Remember, no medical society or disease society recommended against the vaccines.

[SPEAKER_11]
Right.

[SPEAKER_05]
Not even the thrombosis society or the American College of Cardiology, not a single medical society

[SPEAKER_11]
It's amazing the level of consensus.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, neutral or recommended against the vaccine.
I recently worked at the American College of Cardiology and they came out with a position paper in fall of 2022 and they said the vaccine causes way more myocarditis or the illness causes way more myocarditis than the vaccine.
So therefore I should take the vaccine and get more myocarditis.
I said no.
And I wrote them, and I said, listen, we've got a paper now showing fatal macronitis.
And I wrote all the people I know.
I've been on these writing committees with them before.
I've worked with the president.
I've published more than any of those guys.
They know who I am.
I know them personally.
Broadly cc'd all of them.
And I said, listen, I urgently advise you to revise your guidance and include our paper and what have you.
Dead silence.
No response, not even an argument from that cockiest guy from Harvard, Steve, nothing, nothing.
And then Michael Gukin, another cardiologist wrote him an ECC, Calif, who's a personal friend of mine in charge of the FDA, everybody.
And then I even amplified it.
I said, listen, any society or cardiologist who's advocating for these vaccines, it's not going to end well for you.
It's not going to end well for you.

[SPEAKER_11]
Again, the longer they, they keep up with it, the more deeper, you know, it's like the first rule of holes, right?
Stop digging.
Yes.
Yeah.
When you find yourself in one, stop digging.

[SPEAKER_05]
But Steve, the dead silence, I've never broadly emailed a high level academic cardiology group without getting some chatter, some banter.
So somebody has a different view.
In this case, it's dead, complicit,
guiltful science.
Silence.
Yeah.
Yep.
Okay, what's next?

[SPEAKER_04]
From you Lee on web from Germany.
With all the evidence of how dangerous and ineffective this so called vaccine is, what can we do to see that it's pulled off the market?
The officials in Germany are recommending an annual shot.
Oh, man.

[SPEAKER_05]
I think the most effective strategy I can think of is every
person listening should make an appointment with their doctor and they should bring up the vaccine and they should tell the doctor they don't feel the vaccine is safe for them.
Period.
Every single patient morning, noon and night, the doctor should be flooded with a concern that they don't feel it safe.
And if the doctor feels it safe, they say, listen, doctor, you take some more shots, doctor, but they're not safe enough for me.
And I think if people got that message morning, noon and night,
Believe me, I think things will start to turn.
So many patients are quiet about this in the office.
They're quiet, they're afraid.
People need to express their concerns over safety.
Certainly writing their commissioners, emailing, constant.
But I think the regulatory agencies have been messaged enough.
What's gonna turn it is doctors and doctor societies saying, listen, we've had enough.
We pull them off the market.

[SPEAKER_04]
I like the idea of asking the doctor, when you're going to get your next one, maybe I'll come with you and we can do it together and see if they're actually going to get another jab.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, listen, if the doctors, another question you could ask your doctor, doctor, do you think these are safer?
Oh yeah, they're good.
They're good.
Well, doctor, have you had seven of them?

[SPEAKER_04]
Right.

[SPEAKER_05]
Oh no, I really, I stopped after three.
Why'd you stop?
So listen, I think the patients need to bring it now.
It's up to Steve and myself and so many people on the call.
We've been bringing it for three years, three and a half years now.
Now it's time for the public to bring it.

[SPEAKER_04]
True, true.
Okay, next one.
All right, from Marines USMC, regarding autopsies, what are the exclusion criteria for deaths after vaccination?
How did they rule out the COVID vaccine as the cause?

[SPEAKER_05]
Oh, that's a good question.
So about 25% when we looked at these cases, we were able to rule out the vaccine.
And a lot of these, when I looked at the cases and our other pathologists, there were people on hospice, they had cancers or other illnesses, they had feeding tubes in, they were pretty much at the end of their natural history of disease.
And we really couldn't see where the vaccine influenced that at all.
We just couldn't see it.
Now there were some drug overdoses.
Someone would just, you know, took a drug overdose of something else.
There were a few suicides.
Now it's possible that, you know, that there could be a psychotic break in the vaccine caused it.
We just, we just didn't, you know, have a strong, a strong link there.
Even, even motor vehicle accidents could be caused by the vaccines.
But, but what I'm saying is we had to have a high bar.
You know, it was myocarditis, a blood clot, Guillain-Barre syndrome.
intracranial hemorrhage, VITT, this was not a stretch to do this evaluation.
So 25%, it looked like it was from another cause.

[SPEAKER_04]
I remember seeing videos of people that were driving in their cars after getting the shot and having some sort of event and having to pull over and shaking, which would be directly, I think, caused from when they just got the shot.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, listen, in VAERS, what VAERS has in it, now remember VAERS is grossly underreported.
They have about 17,500 Americans who have died after the shot.
About 1,100 of them die in the vaccine center or within the few hours afterwards.
It's that close, right?
They die on the way home.
And on my podcast, I interviewed Harry Fisher, Harry Fisher, paramedic from Oklahoma.
And he let me talk to him.
And what he told me is he got called for so many cardiac arrests right in the vaccine center.
And he remembers shocking doing CPR.
And there's one point where he, you know, in the interview, he looks over his shoulder, he looks back and no one is dropping out of line.
This was early.

[SPEAKER_04]
They just stayed there as they're witnessing this.

[SPEAKER_05]
Fear driven.
It's like Lennings.
Yeah.
People were so fear driven.
that they were willing to be the next person to have a cardiac arrest right there.
And they were watching it happen.
I gotta tell you.

[SPEAKER_11]
What was the rate of cardiac arrest per dose?

[SPEAKER_05]
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, I don't know.
But, you know, he was just giving me the anecdotes.
No, no, he doesn't know.
But he was just, you know, he responded.
But the point is, Steve, about 1100 die on day zero.
They die on the day they get the shot.
Yeah, I've always thought that 1100 you could go through those vignettes.
And you find anaphylaxis, these reactogenic deaths, cardiac arrest.
I remember in the McLaughlin paper early on, April of 2022, Scott McLaughlin, 86% of the time when they reviewed the deaths, and there's only had 1200 at the time, when they reviewed the deaths, there was no other cause outside of the vaccine.
And there was a substantial proportion that died within six hours.
Most of them were seniors.
Don't forget, early on, they were vaccinating the nursing homes.
And so when the seniors died of the vaccine, it was quick.
It was within a matter of hours.

[SPEAKER_04]
Unbelievable.
Lisa asks, how might you establish that a cause, I'm sorry, that a death was caused by the mRNA shot when the death occurs four months or longer after vaccination?

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, remember temporal association is just one of the criteria.
So, you know, the farther it gets out, we have to consider other intervening factors.
But there are now circumstances, for instance, blood clots.
We know the risk of blood clotting is elevated at least two years later.
And we know the risk of myocarditis sudden death can happen two years later.
So right now I'd put it at about two years.
And if there's more data, I showed you the Fisher paper showing myocarditis before COVID.
It was a five year risk, 15 year risk horizon.
We could have an indefinite,
risk horizon here.
It's very possible, certainly for the cardiovascular.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, totally.

[SPEAKER_04]
I ran into a buddy of mine whose wife shortly after getting the J&J jab I just learned
she got Guillain-Barre.
And within two months, she was almost fully paralyzed, but they'd been treating her.
She's coming out of it.
But what struck me when I mentioned that I work with the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation, he's like, oh, I'm not anti-vax, but she might wanna talk to you.
But even with what his wife's been going through, he was afraid to even question that it was the vaccine
that caused this to his wife or possible cause.
There's a cognitive dissonance there.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, I think there's a guilt.
Honestly, you know, Steve took the shots.
He's on the, he's on the call.
Steve, you took the shots.
I know you did.
I didn't, but you took the shot.
The difference between Steve is Steve is, is, is willing to admit he made a mistake.
He's like, he took them.
But now he's looking back, he made some mistakes.
So we're going to have a lot of Americans who finally just get to this point and said, listen, I made the mistake.
Did you hear about presidential candidate Vivek Ramaswamy?
No, no, what?
Yeah, he said, listen, I took two shots.
It was a mistake.
I regret it.
And he's come out and said it.
Dan Bongino, Dan's a friend of mine.
Dan took, I think, three shots.
He's come out publicly, said he regret it.
Tucker Carlson's come out and said, listen, he didn't take the shots.
That's what Tucker told me when I was in the studio.
So I think everybody coming out just makes it more real about what happened.
This vignette about this lady I met today, this is amazing.
So she had Guillain-Barre in the past from some other cause, most common cause of the campylobacter infection.
Anyhow, she had Guillain-Barre in the past.
COVID comes in and she's told to take shots.
She takes two shots for work.
It doesn't work and she gets COVID, Steve.
She gets monoclonal antibodies.
She got PaxLavid, and then she's hospitalized for COVID.
Then guess what?
In the hospital, they give her another COVID shot, a vaccine.
And that's what tipped off her Guillain-Barre.
I told her she was lucky to be alive.
She got paralyzed all the way up to the neck.
You can't make this stuff up.
Since when do we vaccinate acutely sick people in the hospital?
We never do that.
We never do that.

[SPEAKER_11]
You can tell.
And she's got COVID.
Yeah.
And you're vaccinating for COVID?
I mean...

[SPEAKER_05]
Right, Steve.
Even the CDC says do not vaccinate people within 90 days of having COVID.
Even the CDC says it.
Even the CDC.
I mean, it's like, Steve, you can sell obvious.
People have lost their minds with right.

[SPEAKER_11]
It's like it's like this is equivalent to having a fire in your house and the fire, you know, the firemen come and say, hey, can we add a match to this?
You know, I mean, that's that's the equivalent.
I mean, that is nuts.
By the way, has Rogan been vaccinated?
Oh, Steve, Steve, I got to tell you this.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, Steve, I got to tell you this.
I was contacted by a lawyer.
This is a terrible case.
A woman, I think a nurse has to take a flu shot to keep her job at the hospital.
So she goes in to take the flu shot.
And by accident, they gave her the COVID shot and she dies.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
So this is something different now.
So remember, you know, the COVID vaccines are countermeasures.
They're protected under the prep act and there's some care act and, but this is different now.
This is giving, this is giving the wrong product.
So we're going to see what happens with this one.

[SPEAKER_04]
Next question from NJ.

[SPEAKER_11]
What's that?
Do you know if Rogan got vaccinated with the COVID vaccine?

[SPEAKER_05]
No, no, as far as I know, no.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, I doubt it.
Huh?
I doubt he did.

[SPEAKER_05]
He's friend with Aaron Rodgers.
Aaron was texting me when they got sick, they followed McCullough protocol.
Even Trump got one of the early versions of the McCullough protocol.

[SPEAKER_11]
You think Trump will get any more vaccines?

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, he hasn't come out and said it.
The one thing that Trump, to give him credit, the one thing he's always said very consistently is that he'd never mandate the vaccines.
And if you think about this, no matter what you think about the vaccines, if they weren't mandated,
I think we'd have, we'd all have a different emotional, right?
Don't you think so?
So, you know, no matter what your viewpoint, you know, people may think they're good or not good.
I think it was mandating it that really, that really put this over the edge.

[SPEAKER_04]
That's how I stood.
I didn't want it mandated on me, forced on me.
This next question is from NJJOE and Ninja Joe.
For Steve and or Dr. McCullough, what is the new variant of COVID-19 and how should we prepare for it?

[SPEAKER_11]
What's the new variant?
You mean like, what's the next one?
There's a lot of people getting COVID right now.

[SPEAKER_05]
It's not Arcturus.
There's a new one.
What is it called?
Is it Eris or something like this?
Someone will get it.
But listen, these are minor variants of Omicron.
And I don't know if you saw my substack out today about this.
There's a paper from Japan, very disturbing paper, an intensive computational analysis.
And it's not the first paper that's concluded this.
But these independent investigators from Japan concluded that Omicron was manufactured, that it wasn't natural.
It was so heavily mutated.
so different.
Remember this guy, Jordan Tristan Walker, the young doctor who got stung by Project Ferritas or Pfizer.
Steve, you can't make this up.
It's like we're in a movie right now.
This kid is stung.
He's on a romantic date.
Anyhow, he says that, yes, that Pfizer is contemplating doing research and then changing the virus, releasing it, and then making a vaccine to it.
And here we have now, there's actually two analyses, one I've summarized and it's both concluding that Omicron was manufactured.
So just play this out.
What if Pfizer did intentionally create Omicron?
It's less severe, certainly it doesn't cause hospitalization death nearly to the same extent, but it breaks through natural and vaccine immunity, and it guarantees more vaccine development.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yep.
I mean, somebody's going to somebody's going to figure this out, you know, who's an authority, but it's going to take a while.

[SPEAKER_05]
While we're on the topic of new variants, I just hit my podcast circuit on pulse with Malcolm, voice of the nation and myself.
It's called disease X. I hope everyone knows about this.
The UK government has a deep top secret lab that is working on disease X.
And what that means is they're working on vaccine platforms that could be applied to any disease that comes along, probably a virus, and they're probably using messenger RNA that's very adaptable.
Because once they know the code, they can provide an analysis of antigens that would be potentially ones that could be featured in a vaccine.
But the reason why I bring this up is
the World Economic Forum and the Gates Foundation.
They formed CEPI, the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness and Innovation.
CEPI has a business plan.
They say there will be pandemic one after another, and there'll be only one answer to these pandemics, and that is mass vaccination.
They are a vaccine incubator.
And Gates himself has revealed, you know, he invested a couple million in BioNTech.
He got out billions.
These big
non-government organizations are doing all kinds of insider investment and becoming incredibly wealthy and powerful.
Disease X could be yet another part of this.

[SPEAKER_04]
Here's a follow-up to that question.
Should we follow a protocol that includes ivermectin?
Does the wellness company or do you, Dr. McCullough, have an early treatment protocol that includes ivermectin?

[SPEAKER_05]
Right now, I'm not using ivermectin in acute treatment in my patients because it's so mild.
We're featuring virucidal nasal washes.
The iodine xylitol-based washes are terrific.
We're using all different combinations of those.
We've had nasal hygiene.
The gargles work great.
The first hour of illness is critical.
You can do it every four hours.
You know, nasal spray, sniff it back, spit it out, 30-second gargles.
And then over-the-counter nutraceuticals and supplements.
I think famotidine is working great as an oral antiviral with Omicron.
So I rarely have had to go to the next level to the oral antivirals.
And I'm fairly unbiased.
I do think ivermectin at 0.6 milligrams per kilogram is kind of the most rapid, most rapidly acting.
But I've used tons of hydroxychloroquine.
I've used PaxLavid.
I've used monoperivir.
I've used monoclonal antibodies.
Um, so I'm very diverse in my medicinal approach, but I just haven't seen a reason to, you know, to have to use it.
I haven't had anybody seriously ill now in two years.

[SPEAKER_11]
So when, when you say first hour, you're talking about the first hour after, uh, someone notices symptoms, right?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
First hour.
Soon as you start to get that little tickle in your throat, just feel a little bit viral.
You always must travel with an iodine spray.
It's very important.
Spray it up the nose, sniff it back, spit it out a few drops of iodine in it.
Gus and gargle numbers open Listerine work fine.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, I'm glad you said that.
Yeah, by the way, what I do is I bought these little little glass bottles on on Amazon.
These are like little one ounce spray bottles.
You fill it with distilled water.
You add a little bit of the 10 percent povidone iodine that you get the drugstore for 10 bucks.
and you have something that's going to last you for a lifetime.
Oh, sure.

[SPEAKER_05]
Now, one caveat, Steve, don't make it too strong.
If it stings, you've made it too strong.
It can be very dilute.
We've looked at all the data.
Now there's 17 trials now.
The evidence is wonderful.
And everything works, Steve.
Even dilute baby shampoo in kids work.
Even salt water works a little bit.
People go out in the ocean and just squirt some
They just, you know, get some water.
And that works.
So it basically just about anything works.
But the best is probably on iodine.
Steve, the community pharmacy next to my office now, this is their Cadillac solution.
This is great stuff.
And it's actually more affordable than a lot of you.
This is what's in.
It's got a xylitol base.
Xylitol is a great product used in dental care.
And what it does, xylitol is interesting.
It favors the good guy bacteria and disfavors the bad guys.
And that's its mechanism.
It also reduces some of the viral adherence.
So it's xylitol-based.
It's got povidone iodine in it, vitamin D, vitamin D, and it's got EDTA, something that causes it to stick.
So to cause it to stick, you can use EDTA, cardigenin, or grapefruit seed extracts.
So these nasal sprays have gotten very exotic.
They all work.
Even peroxide is a little bit toxic, but that works.
Colloidal silver,
works fine as well.
Everybody should have a nasal spray and gargle.
I am telling you, I even had seniors with their first episode of COVID now, no vaccine.
They've completely gotten through it with over-the-counter products really featuring the nasal sprays and gargles.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, so let me ask you about the grapefruit seed extract because I use that as well.
I got the powdered stuff and that doesn't seem to be quite right.
You want to get the liquid grapefruit seed extract?

[SPEAKER_05]
Come on, Steve, quit being such a cheap guy.
Get the real liquid stuff.

[SPEAKER_11]
No, I didn't know.
I didn't know which kind you're supposed to get.
So it's the liquid.

[SPEAKER_05]
Get the liquid and you know what?
You can put a couple of drops of palmitone iodine.
Now get that clear.
It's a big bottle.
It's a big blue bottle and it doesn't leak.
The best thing about the clear bottle, it doesn't leak.
You can put a couple of drops of povidone iodine and it's probably going to be the best spray you'll ever have.
It doesn't taste bad.
It's very... Yeah, yeah, yeah.

[SPEAKER_11]
So the simplest thing is you get the clear, which is a clear with an X.
You take the C out, you use an X.
you can get it on Amazon, it's a little bit pricey.
But you put a couple of drops in the povidone iodine and bam, you're set.
When you ever get infected, you just go with that.
Because that's got the grapefruit seed extract in it's got the I can't believe how cheap you are.

[SPEAKER_05]
I think
clear is eight dollars steve clear is eight dollars what do you mean it's price oh no what are you talking about steve it's 9.99 on amazon i'm looking at it right now come on listen you gotta spring for something in life steve come on i have i have a little spray and i woke up tuesday with a little tickle in my throat because i was busy all weekend and

[SPEAKER_04]
I hit that spray, I swear, within an hour or two, I was like completely, it was gone.

[SPEAKER_11]
Oh, it's a pack of four.
Yeah, it's nine dollars.

[SPEAKER_05]
Guys, before, I didn't know this.
Listen, I didn't know this the first time I had COVID.
I didn't know how good these sprays and gargles were.
I had about two or three days of intense nasal congestion, sore throat.
And then I was late getting into an FDA protocol.
This is very early on.
Then I get pulmonary involvement.
Believe me, I could have headed this thing off at the past.
The next time this came around, I was on the nasal sprays and gargles.
I got it down to less than a day.
And so this works for the common cold.
It works for the flu.
It's going to work for the next pandemic.
Nasal sprays and gargles, if that's anything people can remember, you can go to America Out Loud.
They've got a great explanation there.
Go to my website, PeterMcCulloughMD.com.
Maybe vaccine safety can have a nice piece on this or a link because everybody should be armed.
If everybody has a home treatment kit, we're not gonna panic like last time.

[SPEAKER_11]
Right, absolutely.
Here's a yeah, and then be instructed to do it by the CDC.
You know, that'd be awesome.
But yeah, we'll be waiting a long time before that.

[SPEAKER_05]
It was worse than that.
You know, when I first came out and endorsed the iodine sprays, when the chartering paper came out, medscape sent out an email to all the doctors, Steve, all the doctors, it says anti vax doctors pushing iodine, patients will swallow it and die.
Yeah,
Medscape said this and you know, Republican Congresswoman Nancy Mase came out in 2021 and she was irate.
She went on Epoch Times and she said, why is our government not telling us about nasal sprays and gargles?
And it's worse than that, Steve.
In our book Courage to Face COVID-19, we have a whole chapter.
The FDA and the Federal Trade Commission has sued every one of these companies and tried to block them for using their products in COVID.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah.
But you know, in my dreams at night, I dream that I'm a member of the Senate and I get to ask these people at the CDC questions and they have to answer me.
Here's a follow up.
What if this is what I dream about at night?

[SPEAKER_05]
This is how much law I think my wife is really waiting to go out to dinner.
So let me know.
We're coming up at eight o'clock central.

[SPEAKER_04]
Two more questions and then we'll let you go.
This is a follow up on the iodine.
What if we can't use povidone iodine because of thyroid issues?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, if that's the case, use xylitol based with, you know, with a little hydrogen peroxide or the colloidal silver would be perfectly fine.
You know, there's colloidal silver nasal sprays.
I've got a bottle at home.
If they live close by me, just have them text me.
I'll drop it by their house tonight.
I've got some colloidal silver, a big bottle.
I probably won't use it.
But there are colloidal silver nasal sprays.
And again, it works fine.
All the data here is all positive.
There's almost nothing that doesn't work.
Here's a colloidal silver spray on Amazon.
It's called Sovereign Silver Bioactive Silver Hydrosol for Immune Support, $12.99 on Amazon, Steve, $12.99.

[SPEAKER_04]
Even you can afford that, Steve.
Steve, you can afford it for that.

[SPEAKER_05]
Listen, I know your wife is raining you eat, Steve, but even you can afford colloidal silver at $12.99 a bottle.

[SPEAKER_04]
Okay.
All right.
Last question so that Dr. McCullough can go to dinner.
Thank you.
Kmel asks or Kme the third, are there any heart tests we could take to measure if we are damaged from just getting COVID?
I am unvaccinated, but worry about shedding.
Thanks.

[SPEAKER_05]
I think it should be symptom-driven.
I don't think everybody in the whole country needs to panic.
It ought to be symptom-driven.
If people, you know, have some symptoms, the blood test that I order, and it's a very low yield, troponin, BNP, galactin-3.
I measure the LabCorp extended range assay against the spike protein, which goes up to 25,000 units.
I'll measure the spike, the antibodies against the nucleocapsids.
Soon I'm going to measure the spike protein itself with the in vitro, in vitrogen assay, the blood ANA test for autoimmunity, the blood ANCA test for autoimmunity, and then the D-dimer test as a proxy for proclivity to blood clotting.
We even looked through the normal range.
That would be a blood test battery, EKG, echocardiogram, MRI, but I think it ought to be tiered.
that if we don't have anything in my history of physical and the blood, we don't need to keep going and going to the Nth degree.
I think it ought to be clinically driven.
Don't forget, 75% of Americans took this.
We can't get MRIs in everybody.

[SPEAKER_04]
Dr. McCullough, thank you for spending these couple hours with us.
It's been an honor and a privilege.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, terrific.
Let me just point you to my website, PeterMcCulloughMD.com.
I'll take you everywhere.
I started a foundation like Steve's, certainly not as prestigious, but McCullough Foundation.
It's a 501C3.
And my podcast, America Out Loud Talk Radio, McCullough Report, every Saturday and Sunday, 2 p.m. Eastern.
And then it's on the Apple iHeart network.
Courageous Discourse Substack.
All the graphical abstracts, interviews is on Courageous Discourse Substack.
And then our book, Courage to Face COVID-19, probably the best book in the COVID era, only because it's written by a best-selling author, and it's actually written as a story, a beginning, middle, and end.
Hopefully soon it will become a major motion picture.
And support the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation.
You actually make your support to the Kersh Foundation.
I did support the foundation, support its efforts.
Steve Kersh is a warrior.
Many think he has attention deficit disorder.
He doesn't sleep.

[SPEAKER_11]
What happened?
Livia.
Hello.

[SPEAKER_05]
Okay, very good.
I will call it a night.
Thank you so much, you guys.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thank you, Dr. McCullough.
Thank you so much.
Thank you.
All right, hang on.
I got to find the right screen here.
That was quite a conversation, Steve.
The presentation was phenomenal.
It was.
I enjoyed that.

[SPEAKER_11]
I guess I'm not going to be getting any more COVID shots.
And it's nice to know that I'm not a conspiracy theorist.

[SPEAKER_04]
You're a rational theorist.

[SPEAKER_11]
I actually thought I was before I got on here.
Um, I guess I have to rethink this now.
This is, this is really going to see the thing is that a conspiracy theorist is someone making fairly obvious observations that the government doesn't like.
So that's right.
That's how I always defined conspiracy theorists.

[SPEAKER_04]
And I like how they're always spreading conspiracies and never calling them as such.
Yes.
Uh, and, uh, the real conspiracies tend to come true.
Yep.
Well, I want to also you saw the donation to remind everyone if you love the work we're doing and the content we're bringing you, please donate.
And there's another way you can donate and that is to go to our, our store.
And I'm going to share that screen right now.
and you can buy some some cool stuff here.
Yeah, some cool stuff.
We got the misinformation.

[SPEAKER_11]
We're going to have to change the conspiracy.
I'm a conspiracy theorist now to what was it now?
What's the new?

[SPEAKER_04]
You're a rational theorist.

[SPEAKER_11]
I'm a rational theorist.
So we'll have to have these rational theorists.
Or maybe I'll say former conspiracy theorists now rational, now declared a rational theorist.
Wouldn't that be funny to have a shirt like that?

[SPEAKER_04]
A circle online through it and say what you are now.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, exactly.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, we've got some great gear.
This is another way you can help us and contribute to the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation.
And next week, we have another great guest.
We have Dr. Renata Moon.
Yeah, she's coming on next week.

[SPEAKER_11]
I was actually going to call her today.
That's funny.
What a coincidence.

[SPEAKER_04]
She was recently fired from Washington State University for giving testimony at Senator Ron Johnson's forum and has been an outspoken advocate against giving the mRNA COVID shot.

[SPEAKER_11]
So yeah, I fired for speaking the truth.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
So we'll get to find out that's our next week.
Stunning.
Yeah.
You can't speak out.

[SPEAKER_11]
And you can't make this stuff up with you.
You know, a movie about this state, people would have to say, Oh, that that that must be fictional.
This would never happen in real life.

[SPEAKER_04]
I wouldn't believe it myself.
No.

[SPEAKER_11]
Are you going to be able to join Twitter spaces for a little bit?
Yeah, just a little bit.

[SPEAKER_04]
So Steve will be there.
Obviously, Dr. McCullough can't make it.
He has to go to dinner.
And one last question for you, Steve.
Were you a Robbie Robertson fan?

[SPEAKER_11]
Robbie Robertson.
The band.
No, no, no, I wasn't.

[SPEAKER_04]
No, no.
Well, he passed away yesterday and I was a huge fan.
So I'm going to end tonight's show with a fairly recent music video that was made with artists all over the world and Robbie himself.
They covered the weight.
They did this during the lockdown.
So good use of time.
And, um, I look forward to seeing you again next week, Mr. Kirsch.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, likewise.
You know, some, somebody put in the Dr.
Moon showed the intentionally left blank on Pfizer Vax inserts.
The pharmacists get at the Ron Johnson hearing.
I remember that, uh, that, that part that was, that was pulled it out well replayed.
Uh, so, so it's going to be fun having her on the show next week.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, we'll share that clip next week before the show and show that.
Thank you everyone for joining us tonight and we'll see you next week.
Have a great rest of your evening.

[SPEAKER_14]
Rollin' to Nazareth, I was feelin' about half past eight Just need some place where I can lay my head Hey, mister, can you tell me where a man might find a bed?
He just grandly shook my hand, he knows all he said

[SPEAKER_03]
pick up my bag when looking for a place to hide.
When I saw a girl walking side by side, say, hey, come on, come on, let's go downtown.
She said, I gotta go, but my friend can stick around.
Go down, Miss Moses, there ain't nothing you can say.
Yes, old Luke, and Luke's waiting on Judgment Day.
Hey, Luke, my friend, what about young Annalise?
I said, do me a favor, son, won't you stay and keep Annalise company?

[SPEAKER_02]
Take a load off Anny, take a load for free.

[SPEAKER_15]
Crazy Chester followed me and he caught me in the fog He said I will fix your rat if you'll take Jack my dog I said wait a minute Chester, no I'm a peaceful man He said that's okay boy, won't you feed him when you can

[SPEAKER_02]
Take a load for free.
Take a load off, baby.

[UNKNOWN]
Hey.
Hey.
We can go right on, right on, right on.

[SPEAKER_13]
Catch a cannonball, now to take me down the line.

[SPEAKER_02]
My bag is sinking low and I do believe it's time To get back to Miss Fanny, you know she's the only one Who sent me here with her regards for everyone Take a load off Fanny, take a load off, take a load off for free
What key is it in, Robbie?
