[SPEAKER_02]
Hi, this is Phoebe Liu.
I'm a host for the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation's live college edition and welcome to our weekly show.
Tonight we'll be talking with Tice Pat, an Ohio University student who's currently fighting a lawsuit against COVID-19 mandates, and Mila Radetic, a Stanford and Yale Continuum medical education student who is severely injured by the COVID-19 vaccine.
We're calling for truth and transparency so that our fellow students and future generations can receive informed consent and freedom to have education without coercion or mandates.
So before we dive into tonight's topic of a thousand athletes collapsing, dying, cardiac issues, what's going on?
VSRF is a 501C3 organization with a mission to end COVID-19 mandates and advance COVID-19 vaccine safety through public education and advocacy of scientific research and to provide support to the vaccine injured.
We encourage open and transparent conversations, scientific and medical inquiry and questions.
So thank you for joining live on Rumble tonight.
If you would like to ask any questions, please put them in the comments as we provide our comment on recent news and scientific material.
Also, we do upload all of the cited materials for each episode to the description box.
This week, we came across an hour-long compilation video of news articles, which I condensed in a minute, and we would like to show you that video.

[UNKNOWN]
you

[SPEAKER_02]
Wow.
So that was an hour long video, which I had condensed into one minute.
I actually, while I was editing that video, I had to speed it up nearly 2000 times, 2000 times just to get in all of the news articles that were presented.
Obviously, if you're interested in the full video, it will be posted in the description.
And you can check it out and read each headline.
But recently this week, this artist Tyson James released a single called Bodies, which showcases some unusual events, both in sports as well as other different arenas.
So we could also play that video and give a shout out to Tyson James.
That would be great.

[SPEAKER_01]
I don't care, but I want you to know double vaxxed booster flu shot never got COVID clearly.
Jesus loves me the most.
Seriously.
So nice.
So nice.
Wow.
That was really interesting as well.

[SPEAKER_03]
And it's crazy that even artists are starting to like reach out and try to get these messages out here that like, hey, there's people that are literally dropping dead and it's very just out of the normal.
But it's also important to say, though, that like,
All of us on the VSRF, we're not against getting the vaccine.
It's more of educating people of the risk of potentially that could happen if you do get it.
And we covered that in episodes 10 and 11.
And we just wish that more colleges like provided this transparency, but not only colleges, but like the medical institutions where you got the vaccine, all of that, because this is making a permanent commitment to something.
Yeah, so I thought that was important to mention.
What do you guys think?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, I agree.
Particularly a lot of kids are going to colleges on sports scholarship.
So when I was faced with losing my scholarship, you know, it was very, very, it was a battlefield in my mind every single day, whether I should comply or whether I should stick with the facts that I had known and I had researched.
Fortunately, I have done a lot of research and been familiar with the scientific statistics and studies, also as well as anecdotal events that had happened to people.
So I was fairly confident in what I wanted to do.
However, the lack of transparency that colleges and other institutions, you know, withhold from people, from students, you know, it's not right to withhold this information.
But on the other hand, urge students to make, again, like you said, Mila, a personal, like a permanent commitment on their bodies.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
And you know, a lot of college kids, they're getting these vaccines, or at least talking about the athletes, simply because they're given no other choice if they want to continue their sport.
And it's like, am I going to give up the scholarship or get the vaccine?
And to them, getting the vaccine seems like such a minor thing to do that really wouldn't affect them.
That's simply because of the narrative that the media is putting out there that simply is not showing the
the entire picture when it comes to that kind of stuff.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, so that's kind of what we're going to spend a little time talking about today.
If we want to share my screen, put my screen up on the screen.
Vivio, could you put my screen share up?

[SPEAKER_01]
OK.

[SPEAKER_00]
So obviously, in recent news, I'm sure most people have heard now, Damar Hamlin, a player for the Bills recently, just a little over three weeks ago, his heart literally stopped on the field, as the ringer put it.
He was taken away by ambulance and later it was announced that he did suffer cardiac arrest while playing in the game.
It wasn't any hit that hasn't happened thousands of times before.
And so immediately it became huge news and things escalated.
People didn't know what was going on.
it was initially reported that CPR had been performed for multiple minutes.
And obviously, as we've kind of talked about over the past couple of weeks, the CDC has already admitted that the COVID mRNA vaccines, which the NFL mandated like many colleges continue to do, increased cases of myocarditis and periocarditis after vaccination.
So we're going to kind of go through and talk about
Why this is so important right now and why it's such big news and why there's so much controversy surrounding it.
So first, I want to take us back to 1971 and 1971 the Lions player, Chuck Hughes died.
of cardiac arrest a heart attack during a game.
This is the only time in NFL history to this day that somebody has actually passed away during the game.
Obviously, this is over 50 years ago now when this last happened.
Chuck Hughes has had a history of heart problems, and this wasn't his first heart attack.
A local news station
They ran a story recently, talking about Chuck Hughes, and they interviewed Ed Mooney.
Ed Mooney was another player for the NFL, and in his own words, he said, it was very uncommon, speaking of what had happened to Chuck Hughes.
And he said, in my seven years playing, I never saw anything like it.
It's a lot longer than seven years since something like this has happened.
The Chuck Hughes example has only happened once in NFL history.
Nobody else has ever died on the field during a game for any other reason.
And as it says here, in over 102 years of the NFL, Hughes is the only known player who has died after collapsing on the field.
The Baltimore Sun recently put up an article after the Demar Hamlin situation.
And they found that since 1995, only 18 high school or college players had died of heat-related causes.
So obviously, over 25 years, that's very few.
That's something that's very rare, right?
The last NFL player that died in a football-related incident was in 1979, and that was during training camp, not during an actual game.
So let me share my other screen quick.
Should have just done it this way.
So I wanted to bring attention to this tweet here by Kay and Koa.
You can find this on Twitter at Kay and Koa the Great.
I have this retweeted on my page right now if you want to find it that way.
Um, but the thread basically just goes over what's going on with all of these public collapsing and seemingly spike and cardiac arrest.
Um, so if you really want to learn more about all of what we're about to cover, this is a great place to start.
If you want to see a Twitter thread, see the summaries of everything scroll through here and, uh, check out some of these links and read more about it.
But if we go back here.
Next, we're going to have Phoebe talk about some other recent news.

[SPEAKER_02]
Right.
So previously, it was a rare occurrence to have a death or a severe injury on the field.
I should say a death, not necessarily a severe injury.
We see those all the time, but particularly for death.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, Phoebe's getting on.
What you pulled up, Tais, is really interesting, and also the video of them scrolling through all the athletes.
There's so many of them.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, I think.
Phoebe, do you want me to put my screen back up?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yes, that would be great.
Yes.
Yeah, so I'll tell you a little bit about Everest while you pull up the screen, Tice.
Within 24 hours of getting the vaccine, Everest began experiencing a quote, exorbitant amount of pain and swelling in his neck that originated on the same site that he got the vaccine.
Five days after being vaccinated, the 17 year old, he was hospitalized when doctors had found two blood clots in his brain.
And Sherry, his mom, is not anti-vaxx.
However, she does encourage others to weigh in the rewards against the potential risks when deciding whether or not to get the COVID vaccine.
And she said, quote, I think there are some people who would be tempted to think I'm a massive anti-vaxxer or to dismiss my message.
It really is just that we have to gather all the information.
You may not know enough right now.
We may not be distributing it safely right now, especially if they're distributing to children, meaning the vaccine.
And I completely agree with Everest's mom.
I, again, have been called anti-vaxxers and my message has been dismissed before.
But all that we're trying to do is to put out the side of the messaging that is so heavily covered on campus with all of the marketing messaging of the COVID vaccine and how safe and effective it is, which as if you go back to episode 10 and 11, there are some things on the other side of the argument.
Now, on the other side of the screen, Grayson Fomer was a 19 year old Ohio State University student.
He was an elite athlete and member of the reserve office training corps or the ROTC.
And after he got his second dose of the Pfizer COVID vaccine, he had severe heart complications.
His mom, Fulmer, said, my son feels like he's having a heart attack 24-7.
He now has high blood pressure, severe chest pains, back pain, elevated kidney levels, hypothyroidism, inflamed lymph nodes in different areas of his body, and he can't work or exercise.
And I think that's so, you know, horrifying.
but she continues on, I think what's frustrating to me right now is that nobody told me that if you have an enlarged heart or a heart inflammation, don't get the shot.
Not one person ever told us this.
I would have never thought in a million years my kid would get sick.
Now, Grayson previously had received, had gotten the COVID virus, which the following, the doctor
which a doctor has explained that it's a colossal error to vaccinate people who had prior infections.
And this is totally avoidable harm that we are causing.
The COVID-19 virus can trigger an immune response or inflammation to the heart.
So if you had a prior infection with COVID and you have antigens in the tissues where the virus goes, like the heart, you activate the immune response with a vaccine, you may cause damage.
You may activate damage.
And this is, again, one of those things that, you know, even I myself did not know until this coming week doing research about it.
But it just shows you how much is still unknown about the vaccine and in what stages it should be administered and what parameters.
Likewise, for the next slide, Dr. Flavio Caraggiani gives a hypothesis on why athletes are having these sort of reactions, and he says that the concentration of spike protein is responsible for elevated levels of catecholamines that influence cardiac arrhythmias toward high blood pressure and myocarditis.
In young male athletes, androgen levels can kick up the catecholamines and lead to a chain of events, which then leads towards myocarditis.
And I'll give it back to you, Tice, to continue on.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.
So they want you to think these things are rare.
And the truth is, they're not rare at all.
Or they want you to think that this has always happened.
They want you to think that the possibility that the vaccine's causing it is what's rare.
But as we've seen throughout history, players collapsing on the field is not something that is common.
We'll get a little more into later how they have twisted that and tried to lie and make this almost normalized, people suddenly collapsing and dying.
But before we do that, we want to say that it's not only the vaccines themselves that we're hurting players and athletes.
Aaron Rodgers is a great example of how not taking the vaccine can bring athletes harm too from the media and critics.
Aaron Rodgers spoke out and after he caught COVID, he explained that he was unvaccinated because he's allergic to certain ingredients in the vaccine.
And the FDA, CDC, everybody says,
that you should not take the vaccine if you're allergic to it.
So he was following FDA and CDC guidelines.
And when he did catch COVID, he took ivermectin and recovered very quickly.
And so instead of being happy that Aaron Rogers was able to recover from the virus,
Many people who have spent have really thrown their weight behind the COVID vaccines.
They really believe that these COVID vaccines were going to end the pandemic and save the world.
Instead of being happy for Rogers, they said things like they wish that he would die and that the world would be a better place without him.
I just grabbed a few tweets here to show some of the things they said, but I encourage you guys to
If you want, go look up Eric Rogers name and COVID.
And some of the things that people say is completely outrageous because you can go to these people's profiles and then their next tweet will be, Oh, I'm such a good person.
I took my COVID vaccine because I'm going to save the world.
And I want to, I don't want anybody to die, but their next tweet will be wishing death on the unvaccinated.
And so they, as I said, they want us to think that this isn't new.
This has just always happened.
And the only reason it's getting any attention is because the anti-vaxxers are trying to use it to tell people not to take a vaccine.
On top here, we have the Google search trends for heart attacks over the past five years.
And at the bottom is just the last 12 months.
And it's pretty clear that since the vaccines have been
rolled out, the heart attacks have been, people have been looking up just the term, simple term heart attacks a lot more.
Um, other keywords are trending up and are listed as breakout search terms on Google too, such as, um, suddenly died and sudden collapse, a sudden cardiac arrest.
So how are they trying to say that, how are they trying to normalize this?
Let's take a look at that.
Um,
The American Heart Association just over a year ago, they put out this article headlined and just like that everyone wondered is exercise safe?
Obviously, the article was kind of talking about the recent rise of people collapsing and cardiac death being higher, having excess deaths.
And it really just goes to show the hypocrisy of, in this example, the American Heart Association is essentially trying to place blame on the exercise itself.
There's never been a time in human history where humans haven't exercised.
So to say that exercise is maybe unsafe seems a bit outlandish to go a little further.

[SPEAKER_03]
It seems like they're trying to jump to every single conclusion except for the vaccine.
I think it could be possibly anything else in the world besides that.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.
And so here's a great example of that here, Mila, where these are both.
So this past summer, the media was talking about how extreme heat is what's leading to heart attacks.
You can find endless examples of this.
I just pulled it from one source here.
But this was over the summer.
And so it's hot outside.
They're telling everybody, well, the heart attacks, it's just the heat.
And there's obviously an endless amount of things that they blamed for increasing heart attacks recently.
It's laughable.
And now, just today, this article was posted in the Express, chance of heart attack much more likely in cold weather.
How to protect yourself.
So if hot weather makes heart attacks more likely and cold weather makes heart attacks more likely, why are heart attacks increasing?
Wouldn't it just be the same around the year?
Um, this is just a perfect example of their hypocrisy and how they, like Mila said, they want to blame anything but the giant pink elephant in the room.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, exactly.
Where exactly should I move so that I'm neither hot nor cold?
Please tell me where.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, it could be at the perfect temperature.
How are people drawing these conclusions?
Like extreme heat, extreme cold, like of course
Sure, those things can cause heart attacks and other cardiac issues, but not at the levels that we're seeing now.
And if you look at people's lives, what is the one variable that has changed in the majority of the population in the US that has side effects is inside our bodies that can cause, can very directly be correlated with some of these things?

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, and I think it's just real interesting that, you know, they'll they'll blame anything the weather so if it's the weather.
Is this the first year that we ever had cold weather.
I don't, I, I've only been alive 22 years but I think I can remember it.
being winter last year and the year before that and every year and this summer it gets hotter.
So for them to kind of like pin it on something like this is, well, this is if you're wondering why everybody's having heart attacks, it's just because of the weather.
It's honestly, it was sad, but it's almost laughable that this is their claim now.
So if we can't trust the media, maybe we can trust the fact checkers, right?
Factcheck.org says there's no surge in athlete deaths.
So, the video we watched earlier and the literal thousands of people collapsing, where it's just not happening your eyes are lying to you.
And this is what factcheck.org wants you to believe.
The truth is there is a measurable amount there is an increase in this, and you don't have to look very far into the data, anybody, any, any regular sports fan has noticed that these sudden injuries whether it's in basketball football, all sorts of things, soccer is that's happened a lot.
This isn't something that was normal, you know, like when's the last time you remember this happening we already went through and looked that it's been over 50 years since somebody had actually died of cardiac arrest on the field.
And just recently.
There's been it's it happened again.
What are the chances of it happening now.
And so if we compare that to routers, routers just says there's no evidence linking the vaccines to the athletes that are collapsing or dying.
It's just whatever else, maybe the weather.
But I think it's just interesting to compare and see the hypocrisy.
And at the end of the day, no matter what, if you don't like the vaccine, you're wrong.
That's where we're at.
So, let's look at the facts, maybe do the fact checkers job for them a little bit.
This is from the FDA's fact sheet for healthcare providers that administer the COVID-19 vaccine.
This one's for the Pfizer one specifically.
The Moderna one's very similar to this.
Anyways, this fact sheet should be
Uh, given to any patient or anybody that's going to receive the cobit vaccine.
Um, I'd be willing to guess most people you talk to and most people that did end up getting the vaccine listening to this had never seen this fact sheet.
And when the vaccines are 1st mandated, the FDA didn't want to mention this little part here that's since been added.
Um, but the FDA admits that the following adverse reactions had been identified.
from the Pfizer Biotech COVID-19 vaccine, which is of course the most commonly, the most common one in America right now.
The very first one it lists is cardiac disorders, myocarditis, pericarditis.
So we know that the FDA knows, the FDA has confirmed that following vaccine administration, myocarditis and pericarditis among many other things have happened.
And so what is myocarditis?
Because we talk about it a lot.
Myocarditis, I believe you guys can maybe correct me if I'm wrong here.
Myocarditis is inflammation on the outside of the heart and pericarditis is inflammation on the inside of the heart.
And so it's important to note that the reason this is more common in athletes is because when you have your blood pressure up, you know, you're doing physical activity.
If you do have some type of heart problem.
And this has always been true.
If you have any kind of risk of heart disease, heart problems, you need to be careful when you're doing.
a lot of physical activity, that's something that's always been true.
And I believe that's why maybe we're seeing athletes get hit the hardest by, for example, myocarditis, because it's the most visible in them when they're pushing their bodies and because of the damage the vaccine may have caused, they are literally collapsing.
So the Mayo Clinic here lists some complications of myocarditis.
So these are essentially symptoms that myocarditis could cause.
Two of the big ones we see here are heart attack or stroke or sudden cardiac death.
Well, that's strange because that's exactly what we, we have data and just empirical evidence.
Like we see in our day to day lives, you look at the news.
There's all these people dying of heart attack or strokes and sudden death.
Isn't that strange?
And so basically what we have here is the FDA, the CDC, um, big pharma themselves are forced to list this.
The COVID vaccine can cause myocarditis.
Um, if people want to debate how big of a risk that is, how rare it is, that's a debate that can still be had, but it is a known fact that the COVID-19 vaccines cause myocarditis.
And if we know that myocarditis can cause sudden cardiac arrest, how can any healthcare professional claim that sudden cardiac arrest cannot be the result of a COVID vaccination?
I think this is most clear in just what happened a few weeks ago with Damar Hamlin and the Bills.
As soon as it happened, as soon as it was obvious that a athlete had gone into cardiac arrest on the field, just playing,
You know, it wasn't triggered by anything spectacular.
It was a regular play.
As soon as that happened, defenders of these new experimental vaccines went straight to Twitter to say that it's not possible.
Call it a conspiracy, blah, blah, blah.
And of course, other people said, brought attention to it like this is odd.
Maybe there's something more to this.
Maybe the vaccine caused it.
And at the end of the day, nobody knows for sure.
What is dangerous, no matter what, what is undeniably dangerous is to know that the COVID vaccine can cause myocarditis and know that myocarditis can cause cardiac arrest, but say that there's no way the COVID vaccine can lead to cardiac arrest.
I think anybody saying that, these healthcare professionals that are saying that, it's very obvious at this point, they're being disingenuine, lying.
It's hard to believe that they could be so misinformed
And so hopefully athletes are taken seriously and more people are listened to in the near future.
We're going to go through some data now.
I'm going to pass the screen share off to Phoebe and we're really going to get into showing everybody that.
This is a serious problem and just ignoring it, calling it a conspiracy completely, you know, giving it no time of day is dangerous.
And obviously we're not gonna stop having people collapse if we just ignore this.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, absolutely.
So myocarditis is dangerous.
It's very, very dangerous.
But what's also dangerous is the fact that these voices, these questions are not able to be asked on an open platform, that they are hidden, they are silenced.
And the fact that, you know, information such as, you know, scientific data, scientific statistics, as well as some of the facts such as you mentioned that the FDA has released safety data on myocarditis being one of the
adverse reactions to the vaccine.
That has not made it into the mainstream media and therefore the message of it is very small.
But what the mainstream media does say, obviously all of this is totally fake.
There's no correlation to the vaccine whatsoever, right?
That's what they say, but let me share my screen, and we'll go through some studies, statistics, and look at long-term data as well as short-term data.
If I can just share my screen.
One second.
All right.
Is it sharing?

[SPEAKER_04]
No.

[SPEAKER_02]
Apologies, we have some technical issues tonight.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, maybe if it's not sharing, you could just read it off.
You could just.

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay.
I believe it's working now.
There we go.

[SPEAKER_04]
We got it.

[SPEAKER_02]
There we go.
There we go.
Just a little bit of checking around.
But yeah, so on the left here, we have a scientific study from the Division of Pediatric Cardiology that was published in 2016.
And it looked at between the years of 1966 and 2004, there were 1,101 sudden deaths among athletes under the age of 35.
Now that's a huge number, but keep in mind that that's over 40 years.
Now let's go over to the right and let's shorten that time frame into the mere past few years.
And what we find is that comparing averages, comparing averages between 1966 and 2004, the monthly average number of deaths equates to 2.5.
But between January 2021 and April 2022, the monthly average equates to 42.
So mathematically, that is an increase of 1,696%.
Nearly 1,700 increase.
All right?
So that is the average.
And let's look at the numbers instead.
The yearly average rate before was 28 over 40 years, but in January 2021, we saw three times as many athlete deaths than this in the previous annual average as did in March 2022.
So this is highly indicative of a problem.
The 2021 total, so over here 394 in this orange red color, is 394 deaths, which is 14 times higher than the 1966 to 2004 average.
The January to April 2022 total, a period of four months, this is four months, equates to 270.
279 deaths and this is 9.96, so almost 10 times higher than the annual average between.
1996 to 2004.
However, if you divide the 66 to 0.4 annual average by 3 to make the equivalent of 4 months worth of deaths so far in 2022, we get 9.3 deaths.
So in effect, 2022 has so far seen deaths 10 times higher than expected rates.
Now, obviously, this is a study in 2022.
We are now one year ahead in time.
We have not come across statistics showing the adverse events and deaths accord in this past year.
But just taking from last year's statistics, it is highly indicative of an issue here.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, so I think these past two studies that we discussed or these past two slides we discussed
They really show that this isn't we are far above the realm of normal here.
Something something changed, some variable changed, and it has caused more people to die literally while they're playing sports.
And so I think it's still important to like notice here that sports are commonly covered by the media.
They're
huge, you know, like so many people are involved in sports from playing in them to working in them to watching them.
This is why I think we're hearing so much that relates to the athletes.
I think they probably are getting hit harder by vaccine effects for some of the reasons we talked about earlier.
But it's also important to note that this is essentially just one industry, we'll call it.
Across the board, things like this, depending on what people are doing, other side effects, there's a wide range of side effects.
They're going to be at more risk of a lot of those side effects, depending on what they're doing.
And that's what we're seeing here with the myocarditis and heart problems, specifically in athletes.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, and also we're just one of the reasons we're presenting these studies and these these statistics to you all is because we just want people to start thinking about these things.
Like, don't take our work word for it.
Actually do your own research, like draw your own conclusions.
But don't just blindly believe what you hear on the media or your favorite celebrities say or anything like that.
Like, we just want you guys to think.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
In fact, last week, one of our intro videos that we had played was of the swine flu, talking about the swine flu and how back in the day, 1976, the CDC and the pharmaceuticals had actually used celebrity names to promote the swine flu vaccine when the celebrity themselves were against it.

[SPEAKER_04]
I recently saw some ads, celebrities promoting it.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, everybody from Michael Phelps to all sorts of people and, you know.
That's like the Michael Phelps one.
That's a once again, like another super athlete, like we're talking here.
That's that's somebody that should not, you know, they should not be worried about COVID almost at all.
These people are getting the best health care in the world.
They have the most money for the best health care.
But what's scary to me is that the Michael Phelps one specifically, I don't know if you guys saw it, but in the caption he wrote, because I suffer from depression or anxiety,
that I was more at risk of COVID.
So the COVID, I'm glad that I could get the COVID vaccine.
And so he's worried about an increased risk of catching COVID because I guess he has anxiety.
But what about the increased risk of
cardiac arrest because you got the vaccine and then you're a Olympic level swimmer.
I'm sure Michael Phelps still swims, you know, and maybe he doesn't even realize that he's putting not only himself, but he's one of the biggest role models for swimmers in the world.
And so they see that and they take the vaccine and then they go to swim practice and they go to their swim meets and it sears, it puts them at risk.
And I think
The data shows that it puts them at a bigger risk than of COVID for someone their age and if they're healthy, fit and swimming all the time, they likely don't have much to worry about when it comes to the COVID virus itself.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yes, on Michael Phelps, I actually was a swimmer back in high school, non-competitive.
But likewise, I would look up to the top people in my sport and see how they train, what they did, what techniques were they using, and likely also consider their health advice.
What are they doing to take care of their bodies?
If Michael Phelps is taking care of his body with a COVID vaccine, then that would be a consideration that I might have.
Well, obviously that is his opinion and it is interesting how he is trying to mitigate a psychological issue with a physical one.
He's weighing between, you know, do I rather, you know, battle with a psychological issue or do I battle with a potential health issue, the COVID virus itself?
So yeah, that is really interesting and definitely celebrities influence how people think.
But next up on.
The graph we have again, let's go back to a study that had looked at studying on those and competitive athletes.
I want to highlight that particularly the study had found that out of a hundred, a hundred and almost 50 deaths, 100,000 and 50 of us test 690 were reliably attributed to 44.
previously documented cardiovascular diseases.
So this again was through 1980 to 2006.
So this was a previous study and many of them were found to have cardiovascular diseases before.
But specifically, if you look here, 2005 and 2006, there were 66 deaths total.
Okay, so that was back then.
And then now, so this was the 40-year study and this was the 16-month statistic compilation.
We have 1,101 deaths occurred over 39 years, whereas 673 recent deaths have occurred over 16 months.
And you just have to ask, why is this?
Research has come out.
This is scientific research showing that out of 566 patients who got either Pfizer or Moderna vaccines, they had shown signs of cardiovascular damage, which soared following the second shot.
Over here on the right, you can see the rate of collapses and deaths in athletes.
So collapses are in blue.
and thus are in red.
So next up, Mila will give us a little preview on myocarditis and how this is affecting athletes.

[SPEAKER_04]
Okay, so we have a couple different studies that we were looking through and it was really difficult to find these studies and find information that basically said that, oh, it can cause cardiac issues.
And we were looking at some of the, what's it called?
Like the World Health Organization, like their previous statistics when it comes to
um cardiac arrest and myocarditis and pericarditis and all of that and the um the rates are now like over 100 times like above the normal baseline like the um
oh my god i can't pronounce this take your card cardida rates there are now 7973 more times above the baseline and acute my myocardial infraction is now 412 times above the baseline and these numbers just keep on going these like in the
It's just absolutely insane.
And also hunting for these numbers is difficult beyond belief.
Like the fact that the media or whoever's running like these huge tech companies, they don't want us to see the other side or even like these statistics.
It's so hard to just find statistics that should be easily pulled up.

[SPEAKER_00]
On that note, Mila, like one thing I always notice when I'm trying to find academic journals and studies.
If I use Google, I'll get, I'll get better results for my keywords.
there's a bunch of studies that just never seem to pop up on Google.
Whereas if I just go over to like a regular search engine, so at Google Scholar, for example, it would exclude a lot of these studies that we've shown here today.
But if I just went over to DuckDuckGo and maybe Googled the same search terms, it would show me the ones that would be considered by the mainstream to be fringe science, despite them being peer reviewed and scientifically sound.
And I think one thing we see all the time is one of these studies will come out and it'll have irrefutable evidence, essentially.
And immediately all the other journals are flooded with these quick, small group studies that they just have flaw after flaw.
And there's plenty of great people on Twitter that they go through and they show why these studies that the
media and the mainstream people, they're using these studies to justify their claims while saying the studies we're using are invalid or not sound.
And it's almost embarrassing how spad some of these studies that claim myocarditis isn't a big deal.
That was never a thing people said before, you know, inflammation of the heart was never not a big deal.
And now that's kind of like the line they're towing is
Well, maybe you'll get it, but you'll probably be fine.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_00]
Also, like, what makes one about COVID, right?
Maybe you'll get it, but probably you'll be fine.

[SPEAKER_04]
You know, also there are like these little like fact checks that I don't even know programs that pop up.
Who's running those, first of all?
Secondly, if you look at the studies that they're using on the pro-vaccine side to support their arguments, they have such small sample groups.
That doesn't go for all of them.
But if you really dive down into these studies that are conducted,
there's definitely some information there that if you like, all I've taken is a basic statistics class and I like I noticed I'm like, oh, that's a flaw.
Hey, that doesn't make sense.
That doesn't line up.
So it's, it's just something to consider when you're looking for the these kinds of things.

[SPEAKER_02]
So on searching for websites, I mean, sorry, not websites, but, you know, sources and websites that might give you another side of the story.
Tycee mentioned doc.go.
I would also like to throw in their Brave.
It is a browser that you can download onto your computer if you'd like, or you can use their online search engine.
And just like with these more free range search engines, the first few sites might pop up with fact checkers, but it's much more easier to find articles that give you an actual discussion, an actual viewpoint that you might not have considered before.
So, you know, don't always use Google.
It's great, it's convenient, but sometimes convenience isn't the best thing.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
Here's another thing, too.
What makes one scientist, like, their opinion and their study, like, less valid than another person's?
Because if you look at the studies that we're pulling up on this show, they have Oxford scientists.
They have, like, all these, like, big name, huge universities that are Ivy League or well-known for that kind of stuff.
But these ones are considered, like, what's the word, scientifically inaccurate.
But others that are constructed the same way from like the same like school, they're considered correct.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.
Well, like it used to be if there was two sides of a scientific argument, whichever, let's just say two studies that disagree with each other came to different conclusions.
It used to be that the
rigor, the rigorous, the rigorousness of their methods and their data, you know, like who has the better data, who set up and perform the better studies.
Um, that, that would solely decide, you know, which one was more scientifically sound.
Now, I would say what it is, is first they look at what your conclusion is.
And if your conclusion isn't what they already personally think,
they discredit it.
They brush it off like, oh, this person, they don't agree with me, so they must be wrong because I know I'm right, based on, for whatever reason, they know they're right.

[SPEAKER_04]
That's a really good point.
Also, they eliminate the debate.
These things we have to have conversations about.
If there are two sides to a scientific argument, you want to hear both sides, or at least you should.
Because we're all trying to just reach the conclusion of what is really the truth.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
It's not a fact until the hypothesis has been proven through testing that it's true.
Scientific hypothesis, very basic elementary grade school stuff.
Everybody should have learned.

[SPEAKER_00]
Well, if CNN says it's true, then you don't have to do any studies.
You can just believe them.
They're always right.

[SPEAKER_02]
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
So right.
Of course, and yeah, okay, so let's, for example, say, you know, hypothetically, all of these are fringe studies, right?
But let's just take a look at the timeline now.
Okay, so this is the timeline.
And what's particularly striking on the left side of chart is the left chart.
The pre-COVID excess deaths were pretty baseline here.
But what is striking here is that in fall 2021, the excess deaths had actually coincided with corporate mandates.
And it simply wasn't statistically possible that
Things like they like to claim are causes of these excess deaths, such as suicides, overdoses, and deaths from delayed treatment of rapid onset fatal cancers.
They all spiked in this very same period.
The only thing that had changed was max fascination.
And this was forced upon the millennial generation with the government and corporate mandates.
And likewise, if you look here to the graph on the right,
You can see that the age group that had the greatest increase of 47% in 4,200 and 700 excess deaths is in the age group of 25 to 44 years old.
So this would be hard to explain the mix of shift in year two of the pandemic due to COVID because mutating streams were also very commonly known and claimed by CNN and our mainstream media to be less virulent.
And we knew that the virus affected mostly older people with pre-existing fatal comorbidities.
So this is simply a statistic showing excess death over time and also so happened to be that the vaccine and mandates were released currently.
This is a great book.
We took this source from Calls Unknown written by Ed Dowd.
He is a BlackRock investor.
He was one formally.
But I do highly recommend looking into this book if you are interested in learning about the enormous amount of dust that we have been seeing over the years.
Now, finally, we have one more thing.
This is just a simple comparison between one tennis star who wanted to exercise his right of personal choice and medical choice.
And he chose not to take the vaccine because he had natural immunity after completely recovering from SARS-CoV-2 infection, which in turn, remember our conversation from the beginning of the hour, increases risk of adverse events from the shot.
But of course, you know, Biden administration insists that non-citizens and non-immigrants to get the shot to enter the country.
And the article says that he belongs to a unique population of individuals whose bodies are highly tuned machines and capable of performing at high levels that most of us only dream about and who are now dying at unprecedented rates since 2021.
and with the increase measured at nearly 1,700% higher than athletes from 1966-2004.
Okay, so on the left here is a tennis star who did take the vaccine.
And this is what he said, the COVID-19 vaccine has not been tested enough because it is new and has some side effects.
I know some people who have had them.
I'm not against it.
I just see no reason for someone in my age group to be vaccinated.
This tennis player had said back in August 2001 So he said for us young people.
I think it's good to pass the virus meaning, you know catch the virus Because we'll build immunity and I don't see it as something bad as they said it is obligatory Everyone has freedom to decide for themselves.
What's right and what's not
And I think that's a really good ending point because that's the point that we want to emphasize throughout our shows here is that, you know, everyone has freedom to choose what they put in their body.
Everyone has freedom to decide what sort of medical treatment that they want to get, what sort of diagnostic procedures that they want to get.
People have intrinsic freedoms for themselves.
But again, you know, when government, when our education systems, when our healthcare systems take away very valuable information, that in turn does not allow us to make a confident decision.
Whether we recognize it as confident or not, you know, it's a lack of information that could be very valuable.
But at the end of the day, whether you get the vaccine or not, there is plenty of information out there.
So please, please do your research and look it up for your own good.
With that, that's the end of this show.
But this week, we are actually switching over to Twitter Spaces instead of Clubhouse for our after show discussion.
So, if you want to participate in the casual open floor discussion, or just simply listen in, you can head over to Twitter space that is hosted by no college mandates.
Olivia, could you please share the QR code for that?
That would be great.
Once you have joined the room, you'll get the opportunity to raise your hand and a mic to chat with us.
We're also looking for college athletes, parents of athletes, coaches, and other related people to come and join us for a round table discussion in the near future.
So thank you everyone for watching VSRF Live College Edition tonight and hope to chat on Twitter's faces.
Good night everyone.
