[SPEAKER_26]
Hi, I'm Ophelia Jacobson with Campus Reform.
Today I'm at the University of Florida talking with students about bodily autonomy.
Pro-choice students often echo the common refrain, my body, my choice.
But do students apply that same logic when it comes to the hot button issue of vaccine mandates?
Will students recognize the double standard with their line of thinking?
Let's find out.
Before we get started talking about vaccine mandates, I just want to get your general opinion.
Are you pro-life or pro-choice?

[SPEAKER_25]
I'm pro-choice.
I think women have the right to decide what they want to do with their bodies and also you never know the situation.

[SPEAKER_24]
Pro-choice.
I don't think that I have a right to force my decision on someone else's body.
I'm pro-choice.

[SPEAKER_19]
You never know the circumstances that people are going through.

[SPEAKER_18]
I'm pro-choice.
The truth is that no one is in your body but you and it's your life that you have to live.

[SPEAKER_31]
I am pro-life.
It's just like I was always born and raised that way.
I'm Catholic so that's the main reason.

[SPEAKER_21]
I'm pro choice.
I'm pro choice because you can't tell me what to do.

[SPEAKER_22]
I'm pro-choice.

[SPEAKER_26]
I'm pro-choice.
Pro-life.
I don't know, that's just kind of what I grew up believing.
So you don't think the government should tell you what you can do with your body?

[SPEAKER_24]
Yeah, yeah.

[SPEAKER_26]
So you wouldn't want the government telling you what to do with your body?
No.
Correct.
Would you agree with the idea of my body, my choice?

[SPEAKER_19]
Of course, yeah.
Once you get a certain age, you kind of know what is good for your body, what's not good for your body, and you can make decisions based on that.

[SPEAKER_26]
So then when we're talking about vaccine mandates, government vaccine mandates, are you for or against them?

[SPEAKER_18]
I'm for it.
I'm vaccinated.
I would say that I guess I am more for a mandate if it is in support of the general health of the population.

[SPEAKER_24]
I am for them, yeah.
I would be okay with the vaccine mandate.
I agree with government mandates.

[SPEAKER_26]
I am four, but I see where you're going with this.

[SPEAKER_21]
I see where you're going with this.
I have to say against because, like I said, you can't tell me what to do.
You can't be pro-choice and not approve of people's choices.

[SPEAKER_26]
You know what I mean?
It's a choice, so.
So then what happened to the my body, my choice argument in that circumstance?

[SPEAKER_19]
I feel like that's regarding, well, I guess
Hmm, you kind of caught me.
That was really good.

[SPEAKER_26]
So then what happened to the My Body My Choice argument in that situation?

[SPEAKER_24]
I mean, I guess, yeah, it does sound contradicting and I wouldn't disagree with someone who, you know, brought that to my attention.

[SPEAKER_26]
Isn't the government telling you what you are doing with your body by instating a vaccine mandate?
Would you agree with that?
Yes.

[SPEAKER_25]
Yes, I think so.
But sometimes, like, the baby hasn't even been fully developed yet.
The woman is fully developed.
You know, she should have the choice.

[SPEAKER_26]
So then fully developed humans should also have the choice to get a vaccine?
Yes.
Isn't the government telling you what to put in your body, at least?
Yes, but I disagree with your opinion.
You're comfortable with the government telling you to put a vaccine in your body?

[SPEAKER_22]
Um, I'm not comfortable with the government telling me what I can do with my body.
I don't really know how I feel exactly about with COVID vaccine mandates because I do think it is your body and like you can choose what you put in it but if you're like...
So I don't think the government can say like, oh you have to get a COVID vaccine.

[SPEAKER_26]
At the beginning you said you were for vaccine mandates so now it seems like you're kind of against them.

[SPEAKER_18]
I do understand that a mandate is kind of contradictory to my body, my choice.
If I'm here saying my body, my choice for abortion,
It also, that also would go with a vaccine mandate.

[SPEAKER_26]
If I say that I'm pro-choice and you know, your body, your choice, it also applies to the mandates to get vaccinated.
I've been talking with a lot of students here today who are pro-choice like you, but who are actually for the vaccine mandate, trying to get them to see that double standard or that hypocrisy of their line of thinking.
What would you say to those people who kind of don't see the correlation between the two?

[SPEAKER_21]
like you only support the side that you want to be on but like like you said stop being hypocritical.

[SPEAKER_19]
I mean we're all adults here pretty much we can make the decision what we want to whether or not if we want to get vaccinated if we want to get the abortion it is your body or choice.
This is a really good interview and you did catch me there so I give you that one.

[SPEAKER_03]
Tonight on VSRF Live, Steve Kirsch talks with integrative medicine physician Dr. Michael Turner and his attorney Pete Serrano, who is suing the Washington Medical Commission for interfering with doctors' freedom to practice medicine.

[SPEAKER_06]
I have a commitment to patient wellbeing and I continue to read and learn and grow.
I started to see basically there's been a dark underbelly to these things.
And the more time goes on, the more information that's come out that's concerning, you know, first of all, that the spike protein is highly toxic and these things introduce high levels of spike protein in your body.
Let's just start there and you can move on.
And so over time, then I found myself wrestling with the decision.
And ultimately then in the final analysis have come on the other side of the issue to say that under most all circumstances, I don't think the vaccines are in anyone's

[SPEAKER_03]
And now, here's your host, Lisa Leahy.

[SPEAKER_05]
Hi, welcome.
I'm Lisa Leahy.
Welcome to VSRF Live.
We have a great show for you tonight.
We have several special guests in the house.
First, we'll have a chance to talk with Taryn Gregson.
She's the host of the popular podcast, Faith Freedom with Taryn Gregson.
And she's here to tell us also about the important new documentary Shot Dead, which she produced and directed with the group We the Patriots USA.
Then we'll be joined by our second two guests, attorney Pete Serrano with the Silent Majority Foundation.
and integrative medicine specialist, Dr. Michael Turner.
These two have teamed up to challenge Washington state in a COVID related lawsuit, and we'll share more about this important case.
So just a few reminders before we bring on the guests.
First, remember that Nurse Angela on our VSRF team continues to do the critical work of supporting and guiding the vaccine injured and their families.
And so if you have any questions for her, if you know of a loved one or a friend who has questions for her, you can send an email directly to nurseangelaatvaxsafety.org.
That's nurseangelaatvaxsafety.org.
All right, let's get right with it and bring on our founder, Steve Kirsch.
Steve, come on.
Come on down.
Hi.
How are you doing tonight?

[SPEAKER_11]
Good.

[SPEAKER_05]
Good.
So I just read your sub stack on the new Rasmussen poll.
Do you want to give us the highlights of what that poll found?

[SPEAKER_11]
Pretty amazing.
It found that the vaccines have killed over a half a million people and that about, if you were a vaccine, that about 40, over 40% of Americans are vaccine injured.
So we're giving, it's really stunning, we're giving a vaccine and it's injuring such that people want to sue, if they could, 42% of the American public.
I mean, that's astonishing.
Plus, you know, so the other thing, the survey results were 50% of the people contacted said that they knew someone who died from COVID.
25% effectively said, I know someone who died from the vaccine.
So if a million people died from COVID, that means that half a million people were killed by this safe and effective vaccine.
So it's stunning.
And there's complete silence from all the mainstream media, mainstream medicine on this poll, because it basically, there's no way you can counter it.
Resmussen is a highly respected, highly accurate pollster.
And so if they find out 500,000 people have died from the COVID vaccine, nobody's going to pay attention.
It's unbelievable.
And this 42% want to bring a lawsuit because they were injured.
It's unprecedented.
You can't have a medicine where 42% of the people that you give it to want to sue you.
I mean, it's ridiculous.
But just to make sure, I went on Twitter and I said, look, if someone you trusted
referred this to you and said it's perfectly safe and you found out that 42% of Americans had the largest class action lawsuit in history against the company.
Would you buy the product?
And the answer was no.
So Moderna is going down here.
I mean, there's no way to explain this data.
They can't go and can't wave this away.
It's a really good article.
People should go over to my Substack.
If you have not read it yet, go over to my Substack and read the article.
It's quite stunning.
Hello.

[SPEAKER_05]
Hi, Taryn.
Hi.
Hi, let me give you a little bit of a proper intro.
So Taryn Gregson is a wife and mom, as am I, Taryn, four kids, and a former golf broadcaster who was fired while pregnant by the PGA Tour for vaccine and religious discrimination.
The tort refused Taryn's sincerely held religious views and her request for an exemption from masking and testing while simultaneously granting medical exemptions.
And as I noted at the top of the show, you have your podcast, Faithful Freedom with Taryn Gregson, presented by the nonprofit, We the Patriots USA, which I do want you to tell us more about.
And of course you're here to tell us also about Shot Dead.
So I want you to say hi.

[SPEAKER_17]
Well, hello.
Thank you so much for having me on.
Steve, thank you for all you're doing and thanks for coming on our show and for helping us give these families a voice because that's what we're primarily focusing on with the documentary.
We're following three families who lost their children to the COVID shot and their babies to the COVID shot.
And so we,
These families have been silenced.
They've been marginalized.
They've been told that they're crazy for thinking the shot killed their kids when they have very reputable doctors like Dr. Peter McCullough and Dr. James Thorpe and so on and so forth, looking over the autopsies.
And yeah, it's just really, it was a humbling experience to be a part of because like you said, I lost my job during COVID, but that is nothing compared to losing a child.
It's just been one of the most humbling and heartbreaking projects to be a part of.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
And there's a young woman that the film is dedicated to, Trista.
Is that right?
Yes.
Tell us about her.

[SPEAKER_17]
Yeah.
She's one of the primary children that we follow to her parents for this film.
And she would be 19 years old and her one year anniversary of her death is on November 9th and they're from Tulsa.
So that's why we're doing the premiere
and the red carpet event live.
You can watch it on the We the Patriots USA Rumble channel on November 9th.
We'll have that red carpet event with Brad of Five Times August who has done so much to raise money for the vaccine injured.
And he will be there performing.
He's wonderful.
And the families, two of the families that are featured in the film will be there as well as Dr. Thorpe.
And then we'll have a panel discussion afterward.
But it was important for us to have this for her family.

[SPEAKER_05]
And that's just a week from today is the night.
So next Thursday live streamed, if you can't get to Tulsa.

[SPEAKER_17]
Absolutely.
You can go to shot dead.org if you are in Tulsa to purchase tickets and all of the proceeds go toward the making of this film and toward the litigation because we, the Patriots USA, as soon as we heard the news that Steve
broke, I guess two weeks now about the contaminated contaminants in the COVID shot.
And then we could now move forward and seek justice for these families where two of the families have already signed on to push forward with litigation against Pfizer that are featured in our film.
16 year old son died and 18 at the time, 18 year old daughter died.
And so we're helping these families and hopefully more if we can raise enough money.

[SPEAKER_05]
And we'll put the link to the We the Patriots USA also in the chat, but let's watch the trailer.
I really want to see this trailer.
So Daniel, if you can pull that up.

[SPEAKER_27]
I would hope that family members who are responsible for the children will realize that and will be enthusiastic about getting their children vaccinated.

[SPEAKER_20]
We are recommending COVID-19 vaccination.
COVID-19 vaccination is safe and effective for children.
They kept pushing that it was safe and effective, and do it for grandma and grandpa.
It can help keep you and your family safe from severe illness or death.

[SPEAKER_15]
It was 112 days.
From the day she got the shot to the day she died was 112 days.
A little over three months.

[SPEAKER_29]
For your neighborhood, for your country, it sounds corny, but it's a patriotic thing to do.

[SPEAKER_00]
For those 11 hours she was alive, it was terrible.
This was absolutely terrible.

[SPEAKER_14]
So I took him to take the first shot.
Five days later, my neighbor, he called me, mister, can I take the boys to eat, play basketball?
She took him to the park.
They got off the truck and took off running across the parking lot.
There he collapsed.

[SPEAKER_16]
Tonight is about a celebration for Trista, missing her, loving her.
But at the same time, we want to fight what killed her.
But these people need to be stopped.

[SPEAKER_20]
I don't understand how everybody is just sitting back and letting them do this.

[SPEAKER_05]
Really important film.
Thank you so much for putting in the time and effort and resources to make it.
We'll put links in the chat again.
And Taryn, we're so glad we've gotten this chance to talk to you.
Again, you're on Red Voice Media, which now is not only on Rumble, but it's on Roku, Amazon, Fire Stick, and Apple TV.
We'll put the link in the chat to your
to your podcast.

[SPEAKER_17]
Thank you so much.
People can head to shotdead.org and we have to keep talking about it.
They have the RSV vaccine, which is an mRNA vaccine out for pregnant women.
They're going to continue to try to do this, so we must help the children.

[SPEAKER_05]
Critically important.
Thank you so much.
Good luck.
We'll see you again.
All right, well, let's bring on our other guests.
But first, actually, really quick, we always have to remind our audience that we are a nonprofit and we rely solely on community support to keep going.
You can support our efforts by going to our website, backsafety.org forward slash donate, and we'll put the link in the chat.
Also remember, we'll have our live Q&A with Dr. Turner and Pete Serrano,
two guests coming up.
So write your questions in the chat and preface it with a all caps question so we can find it among all the comments.
You can make a small donation as well by using the super chat feature and we'll do our best to get your questions answered.
So let's welcome our guests.
So Pete Serrano is a husband and proud father of three.
I love this.
We're all
Emphasizing the importance of our parenting and having children, he's also the Director and General Counsel for Silent Majority Foundation, or SMF.
It's a 501c3 nonprofit organization as well.
Pete and the SMF team have fought the government to protect individual freedoms, including free speech, religious rights, medical freedom, and autonomy.
and individual rights to bear arms.
In SMF's medical freedom work, it has represented several health providers in this particular lawsuit, including Dr. Turner, to protect their licenses from the Washington Medical Commission.
And then I guess you'll tell us if it's a separate lawsuit related, you have sued the Washington Medical Commission, and we want you to tell us more about that.
Welcome.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thank you.
Thanks, Steve.
Thanks, Lisa.
And I look forward to connecting with Dr. Turner as well.
It's always nice to see our clients.

[SPEAKER_05]
Why don't I intro him and then I'm going to leave you guys to it.

[SPEAKER_04]
Sure.
Absolutely.
My apologies.

[SPEAKER_05]
No, it's great.
So Dr. Turner is a graduate of Stanford University, Harvard Medical School, and the Mayo Clinic.
He is, you are an integrative medicine physician and CEO of his own, of your own concierge practice.
He provides personalized approaches, including hormone sleep, recovery, nutrition, supplements, and exercise.
It's all about actual health.
to help people achieve their optimal state of health.
Called Genuine and Caring and the Best Doctor in the World, Not Bad, by Patients, he brings a high degree of empathy, trademark optimism, and a holistic approach to patient care.
He's also the host of the MONA podcast, and has a popular sub-stack, Health and Wellness, with Dr. Turner.
Thank you, Dr. Turner, and welcome.

[SPEAKER_06]
Thank you, very glad to be here.
That's a very kind introduction.
And hello, Steve, good to see you again.

[SPEAKER_05]
Quite some credentials.
Well, I'm gonna leave you all three to it and I'll see you back for Q&A Thank you.

[SPEAKER_11]
Okay.
So someone said my mic volume is low.
Can you guys hear me?

[SPEAKER_04]
Okay It's okay.
It's still a little low Steve.

[SPEAKER_14]
It's low 1 2 3 4 5 It's still

[SPEAKER_11]
Let me let me try one thing here in the settings.
Let's go to audio, see if we can increase this here.
Okay, did that make any difference at all?

[SPEAKER_04]
A little bit.
Yeah, not much to me, but don't go off like this.

[SPEAKER_11]
How about Oh, yeah, but now significantly significantly better.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_11]
Okay.
All right.
So this should we're good now.
Yeah.
Okay, awesome.
So let's talk with Michael Turner first, Dr. Turner.
And we met first at the FLCCC in Orlando.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And I actually did a video with you, I think, but we definitely did did talk to you and got your story.
But why don't you but so I know your story.
Why won't you detail sort of what has happened to you?
Why?
Are they trying to take away your license to practice medicine or just restrict what you can do?

[SPEAKER_06]
They're trying to sanction me in format to be determined could result all the way up into a suspension of licensure, I imagine.
But the backstory is I worked for a local hospital in my town in Washington from 2009 to 2020.
And then I felt an urge just to go into business on my own.
I felt essentially constrained, like I wasn't able to bring my best vision of patient care forward amidst my hospital employment.
And so I went into business on my own, unbeknownst to me,
was the upcoming COVID epidemic, right?
So I opened my doors in January 2020, all of a sudden COVID hits and we're dealing with the pandemic, et cetera.
And being an integrative medicine doctor, I started to get questions like, you know, how do I prevent getting COVID?
How do I strengthen my immune system?
Or my wife is sick, my husband's sick, I don't want them to go to the ER, I hear bad things about remdesivir, I hear bad things about ventilation, isn't there something we can do, right?
And essentially patients were not getting answers, they weren't getting support in the outpatient realm, as you well know.
Being a caring physician, like so many others, I'm not unique in that sense.
I just embarked on this quest to figure out how I could best help my patients, which led quickly to the FLCCC, which led to the COVID treatment protocols, which led to ivermectin.
and at times hydroxychloroquine.
And this is kind of where I ran afoul of the Washington State Medical Commission.
We can get into that.
But unfortunately, they've come out with a so-called COVID-19 misinformation statement, which was adopted in 2021.
And we can talk about it.
I'll offer some quotes from it.
But basically, this has been used as a basis to prosecute doctors, including myself, essentially bullying and fear tactics
and ultimately coming after us with a hearing about our licensure solely on the basis of our professional disagreement with their misinformation statement.
And I just want to start off by saying, let's just ask the question, why should you care?
You may not live in Washington.
You may be a patient.
You're not exactly making health care decisions.
Why should you care?
And the answer is, because this has to do with what kind of relationship you want with your health care provider.
That's why this matters.
Everyone's gonna get sick.
Everyone's gonna need a healthcare provider at some point.
Could be naturalistic, could be more traditional, could be in the hospital, out of the hospital.
It doesn't matter.
The question is what kind of relationship do you want to have?
Do you want to see that healthcare provider as the unbiased guardian of that sacred trust and relationship to act in your medical best interest?
Or do you want them self-censoring?
Do you want them afraid to recommend certain remedies?
Do you want them essentially functioning as a passive agent of government policy?
That's the question.
That's why you should care.
And the specifics, in my case, have to do with COVID, ivermectin, et cetera.
And I'll just say as a last point, and then we can freely launch into it.
By doctors older and wiser than myself and more experienced, I've been told that prosecuting doctors on the basis of spreading misinformation is a novel concept, right?
It's never happened before in the history of medicine.
Like before, you had to actually commit malpractice, like, you know, botch a surgery or do someone a drug.
Right.
You actually, right.
Spreading misinformation, this is a thought crime.
Essentially, this is the first time doctors have ever been prosecuted for a thought crime.
And then it obviously raises the question of, well, who defines misinformation and how can you even have a standard of care in the midst of a novel and evolving pandemic?

[SPEAKER_11]
And so what's the answer to what is misinformation?
So truth would be considered misinformation if it goes against the policy, right?

[SPEAKER_06]
Indeed.
So Washington State Medical Commission was very plain about this.
You can look it up.
You can look up Washington State Medical Commission COVID-19 misinformation statement.
And they talk about three things.
They talk about masks.
They talk about vaccination, and they talk about early treatment with hydroxychloroquine and ivermectin.
And they say, we are defining standards of care.
And they say, we base our masking and vaccination safety recommendations on the expert recommendations from the United States Centers of Disease Control and Prevention, the CDC.
OK?
OK, so truth doesn't matter.
It's all based on opinion.
And so you disagree with their opinion.
Right, if you have any difference of opinion with the CDC, which is where they're deriving their so-called standard of care from, then you're immediately foul of this statement.

[SPEAKER_11]
Okay, so misinformation is not about what's true or not.
It's about whether you agree with their narrative.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yes.
And furthermore, as regards early treatment, and this is a literal quote, it says, the Washington State Medical Commission relies on the US FDA approval of medications to treat COVID-19 to be the standard of care.
And then it goes on to say, practitioners should take note that ivermectin is not FDA approved for use in treating or preventing COVID, neither is hydroxychloroquine.
So they have defined their standard of care based on the US FDA
fact that it was not approved.
Right.

[SPEAKER_11]
And vaccines are safe and effective, right?

[SPEAKER_06]
It raises all kinds of problems.
I mean, the first one is it's a
It really says nothing, if you think about it, it really says nothing at the beginning of this pandemic to come out and say that ivermectin and hydroxychloroquine are not FDA approved, because the FDA approval process, as you know, takes years and millions of dollars and lots of data.

[SPEAKER_11]
So how could anything be- Well, they never approve it for off-label use.

[SPEAKER_06]
Right, but how could anything be officially approved for COVID at that time, one year in?
Nothing could, right?
ivermectin, it wasn't even fair to ask the question.
FDA approval wasn't even around when ivermectin entered
in as an approved medication.
And what's odd also is that it's really not a fair question of ivermectin or hydroxychloroquine because they never will be FDA approved for COVID because no one's willing to bankroll that and do the studies.
So again, it's a very unfair line of attack, but it's also inconsistency because as you know, you know what else wasn't FDA approved for COVID?
the vaccines they were emergency youth authorized so at the same time in september of 2021 when they came out and said this is substandard care if you recommend hydroxychloroquine or ivermectin because it's not FDA approved they should have come down hard on the vaccines because those weren't FDA approved either and you know what's still interesting i'm going to just
little sharing here showing inconsistency but it's okay because they can they make the rules right they know better they know better Steve but you know what's what's interesting here I'm just going to read this test right here by next now Kobe test here's what's interesting I'm gonna I'm gonna read the fine print almost you know kind of hard to find this on the back but it says this product has not been FDA cleared or approved.
but it has been authorized by the FDA under an EUA.
So you know what else is still not FDA approved?
This thing right now.
I just went down to my riot aid and got this.
So are they trying to shut down every pharmacy in Washington that's selling these non-FDA approved things for COVID-19?
I mean, at least be consistent.
They should.

[SPEAKER_11]
Right.
They should.
Well, like, when are they going after those guys?
You know, because it's not FDA approved.
You can't.
I mean, like, I wouldn't ever want to take anything that wouldn't be that's not FDA approved.
I mean, gosh, that can't possibly be safe.
Right.
Yeah.
Well, so you haven't you haven't harmed.
They're not accusing you of harming any patient.

[SPEAKER_06]
So good question.
So that's a great question.
So the the investigations begin with
Somebody reports Dr. Turner for violating the misinformation statement as in he prescribed ivermectin or hydroxychloroquine.
And then the investigation proceeds from there where they try to dig around and prove that you might have harmed the patient.
And what's interesting is their chief most sort of damning concept or example from their side is a gentleman who is very gravely ill with COVID.
I treated him with ivermectin.
He unfortunately entered in the hospital, passed away.
He had elevated liver function tests, so-called LFTs, and they came back and tried to blame that on ivermectin.
They said ivermectin seemingly has caused his elevated liver function tests and therefore we could not give him remdesivir.
And because Remdesivir is FDA approved, we were unable to give him an effective FDA approved medication because of what you have done with your unauthorized FDA approved thing.

[SPEAKER_11]
Right, but they had the randomized clinical trials that proved that ivermectin raises that, right?
No, they don't.
They have the scientific evidence.

[SPEAKER_06]
Good point.
And they furthermore, we don't even know when his LFTs went up.
I mean, people, they can go up for a number of reasons.
You know, you could have a little bit extra to drink.
You could have some kind of chronic liver problem.
Who knows whatever other medications he was on.
They didn't even establish the timeline.
He might have had LFTs that were elevated before I even started ivermectin with him.
Right.
Because again, I came in in the last several days of his life.

[SPEAKER_11]
You know, I haven't heard of a case where LFTs are elevated from ivermectin.
Have you?

[SPEAKER_06]
Have you seen that before?
No, it's a possibility, but I have not.

[SPEAKER_11]
No.
How many people have you given an Ivermectin to?

[SPEAKER_06]
I mean, thousands.
Oh, OK. Well, see, it's a common side effect.
So right to your point, it's it's it's.
Clearly very speculative.
We don't even know the timeline of this guy's elevated LFTs and they try to pin it on ivermectin and say that we know therefore he couldn't get remdesivir therefore I was a bad doctor and I contribute.

[SPEAKER_11]
But Michael there are multiple systematic reviews and meta analysis that say that ivermectin should be used and it's in the peer-reviewed literature in multiple peer-reviewed journals.
Are you supposed to then ignore that?
It says it's a tree.
It's a knowledge treatment.
I mean, that's at the top of the evidence in evidence based medicine at the very top are the systematic reviews and meta analysis.

[SPEAKER_06]
Right.

[SPEAKER_11]
Which they're saying they're saying that do not pay attention to what the science says.
You shall do what what the experts say, which an expert opinion is at the bottom.
of the evidence-based medicine pyramid.
So what they're telling you, Michael, is that are they reversing or are they changing it so that the base of the pyramid, the expert opinion, is now at the top of the pyramid and that overrides anything else?
So they're rearranging the pyramid.
And certainly have a they have to have a randomized trial that that shows that that is the case.
Could could you show me that randomized trial that they're using to rearrange the evidence based medicine pyramid.
How come nobody's found this out before?
How come they're the first ones?
I mean, that's amazing.

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, yes, you make a good point.
Dr. Corey has spoken on this.
There's some literature that's negative against ivermectin in terms of trials that have been done, published in some prominent medical journals.
They have their flaws.
This has been pointed out.
We can debate it back and forth.
Obviously, I come down more on the side of the predominance of the evidence clearly supports its use.
To your point, you get at a very fundamental issue, which is where is the locus of control for medical decision making for you, the patient?
Do you want it top down?
Do you want it from Fauci?
Do you want it from the CDC?
Do you want it from the FDA?
Do you want it from Washington State?
Do they really know what's in your best medical interest today?
Do they know what they're talking about?
Do they have conflicts of interest or do they have your best interests in mind?
You know, I trained at the Mayo Clinic and I was proud to do so.
And one of the things that made them great
They had a saying, the best interests of the patient are the only interests to be considered, which was one of their founders, William Mayo, right?
And I just kept that as my personal credo.

[SPEAKER_11]
So again, who's interest- By the way, have you asked them about that?
Have you asked the medical board about that?
Is a medical board saying that any doctor that trained at the Mayo Clinic that now should be, they should take their credentials away because clearly they're not doing it the way they're supposed to be doing it?

[SPEAKER_06]
Probably, you know, I mean, I might,
I might not be Mayor Clinic's favorite graduate at the moment, but I mean, I got to tell the truth.
I got to call it as I see it.
I mean, I have a conscience, you know, so.

[SPEAKER_11]
And when you appear in front of these people, do you get to show any kind of like, can you bring any witnesses?
Do you have any?
Can the public talk at your hearings or is it just they can talk and you have to remain silent and your lawyer can't say anything?

[SPEAKER_06]
That's a great question.
Segway, Pete, take it away, my friend.
Tell him how these things are done because Pete's gone through this rodeo a few times and I have not yet shown up on the scene.
So that's a great question, Steve.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
Perfect.
So let's start with the position that the ones that I've attended have always been via Zoom.
The Washington Medical Commission has no interest in actually seeing you face to face.
At least
so-called under its pandemic protocol.
So I've done it from Eastern Washington and they're up in Thurston County, which is Western Washington.
Are they doing it?
Quite frankly, some of these folks have done it in their offices, in their homes.
We met someone's dog, one of the commissioner's dog.
It's really a sad state of affairs because that's your so-called trial.
Just walking it back to the structure of this, you're suing the Washington Medical Commission or you're being investigated by the commission
And when you get investigated by the commission, they are the ones who receive the complaint, review the complaint.
A panel of the 17 members decides to prosecute your complaint.
Then the state attorney general brings an attorney.
And then there's an administrative law judge who's a member of the state, you know, it's a state compensated official, and then your jury is a member, a different member of the 17 member panel, anywhere from three to seven people.
And so the ones that we've conducted have been five day hearings, Doc Turner's got a three day hearing, and it was all conducted via Zoom.
We brought our witnesses, we brought some experts, and one of the lines that really strikes me is,
because the commission's credible experts were more credible, we deem the weight in the favor of the commission.
That's what they said about our last experts for our last doctor whose license was at risk.
Basically, they said, hey, we developed a statement.
We're going to do whatever our experts tell us.
And to your point, Steve, whether it's the inverse or the top,
Um, they deem that as the most credible expert in the room.
So they're cherry picking their experts.
They're listening to the experts and ignoring the rest of the testimony.
It's, it's a real sad dog and pony show.
It's costly.
It costs time.
It costs patient care.
And then we've got to appeal this to the superior court.
It's it's a broken system.

[SPEAKER_11]
So so this these experts, are these guys at all intellectually honest or are they all basically paid for shills to do the bidding of the committee?

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, so far out, let me tell you, they've all done some sort of work or currently work at the University of Washington, so you can imagine kind of what their general sense of life is.
And I will tell you, one of the experts I said, Dr. Wald was their name, I said, I need you to define safe, effective and safe and effective for me.
And she understood this to be in the context of the vaccine and the claims.
She she deferred and totally derailed it and said, well, once the vaccines were approved, I took my two children out to go get vaccinated the first day.
So, you know, I don't need a definition, Steve.
I'll just go use my kids as these little sample tests.
And really, that's to me, it showed exactly they're going to sidestep the direct question.
And I pushed her on it and she still couldn't give me an answer.

[SPEAKER_11]
But but if you talk to the if you talk to these people offline, like are they reasonable people that if you showed them, you know, super credible evidence, like suppose you had all the health records from the state of Washington, and you could show them these are authenticated records.
And here's what they show that they show that the vaccine is killing people.
Would they listen?
Or would they say well, but the CDC says it's safe and effective.
And so all your data doesn't matter.
Like, how corrupted are these people?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, I mean,
I'll be honest.
I don't think they'd listen.
They would look at their studies that they've cherry-picked and said, well, this is like, here's our Holy Grail.
What you've got is garbage.
It's not proven.
I heard over the course of five days, randomized control tests, dozens, if not more times.
It's like, here are the ones that are pro-Ivermectin, but they didn't care.

[SPEAKER_11]
Okay.
So let me ask you this question.
Suppose the CDC comes out tomorrow.
And they say, oh, sorry, we goofed.
Oh my gosh, we made a mistake.
Sorry about that.
The COVID vaccines are super dangerous and nobody should get them.
Honestly, does that does that even change what Washington State does?
Are they going to go and say, okay, we're going to mandate it because we say it works.
The CDC is wrong.
Like they do they ever counter whatever the CDC says?
So if the CDC says, you know, the sky is red, is the sky red?

[SPEAKER_04]
I think they're going to always be as sky as red.
And mind you, COVID, the sky was always falling.
It was never red, right?
And so anything other than the gods from the alphabet agencies that approved particular treatments, that was the way that the state went.
Just walking back to the COVID misinformation position statement,
This was something that the reason we brought the lawsuit on behalf of Doc Turner and the three other doctors was because this was adopted literally with a 24 hour notice and no opportunity for comments.
So anyone that's an administrative procedures act nerd like myself, and I've practiced it from the environmental context, actually defending agencies, suing agencies, and in various contexts, I knew that that was an inappropriate time window
to provide notice and comment.
Now you can give that opportunity for a proposed rule, but then you have to come in on the back end and fill in the gaps and say, okay, we're accepting comments for 30 to 60 days.
And you, Doc Turner, if you have an opposition, write in your comment, we'll ignore it, but we'll at least think that we've received it, right?
Here they did it with 24 hours notice, and it was a notice of a discussion
It wasn't adoption.
I mean, so there's so many flaws in this.
And sadly, so far, the Superior Court has struggled to bite on that.
So we actually filed an appeal in our state appellate court today to push this up quickly and say, hey, look, here's what we're targeting.
And the judge was hung on the fact that there's a disciplinary action
then there's a lot against the commission and he couldn't bifurcate the two.
And it's like, no, those are two totally different actions.
If we can prove the medical commission failed its statutory duty in its adoption, then all the disciplinary actions, whether it's Turner's or the other hundreds of doctors, because I know one of the questions we asked an investigator, okay, so one investigator on testimony, on witness stand said, I've investigated at least 50
complaints related to misinformation.
That's one investigator, Steve.

[SPEAKER_11]
Wow.
You know, they could could would they be in?
Could you ask them the next time you're you're there?
Could you ask them a question?
Could you ask them?
Do you guys want to end the misinformation once and for all on the vaccine?
Ask them that question.
And if there's a way you can record their answer to that, I would love to know it, because if they say yes, then I have the perfect solution for them.
And they're not going to like it.
But it would solve the misinformation problem.
But I'd like to get them on record as saying, yeah, we'd like to stop it.
Because what are they going to say?
No, we don't want to stop it.
They have to say yes.
And once they say yes, then you tell them, okay, great.
Why don't you publish the public health records for everyone in Washington state?
And that would end all the misinformation.
You just said that you were committed to ending misinformation.
Why don't you do that?
And then I want you to have the camera going when they respond to that, because I want to see the silence.
that happens and I want to see them try to defend not releasing public health information to the public and then you ask them well so I'm not trying to tell you how to do your business but but I love it to get the answer to this and then you ask them look so we checked the scientific peer-reviewed literature and we couldn't find a case
where clinical outcomes were improved by hiding the public health data from the public.
Now, can you point us to a study that says hiding public health data from the public improves clinical outcomes?
So you basically want to shoot down every possible excuse they have for hiding the data and get this all on camera.
And I will blow this up.
It will drive people crazy.
We need to embarrass these guys because they have all the cards.
And, you know, we got to throw some some, you know, shit back at them and get it on tape.
But are you allowed to record?
So response, because this would be like, I would love to be able to promote this.
So people can see just how corrupt these people are.

[SPEAKER_04]
What we could record would be video depositions, and that would be a deposition of the experts.
The hearings themselves are not, as far as I understand, not tape recorded, but then they're all transcribed.
So for example, the question where the guy told me 50 investigations,
I've got that question and it's all written down.
We're getting the transcript.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah.
So the deposition transcripts are not as good as the live video, but sorry in the in the proceeding.
But in the deposition, you can have that video camera running while you're asking these questions to these people, because we need to expose these assholes.
and show the public that they are not interested in your health.
And then we need to go and promote this like really massively in Washington.
and then start to mobilize people, because that's the only way we're gonna fight this, because this is going on everywhere in the country, and everybody is like, you know, has to bow down to these people because they've got all the legislative and authority, and basically they're the judge, jury, and executioner, all combined in one, and it's like, it's a completely unfair system.

[SPEAKER_04]
Right.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's totally stacked against the individuals like Dr. Turner.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah.
Yeah.
Which is which is sad.
But what you said, it's like 100.
They're they're doing this to 100 other doctors.

[SPEAKER_04]
I don't have that specific number.
I can tell you I've represented four, five, six, I'm aware of at least a dozen others.
And again, the dozens, the 50 plus that have been investigated by the one investigator.
And I can tell you this, I've seen out of the five we're representing, I think three different investigators.
So assuming at a minimum 50 per head, you're talking about 150.
And again, that's assuming only three investigators and I'm sure there's more of a staff than that.

[SPEAKER_06]
Steve, I wanted to build on a point that you said as far as the publicity.
I think if I were Washington state, I would find prosecution of healthcare providers on the basis of this misinformation statement to be an embarrassment.
This is a bit shameful and embarrassing that our state would do this and it needs to be put on display.
When you have, for example, California,
which adopted its COVID misinformation statement, as you know, through the legislature, which was a whole lot more proper channels than what happened here.
But regardless, when you have them do that, and then they backtrack and retract the thing, right?
But Washington State does not retract theirs, even though it didn't have anything like the statutory and regulatory teeth that California does.
Why are they such a holdout?
Why are they way out here on the edge of fanaticism and anti-rationality in this concept?
And I'll just make one more comment here too.
What's interesting, Steve, is on the COVID-19 misinformation statement, this is a quote.
They say, physicians and physician assistants who generate and spread COVID-19 misinformation or disinformation erode the public trust in the medical profession and endanger patients.
Okay, and I would say that as long as they continue to hold on to this, as long as you have a state medical commission that prosecutes healthcare providers based on a misinformation statement that hasn't been updated in two years, based on citing discredited, conflicted, and corrupt federal agencies, which had no business making individual medical decisions in the first place, as long as they continue to do that, they erode the public trust in the medical profession and endanger patients to their whole point.

[SPEAKER_11]
They should prosecute themselves.
is what it boils down to.
And I'm curious, the people that they got to file the complaint against you, were those actually your patients that one of your patients actually filed or do they not even tell you who your accuser is?

[SPEAKER_06]
Great question.
So to your point, none of these complaints were filed by any of my patients, nor any immediate family members.
None.
None, Steve.

[SPEAKER_11]
All my patients- Who's filing the complaint?

[SPEAKER_06]
I'll tell you, but all of my patients are thankful.
They're appreciative.
I get-

[SPEAKER_11]
So many, you know, they don't, you can't bring them into the, to your, your trial, right?

[SPEAKER_06]
No, they're going to.
So who, who files a complaint would be like the ER doctor who admitted the patient.
And when the ER doctor looks over the med list, it's like, Oh, where'd the ivermectin come from?
Doc Turner.
Oh, that's a violation of Washington state policy.
Let me report him.
Okay.
Or in one case it was the granddaughter, the granddaughter who called the Washington medical commissions.
Like I heard my grandma got some ivermectin from this quack doctor.
You know, you should look into this.
It's never been the patient, it's never been the patient's immediate family.

[SPEAKER_11]
They're all happy and they all thank me.
So clinical outcomes don't matter, right?
It's all about compliance.
Correct.
And you should get them, Pete, get them to admit that, right?
I mean, turn the tables on these guys and get it on record.
And when you do your depositions, you can ask each of the people that you're doing your deposition, same thing, which is more important, clinical outcomes or compliance.
So if you have a doctor who complies with your orders and all of his patients die,
and you have a doctor who doesn't comply at all and he lost no patience, who should be prosecuted?

[SPEAKER_04]
Absolutely.

[SPEAKER_11]
Get them on the record in the deposition, right?
Because then you then present that deposition back to them and say, well, in the deposition, sir, it appears that all of your expert witnesses said this.
Because if they don't say that,
They're discredited in the deposition.
And if they do say it, then you could use that.
And then I would love to get the transcript of that and show people just how corrupt these people are, because nobody sees this.
It's all behind closed doors.
Nobody's seeing any of this stuff.
And this is happening not just in Washington, but it's happening in Canada.
It is probably happening all over the world.
We need to do something about this.
We absolutely turn the tables on these guys and use their own statements under oath against them.
And then I can give you some data that proves that the vaccines are killing people.
And I want you the next time you you're in a deposition to show you that the expert that data.
And then they will have to, that expert will have to conclude that the vaccines are dangerous because otherwise you will skewer that expert and you've got them on video.
I mean, this is, you have like a priceless opportunity to expose these people and I will give you the tools to be able to do that.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, can you send that or have your team send that over?
Because we will be looking at all of our discovery for Doc Turner closes mid-January.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
And that would include expert testimony.
So send that over.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, I mean, I would love to be able to go there and ask questions, but that's not allowed.
It's only attorneys asking.
It's only you.
Only you can ask the questions, right?
Yep.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Such a shame.

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, thank you for your input.

[SPEAKER_14]
Have the most fun.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, I've been doing this for a long time and I've never had an opportunity to.
Oh, but it would like maybe it almost makes me want to go and get a law degree and be licensed in the state of Washington just so I can ask these people a few questions because as a misinformation spreader, they never answer my questions.

[SPEAKER_04]
Right.
Here's the best part.

[SPEAKER_11]
Oh, it's so unfair.

[SPEAKER_04]
We'll sign you up as a legal intern and after two years, you can you can do what's called a rule nine, which is a special Washington.
You're a quasi lawyer, so you can still participate under the supervision.

[SPEAKER_11]
Right.
So I have to but I mean, do I have to actually do work for two years to do?
I mean, the clock.

[SPEAKER_04]
It's, it's, it could be both.
We could talk about that.
Let's talk.
All right.

[SPEAKER_06]
We'll set you up, Steve.
We'll set you up.
Thanks for your support.
Well, well, you know, echoing your point, right?
Their whole MO is to tar and feather publicly this provider to humiliate you, to brow BS.
Right.
Exactly.
We're going to turn that all around.
Exactly.
And to borrow metaphor from the civil rights movement, we're going to move to the back of the bus.
We're not.
We're taking a stand.
We're putting ourselves on display.
We're saying what you're doing is wrong.
It's corrupt.
Let's talk about it.
And we're not going to be humiliated and cowering and silent.
You need to answer.
You know, you're putting us on display and your own cronyism and corruption is going to be put on display.

[SPEAKER_11]
So let's talk about it.
You're entitled to depose their experts, right?
Or is it like, we can depose your experts, but you can't depose our experts?

[SPEAKER_04]
That's the one thing that is fair play.
We're both entitled to the same grounds of discovery.
I can't believe it.
There's something that's fair in the system.

[SPEAKER_11]
You can use that to your advantage.

[SPEAKER_04]
Oh, this is awesome.
Yeah, it's only 99% broken.

[SPEAKER_11]
Oh, that's so awesome.
Yeah, the 1%.
You can use the one.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, well, exactly.
And that's what we try to do.

[SPEAKER_11]
We try to call.
This is like we need to talk, Pete.
All right.
Let's do it.
Coming up where you're deposing someone.

[SPEAKER_04]
I don't have anything yet.
But like I said, I got to do it by the middle of January.

[SPEAKER_11]
OK, well, hey, if you can get any deposition set up, we need to talk.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, so I'll have their list of experts in Turner's case.
probably by no later than mid November, early December.
And then we have to provide each other's exhibits.
And so we'll see what they're relying on.
And again, if you've got information you want us to look at, get it over now and my team and I can look at it.
And we can talk through it.

[SPEAKER_11]
We're going to talk after this call.

[SPEAKER_04]
OK, sounds good.

[SPEAKER_11]
Oh, this is great.
Yeah, we're going to screw these guys.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_11]
I mean, my, my big they're never going to shoot at anybody again.

[SPEAKER_04]
Good.
That's what we need.
That's why we're doing them.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah.
It'll be this is this is our opportunity to expose to the public just how corrupt these people are.
This is awesome.
Yeah.
All right.
Let's do it.

[SPEAKER_06]
All right.
See you.
Deal.
Deal.
Three musketeers here.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, absolutely.
Wow.
Taken down by an MIT engineer who knows nothing about medicine.
Man, that is going to look really bad on their resumes.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, you know, some of these folks who are so called professional medical experts don't seem to know much about it either.

[SPEAKER_06]
So, yeah.
Tell them about how oftentimes they don't even speak to the family of the person that was in public complaint.
Tell them that part.

[SPEAKER_04]
They have no interest in finding out the truth.
I mean, so in one of our other doctors cases, we actually had the individuals who were treated with ivermectin.
We had this woman I remember, she said, I went to the ER three times.
They wouldn't give me monoclonals.
They wouldn't give me anything else.
They told me I was too sick to stay there, but not sick enough to be admitted.
and so she got ivermectin and she literally when she finally was admitted several days after smuggled it in and that's what kept her out of the hospital and she said thank god i had that otherwise i think i'd be dead and this is a woman who's a nurse
And this is, I mean, this isn't a single one-off story.
And so she testifies, but to Doc Turner's point, they have no interest in asking her the questions.
The only reason she gets on stand is because we call her as a witness on behalf of our doctor, right?
And otherwise, this lady's story never would have been told.
they would have just glossed over it and said, hey, but the doctor in this case in the hospital is called Yakima Valley and Yakima Valley said that he admitted the other doctor, Dr. Wilkinson's patients and they ended up out of the hospital eventually.
And it's like, well, yeah, because you kept them in the damn hospital.
I mean, it's such a mess.
The lack of fact finding, the arrogance and the disinterest in truth
because they branded it misinformation.
And I want to circle back that they don't define misinformation.
They just generically talk about what's approved, so-called approved by the FDA.

[SPEAKER_11]
We're going to get the we got to get these people on the video deposition answering some questions that I have.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, hey, I'm happy to talk after Yeah, I've got another attorney Karen Osborne that works with me on these cases.

[SPEAKER_11]
She joined going to heaven be able to ask these people do it because they never answer when I'm like, you know, on Twitter and I just you just get bullshit you just maybe we identify you Steve as an expert and then they can depose you.

[SPEAKER_04]
Oh, that'd be fun.

[SPEAKER_11]
Oh, yeah.
The problem with deposing me, of course, is I don't get to ask them any questions.

[SPEAKER_04]
No, but you can start to lay the foundation for the questions we're going to ask their people.
OK. And you get to see them face to face.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, I'm game.
And can I record my deposition with them?

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, you wouldn't, but we just pay a videographer to video deposition it.
You can even do it from the comfort of your home.
That'd be awesome.

[SPEAKER_11]
Let's embarrass the attorneys as well.
It doesn't hurt my facts, just my feelings.
So let me ask you, when they ask me a question, I'm always supposed to say yes, yes, no, da da da da da.
But can I throw a question back to them?

[SPEAKER_04]
You can, but you don't have to answer it.

[SPEAKER_11]
I know that.
I know that.
But are they going to like, they can't sanction me or anything for being a little bit of a smart ass, right?

[SPEAKER_04]
If you try to conduct the entire deposition that way, they could at least break and say, we're not going to take the rest of the deposition, right?
I mean, they could try.
Most judges aren't going to sanction a deponent.
It would only if you became, if you got super, super hostile, you know, and at a certain point we'd take a break and be like, all right, no more questions.
We got to answer the questions or something like that.

[SPEAKER_11]
It'd be fun.

[SPEAKER_04]
To get there's always, you know, we get to redirect our witnesses so we can ask you questions.
So there's there's opportunities, Steve, to break this open.

[SPEAKER_11]
I like that.
So we're going to have fun.
OK. Yeah.
So let's talk.
Do you want to talk about the Florida situation in Florida?

[SPEAKER_04]
Sure.
So thanks to the conference that you and Warner Mendenhall sponsored in Atlanta, the COVID litigation conference this past spring, I met a lady named Rachel Rodriguez, who practices out of South Florida.
Her law firm is called Veri's Law Group.
And Rachel and her team had built out this 22 page document with another document.
It's got a hundred pages of exhibits requesting that Ashley Moody, the attorney general of Florida do a criminal investigation of Fauci and friends.
It's Fauci, Burks, Walensky, and a couple other folks.
And I know there's a question as to how the prep act plays into criminal charges, but you got to remember a couple of things.
One.
Florida already has a grand jury and panel related to COVID vaccine safety and its deployment and fraudulent and deceptive acts and practices.
And so I don't know that saying, hey, you killed my father or my husband or whomever in the hospital through your so-called protocol, whether that can dovetail into this existing grand jury, but we're asking the attorney general, here are several potential criminal charges
Here are the facts of what happened.
They list out 32 people, tell their stories, and say these are the ways that this individual's story aligns with the elements that you, Ms. Moody, would have to find to get, for example, murder in the second, second degree murder.
or murder while conducting terrorist attacks.
And it's really well laid out.
And so this is a plea to the attorney general to conduct a criminal investigation.
Now, it may result in a separate request for an impanelment of a grand jury.
It may be able to be rolled into the grand jury.
And quite frankly, if it's not politically in her favor, it may go nowhere.
So then we're going to push it to Mr. Cox, who's leading the current grand jury.
And then there's the alternative to push it to Governor DeSantis and his attorney, who were the two that request the first grand jury that's still ongoing.
And so fundamentally, we're looking for an opportunity to press potential criminal charges.
If Florida doesn't fall, we're going to look at other like minded states like Iowa, Oklahoma, Texas.

[SPEAKER_11]
How's your dialogue with the Florida Attorney General's office?

[SPEAKER_04]
So far, not surprisingly, she's gone cold.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
So so again, we're trying to.

[SPEAKER_11]
That's the problem.
These people can ghost you.
Yeah.
And and I've talked to Cox in the past and I left him a phone message about, hey, look, you know, in in in an hour you can have all the facts to completely derail the vaccine and prove without any doubt whatsoever
that the vaccines are killing people.
Are you interested in learning how to do that?
I can teach this to you in 15 minutes.
I didn't get a callback.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
Tell you what, Steve, maybe I'll just run for attorney general here.
That might be the fastest way to do it.
You're going to lose in Washington.
You know, that's the problem.
You got to get the people in power.
Go ahead.
Yeah, you got to get the right people in power who are willing to take a shot.
And that's what's frustrating is, I can't bring criminal charges.
I've got a license to practice law.
It's all civil commercial litigation.
It all rolls uphill, unfortunately.
I do think that with 2024 coming up, you're going to see pressure from probably from Trump to DeSantis to do something more.
And if I'm DeSantis, I flip the script and say, your COVID record isn't perfect.
I think Florida is the time and the place and now is the opportunity, which is why we were willing to sign on to this.
I think the facts, the evidence that Rachel and her team present is awesome.
It's there.
It's sound.
I wouldn't have signed on to the project if we didn't agree with it.
But you also sadly, which really sucks to say when people have died, you have to have the right political fortitude and appetite.
And I'm hopeful that Florida, given its track record with COVID, and again, I think really looking at 2024, this COVID narrative could make or break.
And quite frankly, maybe it gets into Mr. Kennedy's hands and he starts to hit the bully pulpit.
And I mean, look, I don't care where it comes from or it goes, as long as it goes somewhere.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yep.
Great.
Well, we'll see what we'll see what happens and and hope that you are successful.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, it'd be amazing to see at least an investigation.
And if the AG says, oh, there's not enough evidence, like, fine, we'll give you more.

[SPEAKER_11]
Right.
Right.
Exactly.

[SPEAKER_04]
It's not there's lack of evidence.
There's not only twenty two pages of evidence.
There's a mountain of it, but we condensed it to make it easy on you, Miss.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, absolutely.
Cool.
Yeah.
All right.
So shall we take questions?
Lisa, are you back?
I'm not seeing the Daniel.
You're on.

[SPEAKER_05]
Oh, oh, there I am.
Great.

[SPEAKER_04]
You're back, Lisa.

[SPEAKER_05]
I'm back.
Yeah.
Thank you for letting me know.
Um, let's dive right in.
Um, we have holy moly Agnes.
Does an attorney need to live in the same state as the person filing a claim?
So if you want an attorney, do you have to find one in your state?

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, you have to have one that's licensed in your state.
So I reside in Washington.
I'm licensed in California, Florida and Washington.
Used to be in Vermont, but it was too cold.
So I could represent people there.
So you have to have someone licensed in your location.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, there's a legal term for it.
It's escaping my mind, but it's like two Latin words or something.
What are you talking about?

[SPEAKER_05]
The law likes Latin words, but

[SPEAKER_11]
Prohocvice?

[SPEAKER_04]
Prohocvice would allow an individual, I can sponsor someone from another state.
Like we work with several attorneys from out of state on various cases.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
Okay.
So for Dr. Turner, this is the same viewer, holy moly Agnes, any reports on how effective ivermectin and or hydroxychloroquine might be in treating lung COVID?

[SPEAKER_06]
Sure.
Promising, you know, promising.
I based that largely on the FLCCC's body of evidence.
So if you're not familiar with the FLCCC, you can look them up.
They have a long COVID treatment protocol and they cite a bunch of different evidence within that.
But to put it out on
on the level of the mechanisms.
Ivermectin is pretty amazing against COVID because it works in at least five different ways.
And this could be further broken out, but five sort of main categories of benefit.
And so it binds the spike protein.
It inhibits the virus from entering your cell.
Even if the virus enters your cell, it inhibits it from replicating.
Even if it replicates, it inhibits it from reassembling the replicated parts into a completed virus.
And even once the virus is released and doing its dirty business, it is a strong anti-inflammatory.
So because Ivermectin works in those five different categories,
It is very useful in all stages, everything from prevention to acute treatment to ICU patients to long COVID to even vaccine injury, vis-a-vis binding the spike protein and reducing inflammation, like I mentioned.
So it's got broad utility.
I don't know if it's been as well studied per se in long COVID as in some of the other scenarios, but I would defer to the body of evidence that the FLCCC has together.
And clinically, I would say very effective.
I've seen it a number of times, which is hopeful, right?
Patients are like,
I have this long COVID.
I'm not getting any answers.
I struggle.
I'll just give you an example.
I had someone call in from his apartment in Southern California, probably 32, very healthy guy.
This guy was formerly on the Stanford swim team, had gone to the US Olympic finals, was unable to complete a swim workouts, had to stop coaching swimming, was depressed, broke up with his girlfriend.
Yes, calls me from his apartment in Santa Monica, struggling.
And he's like, I'm not getting any answers.
My heart rate shoots up.
I get these chest pains.
I go to the ER.
They say I'm all right.
I know I'm not all right.
I'm tired.
Like this guy was at his wits end.
short story long, we treat him, including ivermectin.
He bounces back.
He's like, I'm swimming again.
I'm coaching.
This is amazing.
He sends me because I got it.
Yes.
Oh, fact.
Yeah.
And there are numbers of stories like that.

[SPEAKER_11]
So you're not allowed to bring any of those up in your trial, right?
Before they put you to death, Michael.
It's like, it's like I can't even bring any of my patients to to tell you
It wouldn't be wonderful if you could do that so that your patients could tell them to their face what kind of people they are.

[SPEAKER_06]
To your point, Steve, you know, after I do these, like for example, this webinar we're doing today, or I did one with the FLCCC not too long ago, or I was on Dr. Drew the other week as you may have heard, right?
I after every appearance I will get an deluge of communication from patients saying you know what I never mentioned it before but you helped me in this that way you saved my spouse's life there's anything I can do let me know I will travel to Washington I will testify I've literally had people say that so they're ready they're motivated and I appreciate the the goodwill as Pete said it's a lockdown I don't think they're gonna allow public testimony but but there are people who would absolutely ask maybe you can ask the next time you're in one of those zoom hearings with them and

[SPEAKER_11]
Ask them, hey, would you like to hear from some of my patients?
And why don't you want to hear from any of my patients?

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, that's certainly where we have the ability to, we could identify, and there's risk in this, hundreds of patients, mind you, they've got young three to five, right?
So there's risk in this.
We can identify hundreds of people that you've helped as fact witnesses.
So it would be an option to do that.
We just have to talk about,
whether or not they're going to open to more and more and more and more and more investigation.
But that said, you've been pretty open about how many you've treated, so it's not going to be hard for them to find.
So we can talk about strategy later.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yep.
I have a question on the comments.
Nothing's come in for the last 12 minutes.
Are comments broken or people still watching?

[SPEAKER_04]
I see some that are one second old.

[SPEAKER_11]
Oh, really?
So it just must be my...
I'm going to try to get a finish here.
Hopefully it doesn't... Yeah, I'm not following it.

[SPEAKER_05]
So I have a question for you, Steve.
It's not mine.
Deighton Tom, I should say.
Is the VSRF or any other organization keeping track of wins
in court on our side by lawyers teams like Jeff Childers, Warner, Tom, Pete, Bobby Ann Cox, Pam Popper.
Anybody know if anyone's tracking?
Not that I know of.

[SPEAKER_04]
I know Warner's got a pretty active
It's called Circles.
I don't really understand it.
It's something that I'm on.
The lists serve to me.
And we do have a lot of chats amongst the lawyers and Pam Poppers collected a lot of information from the Make Americans Free Again group, but there is no single repository.
It's usually kind of siloed into this camp and that camp.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
Makes sense.
I know we're not doing it.
Okay, so back for you, Pete.
What should presidents Trump and Biden have done differently in handling things like informed consent, early treatment meds, vax mandates, lockdowns, releasing the vaccine to the public?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, I mean, certainly, I guess I'm not a political advisor, but
I know president Trump was really hot on getting the vaccine out quickly.
I remember when he said that the lockdown would last till Easter and then it extended.
I do wish he would have kind of stayed true to that or quite frankly made it the true two weeks.
I think had that happened, it would have really.
Again, I'm not a doctor and I'm not a political advisor, but I think it would have allowed for us to really have the opportunity to heal from whatever disease may have been contracted early on.
Obviously, the doctor may have a different opinion on that, but informed consent, they should have always allowed that rather than just saying,
I mean, I think one of the most telling things is Dr.
Moon and her empty sheet that she held up at Senator Johnson's.
And we're investigating her license now, which is ridiculous.
I know.

[SPEAKER_05]
She's in Washington too.
She lost her job at the university, right?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_05]
This page intentionally left blank.
This giant, you know, the package insert.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, and you know, we've been told informed consent for the past century and a half or century plus is critical, but it somehow got lost.
And anyway, there's a whole, we could talk another whole year.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, it's phenomenal.
I mean, right.
There's so, it's just, it was really a phenomenon.
The whole thing start to finish.
Everything went out the window, all the normal rules and laws and constitutional protections, Nuremberg, all of it.
Let's see, for Dr. Turner, how is the emergency use authorization for vaccines conflicting with actual COVID treatments such as Paxlovid?
I'm not sure what they mean by conflicting with it, but maybe you do.

[SPEAKER_06]
Not quite sure where their line of thinking is going.

[SPEAKER_05]
So Paxlovid first came out under an EUA itself, right?
And then, because it was new, and then it got
I guess, maybe not.
And then it got licensed, right?
Or no?

[SPEAKER_06]
Steve might know more on this actually than I do.
I don't know exact history of Paxlovid, who, what, when, where, and why, because I don't use it, frankly.

[SPEAKER_11]
Good for you.
Right.
Yeah.
And I don't track it either because it's just a piece of junk.

[SPEAKER_05]
Right.
Well, one thing I saw came out this week in the news is that Paxlovid, which has been provided free of charge to patients, right?
The government's been buying it from the companies.
It's going up to like $1,400 a dose, you know, for a five day course.
And so that's what insurance companies will be charged.
That's what people will now be.

[SPEAKER_06]
What's in, I will say one thing about, uh, packs of it.
It's very interesting.
I mentioned the five categories of which Ivermectin benefits COVID, right?
Packs of it only works in one of those.
So it's like Ivermectin light.
Okay.
It's like the poor man's Ivermectin, which is so ironic because it's a poor man's Ivermectin.
It's Ivermectin light essentially.

[SPEAKER_05]
It's crazy.
And it interacts with like 125 or 150.
Correct.
Different medications, right?

[SPEAKER_06]
Right.
It's got tons of other medication contraindications and interactions.
It's got tons of reasons you can't give it to your patient, including heart problems, kidney problems, a bunch of stuff that basically every sick American with COVID who would need it would have.
So it's a big morass of not helpful.

[SPEAKER_05]
Right.
What's really amazing, just thinking about the PREP Act and all the protections to these patented drugs that were released during COVID, including the vaccines,
When you think, when I think about like ivermectin and hydroxychloroquine with decades long safety records and maybe a question mark on efficacy, right?
Like maybe a question mark, maybe a small question mark on safety for some people in certain circumstances and what have you.
Perfect drug to give prep back protection to.
perfect drugs to give EUAs to, right?
It makes zero sense.
If someone were to do a survey of all the drugs that got an EUA and then got PrEP Act protections, 100% expensive patented drugs, 0% repurposed cheap drugs.
That just can't be an accident.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, and I'll say this, if it's like ivermectin light, maybe Bud Light can give some advertising tips to put tax levitt and send Dylan Mulvaney their way.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, good.
They can have him.
Dr. Turner, one of our guests would like to know if there's some place where they can find that list of five ways that ivermectin is effective against COVID.

[SPEAKER_06]
Is it written somewhere?
Absolutely.
So there's a fantastic article that summarizes, this was published in PubMed.
The short story is I can, it's in my Substack.
So I recently wrote a Substack called ivermectin colon wonder drug.
By the way, it was called the wonder drug by the Nobel Prize committee of medicine in 2015.
I didn't give it that phrase.
And that was all before COVID when we found out what all that it does for COVID, right?
So even more so.
So ivermectin wonder drug drturner.substack.com.
It's right in my opening paragraph.
There is a,
pathophysiologic mechanistic type article that came out that describes how ivermectin works in COVID.

[SPEAKER_05]
Fantastic, thank you.
Pete, Ari Goldberg, one wants to know, don't these kinds of board meetings, I think he means the medical board meetings that Dr. Turner was subjected to, don't they violate the constitutional right to due process in a jury trial?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, we we've kicked around how that plays out, you know, because typically a jury trials not so much for a property right, which is what a license is.
But we've actually contemplated suing the state on it, that particular violation.
And it's something that I mentioned, Karen Osborne, one of our attorneys that she's working on right now.
So it'll be a separate future lawsuit.
And I think there's a lot of value in at least chasing that.
and forcing the court to determine or, you know, tell us whether or not we're right.
But I think there's, it's a great question.
I think there's merit to it and I want to get it before court.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, yeah.
Good, good, good idea.
Another one for you, Pete, how will the WHO's One Health Treaty affect future lawsuits if it goes through?
So if the WHO has this unfettered authority to determine how we all respond,
to pet in pandemics and whatnot?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, that's I mean, that's that's a tough question because it won't necessarily trump.
It won't necessarily trump our federal codes of regulation or our other state charters or laws.
So I think it will have some impact.
Obviously, we're going to see places like the Washington Medical Commission just point the finger upward to the who and claim that all the who did it.
So we're going to do it, too.
Yeah.
I don't know how binding it would be if it were to pass I think there's obviously concern as to whether or not the UN then becomes more involved in American foreign or in national affairs Yeah, next week our guests we have these three really powerhouse women including Christine Anderson the German MP who speaks out so much against You know what's going on?

[SPEAKER_05]
In the who and and in Europe and dr. Merrill Nass and
an amazing woman named Reggie Littlejohn who I think she co-founded Stop That's Passports.
She's the head of
Women's Frontiers Without Borders and the Sovereignty Coalition.
So they're all three very much WHO experts.
So I encourage our audience to join us next week.
And those kinds of questions, it gets very complicated, right, with the WHO.
I have a final question.
It's for Steve.
It's for anybody.
This is for everybody.
Do any of you believe that the elites, Fauci CEO, Pfizer, JJ Moderna, high ranking CDC, any of the elites actually get a real vaccine?
This is from a pharmacist who said that it took me less than 10 minutes to determine the jab was extremely toxic.
I cannot believe Mr. B Amazon parrot says that any of the medical people in high places actually are taking it.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah.
And the answer to that is you'd be surprised.
Yeah.
These guys are look.
I mean, look around your friends.
OK.
Your your former friends.
Sorry.
They all believe the stuff works.
And Joe Biden is vaccine injured.
Come on.
He went downhill so fast mentally after he became president and started that vaccine program.
I saw him on the campaign trail.
Right.
And he was very normal.
He got shot in the vaccine.
He developed peripheral neuropathy.
The doctors couldn't figure out what's going on.
So Joe Biden got shot.
There is no doubt that Gavin Newsom
took the shot.
So these people are walking the talk, they actually believe the stuff works, you know, so they're not like, oh, yeah, not for me, but like, but there's some people who know that it doesn't like Fauci, for example, we don't know about Fauci.

[SPEAKER_05]
No way.
Yeah.
What do you think, Pete?

[SPEAKER_11]
man.
So federal is a good one because nobody could possibly know because these guys can cover it up pretty, pretty well.
But you know, I hear stories about doctors and hospitals that are basically just getting fake vaccine cards or you know, getting saline shots and all that.
So it does happen.
But as far as the elites, there are some elites and they've been discovered in Europe that are getting, you know, fake cards and all that.
And there are others who are not.
And nobody knows what the ratio is because we can't read minds, unfortunately.
Oh, that would be so nice to, you know, do that.
If I could have that power for a day.

[SPEAKER_06]
oh man I would I would love to do that and you know expose these people but I'll mention the answers nobody knows yeah I'll mention something on the medical side I know that increasing numbers of doctors and nurses are not getting the vaccine that's a fact so I have a doctor who's a cardiac radiologist down in San Diego area rather a patient and
He says, you can't believe the amount of heart disease, accelerated atherosclerosis, the myocarditis, the things we're seeing.
And he's an expert in CT imaging of the heart.
He goes, it's unbelievable.
He's like, none of the cardiologic radiologists around here are getting any vaccines or bouchers.
I'll tell you what, no one in this department is touching that thing.

[SPEAKER_11]
It's like there's one doctor and I actually talked to him the one doctor in the UCSF area that Angela knows Can't reveal who it is, but this guy's like super smart guy and so He's the one doctor out of like 77 doctors.
She knows he's the one doctor who's still getting the shot and
And so I said, Hey, can I talk to him?
And she says, Let me let me see.
He's a good friend.
Let me see.
I can set it up.
But he was trying to lose some data.
So I start the conversation saying, I hope you haven't been, you know, getting the latest booster.
And he says, Yeah, I got it four days ago.

[UNKNOWN]
And

[SPEAKER_11]
And she expected that the conversation would last about 10 minutes before he shut me down.
The conversation lasted an hour.
And then he went out and told Angela, it went really well, and he wanted to continue it.
So it's interesting that people say, oh, Steve, no legitimate doctor will want to talk to you because you're a misinformation spider.
You don't know anything.
You're not a dot.
You're a dot.
They have the whole thing.
But the fact is that this very, very, very smart doctor,
We had a conversation for an hour and he was like, I said, how do you explain this?
And he couldn't explain it.
I said, what about this?
I bet you can't explain that either.
And he said, yeah, you're right.
And so there's a, you can get the, if you can get a crack in the door, then you can go and use that crack to make that crack wider and wider and wider over time.
Because the data I have,
He when I'm done with this guy, he is not going to want another vaccine for the rest of his life.
As long as he'll continue to listen to me and he'll look at the data objectively, there is no way that anybody who looks at the data objectively is going to say, I'm going to get more another shot.
I mean, so so this guy moved from like totally a blue pill.
And I think I moved him towards the center.
I don't know where, but he's definitely moved because he wants to talk again.

[SPEAKER_17]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_11]
It can be done.

[SPEAKER_05]
What do you think?

[SPEAKER_11]
It's not about me.
It's all about the, you have to find the person who is blue-pilled and is actually open to listening to logical arguments.
And that's almost an oxymoron.
And it's just amazing, isn't it?
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
It's pretty rare.

[SPEAKER_11]
It's pretty rare.

[SPEAKER_05]
Hey, before we sign off, I want to ask you, Pete, about the Silent Majority Foundation and what you're doing with that.
It's a fund for lawsuits.
Is that right?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
So we are a nonprofit organization, a 501C3.
So if anyone's looking to throw some tax breaks out at the end of the year, don't hesitate to donate over to our website is smfjb.org.

[SPEAKER_05]
We'll put that in the chat.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
And so we've brought about a couple of dozen lawsuits and it's been anything from free speech on behalf of people who were working with a pastor who's got some issues, several pastors who've had issues, not surprisingly, because they don't want religion and they don't want science in Washington state.
We're also defending various people like Doc Turner on their free speech in the medical field.
We're also suing the state on behalf of its gun laws, the so-called assault weapons bans and the large capacity magazine bans, as they like to call it, because seemingly the state of Washington believes it can stop mass shootings anywhere, because that data relies on outside states.
But bottom line is we believe that the Constitution protects individual rights,
From my perspective and many of our organizational perspective, it's a contract between God and our country to protect that relationship.
And without those individual rights that were bestowed by our Creator, and that's the word used in the Washington Constitution, our Supreme Creator, we cannot function as a society.
And so it's all about bringing back and protecting those individual rights that are protected through the Constitution.

[SPEAKER_05]
That's great.
That's a great closing thought.
Well, thank you both for coming on and we wish you tons of luck and also skill with Mr. Pete here in the lawsuit.
I have a few announcements to close, but if you two are interested, I know our volunteers are amazing.
They've been streaming this live over in a Twitter space, and then we will continue the conversation afterwards if you want to pop in and take a few audience questions over there.
We will put that in the chat.

[SPEAKER_06]
Steve, are you going over?

[SPEAKER_05]
to Twitter spaces.
Okay.
So Steve will be there.
So if you find his Twitter handle, you can, you know, he'll be in a purple circle.
And thank you both again.
I have a few announcements just to close up.
So we are having our second COVID litigation conference as Pete, our guest brought up in the talk.
It's coming to Las Vegas, March 7th and 8th, 2024.
It's an exciting city.
It's at the Horseshoe Hotel.
It'll feature a series of informative panels on the biggest legal issues in COVID litigation.
There are so many areas of law that we have to continue the fight on, not only just the mandates, but to address the fraud by the vaccine manufacturers, to protect doctors with a conscience like Dr. Turner.
from state medical boards and to address the catastrophic injury caused by the vaccines.
And of course, how to pierce the liability shield in the PREP Act.
These types of in-person events are so important for connecting with other lawyers like we heard tonight.
Pete met up with Rachel Rodriguez and now they're working to try and get the Florida attorney general to bring criminal charges against Fauci and his gang.
The Gang, Berks, Collins, Walensky, super important.
And again, that's in Las Vegas, March 7th and 8th.
We'll put links in the chat for more information and tickets.
We hope you come.
It'll be an exciting event, mostly for lawyers, but of course, laypeople are welcome to come and learn.
Don't forget about our swag shop.
We have one of the, I think one of the best collection of
merchandise out there with labels on it.
And it's the best way to resist is just to share with others how you feel about it by wearing something like the fear is back or never comply.
So check it out.
We'll put the link in the chat.
And as I mentioned earlier, next week, join us again.
We have these three amazing freedom fighters, Reggie Littlejohn of Novak's Passports and the Sovereignty Coalition, Dr. Merrill Nass, our great friend, and of course, Christine Anderson, who is a member of the European Parliament from Germany, all experts on the WHO.
So bring your WHO questions, find out about what's going on with the proposed amendments to the pandemic treaty and the international health regulations.
Hope to see you next week.
We have a closing sign off video and it is a global health project video about just that, the WHO.
Thank you and good night.
See you next week.

[SPEAKER_08]
We are here today because we are all concerned
by the World Health Organization's strong pressure to extend its powers, its structural and its financial capacities with a permanent effect over the sovereignty of the countries and over the self-determination of the people.

[SPEAKER_09]
It is simply

[SPEAKER_10]
unthinkable that you would take an entity that had failed as badly as the WHO failed and award them any more powers.
We are talking about global power over the citizens of the world.
This organization which has served us so poorly.

[SPEAKER_07]
This is from the Health and Democracy Conference 13th of September 2023 in the European Parliament in Strasbourg.
Now, Philip Krause is one of the lawyers involved in the Citizens Initiative, challenging the European Parliament to reject the new international health regulations and the WHO pandemic treaty.

[SPEAKER_08]
It was in the wake of the Covid-19 crisis that the WHO has initiated a reform process which will bring significant changes to all of us that will concern every human being
and every of the 194 member states on this planet.

[SPEAKER_02]
In 2021, the World Health Organization and dozens of countries declared their intent to work together on
pandemic treaty affecting preparedness, response, and recovery.

[SPEAKER_13]
Through a series of 307 amendments and a global pandemic treaty, the WHO seeks to gain authority over health decisions of UN member nations that could affect the rest of the world in the case of something like another COVID pandemic.

[SPEAKER_30]
The WHO introducing a pandemic treaty that will mean they'll be able to take your tax dollars without listening to your opinion or giving you the chance to vote on it.
Is that democracy?

[SPEAKER_09]
As you know, this morning,
The 193 member states of the United Nations approved the political declaration on pandemic prevention, preparedness and response.

[SPEAKER_08]
94 member states of the WHO will have their final vote on both of these international agreements.
This process takes place behind closed doors.
It is not reported nor discussed in our newspapers, in our national parliaments, in universities, nor in society.
The WHO claims in these two legal instruments
an absolute and non-questionable leadership in all health matters as soon as WHO refers itself to pandemic prevention, preparedness and response.

[SPEAKER_07]
talking about here health products vaccines medical devices personal protective equipment diagnostics assistive products i'm not quite sure why that is cell and gene based therapies and their components materials or parts cell and gene based therapies health products including vaccines medical devices
It really sounds really quite terrifying that the WHO would have total power over imposing these on us.

[SPEAKER_23]
They want to give themselves surveillance power, determine treatments, vaccine mandates, vaccine distribution, vaccine intellectual property and profits, and they want to redistribute basically everything in the name of pandemics.

[SPEAKER_35]
How is the declaration, the pandemic declaration approved today, how is it binding?

[SPEAKER_07]
And if we look through other parts of the treaty, we can see here that this is what they've done quite often.
Here, all they've done is simply cross out non-binding.
So instead of used to mean non-binding advice, now it means binding advice.

[SPEAKER_01]
This is why this political creation, as Dr Tetra said, is historic and very important for the ongoing negotiation in Geneva, who will be binding to Member States when they agree on the final text by May 24.

[SPEAKER_08]
WHO will have the right to not only declare recommendations made by several experts but also to impose on the people of this planet or only to a certain region all kinds of restrictions, access restrictions, lockdowns, surveillance and experimental treatments.

[SPEAKER_07]
and we just look through it.
So, for example, here they've crossed out this part, with full respect for the dignity, human rights and fundamental freedoms of persons.
Why on earth would you have a WHO treaty where you take out a clause that says the implementation of these regulations shall be with the full respect for the dignity, human rights and fundamental freedoms of persons?
Why would you cross that out?

[SPEAKER_32]
We have never before in history, in 5,000 years of recorded human history, we've never seen this level of authority given to an international global body.

[SPEAKER_13]
Those supporting this authority for the WHO, such as top advisor Dr. Abdullah Asiri, say it's necessary to protect the world's population, even if it means restricting some of their liberties.

[SPEAKER_12]
The world, however, requires a different level of legal mandates, such as the pandemic treaty, to navigate through a particular pandemic, should one occur and it will.
Prioritizing actions that may restrict individual liberties, mandating and sharing of information,
knowledge and resources and pandemic control efforts are all necessary during a pandemic.

[SPEAKER_08]
It shall be granted the power of a massive self-authorization whenever it claims to act under this purpose.
Animals' health, ecosystem, concerns about the level of CO2 and of course human health
can give rise to permanent measures and even to a public health emergency to a pandemic called out and declared by the WHO.

[SPEAKER_33]
We're in danger of forgetting how important this is and we need to recommit to pandemic preparedness because we will not forget.
We will learn the lessons and we will move forward with an accord.
We will move forward with pandemic preparedness.
We will improve surveillance systems.
We will take a one health approach and manage
the ecosystem we inhabit this planet, we inhabit this planet with the animals, with the plants, and we're putting this planet under pressure both in terms of climate and in terms of the ecosystem.

[SPEAKER_08]
There is no mechanism foreseen that will allow the people or the member states to challenge the assessment of WHO, whether it is the WHO's assessment about a public health emergency or their assessment
with respect to certain measures or when it comes to the imposing of a regime for what they call vaccination as experimental as it might be.
there will be simply no stop button for none of the member states and not, of course not, for us the citizens.

[SPEAKER_13]
And top backers of this United Nations move do say speed is of the essence.
And I wish to stress from our perspective
The quicker we can come together, the sooner we will all be safe.
Some in Congress oppose this move to further empower the WHO.
They propose legislation that would deem it a treaty.
The treaty would require Senate approval.

[SPEAKER_28]
I've read the treaty.
I'm concerned about it.
Article 4 pays lip service to sovereignty.
You're pushing for it.
Next year is probably when it may get adopted.
Will it be sent to the Senate for ratification?
Or are you planning on using the executive agreement, which I think is a terrible way to do things?

[SPEAKER_08]
It is a matter and a duty for all citizens now to impose the pressure towards their public representatives, political representatives, to make sure
that the politicians, the political representatives understand that they go on beyond of their entrusted vote they can use.

[SPEAKER_07]
If you don't want to, contact your politicians and they can stop this.
