[SPEAKER_01]
Hi, this is Vivi Lu, and I'm a host for the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation live college edition, and welcome to our bi-weekly Monday show.
Today, we'll be talking with Mila Radicic, a Stanford and Yale continuing medical education student who is severely injured by the COVID-19 vaccine, and Ben Lip, a University of Cincinnati graduate who is currently fighting a lawsuit against COVID-19 mandates.
Dr. Huang was unfortunately not able to join us tonight.
However, we will be exposing some University of Cincinnati public records talking about what the administration and what the school was conversing behind the scenes and behind all of the mandate policies
that they put out for students and faculty as well as parents to see.
So before we get into that, VSRF is a 501c3 organization with a mission to end COVID-19 mandates and advance COVID-19 vaccine safety through public education and advocacy of scientific research and as well as to provide support to the vaccine injured.
We encourage open and transparent conversations, scientific and medical inquiry and questions, so please do ask these questions.
We call for truth and transparency in our colleges, so our fellow students and future generations can receive informed consent and freedom to have education without coercion or mandates.
Thank you for joining us live on Rumble tonight.
If you'd like to ask any questions, please put them in the comments and we'll be sure to answer them.
With that, Ben, would you like to kick us off?

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, sure.
It's like three to five episodes ago we talked about public records.
So then I think that episode we were focusing mainly on how to make such requests.
And you've since tried to make requests where you went to school.
So do you want to actually start by sharing how that process has gone?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, sure.
Sure.
So the process of making a FOIA request, I have learned a lot since the last time that I've made a request.
And through that process, what has been effective is identifying a time period of records that you are interested in.
So, for example, you can give them a certain date range that if you have something that you're inquiring about that happened during that date range, you would provide them with this date range and then you would provide them with the people who you're seeking the records from.
as well as specific keywords which you're looking for.
So the records that you can receive from these are varied.
In the state of Connecticut, you can ask for anything from email communications to text messages to voicemails.
Now, what could you use this for?
So the purpose of a record request is to create transparency between government organizations and the public.
So as long as it is not a vexatious request, which is, you know, to harass it,
In Connecticut, yeah, in Connecticut specifically, which is to a frivolous request with no purpose or reason or to harass the organization or to like waste their resources.
You can request a record to be informed yourself or to inform others.

[UNKNOWN]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.
We've been working on that request together with the University of Connecticut.
And I think that is a good description of what a record request to get should look like, although I think the experience so far has been not great.
But it's also interesting to me, like in the previous episode talking about record requests, how much
Well, one the similarities between two different states and then another thing being
the differences are interesting as well.
Because we're talking a lot about, in the last episode, how every state's going to have their own rules for requesting things.
When we're talking about universities, they're arms of the state.
So that's the law you're going to be following.
Like FOIA requests, as they're commonly known, are federal Freedom of Information Act requests, which is really just like, it's one of those laws that's kind of like the guidelines of the principles of the law are pretty standardized, but there's a lot of detail state to state that differ.
The main one in Connecticut being that if you have a complaint about how a record request is being processed, you don't go to the courts, you go to a Freedom of Information Commission.
But the interesting part, well, the whole thing with UConn, I mean, do you want to explain some of the issues that we've come across?
Do you want to start?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
So.
Just thought of some of the issues was
We had provided a very clear and specific requests.
And one of the issues that people can run into when they make these record requests is that it's too broad.
So you have to help the record custodian identify specific keywords and date ranges to look for.
because they can't just go searching in every single department running all over the school looking for records.
That is a waste of time.
But however, even though we had provided very specific keywords and we had the record custodian asked us to revise our request, which we did, and we're being cooperative to try to help her find the records that we were looking for,
One of the biggest issues was the delay that it took to begin the process of retrieving records.
Yeah, that's taken, and they're still in progress as well.
From May 4th.
Yes, from May 4th 6th, so it's been three months.

[SPEAKER_00]
They've said something, but we'll get to that.

[SPEAKER_01]
Is there anything you cannot request?

[SPEAKER_00]
Lodge.

[SPEAKER_01]
There are certain things that you cannot request such as people's private medical records, student names, and information, which then you would create a FERPA request instead.
But however, we weren't asking for those things and we had been very cooperative trying to work with the record custodian and we were just very puzzled over how long and lengthy the delay was because one of the things that
Freedom of Information Request requires is a prompt response and prompt delivery.
Yes, exactly.
And we had asked for clarification on timeline multiple times to no response.
We asked her to provide a date, which we put a date or time frame that we would be able to expect records by.
And this was, first of all, not only the first date was bypassed more than a month, but following that, when we kept on following up and asking her if we need to provide any other information, if we could expect them by a certain date and what the progress even was, we were kept in the dark, she never responded, so she
Basically ghosted us for almost a month, very nearly a month.

[SPEAKER_00]
At least.
They're not allowed to do that.
They're not allowed to do that, actually.
And she didn't respond for boss.
And it's never given the boss has to respond.
But basically like the reason I said lunch, I mean it wasn't totally a joke.
That's like when I was in the last episode of a public record.
So as like a thing that wouldn't be a public record like would be somebody like writing their lunch order down and handing it on a note to somebody like because that doesn't pertain to the official business of the university or the public institution, whatever it may be.
And official business does not mean that it's
like sanctioned activity necessarily right it could be something that's illegal or against policy but it's still they're acting within their duties like if you're acting as an agent for the the
institution and you create something, it's probably a public record.
And the reason like, in Connecticut, they say that it has to be released promptly.
In Ohio, it says in a reasonable amount of time.
But the reason that the walls are written like that is because there's so many, such a wide array of categories of public records all the way down to like a marriage certificate or a death certificate that you're requesting a copy of, or requesting a copy of a birth certificate.
That's a public record request.
and all the way up to like text messages or emails or contracts, anything.
So like, because there's such a wide variety, they can't just give time tables in the law because some things take a long time to process and some things shouldn't.
So they always say prompt and then reasonable because basically it's like, that's the funny thing about public records.
It's like, you can say, you guys are taking way too long.
And then they're saying, well, we're processing it promptly.
And then you say, well, to me, that's not prompt at all.
And that's why those laws are funny, because you end up having to go to the next.
You have to file a complaint the moment that you both disagree on what prompt means, or you both disagree on what the reasonable amount of time is.
And the interesting thing with this Yukon case, my request has been predominantly, actually, I think entirely focused in the state of Ohio.
And Ohio has very liberal record requests laws, like they're very friendly with the requesters, but so does Connecticut actually.
I think Connecticut actually is.
Except they have this, the weird thing as Phoebe was explaining about the vexatious request as in like, and I actually mentioned this in the original video that like one of the benefits of making record requests is you can just like in Ohio, they have to respond to every record request.
There's no limit on how many you can submit and they're legally obligated to respond to all of them in a reasonable amount of time.
So like in the instance of COVID, I mean I was not only submitting them to get a bunch of useful information, but also just to flood them and make it like add a cost to them even doing that kind of activity.
So like the more emails that are coming out with the word COVID in it, the more time their paralegals are wasting redacting emails, redacting take meaningfully taking out like Phoebe said, student information, private information, attorney client privilege information, right?
Because there's like there's
not like oftentimes will be emails that are partially redacted, but not everything in the emails is something that's considered like an allowable exclusion.
It still falls in the public record.
But UConn has just
like they're clearly not acting within a reasonable time.
The interesting thing is like despite all the record requests in Ohio, like the ones that Phoebe submitted are effectively identical to the format I used in Ohio.
And the funny thing is we actually, I think Tyson and I talked about this in the original video, like,
the making the requests originally, you just asked for something very broad.
You intentionally asked for something broad because you know that they're going to ask you to revise it.
And then that fosters in the conversation of, well, how do you want us to revise it?
Because in reality, all these universities are huge corporations.
So they have a bunch of employees.
And just like any of a bigger corporation, they have a way to go in so the managers can go and look at their employees' email if they need to or HR can.
If there's something that happens.
So they already have systems where they can search through their emails with employees, date range, and keyword.
All of these big universities are going to have that already, right?
So that is how the record custodians use the same software to pull records.
So like knowing that, we know that we can make the request with the keywords, date range, and employees.
And the reason that that is the only way a request for emails should be made is because then every time you make that request, no matter who the record custodian is, they go in and put in those variables to the computer.
The exact same emails are going to come back.
If you just say, I want all emails regarding COVID policy.
Then what happens is the record custodian says, OK, well, what are some keywords that would pull up emails for COVID policy?
And they just randomly make some stuff up and then send you back emails.
But that's like a record request when you're supposed to make it so that the custodian knows what you're asking for.
the point is that you're supposed to ask it for the records in the way that they're stored and accessed is how it's written in Ohio, Kislo, or maintained and accessed.
So how do they organize them?
What process do they go to find them?
And how do they access them?
Is it physical paper in a book that they're literally making copies of?
In the case of emails, and again, going back to this Yukon story, how it's become almost comical, their response,
But like, so we submitted these very broad requests knowing they were going to get asked for revision because that's fun.
And then they asked us to revise by providing keywords.
So we provide, so then we're like, great.
So now they're telling us to do it how we want.
In Ohio, they usually give you trouble because they don't like you asking for all records with the same word.
And then you have to get into a fight about how emails work.
But in Connecticut, they just told us to do it that way.
So we're like, fine.
Let's do it that way.
And then we do it with the keywords.
The next day, the custodian sends an email and says, oh my gosh.
And there was a lot of requests.
But she's like, oh my gosh, there's 13,000 emails.
You're really going to make me sit here and read all of these?
Which isn't what she said, but that's what the email meant.
And then we were like, fine.
And another crazy thing about this is when they
Retrieving the records is like the first step of being a record custodian.
And usually a request is only too broad.
Like the reason usually that a request is too broad is because the record custodian is unable to retrieve the records.
Because what you're asking for is something they can't even source.
Like it would just be like, I want all records that have blue ink on them.
It'd be like, I have no way to retrieve that.
I have no idea how to do that.
You have to revise, so I know what record you're looking for.
But in this case, she was like, I've retrieved every record you asked for, but I need you to revise your request because it's too broad.
And it's like, well, how can it be too broad?
And I remember I sent her an email later, and we were following up with them months later.
Again, not a prompt response.
And I'll let you get into some of the things that happened after that.
But I remember sending an email where I was like,
She put the records, she took our records, she put them on a table in front of us, pointed at them and was like, you can't have these.
And like that's not how public records are supposed to work.

[SPEAKER_01]
Right, exactly, because she had already stated in her response that there were 13,000 responsive emails.
So we know there are 13,000 existing.
And later on, as there was an issue with semantics as well, which was a very elementary to understand.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, another issue, just an issue to raise at the top.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yes, it was an issue that caused delay in the process of requesting records, which later when she had provided us keywords and well actually the request in the exact format that she would use to search, she had apparently resolved the semantic issues by herself.
And we really could have expedited and saved a lot of time had we not needed to
you know, prompt her on elementary things such as semantics of grammar.

[SPEAKER_00]
She was wasting her time, but like she had to basically in between every keyword we wrote and or because we want like COVID and or vaccine and or testing and or masking.
We don't want only emails that have COVID vaccine masking and testing because that's not going to be like any emails at all.
We want any email that has one or any more
Yeah one or any number of keywords.
Yeah, and so it was like with 13,000 the next day She never asked anything about and or she's like there's 13,000 emails No way I'm reading all this you guys are crazy But it was her 17 requests and I've gotten singular requests in Ohio with more than that more than 13,000 emails easily and This was her 17 so it wasn't outrageous They just didn't want to read it and or they don't want to process this that was the original suspicion at this point I really think that they're hiding something but um
But originally, they just didn't want to read it.
So we gave new keywords, and she said she's going to process it again.
But then she said, well, our system doesn't have and or.
You have to choose between and or or, which just led to days of emails.
There's nothing harder than having to talk about and and or.
Because you're saying and, and, or, or, and, and, or, or, and like the emails just make no sense because you're arguing about something that that's obvious.
And, and you know, like a week, two weeks later, it turns out that the whole time if they use or it treats it the same as using and or.
Right but like some search engines we didn't know if you look up Boolean operators which is what those are called and or or like but things like that in search engines.
If you look that up it says like or can sometimes mean and or but not always so I was just asking to clarify and then they were acting like they had no idea and then eventually she's like well.
After she sent us, after she just suddenly started acting like and our work, basically she said, okay, we found the records responsive and it went all the way from 13,000 emails to literally like a hundred emails.
Like somehow she changed something even though it was the exact same request.
And now there's only a hundred responsive emails.
And then like Phoebe had emails that were responsive that she was claiming those record requests didn't even have responsive emails.
So we knew that she was lying because we had emails with the keywords in the date range.
And then she's like, well, I told you guys that and or doesn't work.
And I was like, all right.
So all we want is like every, I was like, we'll send in.
We'll send in like 80 requests and just request one keyword with each one.
If that's how this is going to, if that's how we're going to make it happen.
It's just like, Oh no, you don't have to do that because our search engine treats or as and or.
And I was like, well, that's great.
So just go back to the, so basically when the day after a request when she said there's 13,000, she used or because she knew it was and or, and then just to delay another two, three weeks, they literally just started an argument about and or that they knew it wasn't going to go anywhere.
So it's very odd.
The whole thing's been very odd.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, so the argument over the semantics was caused a huge delay in time, as well as the, quote, unquote, missing records, as she had then written in notes.
No records found at this mailbox, no records found, or this university employee does not have a mailbox.
This person has a mailbox in the university system, which is another
a different issue that needs to be addressed as well.
Yes, first of all, like Ben said, I had possessed records that had all four keywords in them.
So even if she was just searching for one of the keywords, it would have come up.
And that would have voided her statement about there being no records for this specific person.
But nevertheless, the, let's see, we're on issue number four now, aren't we?
Are we on issue number four?
Yeah, I think we're on issue number four.

[SPEAKER_00]
And or five.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
So, okay, first of all is the delay in response time.
The second is the argument over semantics.
The third is the possessing records that they claimed were not available or not found.
And then the fourth one was a searching by mailbox.
Now, so we're on issue number five now.
Searching by mailbox.

[SPEAKER_00]
This one's good.
This is one of the funniest things I've ever seen.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yes.
So in the Connecticut, well actually in the UConn and FOIA Quick Guide themselves, they had said that any sort of communication used for university purposes is subject to... Quick Guide on UConn's website.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yes.
On the website of the records department where you go to make a record request, this is on there.
Okay.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
And we can pull it up because it actually is a great guide.
And we were expecting them to follow this great guide.
But nevertheless, if you use any device, any method of communication that is in regards to university business, it will then be subject to record search because you used it to perform your job.
The issue is that even though we had already asked the record custodian, please make sure that you're searching for all records responsive to our keywords per person.

[SPEAKER_00]
not for a mailbox that they use for their job.
But then there was one person in particular we were requesting about who we knew was using like a general email box to like communicate about COVID.
And we did not only ask to clarify, we did not only clarify saying anybody who's using other boxes for
for their work we want that's included we're we're intending to include those email boxes for requests but we mentioned his specific email box specifically to them like make sure you include this guy's emails from this other email address that he was using that only he's read slash response

[SPEAKER_01]
Yes, yes, which he said himself.
So it's almost like I, as a person, I can have multiple different email inboxes and I can have multiple different, you know, phone numbers or messaging services.
But just because I own one email inbox doesn't mean that my other email inboxes aren't also used to communicate for business purposes.
That's why we've had requested by individual, by employee or a person who is related to a university business instead of just by mailbox.
However, it was misconstrued by the record custodian to say that we were just looking for a specific mailbox.
And this was really disappointing because this was listed in their, again, Yukon Employee Quick Guide.
And it is certainly written in the Connecticut FOIA laws.
So we were quite baffled.

[SPEAKER_00]
And it's a perfect example.
And I mentioned this as a joke in an email to Yukon after the fact about this incident.
I was like a perfect reference for you would be Hillary Clinton, right?
Because if that were not the case, then everybody would just do it like Hillary Clinton and have your own email server in a closet somewhere.
And then you could just conduct anything there that you don't want to be subject to a forward request.
Except actually, her email would have been subject to a forward request.
Had she not?
cleaned it out.
But that's a good example of a reason that you would want that to be part of record law.
So that people can't just do stuff under this table.
And if they do, that's still public record, if anybody finds out about it.
Even if nobody finds out about it, it's technically public record still.
But the thing that was hilarious here is that
The, so this guy that had this other email address, they ended up sending us to like, originally there was supposed to be 13,000 emails.
This employee in particular was in charge of like managing the COVID testing data at like one of the UCONN's campuses, right?
So like, and then the time period we're requesting was, you know, the fall of 2021 when everybody was coming back into class and all the real mandates on campuses were happening all across the country.
Like it was like widespread and the, it was the status quo, right?
And the,
So during this time, you would have expected the most volume of somebody who's dealing directly, running the program to test students.
Of that whole period where they're really busy doing that, this guy only had like 30 to 40 emails.
And it's like the people at the school I went to, they had thousands and thousands and thousands because they're all working from home.
It's just like everybody else.
They're sitting at home and they only talk to their coworkers with email.
That's how they planned all of the COVID stuff.
really 30 to 40 emails.
And the thing is, because we requested in keyword, state, range, and employee, by not sending us everything, they're violating Connecticut law technically.
Or at least they're not following Connecticut FOIA law properly, as in they're withholding excessive amounts of records.
But the really comical part about this employee, the testing program,
is that in the 30 to 40 emails they sent, he has an email where he says, hey, I have this other email box.
And this isn't a direct quote, but I'm very close to summarizing.
He basically says, I have this other email that I use for COVID.
And I'm the only one that reads slash responds to it.
He says, hey,
So basically like Yukon, we requested emails from this guy about COVID policy.
And Yukon had a choice between his email that he used for everything but COVID and his email that he only used for COVID.
And they give us the emails for the email that he uses for everything but COVID.
when we were requesting about COVID.
And then one of those emails was just him saying, I have another email address.
And then after we knew about that email address already, so we already asked for that one specifically.
And so that just adds insult to injury, that one, they ignored that clarification.
And two, of one of the 40 emails that they sent,
They're just admitting that they're not following their own policy on their website, which their website again says, any server you use for your job is public record.
And so then it's like, they're basically saying that this email box, like students at ucon.edu or whatever the box was, I forget, whatever it was called, they're basically saying that this is like its own sovereign entity, right?
You have to make a, no, the email box is the person reading and responding to it.
The whole thing is just, it's unlike anything I've seen making record requests.
I've never seen a school.
I've seen, I've seen record custodians push back because there's too many records and that's understandable in some places, but I've never seen a place just like so intentionally try to delay and just unreasonably delay and act.
And then the more you ask questions about it, the more suspicious they're getting.
And to the point now we filed with the commission, but I mean, they're still like, we're in problem five.
There's a million other problems that happened before that, but
But now it'll be interesting because they're definitely, they're withholding records outside of how they should be.
Let's just keep it at that.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, absolutely.
In fact, while you were talking about that, I had pulled off the employee quick guide as well as the email that we're referencing to.
So let's take a look at.

[SPEAKER_00]
The record request.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yes, this is one of the most bizarre things that we've run into and definitely unprecedented.
But again, so this is what I was talking about with like, as long as you're using a certain device or inbox or method of communication for university purposes,
It is subject to record request.
So this here says any recorded data or information relating to conduct of the public's business prepared, right?
And even the public agency is entitled to receive a copy by law or contract under section 128.
And it doesn't matter how you record this.
It could be handwritten.
It can be type.
It can be tape recorded, printed, photo-stated, photograph, or any other method.
As long as it is for university business purposes, it is supposed to be subject to public records.

[SPEAKER_00]
Go to the FAQ.

[SPEAKER_01]
OK.

[SPEAKER_00]
I think there's a funny one on there.
So yeah, our emails.
Is this it?
I forget the one that I cut for my
email to them, but there's one where they basically are talking about using emails external to like they're describing it exactly, but but actually even further because what really what they're describing is using emails that aren't at uconn.edu.
It's like using a personal email like how if you're conducting business like there is there's many cases like even just at the uconn freedom or Connecticut Freedom of Information Commission I've watched some of their meetings.
Oh yeah, this is I think where I'm looking for
Um, how quickly must the public agency, I think might be.
But anyways, um, like in one of these commission meetings I was watching to like learn about the process there, the, um,
They're talking about like this basically like somebody and the police at this police department brought like a handwritten like complaint about the chief of police and it led to some lawsuit and he got fired really fast.
And like there's this big argument about this like handwritten note about how it's like a personal note.
It wasn't meant to be like part of like work.
But because it was used in the capacity for a public agency, they released it and they always released things at least in Ohio and turns out in Connecticut too.
And most places with good public record law, they're always going to lean towards releasing something like air on the side of transparency.
But the
But yeah, basically everything on this, on their, on Yukon's website describing the process has not been true whatsoever with the requests that we've made.
And, and to the, like some of the other, those requests that she denied, like the ones where Phoebe has an email, but then they say, there's no response of emails to this request when we're holding an email that's responsive to the request.
Another thing that happened was one of Yukon's trustees ended up on the request, and they said for the trustee, well, the trustees don't get Yukon emails, so we can't give you their emails.
Again, I'll have to find this clip, but I'll look for it when you're talking to me.
It's irrelevant.
Like the trustees of anybody at a university who should definitely be held to public record wall, it's the trustees because they're considered the decision making body of the institution.
So like for Yukon to say,
are trustees emails that they're sending, conducting official university business aren't public record because you can't initiate them in the email.
Well, that's just not an acceptable answer.
Like most schools like at University of Cincinnati, the trustees get issued university emails.
They don't use them very much, but none of the like highest level executives really use email.
But now like,
After they've said that, we followed up with requests from more trustees because they're going to have to go to those trustees, whatever email they do use when acting as an agent of UConn is now subject to public records.
And I mean, that kind of stuff is important.
Like you have to like, if a record custodian says something like that to you, you, it is appropriate to double down.
And again, not, not to be vexations and like Connecticut, you can't be making record requests just to cause a nuisance.
But.
The thing with the problem with UConn has been our requests were detailed and targeted and looking for specific information.
But generally with record requests, once you get stuff coming in, you're going to submit follow up requests because they've waited over 90 days to send us anything.
We don't have time to wait.
And if they're going to say that the.
trustees just aren't subject to it like well then fine well I'm waiting for you to figure out the first trustee you there's two other trustees that were highly involved with this as well so all of them are going to have to turn over their emails and again like
It sounds overreaching to read somebody's personal email, but it's a lot of responsibility to be an agent of a state institution like that.
And it comes with a lot of notoriety, right?
And these people are doing it because of the connections that they have and that will help them make.
and to give, you know, because they like the institution, but that's why it's just unacceptable for somebody in that position with that responsibility of the taxpayers money, that level of responsibility to just be able to just skate around public record wall.
Like that's, it's part of the, it's part of the job.
So it'll be interesting to see how they, how they deal with that.
I don't think very honestly is my expectation.

[SPEAKER_01]
I agree.
And to add on to what you said, because each one of us students that were, you know, enrolled at the time of COVID, you know, technically this affected all of us.
So it's, this is something that we, you know, were
involved in, although, you know, the decision was left up to the administration.
We did provide our taxpayer dollars, just like you said.
And we had, you know, looked up to them for them to ask in their best interest for students and for them to take responsibility of the situation.
So thus, you know,
if acting in good faith, there's no problem to be transparent.
But due to the nature of, you know, five and counting issues that have occurred so far, we're very perplexed at how the University of Connecticut is acting towards this request.
And in fact, I'll point towards this specific returned record,
that we were talking about earlier.
See for my children, this is the record that was returned to us as you can see here is a redaction made by the record custodian.

[SPEAKER_00]
So that's probably a student's name that's under that black box.
That's a good example of like a FERPA redaction.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, yeah.
So that would be a verbal reduction.
But this employee tells the student that they can reach them on this other email address, which is preferred since I can keep track of who is contacting me regularly regarding mandatory COVID testing.
And he says that he adds this email address to the thread and that he is the only one that reads and responds to those emails.
The issue is when we received the records for this employee, his other email inbox, was it included in the records that we got back?

[SPEAKER_00]
this pretended like it didn't exist.
That's the funny part.
This email is a standalone, I mean, for public records standpoint, it seems sketchy that he's talking about having another email address.
But he actually wasn't actually, he's not trying to hide it.
He's telling people, like you can see here back then, he's telling people this is his email address.
But now UConn is acting like it doesn't exist.
They're acting like, well, it's, you know,
It's not, it doesn't have a person's name.
It's, it's, it's Yukon students at Yukon.edu or whatever.
I don't remember what the email box is, but it's something like that.
Just some general lists serve email box and then Yukon's over here acting like, um, well,
I mean, who knows who could be in charge of that email.
So you requested for employees, not for an email box.
It's like, no, it says, this man says this is his other email address and that he's the only one that reads slash response to those emails.
Like you couldn't be more clear that we request and for the fact that we mentioned before this months before they sent us anything that with this request in particular, we wanted the emails from this other email box that we already knew about.
So like that, along with the fact that they included this in the responsive records, is one of the most insane things I've ever seen in a record request.
Because it's just, you're just, they're outright defying the law, not only the law in Connecticut, but the actual like interpretation of the law on their public records webpage.
So then all of that comes in like, the question now is like, is Yukon
just not great at public record processing, which I highly doubt because I've always seen that universities are far more capable and have far better and faster results than most other public institutions will.
Or is UConn trying to hide things?
And there's been
basically the craziest development, I'll give it back to you, Phoebe, but the craziest development is basically that the head of Yukon's general council effectively told us that they're hiding records.

[SPEAKER_01]
So let me screen share to a different section.
All right, when may a public agency refuse to release requested records, which is a question that Mila had asked earlier, but unfortunately she had to step off.
But here it says that there are certain categories of documents except from disclosure and those documents that, let's say,
Yeah, so there must be a legal, specific legal reason to justify the non-disclosure of requested information.
However, when we contacted after escalating our case due to not being able to
contact the record custodian for a month.
We had to escalate our case and the head of general counsel responded to our email and says that, you know, the reason why it's taken such a long time for us to provide records to you is because out of these potential
responsive records, we have to then identify the exact responsive records.
But that is a logical fallacy because as long as you type in the keywords that we provided and there is an email that pops up, then that is called responsive.
It responded to your request.
So there is no such thing as potential.

[SPEAKER_00]
and the worst thing is like she didn't even try to put up like it's like the whole time and so full circle like now we've submitted a complaint to the commission and like I was saying earlier because I've done a bunch of requests in Ohio that are very exact same format right and the whole thing in Connecticut is like they have to respond prompt
But that's the problem.
Prompt has no definition for a specific record request.
So it's an argument between the two parties.
This is prompt or it's not prompt.
Once you disagree, that's when you have to go to the court or to the commission or whatever it is in your state.
But in this case, it's like, I have all of these requests I've done at other schools in wide sizes, like I said, requests bigger than you guys on request smaller.
And I just, so I can go in and say, well, Ohio State, you know, they have
40% more students, but the same number of employees in their records department, right?
So they have more requests than you do per employee.
But they're pumping my requests out far faster than you guys are.
So clearly you're not acting promptly.
And UConn publishes all the requests that they get.
They're not getting excessive amounts of requests.
We made these in the summer.
It's not a busy season for them.
So they're not being prompt, right?
So they're, in my opinion, and I think in an objective way, we can kind of prove that they're not being prompt from my other experience of requests.
So the interesting thing is like their attorney, the crazy thing is like the head of their general counsel who responded, he's like the attorney representing the University of Connecticut.
said some of the craziest things I've ever seen an attorney at a university say just like I've never I could I would never imagine even getting an email from general counsel because they're so cautious but to get one that's effectively just outlining like
abuse of the record law is insane to me that that even happened but basically like to make the whole thing short we submitted our very very broad request and then we revised this keywords and then their record custodian said cool the keywords are fine there's a bunch of records i'm going to start processing them and then we just didn't get a response for a while right she never said okay but anyways let me get back to that so then she was processing we just never got a response we brought it up the general council finally gives us a response saying
Well, the way the process works, as we explained to you, she's like, I read your communications with their records department.
And we just asked for keywords to help clarify your request so that the keywords find, like Phoebe was saying, potentially responsive records.
And then we go through, then carefully review the records to make sure they are actually responsive.
And then we make redactions and then we send them to you.
So it's like,
One, that's not how they explained it, and that's not how the record custodian understood it.
Like I told General Counsel in a follow up, like I was like, in order for that to be true, you have to be able to travel time and change what your record custodians are thinking in their heads.
Because she said like the 13,000 emails, she called them responsive records.

[SPEAKER_01]
Not potentially responsive records.

[SPEAKER_00]
And with the keywords, she didn't say ever that the keywords were to clarify the request, and then we submitted them as new requests in a new email chain, calling them revised record requests, implying our original requests are now void.
And then she referred to them as revised record requests for like a month.
And then all of a sudden, two, three months later, the head of their general counsel is here saying, well,
Well, no, we put the keywords in and then we look at the emails.
And if there's emails, and again, this is a dramatic, I'm being dramatic about what's happened here, but this is what is actually happening.
So they're like, we put the keywords in, we get the emails out, and then we carefully, we put all of the attorneys that the state of Connecticut is paying for to represent UConn.
We waste all of their time to pick through these employees' emails and make sure there's nothing in there that we wouldn't want those people to see.
And then, well, after we've cleaned everything up, that's what's responsive.
And it's like, no, that's why you asked for keywords.
That's why we gave you keywords.
Because that way, we don't have to argue about what's responsive because it's objective.
If it has a keyword, it's in the date range, it's for the employee, it's a responsive record.
That's why you do it that way so that they can't go in and be like, that email doesn't look good.
But if you think about it this way, it's not really actually responsive to the request.
We just didn't understand what they were looking for.
But in this case, they can't do that.
And that made them really mad after they figured that out, even though it's literally their suggestion to use keywords.
The whole thing is crazy.
I've never seen anything like it.
But for their general counsel to come out and say, to try to craft up this thing after saying she read it,
It's not we're not even exaggerating like the amount of times that their record study multiple multiple emails confirming This is how we're processing at this hour doing it.
This is what you should expect and then one email from the general council saying well No, that's that and that's why they were sending us things after it went from 13,000 emails to a hundred emails
So there's like, where are the other 12,900 emails at and what's in there that you don't want us to see?
So like, that's what, now all of this is like making me think, after we get to the commission and they order Yukon to release these emails, there could be some very interesting stuff in there.
I mean, it almost seems like I've never seen a school that I've actually thought is trying to hide something.
I've seen slow schools, but never this.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, absolutely.
And as these issues have come up over time, especially with the missing records, which I have, but they have not come forward to release to us, we aren't certain that they are being transparent about the processes and the records that they have.
And if they aren't willing to be transparent, then
unfortunately then we have to go to a third party to ensure that there is transfer and communication and that the whole process is being done in a proper manner.
So in Connecticut there is a specific commission which takes care of these things when two parties have a disagreement over the records released or where you know processing time or any of the
Anything involved in the process, if you believe that it was not done correctly, you can file a complaint with the commission.
And they will then step in as a third party to review
review the process, review both sides as well as they have tools and methods to ensure that records that are responsive are released in a transparent manner and that the party isn't hiding anything or misconstruing anything.
I know over in Ohio it's slightly different, actually it's very different.

[SPEAKER_00]
it's assumed in Ohio, which is actually so like in Ohio, it's not assumed there's a simplified process, but it's processed by a judge at the courthouse.
So it's not a commission.
The commission in Connecticut is almost like an executive commission of an executive appointees with certain term lengths.
It's like an independent body.
Now, if the commission, if you don't like what the commission has to say, then you go to the courts and you're actually
taking it against the commission, not against the institution itself, I believe, so the court can overturn the commission's decision.
But you're technically suing the commission.
And the commission will defend its decision.
See, that's the scary part.
It's like, if the commission rules against you, they have a whole team of attorneys that will go to court and argue why they're right, which it's scary to have this executive board.
Because in Ohio, the court system is slow and relatively costly.
And hard to navigate without an attorney, but the it has the same process like of, you know, the same process any other lawsuit would follow where if, you know, there's appeals process, right?
So it's like.
Sure, maybe I don't have total faith in it, but at least I know it's not just one person making like a grand decision and that they can just hide whatever they want.
Now, the commissioner is really worried about that until we start watching videos of their hearings.
And I actually found that I think they're actually very much committed to being transparent.
They make a lot of great arguments and their attorneys oftentimes
will argue against the institutions, like you could file a complaint against an institution and their attorneys will go and argue against to the commission why the institution is wrong and why they should release the records, which I think is really cool.
I actually really like how they do it there now, and we'll see if they can actually help us.
But I think it'll be very interesting because the thing they could do is
Every email that UConn, and this was one of the things Phoebe was screen sharing earlier on their website, which is that like anytime they redact information in an email or they totally withhold an email, they have to have a legal reason to be able to do that.
So they don't have to show you the content they're withholding obviously, but they have to tell you why they're withholding it.
So like it's because it's FERPA or student information, because it's attorney client privilege, because of this exclusion or this exclusion or that exclusion.
but the thing that they're trying to get all crafty with at UConn and horribly done, they're horribly trying to get crafty with it.
I think what they're trying to set up is basically like, well, the key words, you had your broad request and then we asked for the key words to help point us in the right direction towards what you want.
And those are potentially responsive.
So then what we go through and look for what's actually responsive.
But the pile of emails, so you have the potentially responsive emails, and then you have the actually responsive emails.
So the ones that were potentially responsive but not actually responsive, those emails, they don't have to explain why they're withholding them or why they're redacting them.
They have no legal obligation to explain any redactions or withholding reasons.
because those weren't even responsive in the first place.
You only have to explain a redaction if the email was responsive, right?
So it's like, one of your responsive emails has a FERPA redaction, and that's why there's a black bar in this email.
It's like, well, no, they're not gonna, so like, they're just like finding this loophole that, well, they're just making up a loophole that doesn't exist, and there's not even a place for that loophole.
It's not even something that somebody could reasonably fathom to be true, but they're basically just being like, well,
It's not withholding.
They're just not responsive.

[SPEAKER_01]
The issue is that this is a non-existent loophole, because when we asked the record custodian very early on.

[SPEAKER_00]
It's a really nervous attorney at Yukon.
That's what that is.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, exactly.
We're quite perplexed at the reaction and the responses that we're getting, but this is a non-existent loophole that she is trying to create pretty much like a
because when we had asked very on early in April that you know these are the keywords you know can you please we asked the record custodian these are the keywords can you please go look for these records so you had responded with their over 13,000 responsive records
So like Ben said, unless we can go back and time travel and change what people say, then the matter of fact is that record custodian back in April found 13,000 responsive emails.
And what you say to follow up with attorney general says to follow up clearly has been already proven wrong by history.

[SPEAKER_00]
I think like it would be frequent that a lot of these tricks would probably work on many students just making a casual request for records.
But the issue here is that both of us like to rabbit hole and me in particular into this topic.
So now like because of how they've acted we've had just excessive time to look into Connecticut's laws.
But at the Freedom of Information Commission, one of the things they can do is what's an in-camera review of anything that's redacted or withheld.
So when we bring this to the commission, I'm going to say for those 17,900 emails that are quote unquote potentially responsive but not responsive, well, you guys are withholding those because I requested them and you're not releasing them.
So you have to give a legal reason why you're withholding them.
And if you're not, so then like, they can just say, okay, well, they're all of this reason, but that's fine.
But the commission, one of the services they offer to citizens making requests, and again, you can be anybody.
We were, our pseudonym was a fictional character based off of their mascot.
So like we weren't, they didn't even, weren't even certain that we were human and they were responding to requests.
So anybody can make a request.
I think most states are like that.
But in Connecticut's case, the commission will say, OK, well, Yukon, you give us all the emails that you're withholding and redacting.
And the commissioners get to look at all of them and say, yeah, that's a legitimate withholding reason.
Or that's no, you guys are just withholding that because you don't want it out, which isn't acceptable.
So if they're withholding 17,000 emails, then there's no way the commission's going to go through that.
The commission's going to be like, we're not wasting our time.
Check, looking through 17,000 emails, most of which we know aren't legally redacted.
So you guys just release all of them is what I would imagine, how I imagine they would interpret that, right?
Like, it's cool that Connecticut, I really like that part in particular, that they'll review the emails that are redacted, because I've had emails from UC, University of Cincinnati, where I got an email from one of the record studies of the redaction, and I could tell from how the email was written.
That they said it was attorney client privilege and I could tell that that it wouldn't have qualified for that redaction because it was I could tell from the tone of the rest of the email that it was just some doctor spewing a legal opinion, which is not attorney client privilege.
And then I did my favorite record study at UC, then like months later in a different request, the same email just happened to pop up.
and he sent it to me unredacted.
So then I had the same email, what was the redaction one without?
And it was proof that their redaction was bad.
And I actually told them, I responded to them when I got it, I was like, this redaction is bad.
And they're like, no, no, no, it's fine.
But then the same department sent it unredacted to me like two months later.
So I really like that Connecticut will go in and check the redactions because even if they're not being malicious, oftentimes like a record study was just like,
not being careful enough with with their use of redactions or the redaction thing because it's uncomfortable, but not because it's actually excluded.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, exactly.
So this is a photo of the Connecticut freedom of information act.
And this is because we went through so such a long process with this record, we had, you know, we ourselves had to resort to reading the law.
and identifying things that the record custodian should have known as part of her job.
But this is just pertaining to my state and our Freedom of Information Act laws.
So each state has a different set of laws with different uniquenesses.
There's a lot of similarities, but there are unique points.
And in here it goes through, such as just what Ben, you mentioned that your identity doesn't need to be disclosed in order to make a record request.
So you could act as your own student name.
You could act as a parent.
You can act as an alien.
You can create a fictional character.
You could take the name of your favorite basketball player and then request a record.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, but in any sense

[SPEAKER_01]
What I'm trying to say is that your identity does not need to be disclosed in order to make a public record request because the purpose of a record request is transparency, not pitting one person against the other.
It's simply just to see what has been recorded as a record in the process of business operations.
So that's one of the things that, you know, the record law goes over, as well as many of the other things that we covered and uncovered that Yukon was not doing as, as supposed to.
As a student, whichever state you reside in, this would be an excellent place to look up, starting by searching your state and FOIA, FOIA law.
And then you can see everything that relates to your state.
And then going to your school website, you can search school name and then public records or school name, Freedom of Information Act.
And maybe nice that they have a website.
You know, like you kind of just have a website dedicated to it.
If not, if you can still request records if it's a public school.
You just have to do a little bit of rapid holding on Google or on DuckDuckGo, whatever search engine that you use to search your school name and then public records and contact the records department.
The other thing is with private schools, even though it's not a public agency, if they had any business
business operations with a public agency, you can request records from the public agency side in regards to the private school.
Correct me if I'm wrong on that, Ben.

[SPEAKER_00]
No, yeah.
I mean, I got, like, and since then, there's Xavier University, and their emails shut up all the time in mine.
And they say among, they say some of the dumbest things about coming because they just, they're, they're living their life thinking that public records aren't a thing.
And that's the thing, like, at least in Ohio, the executives of Ohio's colleges and universities, despite
how insanely high their pay is.
Well, again, UConn actually, their president makes a third less than University of Cincinnati, which is not even nearly as prestigious as school.
Ohio's known for fat spending on education.
But despite that, despite their high pay, none of the executives at the very high level, the president's most presidents and like executive VP, they do not check their, they don't use their email.
Everything is a phone call.
Like they're in a mafia or something, you know, like,
like they don't write anything down you know there's no public record to associate anything with their decisions and it's funny because like you see the COVID response team you know they would always be talking about like their call with the president and like everybody on the COVID response team again during COVID everything was coming out in email because everybody was working from home so like the thing is like public employees when they're
trained, they tell them that everything they do is public record.
So, like, there's no reason that we shouldn't be looking at what they're doing.
But the fact that it is insane how, like, with such a serious topic, how careless they acted around it.
And I think public records, again, they serve a lot of purposes.
One, like, it's like record, like, literally record keeping, like, historical
taking account of the time for future generations to look back and see, that granular level of detail is important, how things are actually operating.
Because if you don't request it, eventually the institution will destroy the records, because after a certain amount of time, records expire.
So if you don't request it and pull it out, they can be gone forever.
That's one reason.
Another reason is to
Like at this point, it would be mostly for like that, except Yukon was still kind of doing code stuff until recently.
But the other thing is like you're putting pressure on them.
You could, you can use it to put pressure on them about whatever you're requesting.
You could use it that way because like there, if people know that they're being watched, they're more likely to be above board, to be, you know, to not be acting maliciously.
If they know that somebody's actively looking at their work, they're going to stay within guidelines.
But in COVID, since they were just throwing all the guidelines out the window and throwing all the rules and standards out the window and just making up powers as they go along, that was the thing that when I started putting record requests in my school, they didn't stop talking about it.
They were just a lot more careful and paranoid about it.
But either way, it makes them less effective.
It either makes them do less bad things or makes it harder for them to do bad things.
And either way, that's a good thing.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
So there's a lot more nuances to record requesting, including how to find the records that you're looking for when some of the head administration would only take phone calls.
because they're aware that anything that is written is subject to record retrieval, but there are methods such as instead of requesting just for the head administration but to request further down the line of employee hierarchy to request their secretary emails because obviously you have to find
not just the person who created the order, but also the person who carried out the order.
You can go down the hierarchy to find records that you are interested in learning about.

[SPEAKER_00]
But secretaries, you know, you can't blame them.
I, and I had a rule that you see, I would, I would generally speaking not request records from anybody that made less than $100,000 a year because that's too much to put up with at that point.
You know, if you're making six, seven, 800,000, you have no excuse because like that's an, that's an insane amount of responsibility put on you by the state.
Like if that was your pay in the private sector, your life would be 10 times as stressful and you'd be held far higher standards.
So it's like, you don't want to never feel bad about reading somebody's email that's acting in the,
their capacity as a public agent because that's part of what they're being compensated for.
And if they don't like being at that level of transparency then they're in the wrong field.
But the secretary thing, you know, they often break my rule.
The thing with the secretaries is like,
the secretaries don't realize what the, you know, they don't differentiate between the malicious activities and the standard activities, especially during COVID, right?
It's like the university since then, for example, in COVID, it's kind of actively violating a state law that had recently been passed trying to prevent all this.
They were kind of just like pretending like it didn't exist.
And like there's this open, like secretaries will just say stuff openly like, oh yeah, president's talking about this on this day to this person, like not realizing that it's something the president would never say on the phone.
So it's like,
Always go after because they're they're focused purely on like an organizational level so so go after that kind of stuff look for the calendars look for the meetings because it's like the secretary stuff that will then be like Oh, well these people are involved with that.
I didn't even know they were involved So I'm gonna request their emails now like that's the thing once you emails are chains So you get one email and then you'll all of a sudden you're
getting connected to a school in a different state or like a state department in your state that's outside the education system or all these random employees and even private institutions like special interest groups, all of these get all intertwined and you start building this web after your first request to figure out how to target for your next ones.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, and I like that point, Ben, when you said that, you know, don't be afraid to make these requests because we're getting the one, we're receiving the service right from these public agents.
We're receiving the service.
And frankly, we did pay for the service, not just through tax dollars, but specifically in higher education, we paid our tuition.
So we want to ensure that they are providing students with good service and that they are being transparent while doing this.
So I like to say anything that is innocent will be proven innocent, and anything guilty will be found guilty.
So there is no
You know fear that you should be taking when making these record requests because at the end of the day you're you're the person who is receiving the services you should be able to know what goes on.
You know, behind the scenes, yeah, in a general sense, there's nuances, right?
There is certain redactions that need to make, but if it's not, you know, things that legally need to be withheld, then, you know, as part of the organization is part of the community,
We should all work together to ensure transparency and make sure that we're really, you know, promoting academic excellence.

[SPEAKER_00]
That's a perfect place to leave it off.

[SPEAKER_01]
All right.
We'll pick it up next time as this is still a process in process.
Is there anything else that we should add?

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, that was the impromptu topic for the night.
It's the guest coming on the next show, do you know?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yes, so with Dr. Huang, we're a little sad that he couldn't make it tonight, unfortunately, but we will be rescheduling him for a later date.
Stay tuned and watch out on the viewers that have social channels for when Dr. Huang is available to come on and talk to us.
Tell us what has been going on in the state of California regarding medical censorship and cancel culture.

[SPEAKER_00]
He'll be on before we get any emails, that's for sure.

[SPEAKER_01]
That's a good way to put it.
Yeah, at the speed of this process.
Yeah, thank you so much for joining us tonight.
And if you did find this episode helpful, please give us a thumbs up.
You can leave a comment and share with friends and family so that they can be in the know as well.
Thanks for watching.
We also have College Life Edition.
And we hope to see you again in two weeks.
