[UNKNOWN]
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_02]
a new religion Somebody's selling a lie Somebody wants all this strife and division It's driving us out of our minds They're telling the world not to trust their own eyes They're telling the people
Keeping the truth for their power and gain Taking whatever we've got Some of you eat all the lies you've been fed Some of you just go along
Training acceptance inside of your head To give them whatever they want Leaving your brothers and sisters behind You told it's the best thing to do
Shutting out friends, cause you're told that's what's right Now they win, because all of us lose And it's so sad Watching these times as they change
been violent and strange as they lock us in the doors in the prison of this silent war.

[UNKNOWN]
Someone is trying to sell you the cure

[SPEAKER_02]
And they'll try to convince you and make you feel sure But hey, there ain't no guarantees They covered your mouth and they've tied back your hands They did it to all of the kids
Nobody knows all the damage that's gone They won't ask until the master permits And it's so sad Watching these times as they change And it's so
The battle's been violent and strange We all shout behind the doors In the prison of this silent war So take back your freedom and fight for your life Stand up for it
Take back your freedom and fight for your life Stand up before it's all gone Cause it's so
Watching these times as they change And it's so bad The battle's been violent and strange We can't let them take more We can't let them win this island
So take back what is yours.
Do not let them win this solid war.

[SPEAKER_05]
Tonight on BSRF Live, Steve Kirsch is joined by bestselling author and editor in chief of the Florida Standard, Will Witt, to discuss his new book, Do Not Comply, taking back power from America's corrupt elite.

[SPEAKER_06]
What has gone wrong in America?
I understand that we know the scientific facts, we know the information, we know the plan, but why does it seem like things here in America, around the world, they continue to get worse?
It's because America has turned away from truth, and we've turned away from God.
And I understand that people are going to call us all sorts of things.
They say terrible things about me every single day.
But I'm a big fan of unpopular opinions.
I love unpopular opinions.
Because unpopular opinions are the ideas that made America.
Think about the founding fathers, this handful of men who came and said, we have this radical idea to get away from the British Empire.
They would be censored on Twitter nowadays if they were around.
But they had this radical idea, and they made the Constitution, the Declaration of Independence, and they did it despite what everyone else said.
You have to be fine with being hated for the things that you believe.
God did not say that we are going to have an easy life.
He said that He gives you the strength to take on all the difficulties that we have.
So when we have the facts and we have the information, none of this matters if we don't actually go out of our way to present the truth to other people and fight back.
Winston Churchill said courage is the most important virtue because all the other virtues rely on it.
This is the time now more than ever for us to be brave, for us to fight back and push for everything that we believe in.
God bless you guys, God bless America, and God bless freedom around the world.

[SPEAKER_05]
And now here's your host, Lisa Leahy.

[SPEAKER_13]
Hello, I'm Lisa Leahy and welcome to VSRF Live.
We are excited tonight to have special guest Will Witt join us.
That was Will that you just saw speaking at our Defeat the Mandates rally in Washington DC in January of 2022.
Will is the editor in chief of the Florida Standard, as well as a national bestselling author.
He currently has a new book out, it's called Do Not Comply, and we're looking forward to hearing more about it tonight.
First up, I want to bring our own Nurse Angela on with me right away.
Everyone knows Angela.
She is working relentlessly and tirelessly to help the vaccine injured.
And if you have a question for her, please email her at nurseangela.vaxsafety.org.
And so maybe Angela's not coming or is coming.
There she is.
Hi, Angela.
So good to see you, Lisa.
You too.
It was so fun seeing you in person.
What was it like almost two weeks ago?
Yes.
We protested Anthony Fauci here in Silicon Valley with Steve as well.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah.
And Hillary, we have all of our local California team here with us.
It was incredible.

[SPEAKER_13]
And Mila.
And Mila.
So let's just get right to it.
So Mila is our special guest as well tonight.
She is a remarkable young activist and she has been hosting our VSRF Live College Edition.
She was at the Anthony Fauci protest and we welcome.
There you are.
Hi, Mila.
Welcome to the show.
I, instead of me telling your story and your bio, I'd like to hear it from you.
So tell us a little bit about how you found VSRF, what happened to you during COVID, and how you're doing now.
All right.

[SPEAKER_07]
So at the start of COVID, when it looks like Mila might be frozen while we're getting her back, I can tell you why Mila is... Oh, I think she's trying to...

[SPEAKER_13]
She wasn't frozen for me, Angela.
I don't know if Livio... All right.
Well, no news from backstage.
So let Mila go ahead and see if...
I can see and hear her fine.
Give it a go, Mila.

[SPEAKER_09]
All right.
So could you, at the start of COVID when the mandates were becoming very popular in our institutions, they imposed a mandate at a couple of my colleges that I was attending at the time and at work.
I was working at a hospital that if I did not receive the vaccine, I would be kicked out of school and fired from work.
Due to all the extreme pressure I was coerced into receiving the vaccine, I got it on 9-11-2021.
I got the Pfizer vaccine because that was the only safe vaccine or safe considered vaccine for minors at the time.
I was 16.
So I got the vaccine and as soon as it was injected into me,
waited about 30 seconds and I immediately passed out.
Next thing I knew, I woke up, I was on the floor surrounded by the EMT team, the paramedics took me to the hospital, the ER.
But they refused to test to see if anything was wrong because they immediately assumed I was an anti-vaxxer and just making it all up for attention.
So I got no tests done in the ER.
And following that, I started developing grand mal seizures.
I got paralyzed for a good amount of time.
I have several autoimmune
disorders and neurological disorders, brain damage.
I had a cytokine storm that caused damage to multiple organ systems.
So a lot of medical conditions following that, they told me I wouldn't make it and yet I persisted.
They refused to treat me actually for around six months at any hospital in the Bay area in California.
Unbelievable.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_13]
And now do doctors, physicians that you meet with, has the tide turned?
Are they admitting now that you were vaccine injured or is that still?

[SPEAKER_09]
Here in my area?
No, they are not.
There has been a, um, a bill passed in California that, um, it makes the,
If you treat a vaccine-injured person, it falls under COVID misinformation, which falls under medical misconduct.
So we have doctors getting their licenses taken.
That's what happened to the only one in California that treated me.
And now I have to move because I can't continue my treatment.

[SPEAKER_13]
Wow.
So I know you were in a wheelchair for a while, but you're not anymore because you looked amazing and healthy and vibrant at the Fauci protest rally.
So tell us like, when were you able to, how long were you in a wheelchair and when and when and how were you able to let it go?

[SPEAKER_09]
I was in a wheelchair for probably about half a year.
I don't remember.
It's very blurry for me due to all of my
um, brain conditions at the time.
I have, um, just recently gotten the okay to start working out again.
I had to relearn how to walk, how to, how to run, how to jump.
It's been quite a rehabilitation process.
And yet now I'm here.

[SPEAKER_13]
Your story is so amazing too, because you are, you are a medical school student studying medicine.
And which is great because you'll be one of the ones who will go in and change.

[SPEAKER_09]
absolutely yes it's very difficult going to medical school when none of the students or professors believe what happened to you i was perfectly healthy doing triathlons before i got sick so going from that to paralyzed you'd think something's wrong wow and how did you find your way to us to to angela to vsrf how did that happen i had a couple
lovely ladies that contacted my mother who was being very vocal about what happened to me at the time.
They led me to nurse Angela who directed me to my first interview through the VSRF and now I'm happy to be on a part of the team.

[SPEAKER_13]
And we're so happy to have you Mila.
You really are a remarkable person and an activist now and we need you.
Before we bring on Steve, I want to show our audience a video clip of your speech at the Fauci protest rally.
So let's keep that one up.

[SPEAKER_08]
Hi, everyone.
My name is Mila Radetic and I am standing up here for all of the vaccine injured.
I was cursed and forced by my school to get the vaccine in order to continue my classes or I would be expelled.
Several different ones.
After receiving the vaccine, within minutes, I was on the floor surrounded by the EMT team and transported to the nearest emergency room.
Following that, I started having seizures, grand mal seizures.
I was paralyzed.
Let me tell you, I had no history of any of these medical conditions in my family or prior to the vaccine at all.
This vaccine disrupted my entire life.
I was doing triathlons before.
I was in the best shape of my life.
And the next thing I know, I wasn't able to move from the waist down.
I had nerve degeneration.
I got brain damage.
I wasn't able to speak to write.
I wasn't able to do anything for the longest time.
And they told me I was a terminal case.
They told me I would not make it.
And they refused to treat me in all of California, in the hospitals,
the Bay Area.
They are taking our doctor's licenses away.
Treating vaccine injury falls underneath medical misconduct due to COVID misinformation.
This needs to be addressed.
It's going underneath the radar.
All of you guys need to pay attention to what is passing in the policies and bills in California.
Also, don't you dare neglect all the people that were harmed by the vaccine.
with anything, any metal condition, any food, there are risks and you must acknowledge those.

[SPEAKER_09]
Thank you, Mila.

[SPEAKER_07]
Hi, it just gives me chills seeing Mila up there because she is so fierce and so brave.
And when we were at that event, she wasn't planning on speaking.
She came and whispered in my ear saying, you know, do you think it's okay, Angela?
Would it be okay if I spoke?
And without even asking Alex, who was organizing this, I said, absolutely, you can have half of my time.
And I could not be more proud of her.
And one of the reasons why Mila is so special to our team here at VSRF is she really encompasses the reasons why we founded VSRF.
She, you know, from being forced to get this vaccine for school, to being severely injured, to being gaslit by the medical community, to finding a doctor who saved her.
And then that doctor actually lost his practice here in California due to the draconian measures, to her having to move out of California to get care, to get adequate medical care.
She is why we do what we do and why we continue to fight and
You know, she's just so special.
And I'm so proud of you, Mila.
I can't wait to see what the future holds for you.
And, you know, I'm just so grateful.
And I don't know if Steve knows this, but one of one of the medications that's on part of her cocktail that has gotten her out of the wheelchair is a medication that Steve actually funded.
for COVID research and prove to be effective.
And if only the doctors would do the type of medical research and scientific research that Steve did, we could potentially get so many more people better.
And it happens to be one of the medications that is actually healing the vaccine injured by lowering inflammation.
So it's amazing.

[SPEAKER_13]
Fluvoxamine.

[SPEAKER_07]
Fluvoxamine.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah.
Wow.
That's fantastic.
And do you still take a low dose of it, Mila?
Yes, I am.
Wow, still helping you.
That's fantastic.
Well, Steve wasn't, I mean, I have to say, Steve, your speech was great at the Fauci protest, but I do think
No offense, but I think Mila had the best speech of the night.
I really do.
It was so clear and to the point and impactful.

[SPEAKER_07]
The other, the other thing too, that was so amazing about it is, you know, when I tell people, when I come on these shows that we are seeing people get better, I mean it.
I don't, I don't sugar coat anything.
I don't tell things that are not true.
And Mila is just a perfect example.
of somebody who was severely severely injured, you know, paralyzed, seizing.
I actually remember being on a call with her a while back where she actually ended up having seizures later on that day.
And, you know, she's one of the ones that has continued to get better.
And so when I give people hope that it can happen, healing can happen, she's a beautiful example of that.

[SPEAKER_13]
So.
Absolutely.
And we're so happy.
So we will bring you back for Q&A, Mila.
And I'll remind our audience to put your questions in the chat, either for Steve or our guest, Will, or for Mila.
And we'll have them all back for the live Q&A after the interview.
Did you want to say something about the student?
It's a student resolution?

[SPEAKER_09]
Yes.
So there is a new declaration created by three students.
Lauren Palmer, Ila Stoner, and Nadia Ghazal.
And it is to encourage dialogue on campuses when free speech has basically been taken away from us when a new main mandate comes around.
So just take a look at that.

[SPEAKER_13]
Fantastic.
Wonderful.
We'll put a link in the chat.
That's great, Mila.
All right, well, we'll see you back for Q&A.
And Angela, thank you so much for sharing.
You always have such warm, heartfelt insights about your vaccine-injured friends, and thank you for helping Mila as well.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yes, thank you, Angela.

[SPEAKER_13]
All right, see you back for Q&A.
Steve, you're going to do a Twitter shadow ban
test poll, correct?
How does it work?

[SPEAKER_14]
Yes.
So here's the deal.
So for everybody listening to this, who was on Twitter, I'm going to do a test tweet in about 30 seconds from now or so.
And so what I want you to do, I want everybody who follows me on Twitter, I want you to go look at your feed because I'm going to do a test tweet.
And what I want to know is, did my tweet appear in your Twitter stream?
And so we want to find out whether, because I've got about, I guess, 380,000 or so followers on Twitter.
And I'll tweet out and like five people will respond.
So I'm thinking that maybe not all of my followers are getting my tweets.
So this is going to be a tweet.
just to see if I show up in the tweet stream in your tweet stream.
So if everybody could go over, if you follow me on Twitter, go over to Twitter and look at your stream.
And I'm about to post in, I'll post in 15 seconds.
So, standby and look for my post.
It'll say test tweet, all in caps.
I'm actually going to change that right now.
Do not reply, thanks.
And that's what the tweet will say.
Okay.
And then, so hey, Livio?
Livio, are you on?
Did you have a poll that you want to post?
Is he posting it now?

[SPEAKER_13]
Okay.

[SPEAKER_14]
Let's see.

[SPEAKER_13]
Did you see Steve's tweet in your feed?
There's the poll.

[SPEAKER_14]
Okay.
So there's the poll.
So you can, all right.
So I want you to answer that poll.
Uh, yes or no, whether you saw my, my tweet, I'm about to go do it in five, four, three, two, one post.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_05]
And it says on the screen, by the way, so they can see the post.

[SPEAKER_14]
So I've sent it out.
It's, it's now two seconds old.
It says test tweet, do not reply.
It has six views so far.

[SPEAKER_13]
We'll check throughout the show, right, Livio?
We'll just keep checking throughout the show and see what we got and remind people.

[SPEAKER_14]
Well, I mean, it should be interesting to see, right?
Because if you're looking at your feed, it should come up, it should pop up immediately in your feed.
And I'm going to hit refresh here.

[SPEAKER_05]
We'll keep an eye on it and we'll see how the poll, but answer the poll if you can.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, and put in the votes.
And some people are saying, I said, do not reply, and some people are replying.
But it says I only have six views, but I've got 25 likes, which is a little funny and now six responses and one retweet.
So but anyway, please put in the poll whether you saw my tweet or not.
It'll be interesting to see just how free speech Twitter is.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_13]
Cool.
Well, you know, despite.
Yeah, it's a good idea.
I think a lot of people are feeling shadow banned a lot.
Tell us about your substacks, not the latest one.
You have a couple since then, but the JAMA article showing that the data shows that hospitalizations among the elderly who got the COVID vaccine were not reduced from the shot.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah.
Yeah.
So there's this JAMA paper and the purpose of the JAMA paper is to show that COVID, that people are more likely to die from COVID.
and then they are from the flu if they're hospitalized.
And it's also to show that people who got the vaccine are less likely to die than people who didn't get the vaccine.
That's the purpose of the study.
The study accidentally revealed that there was no difference between the hospitalized group for COVID versus the hospitalized group for flu.
And so they looked at the vaccination status and they showed, well, look, hey, we got the two groups here.
This group was hospitalized for COVID.
This group was hospitalized for flu.
And look, their parameters are exactly the same.
It's the same mix of male and female.
It's the same age group.
And it's the same vaccine mix in both the cohorts.
So it's a fair matched up cohort.
We didn't really have to modify it very much.
The problem, of course, is, which I immediately recognized when I read this paper, is that if the vaccine actually worked, the cohort shouldn't be matched at all.
If you were hospitalized for COVID,
there should be, it should be all the unvaccinated people and hardly any vaccinated people would be hospitalized for COVID because the vaccine as we know is so effective.
Conversely, if you got hospitalized for the flu, there should be nobody who got the flu vaccine.
It should all be people with very low vaccination rates of flu.
So the fact that both cohorts had identical profiles for both vaccines can only mean one thing.
It means neither vaccine protects you against hospitalization.
Zero.
No effect.
They're identical.
You can't tell these cohorts apart.
And so here's this wonderful result.
And the paper didn't even mention it.

[SPEAKER_13]
Wow.
And JAMA, for those who don't know, is the Journal of the American Medical Association.
So this is not
any kind of alternative journal.

[SPEAKER_14]
However- Yeah, this is not like Kersh's Substack or anything like that.
That's not credible.
This is a credible medical journal, high impact journal, author from the VA using VA data, gold standard data.
It's not Kersh surveys.
This is VA data and it just shows neither vaccine works.

[SPEAKER_13]
OK, but Steve, did they admit that in their conclusions?

[SPEAKER_14]
No, of course not.
Are you kidding, Lisa?
They don't want their paper to be published.
They completely gloss over the fact that the vaccines don't work for hospitalization and they focus on their endpoint, which is, well, if you got boosted and you got covid, you're less likely to die than the people who were unvaccinated.
Yeah, but you know, that's because if you got boosted, you had to be alive to get boosted, which means you went through all the vaccines and still didn't die, which means like you're superhuman.
So of course you're going to die less.
It's all survivor bias.

[SPEAKER_13]
It's crazy.
Yeah.
So check out, I mean, your sub stack's great.
We will put the link in the chat.
Also, you just wrote about this Health Canada news that Health Canada has come out and now is joining a bunch of scientists already here in the U.S. who have been talking about contamination, DNA plasma contamination in the COVID vaccines.
In this case, Health Canada confirms
that the vaccines are contaminated with what's called simian virus 40 or SV 40.
This is an oncovirus.
So it's a virus that is known to cause cancer.
Of course, they will debate it, but it was acknowledged in connection with
hundreds of millions of shots of polio vaccine in the 1950s that were contaminated with SV40, which, by the way, they did not pull back.
They still gave them to the public because they didn't want to undermine public confidence in this novel vaccine program.
But there it is.
Kevin McKernan, who we've had on the show, was one of the first scientists to come out and say, I'm seeing this.
More recently, there was the scientist in South Carolina.
And now Health Canada.
Steve, quick question.
How is it that Health Canada is admitting this?
Because certainly in the US, it's great.

[SPEAKER_14]
It's like when you find yourself in a hole, the first rule of holes is to stop digging.
And so apparently Health Canada made a calculus to say that, hey, you know, this thing, it's this has been verified by like six other institutions independently.
This is verified by someone who challenged Kevin McKernan.
There was a guy, a very highly respected guy who says, I challenge you.
And so he did the research, he says, and then he found out you're right.
So it is not debatable at this point.
And the CDC and the FDA are silent.
This just makes them look bad.
Health Canada is the first one to come out as one of the official experts, health authorities to acknowledge the truth.
But the fact that the CDC and FDA and every other health official, the WHO, they're all silent, radio silent.
The press is radio silent on this.
This shows you just how corrupt the entire world is.
And it looks like the least corrupt of the bunch, if you can believe it, is Health Canada.
What a surprise is Health Canada.
And to say, hey, you're right.
So what's the significance of this?
It talks about it in the article.
We don't know what the significance is.
Some experts say, oh, it's not it.
It's nothing.
They're just fragments and nothing to see here.
Folks move along.
And they have and they show you evidence.
that they're right.
The evidence is that they're an expert and that they must be right.
We have no data, but trust us, folks.
It's safe and effective.
Nothing to see here.
There's not going to be no harm.
And the rest of the group, people I respect, say, look,
You know, this is troubling.
We should find out, we should do the experiment.
And so I've been on the phone today and I'm gonna go fund the experiment.
I'm gonna, cause you know, they're not gonna ever fund this.
And I'm not gonna be able to find anyone who will.
So I'm gonna take my dollars, I'm gonna fund this study and we're gonna go and do this experiment.
And this will be very interesting
What we do here and how we do it because I'm not going to use non-human primates We're going to use human beings for this experiment and it's going to be really cheap to perform We're going to be do this in a really clever way that when this comes out People are going to go apeshit

[SPEAKER_13]
Wow, good.

[SPEAKER_14]
If it comes out the way I expect it will.
So we'll see.
I mean, you know, whatever it is, we'll publish the results.

[SPEAKER_13]
Follow the facts where they may lead.
Absolutely.
Well, listen, we should get our guests on.
But really quickly, before we do, I need to remind everyone that VSRF is a 501c3 nonprofit organization, and we rely solely on community donations to keep us going.
We deeply appreciate the support and thank all of you who have donated already.
And we just want to say we appreciate you.
We will not give up and we will never comply.
So you can support our efforts by going to our website, factsafety.org forward slash donate.
And that link will be in the chat.
And just a quick reminder again that we will have our live Q&A for Steve and Will and Mila.
So put your questions in the chat.
preface your question with the big word question in all caps so that when we're scanning the chat we can find it easily.
You can also make a small donation if you want to by using the super chat feature which is called rumble rants and we will do our best to move your question to the top.
All right, well, let's bring on Will.
Our special guest, Will Witt, after leaving the University of Colorado Boulder due to what he saw as excessive left-wing influence on campus, Will became PragerU's first in-house personality, hosting its popular show, Man on the Street, from 2018 to 2022.
And Will, you amassed over 700 million views online doing that work.
You've been a rapidly rising fame and a national bestselling author now, a sought after international speaker and a frequent commentator on major media outlets like Fox News and The Blaze.
Additionally, Will shared his insights as a speaker, as I said at the top of the show, at our Defeat the Mandates events in both DC and LA.
And today he holds the position of editor-in-chief of the Florida Standard.
Will, you said you also own it?
Did you say that?
And we are excited to have you here.
Welcome, Will.

[SPEAKER_06]
Hey, thank you so much.
It's so weird having that list of accolades and things that I've done be read and everything.
I'm like, I just feel like a 27-year-old guy doing what I think is right.
So thank you, though, so much for all of that.

[SPEAKER_13]
Well, a lot happened.
I mean, it's relatively recent, right?
I mean, 18 to 22, not 2018 to 2022.
You did the man on the street.
So yeah, you're very much a rising star, and we're very honored that you came to join us today.
And I'll let you two go at it.

[SPEAKER_14]
Fantastic.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_13]
See you guys for Q&A.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, so Will and I were talking before the show and I asked Will if he's been vaccinated and he said he was, I think you said you were what, triple boosted?

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, I meant to say quadruple boosted, quadruple boosted and in line for the next one.

[SPEAKER_14]
Correct, correction.
So you're you're pretty pretty excited about these safe and effective vaccines.
I just love these things.

[SPEAKER_06]
You know, anytime they offer them, I say, well, here's my arm.
Get ready to stick it in.
I mean, yeah.

[SPEAKER_14]
So right.
So your book on do not comply, you're actually kind of you know what you said in the book is, you know, kind of a little bit different than than how you behave.
Yeah, it's like what you write versus what you do is a little bit different.

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, it's really do not comply with the domestic terrorists and people who are telling you to take this or not take this very safe vaccine.
That's what it's really all about.
Of course, in all seriousness, these vaccines, if you can even call them vaccines, are a bio weapon and in no way should be inserted into anyone's arm.
It is absolutely terrible what these things have done to society.
I think it is probably the worst thing I've even read about in American history that has ever been done to our own people.

[SPEAKER_14]
So were you vaccinated at all?
Did you get suckered into taking the vaccine?

[SPEAKER_06]
No, no, no.
I always saw that pretty clearly.
And I first of all, I mean, even before that, I didn't like needles.
I didn't like needles.
And I said, I'm not getting the vaccine.
And then even more than that, it just all came around.
It was like, man, these things are absolutely poisonous.
I mean, the Pfizer trials in their own studies, they showed that what 44% of the women in their own Pfizer trials had miscarriages.
I mean, those are like astronomical numbers and those came out, those numbers came out early when they were still rolling out like the first round of boosters and things.
So for me, it was a very easy decision not to get that vaccine.
When you see that there is an entity that wants you to get vaccinated and says there is no other option but to get vaccinated and wear your mask in the store and be locked down and never go out and see people, you know that there's something nefarious and I wasn't about to do it.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, I mean that the line was, you know, we won't be safe until everyone is vaccinated, you know, and they drilled that that into people.
So do you have any anecdotes of your friends?
So do you have friends who took the the vaccine and were injured?
And do you have friends who did not take the vaccine?
And sort of what what are what are the stats that you've observed in your friend network?
Yeah, of course.
To tell.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, of course.
I mean, there's anecdotes all over the place of, you know, I'm not going to say any names or people, anything like that.
But I know of many people who have been injured by these vaccines.
And one thing, you know, in my position, having
You know, going and doing a month-long book tour that I just came back from in the social media, and I talk about the vaccines all the time.
Actually, my Florida standard, the newspaper, we're not allowed to be seen to new people on Instagram anymore because we put out all this vaccine stuff, so we're completely censored on there.
But because of putting those things out there, I have people message me, I mean, almost on the daily.
about their vaccine injured or something happened to them.
I mean, I had a great lady come up to me at my book signing back in Los Angeles just last week telling me about how she was vaccine injured and so thankful for people who stood up against this stuff.
I mean, you're seeing this all over the place.
And the fact that these types of stories are not elevated in any sort of serious way by anyone with massive platforms is quite
damning, I would say, of our media world today and shows you that when it comes to not just the vaccines and COVID, but with wars overseas or Black Lives Matter, any of this kind of stuff, there is nothing to be believed about anything that these people say when they come on and say, you need to be worried about this.
And if you don't, we're all going to die.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, so, you know, one of the, you know, we were talking about, you know, Biden is probably going to advise people if we want to help resolve the conflict in Israel and Gaza, that everybody should get vaccinated.
Yeah, it's the only way it's the only way we're ever going to solve this is if we're all vaccinated.
Exactly.
I mean, it's so, so insane.
And of course, there's this the SV 40 promoter sequence that has been found in these vaccines now.
It's like, man, this is not being carried by the mainstream media anywhere.
It's not being carried by
It's not being talked about by the doctors.
Um, and you know, it's only health Canada that's come out and admitted the truth.
And, and this is, this is serious.
I mean, they should be doing these studies and it's not hard to do.
And it doesn't take that long, but they're not, they're not, this has been known since April of 2023.
And still, there is nothing, I've heard nothing from the CDC and the FDA and the WHO, like they should be all over this.
This is a serious problem.
It's potentially serious.
We don't know.
And for them to ignore that is just unbelievable, isn't it?

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, I think it's a great deal of narcissism and pride, and I always find it so funny with these studies.
It's like the one you were talking about before with the JAMA.
They always end up proving themselves wrong in these kind of things, but they don't ever say that they prove themselves wrong, but they always end up proving themselves wrong in these studies they try and do to prove that the vaccines are safe or effective.
or whatever it is that you want to say.
But it's ludicrous to think that these companies or industries or the media has our best interests at heart.
I mean, Fox News, who's the paragon of conservative speech, you know, and they have some good programs and things, not to slide them in all ways, but you know, they're taking
70% of their advertisements on non-election years are big pharmaceutical company ads.
I mean, Pfizer is making $1,000 every single second of every single day.
In 2021, they made $19 billion.
2022, $102 billion on a vaccine that was funded by the taxpayer.
The research was funded by the taxpayer.
Most people don't even know that when I bring that up in my speeches and things talking about it.
And then if you have a damage, you can't even sue Pfizer or Moderna or J&J.
You got to go to the government essentially for the vaccine compensation fund and then the taxpayers pay for damages.

[SPEAKER_14]
Which will waste your time and won't pay you out, which is why very few people even know about it or even apply.
So it's, when do you think this is going to end?
When do you think this is the, you know, are the, do you, do you see the signs that this is collapsing and that this is going to come to people are going to have to face the music?
Like, honestly, I don't know how they can keep ignoring the SV 40 issue.

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, I see it in both ways because one, like I'll be going around campuses and talking to people and just anecdotally as well, and you'll find there's a lot of people who say, yeah, I'm never getting boosted again or any of these kinds of things, but they won't go and speak up about it.
They're too scared of what other people will think about them.
People will say, well, you can't go on this show with Steve Kirsch.
You got this book deal and you go on these other shows and things.
I don't care.
I mean, this is the truth.

[SPEAKER_14]
I'm going to come on here and say... People told you not to go on this broadcast?

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, there are safer types of broadcasts and conservative things, and they'll say, you should go on one of these types of shows or just stick to your own stuff versus coming on this.
But I know that this stuff is the truth.
Like with the defeat the mandates thing that we did, you know, that those types of things lost me opportunities to go and speak at something like that with, you know, with people like you, Steve, you know, and all those doctors who were there and vaccine injured people like that lost me opportunities as a up and coming conservative, as they were saying, because I went to those kinds of things.
But this is the truth.
And this is really the fight of our lives because it doesn't matter how rich you are, how wealthy or, you know,
how many private jets you have, how poor you are, whatever, the health is the most important thing.
And if you're rich but you have bad health, it doesn't really matter at the end of the day if you're getting this faulty medical advice from all these different things.
So I ask people this a lot of the time too when you're saying, is it going to turn the other way?
When I go to colleges and I say, have you guys read 1984?
They all raise their hand and say yes.
And then I ask, have you read Brave New World?
And only about 10% of the people actually raise their hands.
Brave New World is the dystopia we are heading towards.
because it doesn't work on negative reinforcement with big brother or some dictatorship over you being some conduit with your every move and making sure that you don't say the wrong thing.
To me, it's more like Brave New World where it is positive reinforcement where people come to love their servitude because the evil or immoral or weak things that they do are seen as good in the society.
And that's what it feels like with the whole vaccine narrative and the big pharma narrative.
People are given everything they need by someone else.
So they never have to work hard or question things or think about anything in a different light.
And thus, it seems very difficult to break out of this because it's all positive for people instead of a negative.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah.
So what do you think is going to be the the tipping point?
What do you think is going to break?
Like, is there something that we should be doing that we're not doing?
That's really going to accelerate the progress here.

[SPEAKER_06]
I think that it takes more people to stand up.
I think that if Trump were to actually, let's say Trump actually went to prison for these things, like in the Georgia election fraud case and these kinds of things, if Trump actually went to prison, I think that would be civil disobedience at a level we haven't seen in years and years and years.
That could be an upheaval of civilization of sorts, but I always tell people, like,
The reason why I'm in the position I am today is because I was sitting in class at my college and some girl had a Trump pin on her backpack.
This is back in 2016 when I was still, didn't know anything about anything, you know.
And this girl, she comes up to me and says, I'm voting for Trump.
And I said, oh, I don't even know.
I don't even know who Trump is basically.
Why are you doing that?
And she comes, she talks about all these things and republicanism, conservatism, yada, yada, yada.
Eventually, I'm like, wow, the world is way different than I thought.
And it's because this one girl talked to me that I started doing research and finding out about PragerU and then Turning Point and then all these other groups and everything.
And, you know, granted, we can talk about Trump and his role with the vaccines and all that.
I'm no fan of those things now.
Of course not.
But in those early stages, it was this one girl who decided to have a conversation with me, which now made me into the person that I am today.
And so what I mean by this is that if we want a tipping point, it takes normal people having conversations with other people to actually change people's minds.
But right now, people are just too afraid of what others are going to think about them, or they're worried about being called an anti-vaxxer, anti-science.
And that can't be the way you live anymore, because we're on the edge of a knife.
We're on a precipice.

[SPEAKER_14]
So the people, you know, what do you think that what would your guess is for where America is right now?
Do you think it's like 50 50 in terms of where they are?
Not not forget about what they're doing with their public face.
But privately, do you think America is now 50 50 that they privately realized?
Oh, I've been had.
Or do you think it's still a majority who believe that these that that they've been telling the truth about the the covid vaccines and other vaccines?

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, I think it's probably closer to 70 or 75 percent to think that what they've done to us is wrong.
I mean, I would even go higher up to 80%, but I think that there's such vanity, such pride in so many people and also such fear of, again, being ostracized, being shunned.
But if you're not ready for people to hate you or shun you or tell you you're a terrible person for what you believe in, then you're not ready to speak the truth.
you have to prepare yourself, body and mind to take on the attacks of other people.
Bring sacrifice and bring suffering into your life to create yourself as a stronger, better person.
If you are not willing to do that, then you cannot be one of these people telling the truth.
But I would imagine, I could be completely wrong, but if I had to guess based on the people I talk to,
I would say that the majority of people, up to 75% of people feel like they have been duped.
We have a very large, small minority, or very vocal small minority of people who are very up in arms about all these things and will die for it because it's their new religion and it's their entire moral framework of their life, so they can't go wrong on it.
But I would say most people feel quite raw about all of this.

[SPEAKER_14]
Be interesting to I should do have a third party do a survey.
In fact, I'm going to make a note to do that after this episode.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_14]
And
And we'll ask the question, like, you know, how do you really feel?
How do you feel sort of privately about this?
And how do you feel publicly about it?
You know, sort of what do you do?
I think that it'd be really eye opening.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, I think so, too.

[SPEAKER_14]
What do you what do you think that what do you think it'll be?
You think it'll be like so you think it'll be 75 percent saying the vaccines are bad to 25 percent saying, you know, we like the vaccines and it will and it will actually flip the other way in terms of their public persona.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, I think it's pretty different.
Obviously Twitter, depending on the person who posts it, is going to be tough to gauge if the results are really accurate and something like that.
But I think that because of social media and how people act on there,
I think that your results might be a little skewed on a platform like Twitter versus- Oh, no, no.

[SPEAKER_14]
It won't be on Twitter.

[SPEAKER_06]
You mean doing a polling company or something like that?

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, yeah, yeah.

[SPEAKER_06]
Okay.
Then I think you probably could get better results.
I think that if people knew that others weren't going to see what they said about it, I think you would get close to 75%.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah.
It'll be safe.
That'll be really, really interesting.
Who do you support in this upcoming presidential race?

[SPEAKER_06]
Right now, I mean, like I said before about Trump and the vaccines, the vaccines have been my biggest thing.
Trump came on and said that 150 million lives were saved because of the COVID vaccines.
I mean, this is just, it's just astronomical nonsense.
There's no other way to put it.
And then also I'm myself, I'm unequivocally pro-life when it comes to the issue of abortion and all that.
and Trump's latest comments on abortion for me were quite apparent as well.
So for me personally, I mean, I would say DeSantis, because living here in Florida, I've seen what he has done in this state and he's done some very good things.
He's doing the grand jury trying to hold vaccine companies accountable here in the state of Florida, which is something that really has never been done in any of the states.
And so I see DeSantis as a shining light.
I think his campaign is pretty
potentially made some missteps with some things and it's looking a little difficult.
I wish Trump, I think that if Trump were to fix his vaccine stances, could do so many good things for the country.
I just, I just really want him to fix those things.
And then he's more of someone who I can come on and support.
But right now, because of those issues, I'm more of on the train of DeSantis.

[SPEAKER_14]
Okay.
So if, if the election were held today and the three candidates were Biden, Trump, and RFK Jr., who would you vote for?

[SPEAKER_06]
I would vote for Trump, yeah.
I would say that because the pro-life issue is so big for me and RFK Jr. is even less pro-life than Donald Trump, then that would be a huge issue for me.

[SPEAKER_14]
But so we still haven't gone into the the question of when when is America gonna wake up?
When is it gonna be safe?
For people to be able to talk about this stuff what they really believe openly Do you think it'll be like a year from now two years from now and and will it be because some celebrity or somebody that they respect
Flipped like could one person could one celebrity flip and Just cause everybody else to go like a domino effect

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, I mean, maybe again, Donald Trump could.
Maybe Donald Trump could.
He's the most famous person basically in the entire planet.
But personally, and this might sound quite cynical, I don't know if we're going to get to that place in America where it is acceptable to talk about these things or safe to talk about these things.
But I think in a way, that's almost a good thing in a sense.
We're supposed to be challenged in our lives, right?
You're supposed to be challenged with adversity and be able to self-overcome and overcome these challenges that we see.
Of course, we'd like all these problems to be solved and that would be fantastic.
And we could clear the schedule, the vaccine schedule and the COVID vaccines and go back in time and change all these things.
But we are fighting a fight against good versus evil, I feel like.
And I think that it's not going to change because
Evil is triumphing in this country.
And unless we have a lot of strong individuals stand up for themselves and stand up for what they really believe in, then it's not really going to do anything.
So I don't know if it will ever be safe to talk about these kind of things.

[SPEAKER_14]
Well, I hope that you're wrong.
I hope that it will be safe.
I mean, I think we both hold that.
So you bought the Florida Standard newspaper and it was an existing newspaper in Florida, is that right?
No, I created it.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, I created it just over a year ago.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah.
And how many readers do you have and is it
Is it actually just focused on Florida or is it the whole, you called it the Florida standard, but it has a worldwide readership and what's the size of the readership?

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
I mean, we're looking mostly in Florida for our readership because we talk a lot about Florida news, Florida politics, things of that nature.
So I mean, like when it was legislative session, we got a reporter down there reporting on these kinds of things there.
which isn't relevant to everyone across the world, of course, but we are reporting on worldwide worldwide issues.
And especially if anything concerns the vaccine, we are reporting on everything with the vaccine, whether it's in Florida or not.
And then obviously stuff with the presidential race, because Trump and DeSantis are both in Florida and all of that.
So our readership is quite it's it's been it's been nice to see how how it's how it's gone up, you know, starting a I've never started a business before.
So this is my first thing going and starting this
this new organization, and then when you have the censorship and stuff, it makes it difficult.
It does?
As I'm sure as you can imagine.

[SPEAKER_14]
I can imagine that.
I've had a couple of censorship incidents.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yes, exactly.
And so that makes it hard.
And then in a presidential candidacy and all that kind of stuff, it's very divisive in the sense that we're covering DeSantis a lot because we're in Florida and that's what we do.
But we got a million viewers on our page last year, which was quite nice.
And we're looking to top that by a lot this year, hopefully.

[SPEAKER_14]
Well, OK. Joe Latapau, any comments about him?
And also, tell us what's going on with the Florida grand jury.

[SPEAKER_06]
Uh, Joe Latopo is fantastic.
He's awesome.
I love that guy.
I did a, I did an interview with him.
He's very soft spoken, which is funny.
Uh, you know, you think that he's, that he'd be like this, this towering guy.
Yeah.
Yeah, exactly.
But he's like soft spoken.
Very nice.
I think he's a very well put together with the things that he says and the things that he does.
I think that, uh, he's meticulous with what he tries to accomplish.
He doesn't just rush into things.
He takes the time to definitely does take his time.
Yeah, to say what he wants to say, and you know, some might say that's a little slow, and I understand that, but you know, you're in a position that requires a lot of responsibility for something.
You want to make sure you get it right.
I think he's doing a great job here.
I mean, he's definitely better than the last surgeon general that they had here.
In terms of the grand jury, I think it's in standstill right now.
I don't know all the details of where they are right now, but I believe that it's mostly in standstill right now, kind of waiting for things to happen and move forward.

[SPEAKER_14]
I'm like, you know, come on.
And I've been trying to push Joe to make the data public.
I went on to the VA website today and there's this, it's the website is data.va.gov.
And I looked at yesterday briefly and it said, you know, all the VA data, it's all here and we believe in data analysis and, you know, we got all these tools for you and so forth.
So I go to the site this morning.
I'm like, like, you know, I'm losing sleep.
I'm finally get six hours last night, because I'm so anxious to go and try out this VA website and mine it for data.
You know, it's like gold.
And, and what a disappointment.
There's only one database that has any vaccine information, and it is not public.
So it has seven thousand views and zero downloads because nobody can download it because nobody has permission.
So this is what they mean by data transparency.
It means that any data that they have that might show that the vaccines are not safe is not going to be shown to anybody.
It is so ridiculous.

[SPEAKER_06]
I agree with you there.
It's completely ridiculous if the data is not going to be shown.
And I was unaware of this that you're speaking about now.
So I'm just getting up to speed here.
But yeah, of course, data transparency is the most important thing.
Because like you said, we had that, again, going back to the JMA one that we talked about earlier, without being able to actually see that data but only see what they report as the truth, well, it's a whole different conclusion that you actually make from it when you actually see the data.

[SPEAKER_14]
So right.
Well, you and you always have to look at the data that they're they're like magicians.
They say pay attention to this.
Look, look, look, look.
The vaccinated died less than the unvaccinated.
And I'm always going like, well, there are magicians here, but look at their data, their data, their data that they don't want us to look at.
is the most important data to look at because that's the only credible data.
And that data in that paper showed that these vaccines do not protect you from hospitalization at all, not from COVID.
The COVID vaccines don't work and neither do the flu vaccines.
I mean, that paper was super damaging.
And the remarkable thing is I think I'm the first person in the world
to have realized what this paper actually showed.
And nobody else is writing about this or saying, yeah, yeah, he's right.
And I've been showing this to people and they're saying, yeah, yeah, there is no explanation for this other than the vaccines don't work.
You can't have these breakdowns be identical and claim that this proves the vaccine worked.
It's like no way.

[SPEAKER_06]
Of course, it's such an upside down world with all of these kind of things that they distort and ruin things and make people believe nonsense.
And they do this with everything in the news, not just even the COVID stuff.
And I think also you're talking about the flu vaccines, what these COVID vaccines did, like for me and a lot of other people who I talk to, woke them up to all sorts of different things in the medical field with different vaccines and
and the doctors and the big pharma medications and all of this.
It's been truly an eye-opening experience for myself and many others who I talk to when, you know, they hear from people like you who, you know, just a couple years ago, they're like, who the hell is this guy?
And now, you know, you got all these followers on Twitter and stuff, and it's amazing that you're getting this reach and other people.
Like, it's fantastic to see that there's so many people waking up.
It just takes people to do more.
It takes more people, not just typing on Twitter

[SPEAKER_14]
Sending an email it takes in-person conversations and going and speaking up to get things done Yeah, and I wish we could get some debates going because I also and I've got I've got a number of sub stacks in the works here, but one of my sub stacks it's an article about a 2019 paper and it was Byron bridle who brought this paper to my attention and the paper said that It talked about how to deal with misinformation spreaders
like me.
It said that it's way better.
It is wrong not to show up at a public event.
If they're holding this public event and you don't show up, you look bad.
So they're saying that, hey, if you want to stop the misinformation spreaders, you need to show up at the public debates.
But nobody wants to show up.
But there is an interesting gotcha in there.
And it said, if you can get the event canceled, then you should do that rather than debate them.
Right, because we don't want the truth to get out.
And so they said, look, if you can't get the event to be canceled, then you should show up.
And of course, all of these guys always say, well, you know, I only respond to papers and whatnot like the head of MedCamp.
But it's so, so silly.
These people who are afraid to have a
discussion about the data.
I'd love to talk to anybody about this VA data and have them try to gaslight people and let's see how far they get with me and see if they can gaslight any of my followers on this.
Anyway, we probably have a bunch of questions, Olivia.
Should we go to questions for Mila and for Will?

[SPEAKER_13]
We do.
We have a lot of questions for all of you.
So it's time.

[SPEAKER_14]
Awesome.
Great.

[SPEAKER_13]
So diving right in from Sarah.
Sorry, Sarah.
In the last few weeks, well, we've seen the health freedom movement fracture over Israel and Palestine.
How do you think that the movement in general can stay more unified?

[SPEAKER_06]
To me, it seems kind of laughable that the movement on health freedom is splitting on Israel, Palestine and all of this.
It seems to be like Steve and I were joking about stopping terrorism by getting vaccinated.
I mean, to me, that shouldn't be an issue.
that you are worried about when it comes to this.
What I think that we should be unified on is that this isn't a left versus right issue, whether it's Israel and Palestine or the vaccines.
These aren't left versus right issues, Republican versus Democrat.
I mean, they are the elite versus us and good versus evil.
And if you're looking at all of these things from a standpoint of the media lied to me about this, they lied to me about this, lied to me about this,
Why can't we come to a conclusion among other people and say, hey, look, we might have disagreements here on this on this war going on overseas.
And that's totally fine.
Who knows what they're saying?
Because the media is crazy and full of liars.
But we know that we are united on this health freedom movement because we have seen it and we have done the research and the fact that we can see the anecdotal stories right in front of us.
That's what we should be focused on.
Don't lose.
Don't lose.
Don't lose sight of the course when you're this close.

[SPEAKER_13]
Right, and that's a great answer.
I mean, that was the philosophy of the defeat, the mandates, marches and rallies.
It was big tent, a lot of different people who disagreed vehemently on a lot of issues, but we knew one thing, that we all absolutely had to come together to push back against the mandates and so forth.
So that's a great answer.
Another one for you, Will, and then I'm gonna get a few for Mila, from Ben or Bill N.
For my entire life, and I'm in my 60s, Republicans have promised to scale back or get rid of big government.
But every time they get into power, it seems like they do nothing and often increase the size and power of government.
Why do you think that is?

[SPEAKER_06]
There's this great book called Crisis and Leviathan that talks about all the times that there are crises in American history, the size of government explodes.
And that is no different whether Democrats are in office, Republicans are in office.
Republicans are just Democrats driving the speed limit, as they say.
You know, they wear the same khaki pants and go to the same cocktail parties vying for the same donors as everyone else.
I mean, I'm only 27 years old.
And I'll look at just even 20 years, 15 years ago, and think of one Republican, other than maybe Donald Trump and DeSantis again here in Florida, who have done anything that has benefited my life.
I cannot think of one Republican who has done anything to benefit my life.
In 2016, we had the House, the Senate, and the presidency all at the same time.
Don't even think about getting
abortion outlawed, we couldn't even get Planned Parenthood defunded.
You have all these entities that are working there.
All of these Republicans, for the most part, are completely bought out.
The lobbying machine in Washington is terrible.
Big Pharma lobbies, what, $300 million a year, if not more, for these people.
I mean, they're completely bought and sold.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah, it's the Uniparty.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, exactly.

[SPEAKER_13]
It's the Uniparty.
Yeah, that's a good answer.
Mila
Caruso would like to know what you did to treat your vaccine injury.
How did you recover so well?

[SPEAKER_09]
Other than phlovoxamine.
Currently, I'm on a cocktail of meds that include ivermectin, phlovoxamine, and gabapentin.
That was my most recent one that I responded the most well to.
I was on holistic medicine and supplements before then because I was refused treatment.
So that's currently when I'm on.

[SPEAKER_14]
And you still are being refused treatment.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yes, I still am here.
Wow.

[SPEAKER_14]
In California.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yes.
Do college students in general, in your experience, and this is a question from Amanda Damian, do they generally acknowledge your peers that that vaccine injury is real?
Have your friends acknowledged it?
Did you lose friends?
What happened?

[SPEAKER_09]
I lost almost everyone I considered my friend at the time due to
being open about being injured by the vaccine and following that I have not regained any until I've gone out of state.
As soon as I go out of state I'm able to find more of a community that actually thinks for themselves and therefore even if we don't completely agree on
how many people can get vaccine injured, what the effects are, they can at least acknowledge that it's a possibility.
Not here.
Not here in the Bay Area, California.

[SPEAKER_13]
California.
It's a California thing.

[SPEAKER_06]
It's why I left.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah.
Yeah.
There you go.
In Colorado.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yep.

[SPEAKER_13]
And Steve, one of our viewers would like to know, following up on your SV 40 sub stack, what is the research going to be exactly?
What's the study?
Is that TBD or TB announced?
TB?

[SPEAKER_14]
Oh, yeah, I don't want to announce it because I don't want to have the people try to shut me down.
You know, so it's kind of like playing football here.
If they if the other side knows what playbook you're going to go after,
They're they're gonna find the people and intimidate them and make sure that they don't That are not they're not able to comply with what you want to do So I'm kind of keeping that under wraps for now, but when people discover what the approach is they will say oh That was really clever Good good.
Yep.

[SPEAKER_13]
Um another question for you while I'm well, I've got your attention and

[SPEAKER_14]
And by the way, so to give you a hint, no, there will be no dead bodies and no animals.
It's a human study and it's going to be awesome.
It's going to be so awesome.

[SPEAKER_13]
But you're testing SV4, I mean, you're testing plasma contamination.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yep.
In people.
It's it'll be something that will be nobody will be able to dispute it.
Right.
Because if we did it in nonhuman primates, they could say, ah, no, it's not human.
Right.
And there'll be and then we have to start over from scratch.
And if you do it on on on people who are dead, you say, oh, well, those people are dead.
And, you know, that's a fraction of that.
You know, there'll be all sorts of ways.
Yeah.
This the way this way, they won't be able to attack it.
I mean, they'll still attack it, but but they won't be able to credibly.

[SPEAKER_13]
You're trying to make it attack resistant.
And when you did your survey, this is Osir Usoft asks, when you did your survey of the Amish, did you include childhood developmental milestones and not just like ADD and autism and all that stuff?

[SPEAKER_14]
No, no, just just asked about rates of autism and other autoimmune diseases within the Amish.

[SPEAKER_13]
Okay, cool.
Okay, so back to you, Will, from David 323.
A lot of political questions.
How much of the COVID authoritarianism do you blame on the conservative movement?

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, I think that a lot of conservatives and we'll say just use the word Republicans because we're talking in that sense now.
Republicans went along with it.
I mean, in all sorts of states across the nation, they were going along with the vaccines.
They were going along with COVID.
You know, that includes some things here in Florida as well.
Not going to deny it.
But, you know, Florida did open first before all the other states as well and did a great job there.
But even at the beginning, I mean, everyone was buying into it.
So I think that it came down to
You know, real truth tellers to actually get these things overturned because it wasn't going to be Republicans coming and overturning these things because they wanted to or because they knew that the data was right now is because they had enough people who found out the truth and said, we don't want this anymore.
This is wrong or this is evil.
And so
they pressured Republicans.
And then it actually became kind of a more of a conservative issue to be against lockdowns, to be against masks, to be for freedom, and more of a Democrat thing to be for the science and Fauci and that.
And so this got very politicized very fast.
But I just wish that they would have seen it earlier and would have done more.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah.
This is my question and follow up.
What do you think would have happened?
I often wonder if Trump had been elected, reelected, and we had had a Republican president
while that whole COVID, while that whole pandemic response developed over the next few years.
Because already you had Kamala Harris and Biden saying, who's going to line up for this vaccine?
Who's going to go?
Yeah, me.
There'd better be total transparency and all that stuff.
And then
Because it was the Democrats, they just put their blinders on and followed the people that they trusted.
If it had been a Republican, might the inverse have happened?

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, I think it would have been a lot different if Donald Trump was the president of the United States from 2020 to now.
I think a lot of things would have happened a lot differently.
Well, I think that even more than Donald Trump being in office, I think it would have emboldened normal US citizens to act and speak out with more.
I think that with Donald Trump in office, from 2016 to 2020, people were speaking out like crazy.
in that sort of political landscape, at least from what I could see going and doing all this, there were people speaking out a lot more fervently than they are now.
I feel like Biden and this administration and just the overall state of America right now has put people in quite a cynical mood and they feel like not speaking up nearly as much.
I think that if Trump was in office, I don't think that things would have happened the same way that they did.
I think people would have been much stronger and braver to stand up against these things because they would have said, listen, Trump's in the White House.
He's got our back on this kind of stuff versus, you know, up against the wall with Biden and Congress.

[SPEAKER_13]
I get that.
I guess just, you know, the fact that he does have a big ego, no matter what you think of him, everybody agrees.
And if it was his program and he's he has said it was a great, you know, Operation Warp Speed was the greatest thing.
And these vaccines that, you know, happened under me are the greatest thing.
If he had been talking like that, would people have been as emboldened to say, OK, great president, but not me?
You know what I'm saying?
I just wonder
And I also think that, like, as we know, I think the program, the vaccine program was a military operation.
It was bigger than any one president.
So there would have been a lot of pressure for that whole thing to go through just as it did under a different president.
Right.
And then you would have had the American population inverted where everyone's following their, their people, they trust from the Republican party and following the vaccine.
And then all the people on the left going, hell no.
because they're outside the political party in power.
That's sort of what I was getting at.
I don't know if you agree with that, but.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yes.
In a way, I still think that because, I mean, even when Trump was still in office and the COVID stuff was first starting out, I mean, I always hated Dr. Fauci, you know, in the sense of, you know, knowing, saying what he was doing and his time, you know, reading a R.F.K.
Junior's, or not R.F.K.
Junior, Dr. Mercola's book about, you know, or no, R.F.K.
Junior's book, sorry.
about Dr. Fauci and all of that.
And finding out all these things about him, you're just like, man, this guy is the worst.
And there's nothing that Trump could say that Trump could come on and give Dr. Fauci a kiss on the lips.
And I would say Dr. Fauci is the worst person ever.
with looking at all the stuff that is there, you know, it wouldn't matter to me.
Now, maybe to some people it would.
And I think that is a flaw of values if you are taking all of your opinions from one person and not being able to look more holistically at something.
But I think for me and a lot of other people, they would still be able to look past it, even if Trump came on and said, you know, he stayed in office and continue to push the vaccine.
I think a lot of people still would have said no, conservatives at least.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah.
Good.
Good.
Um, this is a question for all of you.
Um, Livio asks it.
Are you, any of you seeing young men with myocarditis in your own lives?
A neighbor, a friend, a family member or young men?
Is it visible in your life?

[SPEAKER_09]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, I don't really hang out with vaccinated people gonna be completely honest.
That's the thing.
I live in a I live in a mission.
Yeah, exactly.
I live in a I live, you know, I used to live in LA, right in the city, right.
And now I live outside of Tampa, about 45 minutes outside of Tampa.
And it's, you know, it's away from everyone.
So I don't see too many people in this sense of
of knowing that many people, but all the people who I do see at church mostly are all unvaccinated people.
Among the unvaccinated, I'm not seeing myocarditis.

[SPEAKER_09]
We have several students on campus that have myocarditis now after receiving the vaccine, and they still refuse to believe the vaccine could potentially be a factor in causing that.

[SPEAKER_14]
Right.
Yeah.
And so are they continuing to get vaccines now?

[SPEAKER_09]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yep.
And there's a study that just came out showing that 50% of the kids injured with myocarditis, the injury is permanent.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah.
Livio, do you have a clip to show us?

[SPEAKER_14]
And that will not dissuade any kid from getting the vaccine.
No.
Yeah, why don't you show that?

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah, let's watch.

[SPEAKER_15]
It's more common than we thought.
People are like, well, it's mild, it's mild.
It's no big deal.
It's self-limited, blah, blah.
Look, in my world, throughout my entire career, 40-year career, myocarditis is a medical emergency.
It's a dire problem.
A publication just came out five days ago in circulation, a major cardiac cardiology journal.
an excellent study and it showed, it took my breath away.
I didn't know why it wasn't headline news.
It's a large study and it showed that about approximately half of the young males that got myocarditis had permanent heart damage.
Permanent.
That means that we don't know what percentage are going to be disabled by this as they get older, are going to develop heart failure, or are going to need cardiac transplants, some of them.
It's
breathtaking this study and why it wasn't a big headline.
I've sort of sent it around a little bit because I don't understand why people aren't reacting to it.
So in a 27 year old male, the illness is a nothing.
So the risk is, so the vaccine is all risk.
Why the push?
Why are we pushing?
And I think, put your legal head on for a second, that universities are going to be a big trouble for having mandated young people to get that vaccine.
Because people are going to get sick, they're going to have long-term consequences, and they should sue those schools for having forced them to take a medical intervention.

[SPEAKER_10]
I agree with that.
100% they should sue.
And if anybody tries to force you from this point forward, get a fake card.
It's not that hard.
Go ahead, Google it.
Get a fake card.
Don't comply.

[SPEAKER_15]
And again, we have a good treatment.
We have Paxlovid.
Why?
And people have all kinds of feelings.

[SPEAKER_10]
You have to say you've gotten the shot to get in.
Get a fake one.
Just Google it on the internet.
It's bullshit.
If they're going to create these bullshit rules, you can create your bullshit way around them.
It's all just like a theater.
So let's, okay, let's act.
I'll act like I've gotten my 50th booster and you can act like you're satisfied.
I'm telling you the truth.

[SPEAKER_13]
I just fell in love with Megyn Kelly.
Oh my gosh.
Good for her.
She's had it.
She was diagnosed with an autoimmune disease.
You guys saw that and asked her doctor.
I just got the booster and then I got COVID right after the booster.
And now I've got this autoimmune disease.
Could it have been the vaccine?
And the doctor said, yes.
Yes, it could.
My brother teaches a lot of young men music.
He's a guitar teacher, a bass teacher, drum teacher.
He has two students.
who have myocarditis, one's 18, one's 21, and neither of them want to hear, they don't even know anything about it being connected to the vaccine.
And he's tried to suggest, hey, you know, maybe it was that vaccine you took.
won't, won't hear it.
And that's San Francisco Bay area.
Once again, how many people will, one of our guests asks our viewers, how many people do you think were injured by the COVID vaccines?
Just to like worldwide us.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
Yeah.
I think millions, of course.
I mean, I don't have an exact number or anything like that, but millions.
I mean, I would probably say the most damaging vaccine and in history of, of vaccines.
I mean, really the, the effects,
It's pure evil.
That's all there is to say about it.
And if we can't define this as just, you know, it's not merely just a scientific battle on these kinds of things.
It is a battle against evil of people who want to corrupt us and destroy us and make us into slaves.
I mean, that is what it really comes down to, mental slavery.
And that's what we have to realize.
I mean, the vaccine injured from this COVID vaccine, it's an astronomical amount, I can imagine.
and all the stories that we hear and talk to all of us, all the people watching right now, they all know.

[SPEAKER_14]
The numbers so people can calculate it out for themselves, and this is from a Dennis Rancourt's study, and it's very similar to the numbers that I derived quite some time ago.
My numbers were one per thousand doses dies is killed by the vaccine.
Dennis's numbers were actually higher than mine.
He had 1.2 thousand deaths per million doses.
So so the the simple thing is if they say that there's 650 million shots You're very safe to say that.
Okay, just take million and turn that into Thousand and so when they injected 650 million people the United States it means 650,000 People have been killed.
That's the the easiest way so and 13 billion people have been injected worldwide
So take billion and turn it into million and you get 13 million people have been killed by these vaccines which are Which people have been deceived into believing will save them Has actually killed 13 million people.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah, that's crazy.
So will obviously one of your Answers to this is do not comply.
I'm looking at your book behind you.
Tell us about it.

[SPEAKER_06]
Oh
screen is inverted.
I'm trying to point to it and it's the other side.
There we go.
The book is called Do Not Comply.
And when you hear Do Not Comply, it all came about because of COVID when it came to stuff and the vaccines and the masks and the lockdowns.
But I wrote this book, it's not just about COVID and all this kind of stuff.
And even though I have a
One of my largest chapters in the book is on Big Pharma and all of those kind of things.
But it's about anyone who wants to turn you into a slave, anyone who comes and tells you that you do not have a right to think for yourself and that you just need to comply with whatever it is that they are saying.
You do not comply with these people.
It is not God's way.
I mean, myself, I'm a very
fervent believer I got saved two years ago, and really half of the book is political on the elites and the people who are in control of us, and the second half of the book is all how to take power back and to be the greatest person that you can be.
I mean, I have a chapter at the end called Becoming a Hero in a Dangerous World.
That's the type of person that all of us have to be when it comes to all of this.
I talk about the big media and the big tech who owns these things, America's financial institutions,
The lobbying machine, the destruction of art.
I mean, for me, I've been in this work for the last eight years.
I'm only 27 years old and this is my, again, pointing at the wrong side.
This is my proudest moment, this new book that I've done because I didn't want to write another Republican book that says Joe Biden sucks or here's why the 2020 election was stolen or anything like that.
Maybe those are good books, but they have a shelf life of three months and then it's on to the next book.
I wanted a book that would last, that would tell people about humanity.
It's a book for humans.
You don't have to be a super conservative Republican to read this book.
It is about the people who are in control of us, a battle of good versus evil.
You'll find in the book, I don't like most Republicans anyway, so there's something for any of you other people to look forward to.

[SPEAKER_13]
That's good.
Yeah.
We we've been putting the link in the chat, just so you know.
Oh, thank you.
I'm going to check it out.
Yeah, I love that becoming what did you call it?
A big hero in a dangerous world.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
A hero in a dangerous, becoming a hero in a dangerous world, a big hero if you want, you know.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah.
Yeah.
Added big.
I just want to, I was thinking of Mila when you said that.
I mean, Mila, there are so, right.
So few like you, Mila, among your generation on college campuses, especially coming from California.
It really, it's really something.
I mean, you could have just gotten better and gone your merry way and gone to medical school, but instead you become this activist and you pack a lot of power in a petite package.
So I just want to thank you for that.

[SPEAKER_14]
fellow misinformation, super spreader.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yes, I love these super spreaders.

[SPEAKER_14]
Does anybody else have you convinced anyone else at your and you attend multiple schools actually?
I do.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yes, Stanford's one of them.

[SPEAKER_14]
Right.
So any any of your friends at Stanford have gone to the dark side with us?
Or they're all on the safe and effective.
Mila, you're crazy.

[SPEAKER_09]
total of one person in all of my classes that I've managed to talk about this and not be shut down.

[SPEAKER_14]
Wow, one person with an open-minded Stanford.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yes.
That is progress.
Yes, I was there yesterday actually tabling and trying to have conversations with people, seeing where people stood.

[SPEAKER_14]
And it's like talking to a wall?

[SPEAKER_09]
They very much want to prove they're right, but are unable to form a, an argument that actually has a factual basis.

[SPEAKER_14]
Do they then want to change the topic and say, I don't want to talk to you and I have to go.

[SPEAKER_09]
That's how it always ended.

[SPEAKER_14]
I got to go.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yep.

[SPEAKER_14]
You know, I'm going to I'm going to get a GoPro and I'm going to go on the on the Stanford campus and I'm just going to film and I'm going to see if I can get into a discussion with any students who will talk to me about this stuff and we'll see how fast they run away.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.
Sorry.
What'd you say?

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, I said, well, it's a private college, so they'll kick you off.
Unfortunately, you're not allowed to film at Stanford, but go to a public university.

[SPEAKER_09]
So it's fine.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
I mean, I interviewed thousands of people on the streets and on college campuses all over the country.
But you're exactly right.
I mean, it's people who want to prove that they are right instead of proving that the ideas they have are right.
That is what is more important to people.
Again, it's so much pride and vanity that people have that they need some sort of self-validation.
For me, I don't care if you guys think that I'm right.
It doesn't matter to me.
You could read it in a book.
You could see it from Steve.
You could see it from me.
It doesn't matter where you get the information.
I just care that you have the information.
That's what's so wrong with all of this is people put themselves into the debates they have.
Take yourself out of the debate and ask questions and you can actually change people's minds really well.

[SPEAKER_09]
We had several students that came up to us and they were like, yeah, you know, actually I didn't want to take it, but everyone else was and conforming is better.
And I don't want problems with anyone.
And it's like, well, what about the values do you stand upon?
How do you expect to be respected if you can't stand strong on your values?
They're like, I'd rather just get along with people.

[SPEAKER_14]
I don't care about the consequences.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's the typical.
Yeah.
I hear that a lot.

[SPEAKER_13]
My youngest of four is in college and she stood in line for the whole first year getting the COVID tests several times a week.
She finally came to me and said, Mom, I'm going to get the vaccine.
I just I can't do it anymore.
And my roommates are all pressure.
You know, the whole thing is crazy.

[SPEAKER_14]
I mean, it's kind of like I'm going to go and kill myself.

[SPEAKER_13]
I was so so pain.

[SPEAKER_14]
I'm going to go and take it.
Take a Russian roulette.
And, you know, and and and let's see if I I win.
Yeah, it's crazy.

[SPEAKER_13]
Cross fingers.
Right.
Crazy.
Well, thanks, you guys.
Thanks, everybody.
I always hesitate saying you guys.
Thank you, y'all.
Thanks, folks.

[SPEAKER_06]
You can say guys.
We don't get offended by it.
Don't worry.

[SPEAKER_13]
Thank you.
It's been a great conversation, and I just have a few announcements to close up the show.
Will, thank you very much for coming on.
Thank you so much.
I know I'm going to check out your book.
Yeah, it's been great reading.

[SPEAKER_06]
Thank you.
And Steve, that was a wonderful conversation.
Mila, you are a hero.
Thanks, Will.

[SPEAKER_14]
It was great.
Thank you.
Thank you so much, guys.
Yes, you are, Mila.
Thanks for speaking out.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah.
All right.

[SPEAKER_14]
So do we have the results of the poll?

[SPEAKER_13]
Oh, the results of the poll.
Livio.
What are the results?
I didn't see your tweet, by the way, and I have you on notifications.
Didn't see it.
I didn't answer the poll, so add my note.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_14]
Okay, so what were the results?
All right.
Everybody's sticking around to find out what the results are.

[SPEAKER_13]
All right.
Well, so maybe Livio stepped away for a glass of water or something.
We'll ask him again.
I just wanted you to know, Steve and everybody that were other drum roll talking.

[SPEAKER_14]
I'm excited.
All right.

[SPEAKER_13]
So while you're doing that video, just telling everyone we're not having our Twitter space tonight.
We'll be back next week.
All of our helpers have, you know, various things going on sick, sick family and, um, Martha's in DC fighting for the cause, meeting with rep Massey and trying to change the world for us, which she does so well.
So, um, everybody will be, we'll be back next week.

[SPEAKER_14]
All right.

[SPEAKER_05]
It looks like we had.

[SPEAKER_14]
Wow.
Wow, that is impressive.
78%.
I thought it would be like 2%.
That's not bad.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah.
Okay.
Interesting.

[SPEAKER_14]
Okay.
Yeah.
Okay.
So they're only clipping my wings about a quarter.
So good to know.
Yeah.
I'm glad we did that.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah.
I wonder if just the lack of, you know, conversation responsiveness or whatever is, is people are flooded.
I don't know.
People are flooded with so many.
I know I am.

[SPEAKER_05]
Because we only posted it at the beginning and not again later.
I should have kept reposting the link, but I did not do that.

[SPEAKER_14]
No, but still people answered yes or no.

[SPEAKER_13]
So out of how many people I couldn't see it.
It was too fine.

[SPEAKER_05]
Oh, yeah.
38.
Sorry.
38.

[SPEAKER_13]
Oh, 38 people voted.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, we had 30 yes votes and eight no votes.

[SPEAKER_13]
And mine's no.

[SPEAKER_05]
So and mine showed up.
So I did get I did see the tweet.

[SPEAKER_13]
It's a small sample.

[SPEAKER_14]
It is a sample, but probably statistically significant.
Yeah, size was big enough.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah, yeah.
So a couple of closing announcements.
I mean, our conversation tonight just reminds us of how important it is to take the battle to the courts.
And we have the second COVID Litigation Conference or CLC2 coming to Las Vegas, March 7th and 8th.
It is not to be missed.
We will feature a series of informative panels on the biggest legal issues in COVID litigation happening still.
There are so many areas of the law where the fight must continue, not only to bring down the mandates, but to address the fraud by vaccine manufacturers, the catastrophic injury caused by the COVID shots,
the desperate overhaul needed of the vaccine injury compensation programs, and of course the improper liability shields both for the manufacturers as well as under the PREP Act for a whole list of people who administered the experimental shots.
Legal action is the way to stop these wrongs from being repeated into the future.
We have put together a seven-member team of experts on our steering committee.
I'm so excited.
Everyone just answered my poll on the best times to meet.
Everyone are top experts in the field, including, I want to point out, Ray Flores.
He is senior outside counsel.
Hold on one sec.
For swag, Livio, real quick.
So Ray Flores is senior outside counsel to the Children's Health Defense.
And Ray has represented CHD in a number of important COVID lawsuits, including filing the first legal challenge to the PrEP Act immunity.
That's brand new.
And also along with Robert Barnes, he represented CHD in challenging in the courts the EUA for Children.
That was all the way back in like August of 2021.
The lower court
said they didn't have standing, but now the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals is going to hear that case in Texas.
So it would be interesting if all this time later the court says, no, you can't pass an EUA vaccine or put an EUA vaccine
on the children's, on the CDC schedule for kids.
That's a separate thing, but even to allow it for kids who were not at risk from COVID.
So anyway, finally, that is in Las Vegas, March 7th through 8th at the Horseshoe Hotel, and we'll put links in the chat.
Tickets are on sale.
Okay, swag.
Don't forget about swag.
It's the best way to peacefully protest.
Just wear the shirts, let people know how you really feel.
I will never comply.
The fear is back, which points out what a sham it is.
We have a lot more great merchandise in our store.
Our favorite misinformation super spreader t-shirt.
Check out the link and then join us again next week.
We will be celebrating our VSRF Live 100th episode.
Can you believe it?
It's crazy.
And we have our dear friends and artists, Five Times August and Joseph Arthur.
Please join us.
That's at 7 p.m. next Thursday, right here on Rumble.
And we'll sign off tonight with a video from Global Health Project about masking.
And this was made by our producer, Livio, and our friend at GHP, Jeannie Sheffield.
Did you want to say something about it, Livio?

[SPEAKER_14]
No, okay.
It's great.
Yeah.
It's a great video.

[SPEAKER_13]
All right, so stick around.
How long is it?
It's a couple of minutes.

[SPEAKER_05]
You're now learning the controls, but I'm not on camera.
Oh, okay.
It's about three minutes.
Three minutes.
Yeah.
We're going to be doing this videos like this once a week for GHP.
Wow.
So the next one's going to be on the World Health Organization trying to mandate everything for all countries in the world.
So that's something we want to stop.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah, thanks for doing that work.
All right.
Check it out, everybody.
And see you next week.

[SPEAKER_14]
Wouldn't be great if they mandated no vaccines.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_14]
Let's take over the World Health Organization, put them in charge and then have them say no more vaccines.
That'd be awesome, wouldn't it?

[SPEAKER_05]
I'm down with that, Steve.
That would be great, especially given the new information we're getting with what's in them.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_05]
All right.
Have a great night, everyone.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah.
Thanks for joining us.

[SPEAKER_00]
I'm getting on a plane again, I'm thinking where's my mask do we need to go back to that.

[SPEAKER_11]
A mask can be your best friend.
Keep it private.
Back in time, we have them in our pockets, in our coats, in our backpacks.
Time to bring them out again.

[SPEAKER_01]
Cloth masks are no longer recommended to be used on their own.

[SPEAKER_04]
Is it true that cloth masks are proven to no longer be effective in protection from COVID-19?

[SPEAKER_12]
Well, no longer effective is a little harsh.
They are found to be much less effective.

[SPEAKER_17]
If public health officials feel it necessary to ask America to mask up again...
How many will comply?

[SPEAKER_03]
I am concerned that people will not abide by recommendations.
So I would hope that if in fact we get to the point where the volume of cases is such and organizations like the CDC recommend, CDC doesn't mandate anything, I mean recommends that people wear masks.
I would hope that they abide by the recommendation and take into account the risks to themselves.
and to their families.

[SPEAKER_17]
The most rigorous and comprehensive analysis of scientific studies conducted on the efficacy of masks for reducing the spread of respiratory illness, including COVID-19, was published last month.
Its conclusions, said Tom Jefferson, the Oxford epidemiologist who is the lead author, were unambiguous.
There is just no evidence that they, masks, make any difference, he told the journalist Maianne DeMossi.
But wait, hold on.
What about the N95 masks as opposed to the lower quality surgical or cloth masks?
Makes no difference.
None of it, he said.
Well, what about the studies that initially persuaded policymakers to impose mask mandates?
They were convinced by non-randomized studies, flawed observational studies.
How do we get beyond that finding of that particular review?

[SPEAKER_12]
A recent study reveals wearing masks to help prevent respiratory illnesses, including COVID-19, in part, quote, probably makes little or no difference.
The study conducted by the British nonprofit Cochrane was based on 78 randomized controlled trials in multiple countries.
Researchers say the results track what has been largely observed in the US that states with mask mandates fared no better against COVID than those without.

[SPEAKER_16]
Prior to the pandemic, we had 15 randomized controlled trials, all of them negative, all of them showing that masks are not effective at controlling the spread of respiratory viruses.
That has only been confirmed many times over during the COVID pandemic.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right now in the United States, people should not be walking around with masks.
