[SPEAKER_00]
Tonight on BSRF Live, cellular and molecular biologist Dr. Christina Parks joins Steve Hirsch.

[SPEAKER_03]
This technology turns your cells into manufacturing plants for whatever they decide to put in there, in this case, the spike protein.
And so here we see cells, I believe these are from lymph tissue, making the mRNA, and it was made out all the way until 60 days when they ended the experiment.
And then right behind that we see protein production.
So at least 60 days, and some people have said that they have seen spike protein being produced in the non-classical monocytes up to six months, possibly up to two years in some of the vaccine injured.
Now, this is going to be extremely variable depending on what you got, how this is working in your cells.
There are so many, many complex variations.
And that's the point, isn't it?
Nobody sort of standardized this process.
Some people's body may degrade it or maybe it was degraded before it got injected to you.
we don't really know.

[SPEAKER_00]
Also joining is Dr. Robert Seek, a compounding pharmacist known for his cutting edge and forward thinking solutions to traditional medical treatment challenges.

[SPEAKER_04]
The more nutrients the body has, the better.
And you can't have nutrients with toxins.
So if you look at some of the most common foods consumed in America made with flour and sugar, those things are not only nutrient deficient, they deplete nutrients.
But then when you start to develop these diseases that the most common prescription drugs are used to treat,
And with every decade, someone is on more medications.
Well, that's the second factor.
So you have nutrient-depleted food, because our agricultural soil is just not the same.
You don't eat enough of the nutrient-depleted good food anyway.
And now you're on drugs that further deplete your micronutrients.
So, yeah, I was very disturbed as a young man, as a pharmacist.
Is the human body just designed to fall apart like this?
As we age, and the answer is no, you have to work at it to stay healthy.

[SPEAKER_00]
And now, here's your host, Lisa Lakey.

[SPEAKER_02]
Hello, and welcome to the VSRF Live.
I'm Lisa Leahy.
It's a different night tonight because we're only on Rumble Live, so it's a super different interface.
We have a great show tonight.
We're joined by guest Dr. Christina Parks.
She has been a fearless leader in the health freedom movement.
And also as a cellular and molecular biologist with expertise in the immune system, Dr.
Parks has been investigating the mechanisms of injury from the COVID shots as well as how to heal from them.
So she'll be discussing this important work with us tonight.
Later in the show, we'll be joined by Dr. Robert Seek.
He is the chief of integrated therapeutics at the wellness company and a practicing independent pharmacist and pharmacy owner of more than 20 years.
looking forward to a very rich conversation about health, healing, and health freedom generally tonight.
Before we get started, I want to remind everyone that Nurse Angela on our team has over 24 years of experience as a registered nurse.
She has made a remarkable recovery from a serious COVID MRNA shot injury.
One injection, she devotes her time now to guiding others who are vaccine injured.
She is in transit tonight, so she will not be taking your questions live.
But if you would like to send her a question, please email Angela at nurseangelaatvaxsafety.org.
And we will put the link in the chat for that.
Of course, we will also have our live Q&A.
Tonight's our first week, as I said, exclusively here on Rumble.
We welcome your questions for Steve and our guests.
And if you formerly joined us on Zoom, the difference you'll see tonight is you just enter your questions into the chat.
There's no Q&A icon.
Also, please help us out by writing question four plus the name.
One of the two doctors are Steve.
That way, when we sift through the chat, we'll be able to find your questions pretty easily.
Also, we are taking donations through Rumble to help support this show.
And we are sort of urgently needing your support and help.
um through rumble rant is where you can donate and it's otherwise known as a super chat there's a little green dollar sign icon and uh we will move your questions up a little bit if you donate um to help us out we'll help you out um we want to thank our show sponsor the wellness company they have a first-rate team of medical doctors offering innovative products and extensive medical expertise via telemedicine
including treatment for long COVID and vaccine injury.
And as Lydia mentioned last week, they have just released their medical emergency kit with a carefully selected assortment of vital medications.
So you are prepared to start early treatment, to not be caught off guard, and to hopefully stay away from unnecessary visits to the ER.
I haven't gotten mine yet, but I absolutely am going to get this soon, this weekend.
We have a 10% discount code for you to use at checkout.
Go to twc.health forward slash bsrf.
Use the code bsrf to save 10% at checkout.
And now we're ready to bring on our founder, our VSR founder, Steve Kirsch.
He's here with us tonight.
He's a Silicon Valley entrepreneur turned top misinformation super spreader.
Do you ever get sick of being called that, or are you still proud of it?

[SPEAKER_05]
No, you know, when you're the best in the world, it's something you want to be called it, I guess.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So, Hey, I read your substat July 31st.
You did a survey, a pretty big survey, 5600 families, 12,511 children.
And what did you find?
Uh, what was the survey?
What was it?
What were the, what was the inquiry and then what were the results?

[SPEAKER_05]
It was basically to look at the odds of dying for vaxed versus unvaxed.
And there's a summary right there that basically shows that we had a lot more injuries than we had for myocarditis, pericarditis versus deaths.
We only had four deaths in the vaxed versus the unvaxed.
So that's statistically too small to
to really come up with some statistics.
But the myocarditis, pericarditis, we had enough incidences there to calculate an odds ratio of around 18.7.
So overall, you have an 18 times higher chance of being injured if you got the vaccine.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, and you're talking about ages 10 to 25, all that.

[SPEAKER_05]
Right.
So that's...
Speaking from prior of getting a serious cardiovascular injury or death.
18 times higher.
So in other words, what that means is that we're basically killing kids.
We're basically like, hey, if your death rate before was 1x, we're going to multiply it by a factor of 20.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
It's a tragedy.
And that doesn't even account for all the injuries between health and death, good health and death, right?
All the, all the, you know, the,
the diminution, the reduction in quality of life for kids who are suffering from chronic injuries because they didn't quite.

[SPEAKER_05]
It just means, you know, 20 times more if you're whatever, whatever you were doing before, it's 20 times worse with the vaccine.
So let's make sure that all our kids are getting the vaccine so we can really, it is so insane.

[SPEAKER_02]
It's insane.
Well, I can't wait to pull up Dr.
Parks.
But before we do, because she's going to have a lot to share with us about that, she's got
a lot of insight and knowledge.
But first, I just want to remind everyone that VSRF is a non-profit 501c3 organization, and we truly cannot continue doing the work we do to drive change and bring attention to vaccine harms and the vaccine injured without your generous support.
We really need it.
We thank everyone who donates, who has donated.
We know times are tough.
Whatever you can do really helps.
You can support us by scanning the QR code.
Are we going to show the QR code, Livio?
Or just go on to our website, vacsafety.org forward slash donate.
We'll put that link in the chat.
So now I want to introduce Dr.
Parks, our first guest.
She earned her PhD in cellular and molecular biology from the University of Michigan in 1999 and did a graduate research in the field of cytokine signaling, cytokines being those chemicals that the immune system uses to communicate.
So this gives Dr.
Parks a wealth of knowledge about how vaccines affect the immune system.
and she's been investigating the mechanisms of vaccine and spike protein induced injury and how to support the body and healing.
I just wanna say you have been a fearless leader in the health freedom movement over the past three years.
You gave my favorite speech at Defeat the Mandates DC and a great one in LA as well.
And so thank you for all the work that you've been doing.

[SPEAKER_03]
Thank you.
But I just like to say I was fighting this battle on before that.
We were just so censored that no one could could hear my voice.
So.

[SPEAKER_02]
And so how long have you been in the vaccine fight or just seven or eight years, at least seven or eight years?
And what what was the thing that brought you into it?

[SPEAKER_03]
I started questioning when I was in graduate school, when we started moving the vaccines under the age of two.
And I knew the immune system was not developed enough to mount a proper immune response.
And then they put chicken pox on the schedule.
And I was like, that's not a problematic illness.
And I knew we didn't know what we were doing.
We were just figuring out which receptors signaled.
And so I was like, we don't even know
how the immune system is working.
And so we really don't know what these are doing.
And I knew that.
And then I actually ended up going into teaching and I started to see a lot of neurological injury in our children.
And at the same time, I saw the vaccine, the vaccine schedule exploding.
I didn't know that the manufacturers didn't have any liability.
So there were a lot of things that didn't make sense to me.
From a scientific perspective that I was like why are we doing this?
Why are we doing that?
And I kept seeing more and more injury either large or small in our kids So finally I found that PubMed was online and and that's when I really started to do a deep dive because I actually as I as I stood up because I was like there's something going on here parents would come to me Nobody's been able to help me blah blah blah and these really complex cases and
that were just so heartbreaking.
And so I really wanted, I was like, there are different mechanisms of injury depending on which vaccines.
And I needed to know what was broken before we could fix it.

[SPEAKER_02]
Wonderful, can't wait to hear more about it.
I'll leave it to you too, and I'll be back for Q&A and when we bring on Dr. Seek.

[SPEAKER_05]
Cool, I'm still trying to figure out how I see the comments on this new interface.
Have you figured it out?
I messaged Livio to see the audience comments.
I can't seem to see those.
Anyway, let's get started.
Hey, I'm curious.
Are there any from your research?
Did you find a safe vaccine?

[SPEAKER_03]
Did I find a safe vaccine?
Well, I think all vaccines are avoidably unsafe because you're monkeying with the immune system.
There are some that have a much better track record than others.
That said, I would say that the infant pneumonia vaccine and the HIV vaccine are two that have a better safety record.
There are still, you know, there's still a risk with them.

[SPEAKER_05]
But you said HIB, right?

[SPEAKER_03]
Not HIB.
HIMOPHILUS and fluensis, bacterial meningitis vaccine.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, not safe on an absolute scale at all.
I'm not sure if you have kids or not, but if you had kids, would you give them any vaccines at all?

[SPEAKER_03]
Um, probably not at this point.
I did give my son and my daughter each two vaccines.
I did not know as much as I do now.
I researched them to the degree that I could at that point.
Um, and the reason is I just think that there's knowledge of how to support the immune system and, uh, that we have now.
And again, some of it's pressure.
They wanted a vaccine for daycare and you hold out as long as you can.
But, um,
And like a private daycare, they don't have to accept your exemption.
Like a public school has to accept your exemption.
And with that said, as I was saying, the pneumonia vaccine for children has a relatively decent safety profile.
But my friends in McDowell's gave one vaccine to all of their triplets at the same time.
And all three of them regressed into autism within 48 hours because that batch was contaminated.
and it killed two other infants.
So it is never without risk.
So my question is, one, well, first of all, there should be informed choice.
You should know the costs and the benefits.
And number two, we need to spend more time teaching people how to support the infant immune system instead of just always going the pharmaceutical route.

[SPEAKER_05]
So the McDowell triplets, so you know the McDowells?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_05]
I thought it was within 24 hours.
The first one was within two hours.

[SPEAKER_03]
I believe it was, but I was just expanding it a little bit because the last child was a little bit more delayed.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yes.
And so my question is, when was the last child?
Because that wasn't mentioned in the, in Vax too.
And it's always been this nagging question because I can't find it.
And I tried reaching out to the family and I got their phone numbers, but they're not, they're not talking.

[SPEAKER_03]
I could reach out to them.
But I mean, I don't know if that's as relevant as the fact that, you know, that child was the one that was easiest to recover.
The damage seemed to be the least.
And so, I mean, everybody's system reacts differently.
But the question is, why did they never get the support?
Why was it never reported?
Why have they never been compensated?
And their children are what must be 15, 16 years old now.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_03]
And I spent most of my time talking about what treatment modalities they had used, how effective each one was, trying to get at what was the root cause.
Whereas, you know, they could have just taken the batch when they figured out it killed two children, not the McDowell triplets, but, and they could have figured out what was wrong with it.
Then we would have some sort of mechanism and an idea of how to treat these children.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yes, unfortunately, there doesn't seem to be this active safety monitoring that can respond very quickly to this stuff.
So for people who don't know, the McDowell's had triplets.
They got them vaccinated.
And I think they were playing perhaps ketchup.
But I think it was just, it was a single vaccine.

[SPEAKER_03]
No, I think it was one vaccine that they decided to get.
They were just doing one at a time and it was a contaminated batch and they didn't find out it was a contaminated batch until years later.

[SPEAKER_05]
Right.
But for sure it was contaminated.
Is that correct?

[SPEAKER_03]
That's what it appears to be because it was batch specific.

[SPEAKER_05]
Okay.
And so the kids, all three kids basically developed autism within hours.
after taking the vaccine.
All three of the triplets got the vaccine.
They all developed autism after getting the vaccine.
And yet, the CDC denies, and the medical community denies that basically says, oh, no hypothesis, there is no link between vaccines and autism.
I mean, how can they possibly say that when the, you know, I don't even know what the probability
of having three autistic kids just by chance at all at the same time, effectively all at the same time.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right, and they're not identical.
They're fraternal, so they have different genetic profiles.

[SPEAKER_05]
It's got to be infinitesimal.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yes, basically impossible.

[SPEAKER_05]
Basically impossible.
So this one anecdote which has been heavily researched and people know about it and there's no doubt about what happened here, how is it that that basically isn't the counter example that proves to the entire medical community that yes, vaccines can cause autism because this coincidence could never have happened if the vaccines didn't cause the autism.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, I think that the response would be something like, well, occasionally things are contaminated, and which goes to our regular, what's the regulatory breakdown?
And so it was just a one-off, like one of them and a million.
This isn't your typical vaccination.
And so I think that it is important to talk about the more general mechanisms of injury, because that's when you say it's not just this one contaminated batch, which
clearly wasn't dealt with appropriately anyway, but it's some vaccines have very high risk for particular reasons.
And those reasons aren't being looked at and are not being dealt with, for instance, the aluminum.
Some of the strongest data we have is with aluminum.
But really anything that causes a hyperimmune response or encephalitis of the brain, the developing brain is supposed to be in an anti-inflammatory state.
Everything in the infant's body is geared toward that.
That's why they don't react well to bacterial vaccines.
That's why they're supposed to breastfeed.
That's where a lot of their immunity comes from, antibacterial compounds in the breast milk.
And so that infant brain is supposed to stay anti-inflammatory until the brain development is done around
two to three years old are mostly done, obviously they continue developing.
The reason why when you have encephalitis or an inflamed brain you don't develop autism, generally speaking, is because your brain's already developed, those neural pathways are already pruned, everything's already done.
When you inflame the brain and inflame the immune system during neurodevelopment, and we know this from mothers who had raging infections during pregnancy, then you put that child, that infant, whether prenatal or
after they're born at really high risk for autism.

[SPEAKER_05]
So basically, anytime under three years old is the is the critical window.
It could be at birth.
It could be a six months, three months, whatever could be before birth.
Right.
OK.
I'm taking notes here.
I'm going to add this to my article.
Because the funny thing is, I was talking with Peter McCulloch earlier today on this topic.
And he said, no, it's not.
It's probably not the aluminum.
It's basically the aluminum.
Well, it is.
It's basically the inflammation caused by your inflaming the immune system is the crux of it, which is exactly what you just said.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right, but I would say with the aluminum, we have some really good data out of the labs of Romaine Girardi and others that basically show that your immune cells actually eat this nanoparticulate aluminum, and especially in males for some reason, they take it to the brain.
It goes through the limb system first, but it goes to the brain where they deposit this aluminum, and then in mice and, I think in mice and or rats, they've basically shown that this aluminum causes
immune activation in the brain through microglial cells, and it secretes these highly inflammatory cytokines like interleukin-6, which is a key marker for autism.
So we have really, really strong mechanism for how aluminum causes neuroinflammation in the brain and aberrant immune activation.
That's some of the strongest mechanistic data that we have.

[SPEAKER_05]
I totally agree with that.
I read JB Hanley's book on this, chapter five, I believe, in his book.
Is this familiar to you?
Have you read this?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yes, but I tend to read the primary literature.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, but that's a great great That's one of the signature books to have on because it goes through all of the different things you need to know So it's a great reference right because he put basically he puts together Hey, there's this paper in this this paper this thing, you know, so unless you you're like you and you spend you have time Through it
JB basically says, hey, let me put together all the pieces for you.
I'll play Sherlock Holmes.
And he goes through 11 different studies, and he relates this study to this study, this study, this study.
And then when you wind them all up, they paint a clear path between injecting with a vaccine and an autistic kid out the other end talking about the inflammatory system and the cytokines in the brain and so forth.
So nice confirmation.
I'm glad we had this discussion.
So, but back to the McDowell triplets, I mean, once you have a case like that, you can't deny that injecting something into your body can cause autism, right?
Because people say, oh, you're born with it, or it's genetic, or whatever.
No, we have a clear case that if you inject something, depending on what it is, you can cause autism in kids.
I mean, that should have been like, okay, got it, check, everybody should agree, right?

[SPEAKER_03]
while you're forgetting something really large and green that is transferred between hands.

[SPEAKER_05]
I went to Larni, but he's purple.
What's Larni?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, largely in the minds of people and that's money.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, I know.

[SPEAKER_03]
I went with the McDowell's to DC and we went and saw our senators from the state of Michigan and our house representatives.
And what we found is, you know, the Republicans are really nice and did nothing.
the Democrats just gave us their aides and did nothing.
And we met with the aides who, you know, the people who helped them who were polite.
And I will tell you, I mean, their faces blanched when the McDowell's tell their story.
And then I followed up with the science.
So we had such a strong presentation that no one could deny the facts of our presentation.
However,
It doesn't matter because they're already bought.
They're already bought, all of them.

[SPEAKER_05]
All the blank faces, you know, and when they try... You know about William Thompson and...

[SPEAKER_03]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_05]
Okay.
And they try...
Congressman Bill Posey tried to get him to testify.
in front of Congress, and they basically told Posey to take a hike and that there would be no testimony.
And then nine members of the House tried to get a bill passed to force the NIH to do a study on the vaccinated versus the unvaccinated.
And the bill had nine cosponsors and didn't get out of committee.

[SPEAKER_03]
And this is why I'm launching a vaccine injury treatment alliance.
This is why I studied this stuff night and day.
Because a lot of people, especially with the COVID vaccines, thought if we do make a compelling presentation, someone's going to listen to us.
But the truth is they're finding out, well, we've already known.
No, they're not.
And so this is a road that we have to go ourselves.
And it's heartbreaking because you and I both know many vaccine injured people.
And to not have the resources to do the tests that we want to do, to run the clinical trials that we want to run, to kind of standardize some of these treatment protocols, and even just to have the backup, you know, one of the things that my friends will tell me is, well, I don't want to take this because I don't have the care should I, you know, start seizing or should I start doing this or that?
And I don't have a hospital.
I don't have all the resources to
you know, to care for people that should be cared for when you are starting some sort of treatment protocol.
So, especially if, you know, you're, you know, trying to hit it hard and really, really do some recovery.
So it's a very disheartening scenario.
But, you know, I believe we have God on our side.
And so we just keep moving forward.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, it seems it's frustrating.
It's frustrating to after decades that you and I can look at the science and say, there's no question that vaccines cause autism.
And yet the medical community still hasn't acknowledged that.
And until they acknowledge that, we can't say, OK, great.
The best treatment we can do is prevent it.
by stopping the vaccines for all the kids.
And so my question to you is, do you know of a study where you compare the fully unvaccinated with the fully vaccinated?
Compare those two cohorts.
I've seen studies, and the unvaccinated always come out ahead.
There's no exceptions.

[SPEAKER_03]
There are several studies.
There's the Mawson study, the homeschool study, and then Dr. Paul Thomas and his practice did a study, and then Brian Hooker and Dr. Neil Miller, of course, are just publishing their book.
And so all of them still... And so all of them still... And so all of them still... And so all of them still... And so all of them still... And so all of them still... And so all of them still... And so all of them still... And so all of them still... And so all of them still... And so all of them still... And so all of them still... And so all of them still... And so all of them still...
Right.
And even more so, you know, what Peter Abbey's work in Africa showed is that with the old DTP vaccine, which was causing seizures and harm in the US, so they moved it to a third world country and gave it to them.
And they're still giving it to them.
And it caused up to 12 times the mortality, the all cause mortality in girls.
12 times because it's mistraining the immune system.
The COVID vaccine is mistraining the immune system.
It's doing many other things as well in the same way.
And so we knew that these subunit vaccines are mistraining the immune system and are likely to increase all cause mortality, especially when you couple it with the kind of inflammation that is caused by something like either the pertussis toxin or by the spike protein.
So we know that this is problematic.
Of course, Peter Abbey, he was a vaccinologist.
That's what he does.
And so he's not anti-vaccine or he didn't used to be right.
He went to the WHO and said, we've got to stop this, especially with that particular vaccine.
And they ignored him because vaccines are leveraged for all sorts of political power and all sorts of other reasons.

[SPEAKER_05]
What's it going to take?

[SPEAKER_03]
While it's taking what it is taking now, which is, and this is where we can segue, which is all of these athletes and young people falling out of cardiac arrest.
It's going to take humility is what it's going to take, Steve.
And that humility, unfortunately with people like LeBron James, is going to be in seeing one of their child severely injured.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, I was talking to Peter.
about uh uh brawny and he actually thinks that brawny didn't have a cardiac arrest that it was just like uh pots and he says that's how he was able to get out of the hospital so quickly

[SPEAKER_03]
That's interesting because one of the reports I heard said that they were performing CPR which I mean POTS you would have a pulse, right?
So that's a little weird.
I mean the POTS has gone through the roof and for people who don't know what it is I'm not gonna tell what it stands for but basically it's a dysregulation of like your blood pressure when you stand up your body is supposed to
readjust your homeostasis so that your blood pressure adjusts that doesn't happen and so a lot of times you you pass out or fall out but it's it's it's even deeper it really has to do with a lot of gut brain dysregulation as well and so it may also have to do with dysregulation in your
in your your hindbrain, you know, so in your mandulabla and gada and places like that.
So it's complex.
We're still starting to figure it out.
But the rates of pots in our children is astronomical.
I was teaching in a homeschool.
Wait a minute.

[SPEAKER_05]
You mean you mean post vaccine?

[SPEAKER_03]
No, I just mean in general.

[SPEAKER_05]
Really?

[SPEAKER_03]
I don't even know if some of these kids are vaccinated because they were in a homeschool co-op.
And I think the glyphosate, the roundup, so this is more complex than just vaccines.
There's susceptibility issues and our children are just extremely toxic and their gut microbiome is destroyed.
And I had a class where a five, one of my smallest classes in my homeschool co-op, two of them had pots and two had or on the ASD spectrum.
And I didn't, I didn't even want to ask the other girl, you know, cause it's like, can we have some healthy kids?

[SPEAKER_05]
You know, I'm going to add that to my, my survey, but could the POTS be again, a vaccine?

[SPEAKER_03]
Absolutely.
It is a vaccine injury, but it's not only a vaccine injury.
I believe that the glyphosate in the roundup is doing such catastrophic harm to both the gut microbiome and other aspects of our body that it is setting up a perfect storm
such that the body cannot recover from the vaccines, which is why like people really think vaccine injury is where and it's getting more and more common.
And I know Stephanie Seneff has done that work that really draws a very, very high strong correlation with glyphosate and vaccine injury.
And in 2010, they started spraying all crops, like all seed crops with glyphosate prior to harvest.
And so people think it's just the GMO crops, but like chickpeas and lentils and oats all have astronomical levels of glyphosate if they were sprayed prior to harvest with roundup with glyphosate, which kills the crop, allows it to dry.
This is why, you know, with vaccine injury, it's really, it's a complex multifactorial thing that has to be looked at.
You've got genetic and epigenetic susceptibilities, but you've got things like glyphosate, gut microbiome, vitamin, mineral deficiencies.

[SPEAKER_05]
But your susceptibility could be proportional to the number of vaccines you've had.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, that goes without saying we have some pretty strong data on that.
Yeah.
But you know, I know two black women that both have two children who both were vaccine injured after the MMR vaccine.
So they clearly have a genetic susceptibility factor in that particular case.
Right.
It's it's clearly genetic.
And there are many, many genetic susceptibilities that have been researched and people of African descent that we just ignore.
We just ignore and we keep vaccinating them anyway.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
So like black males have a much higher.
risk of autism after a vaccine.
And, you know, that was in the study by William Thompson, the, essentially, the de Stefano study that was published in pediatrics, I guess, in like, what, 2002 or was 2004 or maybe it was 2003.
And they had to admit, they had to actually
Uh, extricate, uh, brian hooker was ordered to destroy all the records for the black, uh, the black boys.
And, uh, and I was talking, I think you mean william tomson was ordered to destroy the record.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
Yeah.
He was a lead scientist for the cdc.

[SPEAKER_05]
You said brian hooker.

[SPEAKER_03]
He was the one that got, um, william tomson.

[SPEAKER_05]
We all do that.
That's why it helps have someone else there.
Thank you for that correction.
Yeah, so I'm wondering, does that extend to other things as well to other chronic diseases that black males would be more susceptible to ADHD, to sinusitis, to epilepsy, and so forth?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, there are some key things to keep in mind.
And one is that
People of African descent, and this goes somewhat for people of Mediterranean descent, like Italians.
If you're in the malaria belt, there are certain mutations that protect from malaria, but they are really detrimental to your overall health.
And one of them is sex link, which means it's
It affects boys more than women because they only have one of this gene.
It's on the X chromosome.
And that's glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase.
Under any kind of cellular stress, their red blood cells basically blow up and go into lysis.
And so a vaccine containing 250 micrograms on the first day of birth, like Hep B, could absolutely cause them to go into crisis and their red blood cells start blowing up.
So Sheila Ely, who was in the Vax movie, found out afterwards that her son had this mutation and he got two MMR vaccines.
Now, the other thing is that people call of African descent
are much more inflammatory in response to vaccines.
Especially they respond more hyper-inflammatory to RNA viruses.
This is likely because in Northern Africa or Africa, you're near the equator, the heat and the sun kill viruses.
So there's not a lot of RNA viruses in their atmosphere.
Their bodies are more adjusted to dealing with parasites or some other types of things.
However, not with viruses.
they have mutations where they lack an enzyme that breaks mRNA or RNA down.
And so they're going to be more susceptible to COVID, to measles, mumps, rubella.
And we put three RNA viruses, live RNA viruses and one vaccine.
And the work of Gregory Poland out of the Mayo Clinic showed an astronomically significant
increase in inflammation in black boys.
And some of those were Ethiopian, I'm sorry, Somali in response to the components of the MMR vaccine.
So they're much more likely to be hyper inflammatory.
So they need a lower dose.
I mean, it could be something that simple or no dose.
Yeah, yeah, or as William Thompson's studies show, after you're free, or as you said, I mean, there's other ways, like let them get the measles when they're young, have lifelong immunity.
There's many ways to approach the problem, but instead, we're just ignoring it as if it doesn't exist.

[SPEAKER_05]
Exactly.
Exactly.
All right, let's...
So in other words, this MMR thing that our friend Andrew Wakefield.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yes, way back when.

[SPEAKER_05]
So some people believe that Andrew Wayfield is a charlatan and dishonest.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, that's because there's been a media campaign against him, right?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, yeah.
A horrible human being in there.
Other people who, like me, who think this guy is totally honest, he's brilliant, and his research was spot on.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right.
And all he did was say that these kids with autism have terrible gut problems.

[SPEAKER_05]
Correct.

[SPEAKER_03]
And their parents say this happened after the MMR vaccine.

[SPEAKER_05]
Correct.

[SPEAKER_03]
Maybe we should go back to the three separate vaccines at which times they pulled the three separate vaccines off the market.
So all you could get was the combined MMR and said that he was, you know, and then it took a few years before they started to actually destroy his reputation.
But his problem wasn't that he did the research.
It said he held a press conference.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
Well, he took a position that was for the truth.

[SPEAKER_03]
But there were other scientists saying similar things.
It's just that he held a press conference about it.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
There you go.
He was trying to stay alive.
Okay.
Yeah, as I said, I talked to Peter McCullough today and we were talking about, uh, uh, Brian James and, and I said, so, you know, like, what do you think?
Like, why aren't they saying anything about this kid?
Cause he gets out of the, he goes in the hospital, gets out of the ICU and by now they would have run all the tests.
They would have run the cardiac MRIs.
They would know everything.
We, they would know.
Precisely, there's no question that LeBron James knows exactly what happened to his kid at this point, and yet they're saying nothing.
And so I asked Peter, I said, Peter, so what does that tell you?
And Peter said, and we call this the McCullough rule kind of on the fly here on our conversation.
And the McCullough rule says that if they're not talking about it, it's the vaccine.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right, otherwise they would tell you what it is because they want it to be something else.

[SPEAKER_05]
Exactly.
He says that the McCulloch rule is right 99.9% of the time.
So my question is would you agree with that?
What do you think of the McCulloch rule?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah I think that that's probably pretty spot on and it doesn't matter because we have mechanism and I've been screaming this from the very beginning that when the body makes a toxic viral protein that the immune system is going to attack it and so you
You have so many mechanisms of injuries.
The nanolipid particles are absorbed by the fat.
The heart is encased in fat, so that's going to be inflammatory.
Then in young people, their cells are going to make that spike protein.
You get that second vaccine or you get a booster, and now you have immune cells attacking the heart cells.
The study just came out that showed one in 35 people post vaccine were showing signs of heart cell death as measured by elevated troponin levels.
So we know that there's injury to the heart.
It doesn't take a lot of injury to the heart to screw up your cardiac rhythm.
You put additional stress from athletic activity and adrenaline and it can have misfiring and you can get cardiac arrest.
It can be more serious than that, like what we've seen in the aortic dissections where the immune cells are actually eating through the walls of the artery because they're trying to attack the cells, making it the spike protein.
So you can, you know, have your aorta just sort of split and blow up.
You know, also there's the issue of clotting, which is maybe not quite as bad in the young, but we've seen lots of young people with clots.
So, you know, there's all sorts of immune system and blood dysregulation that's causing this very, very weird clotting.
So there's really many mechanisms.
And the question is, why are we ignoring all of them when the science is very clear about it?

[SPEAKER_05]
Well there's this big green thing.
to use your terminology.
So heart damage, you know, the CDC's been downplaying the heart damage saying, well, you know, it's a really small percentage.
It's only maybe one in 35 that are, you know, having any kind of heart damage.
That's really small, one in 35, I mean.
And it's only a little bit of heart damage, and they get better really quickly.
even though some large percentage get hospitalized from it, you hinted on that by saying that, gee, the heart is of like a fine attuned engine.
And so if you screw it up,
You know, by pouring a little sand, let it be like having a gas engine and putting a little sand maybe in the carburetor, it's not going to take a lot of sand to really mess up your pistons and rings and so forth in your engine, right?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, that's the thing.
So first off, all of these athletes should be screened because that heart damage that's going to possibly cause the arrhythmia when it's under stress and possibly lead to cardiac arrest and stressful.
If they didn't stress it,
Then they're probably not going to go into cardiac arrest.
They still have some damage, but the heart can kind of heal.
And if they're screened, they can determine the extent of that heart damage if it's been mostly recovered from before they stress the heart.
And if it isn't, then they shouldn't be
playing, right?
So we could avoid possible injury and death because if you have a heart attack, I don't care if it was just a minor electrical signaling misfiring.
Once you've had that heart attack, you can now, you know, cause all sorts of injury, you know, not enough oxygen to the brain, all kinds of different things.
or to the heart.
And the other thing is, when you have heart or injury, you're going to replace those dead cells with scar tissue.
And that scar tissue can compromise heart function going forward.
And we know that it's generally progressive.
The other thing is, if this is antibodies attacking the heart or immune cells attacking the heart or chronic infiltration with immune cells in the heart, this heart damage is going to be progressive.
And whether it's progressive or it just ends up being scar tissue, the prognosis is really bad.
It's like 50% death in 11 years for typical cases of myocarditis.
Now I'm talking about vaccine-induced myocarditis because we don't have any data on that.
It hasn't been 11 years yet.
So the prognosis is not good for people who have myocarditis or have heart injury.
And so they might say, well, they seem like they're doing fine now.
Well, wait until 10 years from now and follow up and see what heart damage now looks like in 10 years or looks like in 15 or 20 years when there's other complicating factors like diabetes or hypertension or something.

[SPEAKER_05]
these vaccines that we've been telling you together were really safe and effective or they weren't.
And we should distinguish between a heart attack versus a cardiac arrest here because the cardiac arrest is going to be more from the myocarditis than a heart attack would be.
The heart attack would be from
the blood clots being created by the vaccine.
So a heart attack is basically a coming off of the blood flow to the heart to cause it to misfire and a cardiac arrest is when the electrical impulses basically don't fire correctly.
So they're two different
types of cardiac injury caused by two different sorts of mechanisms.
What do you think happened to Brani James?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, I think that was likely either a cardiac arrest.
I suppose it could be POTS.
It's hard to tell, like, are the reports that they were actually performing CPR correct?
I mean, I don't know.
I wasn't there.
But it doesn't matter.
The whole point is we should be looking into these.
We should be asking the questions.
And everyone's like, oh, it's really, really rare.
And we keep seeing it left and right.
And Pfizer just released their data that showed they had all sorts of cardiac events in the trials.
And they just, they didn't do any sort of work up on them or whatever, any pathology on them.
They just sort of randomly decided that they were sure it wasn't from the vaccine and moved on.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, the investigators looked at it and didn't think that it was caused by the vaccine.
So nothing to see here, folks.
And the FDA just eats it up, hook, line, and sinker.
I spoke earlier this week with a guy named Jay Bonner.
He's an executive.
And in Seattle, he's a sales executive.
He knows a lot of people, knows about his Rolodex, has effectively when you add up his LinkedIn and his contacts.
and so forth.
He knows about 7,500 people.
And he said that he knows that in his life he's never had anybody die unexpectedly.
He's had people die expectedly, meaning old people and they die or someone who had lung cancer and standard cancer and they died.
But he's never had anyone in his life, not a single person die unexpectedly on him.
Once the vaccines rolled out, he had 15 of his friends.
And these are people he knows.
He knows directly of the 7,500, 15 of those people died unexpectedly and
Four of them died within 24 hours after getting the vaccine and three out of the four were 30 years old.

[SPEAKER_03]
Wow.

[SPEAKER_05]
So I mean, I know that zero zero died unexpectedly in the unvaxxed group.

[SPEAKER_03]
Look, fortunately, most of the, a lot of people I know are unvaccinated, but I hear many people knowing two or three people in their family that have passed of cardiac events or unexpectedly or cancer.
And so we really are seeing higher rates.
And the thing is you can say, well, that's just anecdotal, or maybe he's making it up.

[SPEAKER_05]
No, it's not because he actually had, he listed out every single name of the 15 people he died, complete descriptions of how he knows all the people, the ages, cause of death for all 15 people, it's all going to be public in my sub-stack.
And the chances of that happening are like one in 10 to the 15th, which means this is impossible.
If it's random.
Yeah, but it's like, I don't get, it doesn't even matter if it wasn't random.
I could have gone to every single person on Earth and I would never hear a story like that if the vaccines are safe.
I could not get anybody on Earth who would have a story like that ever.
Like in the history of the planet Earth.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right, and of course the insurance data, the insurance data mirror that, this show that we really have astronomical all-cause mortality in young people from 25 to like 44.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, so it's so frustrating to have anecdotes like this with a single anecdote.
With one single anecdote I can prove
that that there is it is impossible for the vaccine to be safe that the vaccine is basically killing people at a differential rate.
That is several times higher there.
Basically you're you're increasing your chance of unexpected death probably around 10 X or or some somewhere around there.

[SPEAKER_03]
It's quite higher than that actually.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, that doesn't surprise me.
I'm trying to be conservative because I'm a misinformation spreader and I've got to be, you know, got to be a little careful.
But yeah, it's quite...
So what would you estimate the elevation in the number of... Go ahead.

[SPEAKER_03]
No, I'm not, I'm not much of a numbers person.
I'm a basic science mechanism.
But see the thing is like, if, like, if, if it's, if it's two times higher, then it would be like twice as many people died.
Well, it's more than twice.
It's more than 10 times.
You know what I mean?
It's probably increasing your, your risk of death in the, like in the hundreds of times.
more likely to die.
Because really most of us are not going to die.

[SPEAKER_05]
But we're not seeing the athletes.
I think we're only seeing like what like for the athletes when you look at these these graphs of what it was before and after the athletes are like isn't it like 20x?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, it depends on what you're talking about because your chance of dying as a young athlete is almost nothing.
So you double that and you just have twice nothing.
So you have to increase it by like a thousand before you even have a decent risk of dying and we're seeing a lot of them dying.
So I would say it's a very high risk, but again, I'm not a numbers person.
I'm just thinking through the fact that young people have, whereas like an old person is actually fairly likely to die.
So increasing their risk of dying two or three times is significant, but increasing the risk of a younger person dying two or three times is almost nothing.
So you're increasing their risk of death really, really much higher.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, by the way, the base death rate goes down by about a factor of two every 10 years.
You go down, so once you go down far enough.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, are you talking about for COVID or just in general?

[SPEAKER_05]
No, just in general.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
We can't hear you Lisa, you're muted.

[SPEAKER_05]
Thank you.
So let me ask one more question before Lisa chimes in, which is the spike protein.
Do you think that people are going to be making spike protein for life after getting these vaccines?
Do you think everybody makes spike protein for life, or do you think some people?
Like, what do you think the distribution is if you were to draw the bell curve?

[SPEAKER_03]
I saw a study and, of course, I'd like to see it replicated that showed that some expired batches had almost no adverse events.
So the more broken down.
vaccine is the more it doesn't work the luckier you were and maybe you had an inflammatory response to the junk in it but once your system cleared it you weren't doing too bad so the other thing is younger healthier people are more likely to take this up and more likely to make the RNA to make the to take that mRNA and make the spike protein from it.
because their cells are more effective.
That said, it's going to be so variable by batch, by person.
I know that they were detecting spike protein in the monocytes two years out, so I would say some people clearly are.
And is it being integrated into the genome?
The other thing is,
Some of these were really really contaminated with that plasmid DNA that can integrate into your DNA So some of the people making it their blood cells may have taken up that plasmid DNA Integrated and they may not be making it from the RNA.
They might be making it from their DNA So it goes DNA RNA protein.
So if that plasmid DNA was integrated the other thing is the plasmid DNA is
being integrated is also going to cause insertial mutagenesis and we are seeing all of these different kind of cancer-like proliferations of different types of blood cells depending on where it was integrated and they appear to be clonal.
So there's just all kinds of, whether it's immune or even red blood cells, this stuff is getting into the DNA and it's causing all sorts of dysregulation, all sorts of problems with those blood cells.
So I would say the blood cancers, the lymphomas, all of that are going to go through the roof because of that plasmid contamination.
The mRNA can cause it, but the DNA is more likely.
And in some batches, it could be 10% to 30% of the batch, could be that DNA.

[SPEAKER_02]
When you go to the doctor and you have one of these rare cancers caused by this contamination, the doctor is going to say, oh, you just have a genetic genetic.
You know, this is right.
This is a genetic disorder.

[SPEAKER_03]
I don't know what they're going to say.
They're just going to, but they're not going to say it was the vaccine because the other thing is I'm a molecular biologist.
I studied gene therapy for years.
I was in graduate school for eight years.
Your doctor doesn't know anything about about this gene therapy.
They have no idea what the cost benefits.
We really looked at the cost benefits.
The other thing I didn't realize I was talking to Jan C. Lindsey.
is that because it didn't work, the gene therapy didn't work, that's why we're not doing it as gene therapy.
And so people stopped studying it.
They stopped studying the cost and the benefits and whatever like we did when we were in graduate school.
So some of the new scientists really are not that familiar with this technology unless they're specifically working for a pharma company on it.
And so that discussion, all the regulatory agencies were disbanded, and you can say whether that was nefarious or not.
But still, that discussion was no longer in the scientific community.
And so it's taking some of us old school scientists to come forth that this is what we studied when we were in school and said, hey, wait, wait, we know this is a problem.

[SPEAKER_05]
Wow.
So you can't rule out the possibility
that some people could be making spike protein for life?

[SPEAKER_03]
No, you can't because it, well, it would be integrated into their DNA.
So they could be making it for a long time.
Many times, the body might attack and try to kill those cells.
It's hard to say.
It's something you would have to study, but you certainly could not rule it out.

[SPEAKER_05]
could not rule it out, right?
And there should be like a warning label on the vaccine saying, hey, this vaccine- This goes to your ovaries and the plasma DNA might integrate and send it to your child.
Yeah, maybe harmful to your health.
Well, we're gonna get to- Just like the smoking, just like the little box on the smoking, on the cigarettes, right?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, yeah.

[SPEAKER_05]
Taking this vaccine may be harmful to your health.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
Well, let's bring on Dr. Seek and then we'll get to a bunch of audience questions.
And there's some good questions, Dr. Park.
So it'll bring out some more of the work that you've been doing.
So Dr. Robert Seek is the chief of integrated therapeutics at the wellness company.
He's a compounding pharmacist and owner of Partel Pharmacy in Las Vegas, which has been in business for over 20 years.
Dr. Seek is known for his cutting edge and forward thinking solutions to traditional medical treatment challenges.
So it's no surprise that his pharmacy was the first preferred independent pharmacy to partner with the wellness company.
He has extensive experience in pharmaceutical and biotech in that pharmaceutical and biotech industry, including with research and marketing of novel agents for the treatment of various infectious diseases and endocrine and immune disorders.
Welcome, Dr. Seek.
It's great to have you.
Oh, yeah.
Hit your microphone so you're not muted.
It's on the screen, bottom of the screen.
There's a little microphone icon.

[SPEAKER_05]
Wow.
All the, all the background noise just went away.

[SPEAKER_02]
Oh, what background noise?

[SPEAKER_05]
Oh, I was hearing background noise the whole time.

[SPEAKER_03]
We have a storm here, so that might have been what you were hearing.
I just muted myself.

[SPEAKER_02]
Oh, shoot.
Let me ask a question while Dr. Seek gets his microphone up and running.
Dr.
Parks, the question that everyone always asks me, just as a friend, as a layperson, do you think that if a person had signs of vaccine injury, like they got really sick after the vaccine, or they even have a low grade chronic condition, are they more likely of suffering an unexpected death?
Or is it true that even if you had no ostensible reaction to the vaccines, you could just suddenly die one day?
That's the fear, that you have some quiet illness.

[SPEAKER_03]
Oh, now you're on mute.
looks to be a considerable number of people that have no effects whatsoever.
And, and then they have the sudden death.
I'll give an example of someone I know thought they had bladder cancer.
They went in and they had this amyloid protein lining their bladder.
I can tell you that was one of those clots.
It just was in the bladder.
So it wasn't like threatening.
And they were told it was just this really weird one off kind of a thing.
And I'm like, no, and they didn't really have a significantly bad reaction to
to the vaccine.
So I would say that there are people, the clotting, I would say is the issue that's happening that people are not aware of.
So, you know, it's causing and in the clotting, whether it's directly spike protein related or just this many different ways it's dysregulating the immune system is happening to a very large percentage of people.

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay.
Hey, we have Dr. Sieg.
Yes?

[SPEAKER_04]
I think my microphone is working now.
How is that?

[SPEAKER_02]
Good.
That's way better.

[SPEAKER_04]
Good.
Great.
Thank you.
Sorry.
Just one setting.
I need to have a better studio.
I'll work on that.
But glad to be here.
Thank you.
Yes, you read some of my background, Lisa.
And I was listening to the discussion, Steve and Dr.
Parks.
And I had some points to bring up because just recently there's some things that came to mind clinically.
But you touched on the fact, yes, I have 10 years of clinical trials management experience in the biotech industry.
Viral diseases, rare immune disorders, but I bought a compounding pharmacy and it's a really interesting place to be.
And working with the wellness company has been such a treat because what I've done from my allopathic training as a pharmacist, the PharmD,
is acquire a lot of knowledge over the years about integrating various therapeutic approaches that include diet, lifestyle management, and supplements based on data that's available, patient responses, and it's a really good position to be associated with the wellness company in that regard because what you're talking about, these issues that so many of our friends and family members are facing if we only just pick on
modulating spike protein, intervening on spike protein, and the myocarditis.
That's just one area that's problematic in association with the vaccines.
We have a long road to go in terms of how we're going to help people become healthy and well again.
So again, thanks for having me on.
I appreciate it.

[SPEAKER_02]
In the pharmacy during COVID for you, it sounds like you were on the right side of this
the whole time, like you haven't just come over to health freedom and come over to vaccine injury.

[SPEAKER_04]
No, in fact, I'll tell you about two conversations that occurred early on during this whole COVID issue.
I'm not going to call it a pandemic or epidemic because we have a viral disease that had such a low infection fatality rate untreated.
I did have a customer walk in and say, oh, you're going to offer the COVID vaccines, aren't you?
And I said, no, I'm not going to do that.
He said, why?
And I said, ethics.
said this is unproven technology for a virus that has a very low infection fatality rate.
And what did we see early on?
Mere nutritional interventions like supplementing with zinc and vitamin D reduced the risk of getting COVID, or if you got it, it would reduce the risk of hospitalization.
And the second conversation, and there were multiple ones of these, were physicians that would call the pharmacy sometimes angry.
asking me why I was an advocate of dispensing ivermectin or hydroxychloroquine for COVID.
And I said, I don't understand the question because I'm not an advocate.
Just because I'm doing it, I'm dispensing the medications that the doctors ordered.
But since we're talking about this issue, I've trained myself to be an excellent treatment consultant, a physician or a patient has questions about therapies, what's the value, what's the downside.
And just looking at hydroxychloroquine's effectiveness against
any virus that uses RNA polymerase, RNA dependent RNA polymerase to replicate.
It's a drug that's been used in the very young and the very old for a long time in ivermectin.
Same thing, very safe drug on the market for over 60 years.
Four men shared the Nobel Prize in Medicine and Science in 2015 for the work on ivermectin in humans.
My basic question, my retort was, what's the downside?
These drugs are proven, the safety profile, adverse event profiles are known, but the vaccine is what is pushed.
And look at what we have to deal with today with regard to the vaccines.
I think we're gonna have a lot more problems that we're gonna face clinically and need to find unique ways to resolve.

[SPEAKER_02]
by doctors and for ivermectin.
So did doctors find you from all over the states?
Like, oh, we got one.
How did that work?

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, I just had a personal friend reach out and connect me to at the time it was America's frontline doctors.
Stella Emmanuel actually herself reached out to me.
My pharmacy happens to be licensed in 48 states.
I have almost all 50.
And even when the Nevada governor banned the dispensing, the Nevada governor banned the dispensing of hydroxychloroquine for COVID, I never said no to a prescription.
And the Nevada governor and the board of pharmacy were both sued for the practice of medicine because we saw this behavior with the chain drugstores.
Now,
I'm an unapologetic capitalist.
However, I'm an ethical capitalist, but I also know the dark side of the pharmaceutical industry.
Vaccine programs are very profitable for pharmacies, and many of the chain drug stores now have clinics, and they really push the vaccine, but would deny hydroxychloroquine or ivermectin.
And that is an intervention, just like the governor of Nevada and Nevada Board of Pharmacies said, well, that's an intervention.
We are going to deny therapy.
We're going to deny treatment that the doctor prescribed.
That is a clinical, that is a treatment decision that these companies make that is the practice of medicine.
That's why they were effectively sued, the ban was lifted.
And it was found later by investigative reporters in Las Vegas that the then governor, Steve Sesselek had stored an abundance of hydroxychloroquine in the Nevada prison pharmacy system.
Why did he do that?
Because it didn't work?
I don't think so.

[SPEAKER_02]
Right, right.
Yeah, really interesting.

[SPEAKER_05]
Why did he store it there?
It wasn't like for personal use.

[SPEAKER_04]
So it's state purchase contracts for those medications in the Nevada prison system.
So that's how it's done.
The state prison system will buy directly from manufacturers.
So it's on the state budget.
So somehow the decision filtered through from the governor's office to the person in control of acquiring the medications to the purchasing group for the pharmacy.
Not like me, I have to buy from independent wholesalers, but I'm an independent pharmacy.
Chain drug stores the same.
But it's a portion of the state's budget.
That's how the decision came down.
Buy this and store it for me.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, let's get to some questions.
But for what purpose?
What are they storing it for?

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, that's a good question because the governor denied this despite the presence of an abundance of hydroxychloric acid in the prison system.
That question was never answered by anyone associated with the governor's office.

[SPEAKER_05]
And the other thing I heard today is that they suspended HIPAA.
When COVID came out, HIPAA was suspended for COVID cases.
And then it was reinstated after the vaccinated people were dying at a higher rate than the unvaccinated.
So in other words, it's almost as if they wanted to make sure everybody knew about the unvaccinated people are dying.
And then when the vaccinated people started dying, then they said, yeah, it's probably better if you did.
We put HIPAA back.
Just coincidence, I'm sure.
Did you hear about that?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, I did hear about that.
And it sounds like sometimes Steve, you're as cynical as I am because when I first learned about
really the egregious behavior that often occurs, the collusion between drug industry and different healthcare corporations.
It's certainly not in the best interest of the patient at all times.
There's a definite profit motive that casts a particular hue.
And let's just take, for example, this entire vaccine issue, right?
And let's look at the long-term implications.
Oh, well, isn't it convenient?
I'm a cynic about the fact that Pfizer,
purchased a company that has in research phase three clinical trial a drug to treat blood clots.
Well that's interesting.
Sales of the drug eliquids, which also fights blood clots, sales of eliquids are up remarkably.
So this is analogous to, let me dive down a little rabbit hole if you like, Steve.
Oh, I can't hear you.
I'm sorry.

[SPEAKER_05]
You're muted, Steve.
No, sorry, sorry.
I was just saying that if you could just invest in one drug, wouldn't that be great, right?
Because the rates of blood clots are guaranteed to be high for a good amount of time.
It's almost like it's baked in.
It's like sort of global warming.
It's baked in that we're going to be seeing a lot of blood clots.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, you're absolutely right.
And if you don't mind, I'll take up a little two minute segment to kind of segue into some of the recent things that have come into the picture clinically.
So Dr.
Parks, this will be something for you and your colleagues to really look into because I'm not the molecular biologist expert.
I read a lot of data.
antifospholipid syndrome.
And while I was listening to you discuss the death rates due to the vaccine, what I want to remark on, so you're all aware of that, is the reduction in fertility.
Now, fertility centers are growing.
These are palaces that are being built.
There's many of them.
The practice of clinical infertility medicine is just really booming right now.
And we saw, from COVID to now, the average woman in America having from 2.3 children to 2.1.
That's quite a dramatic reduction in the fertility rate in America in a short period of time.
It's about a 15% reduction.
And you're talking about the blood clotting issues, and I wonder from the perspective of, say, autoimmune disease.
Anti-phospholipid syndrome is an autoimmune issue because remember, the envelopes to deliver the vaccine
the envelopes are phospholipids.
They are coated phospholipids.
So what happens when you introduce a foreign-made or manufactured phospholipid into the human body?
Could we not induce an autoimmune response?
And is that a reason why we are seeing
Autoimmune disorders, potentially against the placenta, is that one of the reasons we see so much endothelitis, myocarditis, pericarditis due to this autoimmune reaction because phospholipids make up all of our cells, is that why we're seeing so neurologic issues.
And I'm just putting it out there as something for the audience to consider, something for Dr.
Parks and the colleagues to look into.
Because on my side of things, what I've dedicated myself to doing is researching what best treatment options are available for patients.
And that includes integrating, yes, we've talked about the prescription items, like ivermectin.
Lotus nautrexone is often used as well to quell the inflammation.
We use a lot of nutritional interventions too, anything from intermittent fasting.
to certain nutritional supplements that will help neutralize the spike protein.
I think the learning is just beginning, and I hope that we can help a lot of people.

[SPEAKER_02]
Wonderful.
Hey, I have a first question from an audience for you, Dr.
Parks, which is right on point with what Dr. Seek is talking about.
Do you think, and maybe you don't have to pick one, but they ask, do you think that it's the spike protein that's causing more of the damage to the body or the lipanano particles?
And I'll add on
based on what Dr. Sieg just said, is it an immune reaction to those things when they're in the cells?
Thank you.
Oh, you're on mute.

[SPEAKER_03]
This might be a little bit long.
So I think that the spike protein has pleotropic mechanisms of injury, and all of them result in inflammation, but it's destroying the mitochondria.
It's binding to our tumor suppressors.
It's causing inflammatory signaling.
But that said, now your cell membranes are the most complex integrated computer system ever developed, and they modulate thousands of signals all at the same time.
When we put these nanolipid particles in there, they're synthetic lipids, and so they could be generating an anti-phospholipid response, but I'm going to get to that in a second.
But they are actually integrating into your cell membranes and disrupting the entire signaling function of your cell membranes wherever they're integrated, not to mention their other inflammatory things.
One of the things that I do want to stress is that all of this causes so much inflammation.
And your cell membranes actually, parts of them break off and do their own signaling.
There's lipid signaling in the body that is anti-inflammatory.
And the chronic immune activation, the chronic inflammation is
pleading them of the different lipids that they need to do this anti-inflammatory signaling.
So it's really, really important to replace these key phospholipids, which is something that there are not a lot of products in the market to do that really hasn't been done.
But as far as your anti-phospholipid syndrome, which is a very typical vaccine injury from the childhood schedule as well,
and from different vaccines that have something like squalene in them that are also fat-based.
But the model that I'm kind of suggesting is one where anything that is highly inflammatory, whether that's the spike protein, whether that's aluminum, whether that's viral reactivation, whether that's chronic immune activation from leaky gut,
All of these together can create a perfect storm, or one of them if the inflammation is high enough, where you actually create such chronic immune activation that you create a state of your T cells, which are what are trying to respond to kill the virus, actually start to stand down.
They go into something called T cell energy.
And when your T cells don't work, what do your T cells do?
They destroy infected cells.
They destroy pathogens, and they destroy cancer cells.
So if your T cells aren't working, you're going to get all of these illnesses, and cancer might start to proliferate if you have small amounts of cancer.
If you continue that inflammation, that chronic immune activation through the spike protein, through the nanoparticles, through viral reactivation, whatever it is,
That's when you actually put the body into a state where it starts to make autoantibodies, aberrant autoantibodies.
It makes some normal ones normally.
And so when you're talking about these autoimmune responses, yes, it could be molecular mimicry, which is what Mr. Robert Seek is suggesting, or Dr. Seek.
However, it also could be putting the body into a chronic state of immune activation where it forces it
through a threshold where it just sort of naturally starts making aberrant autoantibodies against self.
And so whatever is floating around in there, whether it's syncytine, which is the spike mimic syncytine.
So there's some molecular mimicry.
involved in sort of the menstrual issues or in terms of when you were talking about anti-phospholipid.
So it could be that or it could be this chronic immune activation that's pushing the body in that direction.
Yeah, absolutely.

[SPEAKER_02]
Wow, so this is related, but I think it's a little different.
So is it Timmy?
He asked, can you discuss the effects of IgG class switching to IgG4 from repeated vaccinations?

[SPEAKER_03]
So that's kind of what I was talking about.
That's really complex.
And the fact is we don't know, but what we know is that IgG4 switching is
part of that process that's going to cause the body to make more of those auto antibodies.
And so this antibody production is incredibly complex.
If you never believed in a God, then study antibody production and you know there is a God.
And it's very, very regulated.
And so when it switches to something aberrant like this,
you know sort of all bets are off and that's when we start to see the production of these auto antibodies and again my hunch is that is in response to chronic aberrant immune activation but it's something that needs to be nailed down.
It's pretty complex science and I would need to review those papers but I'm familiar with it yes.

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, one paper came out a few months ago about IGG4 over production, basically like switching to this mode of IGG4.
The way I recall it being explained was that it's like an allergy, like your body when it encounters
the offending protein, the virus, the wild virus, it's in this IgG4 mode, which is basically saying, oh, that's just a nuisance.
That's not a real threat.
And because you're making IgG4, your immune system is gonna be weakened and it won't mount an appropriately strong reaction against the virus when you encounter it.
It's gonna treat it like it's an allergy when it's not.
Does that make sense?

[SPEAKER_03]
I understand what you're saying.
I'm not sure that's quite right.
I would really, you know, I always want to get the science.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, well, thank you.
Well, let's get another question.
And everybody wonders, can the can the vaccines, can the can the mRNA LNPs, can they be passed through to blood products?

[SPEAKER_03]
Absolutely.

[SPEAKER_02]
Absolutely.

[SPEAKER_03]
So yeah, and they're going through your breast milk.
They're being secreted by your skin.
They're going through all your body fluids.
They're definitely shedding.
There's a paper that just came out.
We think you might be shedding the protein.
Duh, like, and we think masks work.

[SPEAKER_02]
I mean, sorry, I just can't.
So is it the same?
Is that happening because the mRNA was modified?
with the urodines?
I mean, because it seems like normally RNA just degrades.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, your RNA doesn't make it out of your cells, generally speaking.
But remember, this is in case in those fat-like
particles.
And so you're going to be shedding those.
And you also have DNA in those little particles and every other thing.
And you breathe this stuff out.
Once it gets into your circulation, you're going to breathe and exude it out in every possible way.
The idea that you didn't or that it stayed in the injection site, they knew better than that.
I don't know what's wrong with these people.

[SPEAKER_02]
Right, right.
So a question for Dr. Seek.
The Ask Two Step wants to know, can you comment on nitanoxanide?
This is a medicine.
Tell us what it is and what it might be good for.

[SPEAKER_04]
Nitrozoxanide is an anti-infective.
It's been used as an anti-parasitic and has antiviral activity.
It is not widely available in the United States except as a branded drug called Elinia.
So that is actually used for primarily, it's indicated for traveler's diarrhea.
So that's an FDA term.
This is what the drug company research is for.
It's actually quite expensive.
It's about $1,200
cash price for a round because the Nidazoxanide generic is unavailable, very difficult to find in the United States.
And I've had people ask me about it, their doctors recommended it as a treatment and I can compound it as a compounding pharmacy.
So I have some of it, the powder is expensive.
Some patients have actually got it from Canadian
pharmacies.
So you'll find that there's multiple agents that are recommended in various treatment protocols for not just treating the virus, but potential bacteria associated with the virus.
Nitrous Oxonite is just another treatment that's added to the armamentarium to help reduce either the viral load or secondary bacterial infections.
But it's originally indicated for travelers diarrhea, but like we found with hydroxychloroquine, ivermectin, far reaching benefits when it comes to various cases of COVID.

[SPEAKER_02]
Wow, interesting.
I'm going to switch a question over to Steve.
Based on your survey, do you believe that the reproductive harms would be 18 times higher?
Harm to the reproductive organs might also be 18 times higher like you found with death after vaccines.
I mean, do you think you can generalize to that or no?

[SPEAKER_05]
No, you can't necessarily generalize it because each of these things that you're looking at can have a different factor.
So I don't like to speak off the top of my head and make, you know, prognostications that are not based on data that I basically, if I don't have the data, I don't like to
to a pine on something.
So I just rather be safe and say, I don't know, but
We do know that the Lebanon particles target the ovaries and the VAERS data.
It's almost like it's every other serious adverse event in VAERS is a woman's reproductive system.
It's not quite that bad.
But it's just populated.
If you look at the top 50 most elevated symptoms reported into VAERS,
the women's menstrual issues.
If you did a pie chart, that would be the top hit.
So I think it's probably a good bet that it is, if I was to bet, not that I would ever do such a thing, but if I was to guess at this point, I would say probably a lot higher.

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay.
So yeah, go ahead.

[SPEAKER_04]
I have a question for you, Steve, along the lines of our mutual cynicism.
I think you know the answer to this question, but was not Albert Burla, Pfizer CEO, a previous researcher, a veterinary researcher, and he did research on programs that actually reduce the fertility and multiplication rates of animals?
Interesting kind of parallel to what we're facing.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yes, but I think that this is one of these unintended consequences as opposed to a, you know, let's scheme to do this.
I think they, and I talked to Janet Woodcock after I saw the Byron Bridal was the one who found the study of the biodistribution data and he got that
through a FOIA request to Japanese government.
And so then he surfaced that data.
And I asked Janet Woodcock about it via email.
And she said, yeah, we're aware of that.
But it's harmless.
That's how the FDA looked at it as it's harmless.
It's just
a harmless protein.

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, we know better.

[SPEAKER_05]
And here's a question for either of the Dr. Wikipedia, but basically still thinks it's a harmless protein, by the way.
If you go look at my Wikipedia profile, it'll say, Oh, yeah, he said that the spike protein is dangerous, but there's no evidence of that.

[SPEAKER_02]
Right.

[SPEAKER_05]
Right.
I didn't see if they changed my Wikipedia.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
What a bunch of garbage Wikipedia has become.
So for either doctor, does the body keep making spike protein even when attempting to mitigate it by taking ivermectin and nutraceuticals?
So does that, do those things grab the spike as you're making it or does it prevent spike from being made?

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, I'll comment on the agents that are used to neutralize spike protein.
And I'll give you my theory on the spike protein manufacturer.
So first of all, I don't know that it's elucidated very well how long someone who is vaccinated or exposed to COVID actually produces the spike protein.
I think there's going to be tremendous variation population-wise that way.
And I was listening to Dr. Park's comment on the integration of mRNA or DNA sequences.
And in you were asking Lisa about the endurance
of somebody self perpetuating spike protein through their own cells, but I'd have you also consider a transfection into the gut microbiome of that mRNA sequence to produce the spike protein there.
But we've got to neutralize it.
So if we could have just even one show and say what's the primary therapeutic target that we know we can shoot at today and neutralize, let's get that spike protein.
because it has so many mechanisms by which it causes damage.
Induction of autoimmune responses on the ACE receptors.
We talked about the phospholipids.
We're seeing other binding domains where we produce antibodies against those binding domains that have autoimmune effect.
Plus just talk about the endothelitis and the damage from the spike protein.
So it's primarily why ivermectin is used because it binds the spike protein to neutralize its binding.
We also recommend natokinase.
There's a number of herbal products that work as well to help neutralize the spike protein.
I like a broad spectrum approach, especially with things that are safe.
How much damage are we going to do with ivermectin?
The wellness company, I work with them.
We've developed a product for spike support.
It is a collection of natural ingredients like Irish sea moss, the black seed oil.
There's also some natokinase in the product as well to help neutralize the spike protein because
I think we are all exposed, as Dr.
Parks pointed out, shedding is real.
And the question I have, which I'll defer to Dr.
Parks after this as well, I'm of the assumption that those who are vaccinated who are making spike protein are making it for at least six months.
Well, what's the recommended booster schedule?
Let's just put that aside every six months.
They're making it for at least six months.
And some people it may endure and some people it may not.
And what I hope that we'll find is not everyone who has exposed the spike protein, let's say by shedding, does have that durable high-sprike
protein load.
So if we're just exposed due to shedding, do we have a lower spike protein level and therefore less damage?
I hope so.
What can we do to mitigate it?
There's a number of things that we can do, and I mentioned those, the nutritional support, ivermectin helps, even once or twice weekly dosing for prevention, and intermittent fasting.
That's been talked about in a number of the protocols, and what intermittent fasting will do is put the body into a state of autophagy.

[SPEAKER_02]
Hey, we've talked about that.

[SPEAKER_04]
So you know very well that that works.
And if I were to pick one thing, let's shoot at spike protein from multiple angles to reduce it.
So I hope that answers the question.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, thank you.
Dr. Park, she's also been looking at how to heal from spike protein and do damage.
What are you finding basically the same stuff?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, I agree with him on many of those.
I think that the people who a lot of people will be okay and then they'll spiral.
So two things.
One is that if you got COVID, generally speaking, you don't make antibodies to the spike protein.
Making antibodies to the spike protein is problematic because they cross react with 20 to 30 of our own proteins.
And every time you see the spike protein from someone shedding on you or because they have
you know, COVID or whatever, you're going to have an autoimmune response.
So some people are genetically predisposed to having an autoimmune response because of the way they're more likely to make autoantibodies.
So they're also more likely to get things like lupus and other diseases.
But if you got vaccinated, you're putting so much spike protein in, you're pretty much driving your body to make antibodies against the spike protein, which may cross react with your own tissues.
And again, so then whenever you see that spike protein through shedding or somebody who has COVID, you're going to have an autoimmune response.
And so if we can get rid of everybody going around taking the dang vaccine, there are going to be less people to expose you to, to get that autoimmune response.
In terms of a target, I agree with the spike protein.
I do want to say that that plasma DNA infects bacteria.
So you don't have to worry about the mRNA getting in that plasma DNA could get into our bacteria and then we could spread it to everybody vaccinated or unvaccinated.
is or will that happen?
I don't know.
And the plasmid also has a nuclear localization signal for mammalian cells, so it's targeted to the nucleus of mammalian cells where it would naturally, that SV-40 promoter region, integrate into
your DNA and misregulate your own immune, your own, you know, your own gene expression.
As far as, so I would take a two prong approach, I think ivermectin is great because it's both anti-virus, anti-inflammatory, prevents spike protein binding, but unfortunately people seem to have to be on it chronically.
And so the question is how can we recover the whole system?
I really think that
reestablishing good phospholipids, which is something that really nobody is really doing.
Krishna Dhanaparthi is really an expert in that area, is going to be really key, and also activating the body's own antioxidant response, which is the NRF2 pathway has shown really, really great effect.
and repairing the mitochondria.
So I think repairing mitochondria, there's another gene that can be activated.
So activating your own body's antioxidant and detox response.
And it's sort of protected.
Those are the mechanisms through which ozone and things like hyperbaric work, you know, there are some other NRF2 activators on the market that it won't go into really here.
But those also work to severely reduce inflammation.
one of the most problematic things is this sort of antihistamine mass cell reaction and the fact that people who are extremely vaccine injured they have such vast endothelial damage that like you can give them anything and it ends up in this allergic mass cell reaction and then their endothelitis starts acting up you know some maybe they take eloquist and then they
spiral out of control and so the system is so destabilized that stabilizing the system is one of the hardest things and then maybe when you just think it's stabilized they're exposed to the spike protein again perhaps it's an autoimmune response again and and then they're spiraling again.

[SPEAKER_05]
Is there a known technique to get somebody out of the spiral?

[SPEAKER_03]
I'm sorry.

[SPEAKER_05]
Is there a specific protocol?
Peter McCullis has talked about using some supplements and so forth to get people out of the death spiral here, right?
So if you're caught in, if you're vaccine injured, right?
Is there, what are the paths to, are the paths to recovery?
Well, we don't know, try this, try this, try this, try this, try this.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, I don't know that we know because some people then they get shy to take things because sometimes even taking a supplement can throw them into a spiral and so the question is whether you try another supplement or You take a step back now if you have them in a hospital under
continuous care then you would feel a little bit more confident because if they spiraled in the sepsis you've got high-dose steroids that you could rely on you know as a backup or something but when they're in their own home it's a little bit more challenging because you don't even we're not even taking all the markers of these people as all of this is happening is this a cytokine storm is this sepsis is this endothelial breakdown you know
Yeah.
Well, that it makes it difficult.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
Dr. Dr. Seek looks like you have something on the tip of your tongue.

[SPEAKER_04]
You know,
Trained as a functional medicine pharmacist, I can tell you that interventions and strategies to help treat autoimmune diseases has been always a topic of conversation for years.
And it's just because it's so difficult.
So your T regulator cells.
So let's say you have a dysthymia from inflammation or spike protein.
So your thymus is damaged.
And for one reason or another, you become dominant in one of the T helper cell pathways.
And so what we know in the field of functional medicine is once you are TH2 dominant, the pathway, the etiology, is pretty consistent through many autoimmune diseases.
But take your pick where it's going to manifest based on that same type of TH2 dysregulated response.
If your body is attacking your skin, we call that scleroderma.
You're attacking your drug tissue.
We call that rheumatoid arthritis.
You're attacking all of your connected tissues.
We call that lupus, your thyroid.
It goes on.
How do we shut that off?
It's very difficult.
And what Dr. Park said is in acute phases, yes, we can use pharmacologic, pharmaceutical, and integrative strategies to get the acute inflammation down.
But long term,
what are we going to do?
And I believe she's absolutely right with restoration of phospholipids.
And it's rare to find the clinics, functional medicine clinics that would actually administer intravenous phosphatidylcholine.
You can buy that as a supplement.
But what I found, and I'll just make a little note because I kept it in my brain when we talked about the NRF2 pathway.
I gave a talk on this to some people.
We were looking at subgroups that did not do very well at all, did very poorly during COVID.
So we know the over 65 morbidly obese, diabetic, endured weller, that was a big problem.
But vegan did very poorly as well.
Vegans did poorly.
And why?
Well, first, they have PPP, Pistore Protoplasm.
Second, they have diets that are very high in seed oils.

[SPEAKER_03]
What did you say?
Pispore.

[SPEAKER_04]
Pispore protoblasm.
Oh, that's good.
So there's a book, really interesting book, and I love it because it's so easy, Healing with Amino Acids.
There's a lot of things you can do with just supplementing on amino acids, and there's a whole book written about just enocidal cysteine.
So we see that in COVID protocols for a number of ways, detoxification, reducing inflammation.
There's even clinical data on enocidal cysteine having direct effect on the COVID virus itself.
But with vegans, this is what's sometimes overlooked that NRF2 pathway requires niacin to be sustained.
And why did vegans do so poorly?
They have diets very low in niacin.
You know, in the 1920s, the agricultural substrate that was used in the production of bread changed to make bread rise faster, which made the niacin from the harvest wheat less absorbable.
And there's some theories out there that this coincides with also the rise of insane asylums in Europe and the United States, because without niacin, we have neurotransmitter dysregulation as well.
But if you don't have niacin, you don't have an active NRF2 pathway.
You don't have an NRF2 pathway.
You have very potent inflammatory cytokines that run wild, and vegans
they don't eat meat.
That's our best source of niacin today is grass-raised organic beef or bison.
That's the most dense concentration of many nutrients, including niacin in the current American diet.
Vegans don't eat that.
Okay, I'm just going to interject here.

[SPEAKER_03]
But what about the fact that niacin can often cause a histamine response, especially in those of us who are predisposed to a histamine response?
It depends on the form of niacin or something like that.
We're having a long affair here.
Sorry.
No, not necessary.

[SPEAKER_04]
Because the cheapest niacin that's available is the flush niacin.
So we use that to elevate HDL to modulate blood lipids.
But why do people get flushed?
Well, that's because of that histamine response.
But when you couple niacin, like we do with minerals, we can couple them to an amino acid chelate to make them more absorbable.
So you see something like magnesium moly, magnesium aspartate, or three-in-eight that gets into the brain.
We can do the same thing where you couple the niacin to other molecules that, one, enhance absorption from the gut.
But number two, enhance cellular uptake.
And it's these special forms of niacin that actually do not have the flushing reaction.
So I like to use the precursors, the niacin precursor.
So in the world of anti-aging medicine, the NAD molecule is talked about a lot.
And the cheapest way to build up your own NAD, which drops precipitously from 25 to 70, from 200 micrograms per deciliter blood down to 60.
is to use nicotine mononucleotide.
That's a popular supplement now.
And you know it works when the FDA threatens to ban it, because that's what happened with N-acetylcysteine.
We're gonna ban N-acetylcysteine.
Amazon took it off of the web, took it off of their store.
NMN, the FDA has threatened, oh, there's a patented drug coming out that uses NMN.
This is a vitamin.
But that's a form of niacin that does not cause the flush effect.
And so yeah, you have to stay away from the cheap regular niacinamide.
That's what's causing the flush effect because it's not absorbed into the cells and it's going to cause degranulation and that's why people turn red.

[SPEAKER_02]
So say it one more time.
What is the form of niacin that people should be getting?
That is not niacinamide.

[SPEAKER_04]
I like the nicotine mononucleotide.
There's a special, uh, so what you don't want is the niacinamide.

[SPEAKER_02]
Right.
No niacinamide.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
Yeah.
You want the nicotinamide riboside forms.
These are, they're more expensive because of the manufacturing.

[SPEAKER_02]
Is it called nonflushing niacin?
I've seen that label.

[SPEAKER_04]
I don't know that that's really the same because I know that nonflush niacin doesn't have the positive impact on raising LDL that the niacinamide does, the straight niacinamide.
different side chain of the niacin molecule.
I can't recall the name right now.
I don't know if it would be effective in restoring the NRF2 pathway or maintaining the NRF2 pathway.
No flush niacin.
I doubt it.
You need the more absorbable forms or just, you don't need to supplement it necessarily if you're getting enough from your diet.
And today, nature's number one source is the grass-fed organic meats.

[SPEAKER_02]
Wonderful.
Well, I'm looking at the clock and we've kind of hit our time, but I'd like to leave with just a message of hope.
That all sounds really complicated.
It sounds like it's really hard to heal.
It sounds like a big mountain to climb.
We've got shedding.
So how do we get out of this?
Can we get out?
Are we going to be OK?

[SPEAKER_05]
Just listen to what the CDC says.
Dr. Park, you're muted.

[SPEAKER_03]
Here's where both of us are scientists.
And it is really important to get into the science.
And I'm going to be following up to get his information and make sure I get the correct names for those supplements for the non-flushing niacin to help with that NRF2 pathway activation.
But I would say that we are, I go back to the spiritual.
I really believe we are spiritual beings.
Otherwise, some of my vaccine injured friends really just wouldn't be here.
And I do believe that when we send a request to God, whether it's in the form of a prayer or just our soul is crying out, that there is an answer.
So I would tell people that trust your intuition and the most amazing neurochemicals are made whenever
We're happy or whenever we're grateful So you know some of the best therapy that you can do is to go to the beach put your feet in the sand You're grounding you're grounding those electricals You know if you're on the ocean get that salt water around you get some vitamin D and watch your two-year-old daughter or niece or you know, nephew play and
and have joy.
So wherever you can incorporate joy and purpose in your life because the biochemicals that you make in your brain are the most powerful ones there are.
And I do really believe we've seen animals that will search out what they needed to cure their own cancer and eat that plant or something.
I do believe that our intuition that there's more information.
I'm big into physics, right?
So that there's more information.
We send electrical signals.
That's why we're doing this via Zoom.
We send all sorts of electromagnetic signals all the time.
And so your brain also registers so.
So I do believe in the power of intuition to heal yourself.
If you have an intuitive sense that something might help, that that's probably right.
Now, obviously use your brain.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
No, that's a wonderful message.
I love that.
Trust your intuition, have joy, have fun, cultivate gratitude.

[SPEAKER_03]
And we're working on it.
I mean, we're definitely putting forth, I'm saying, you know, do these things, but there's more to us than just a medical treatment.

[UNKNOWN]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_02]
So true.

[SPEAKER_04]
I want to echo that because I think that was lovely and that was a very erudite way to summarize it all because, you know, as a pharmacist, there's a lot of value in the pharmacologic approaches.
So if that integrates prescription drugs and supplements, yes, it integrates, well, those two integrate together, but what else?
What Dr. Park spoke to is the principle of vitalism.
So you talk to naturopathic doctors that are trained in this way and they will tell you if you do enough right things for your body,
You will put it in a state where the assaults against it will be overcome by your body's own will to heal, your body's own mechanisms to heal.
Now we have to go much broader than just the pharmacologic approaches.
And like she said, you have to walk the beach barefoot without sunglasses.
you're pumping your lymphatic system.
You're getting ultraviolet exposure to the blood in your eyes, which kills parasites.
Isn't it wonderful how nature works?
You're pumping your lymphatic system to clear the debris.
And as much as we can transmit the electricity of emotion, joy and love, the more that we do that, I think that puts ourselves into healing mechanism.
But I also believe this too, and I'm really grateful to be on this podcast because it's
It's part of a community.
It's why I'm associated with the wellness company.
I'm glad to be here because I think as much as we are broadcasters, we are also receivers.
I think DNA can function like an antenna.
And if you put the right intentions out there in the world, not only for yourself, but for others.
I mean, there have been studies on meditation, how small groups of people will meditate on peace.
And violence in very difficult areas engaged in war decreases because of the intention of a few.
And that's beyond the normal way of thinking for even practitioners, say, well, I'm going to use an integrative approach.
And yes, it is.
I think all of those things have value.
Dr.
Parks is exactly right.
So I just wanted to echo those comments.

[SPEAKER_02]
I'm so glad we ended on that because I was feeling myself get
you know, down a little bit by all of it.
And that's just so, it just reminds us all that it's so true.

[SPEAKER_03]
And with that said, like even Dr. Seek being on here tonight, with the sense of like, sometimes I'm missing a piece.
None of us can know it all.
And if our intention to find an answer may bring us together with other people who have that peace, and we both, you know, we're all sharing information that gives us all a peace.
And it never seems fast enough or enough on our time, but we have to trust that God is working in this situation and that the pieces are going to come together.

[SPEAKER_02]
And that's the final word.
That's wonderful.
Thank you both so much.
It was great information, and it will be out tomorrow for our viewers to watch the record and try to write some notes if we missed some of those big names.
Thanks for coming.
I have a few announcements.
And to both of you as well, we have Twitter Spaces right now, simulcasting.
our back safety handle.
If you're inclined to come over and continue the conversation for a little bit, I'm sure the folks over there would love to ask some more questions if they didn't get their questions asked.
Everybody else come on over and join us at VaxSafety.org.
No, the handle is at VaxSafety.
It's on Twitter.
Also, I urge everyone to check out an excellent sub-stack.
It's the Uncensored Citizen.
It's authored by our esteemed BSRF volunteer, Karen Stewart.
Super bright.
She comes from an engineering background.
This is a chalk full of resources related to health freedom for everything from finding the best treatments to upcoming events to put on your calendar.
We'll put a link to that in the chat.
It's the uncensored citizen.
Earlier this week on Monday, we had our BSRF College edition live with Mila, Phoebe, and Ben, and Dr. Michael Huang.
He actually joined this time.
He was supposed to come a couple of weeks before.
He joined this time.
It was a great conversation.
He is a family medicine doctor in my own state of California.
And he was basically run out of the state for putting patients first.
And there is the.
The thumbnail.
Next up, don't forget our VSRF swag shop is open.
We have VSRF beach towels, bathing suits, slippers, dresses, tumblers, PJ pants, tons of good stuff.
Check it out.
We'll put the link in the chat.
And finally, next week, we will be again here exclusively on Rumble and our guests will be Dr. Peter McCullough, Chief Scientific Officer of the Wellness Company and a renowned cardiologist, quite a hero in the health freedom movement.
Come back and join us and we'll leave you with a little video clip of Dr. McCullough.
Thank you everyone and have a great night.

[SPEAKER_01]
Along the lines of social good, we've seen a lot of destabilizing events over the last few years from the short-lived Me Too movement to Black Lives Matter to now this gender ambiguity
movement, a rebirthing of a controversy of a road road versus Wade, election integrity, pandemic response.
There's just been a whole series of destabilizing events, meaning, you know, this this this idea that we could even identify social good is going to be something that's going to be challenging.
But I think everybody should be disturbed
with the complete abrogation of due process and due process everywhere, including corporate governance, government operations, the courts, the military, the complete lack of due process.
And how did this happen?
It happened with pandemic response and a false narrative that any person at any time could spread the organism to someone else.
So therefore, we can't meet in person.
We actually can't conduct due process.
We can't have a trial by jury.
We can't have board meetings.
We can't get together and discuss things.
We can't have any discussion offline.
Everything's going to be on WebEx or Zoom.
So this loss of due process, you saw how that happened.
In Canada, the bank accounts were seized with no due process.
There was no law that said that could happen.
There was no vote to say, OK, that's going to be a good way to handle public uprisings.
It just happened.
It just happened.
And we saw this through Nazi Germany, through the rise of communism, the lack of due process.
And now we're seeing it at the corporate level, various mandates that come down.
There's no due process.
It's not like there's company board votes and the disclosure of who voted which way on a particular topic.
You see companies actually making decisions almost in a group
think copycat manner.
I mean, one of the best examples was the airlines and the mask mandates.
They actually didn't really have any constitutional or judicial basis for even mandating to begin with.
Our Center for Disease Control doesn't have
executive powers of any type.
They make recommendations basically to doctors and to patients.
So this idea that the CDC would recommend a mask mandate and then the airlines would carry it out as if it was a ruling.
As if the CDC actually has ruling powers.
Then it took a federal judge in Florida
To say, no, you, you can't do this the CDC doesn't have executive powers to be able to create a ruling or an executive order, or, you know, a legislative vote or something that goes in as a house resolution or have this none of that.
And so the federal judge had to say, listen, no.
And as soon as the airlines, which they could have done it on their own anyway, as soon as they felt some any type of court support, they dropped these max mandates in a heartbeat.
And it wasn't just for the planes.
They dropped it in the concourses.
They dropped it in the clubs.
And then not even connected to the airlines, you saw the rideshare operators drop it.
And on and on and on.
So there's some type of group thing going on.
There's been the abrogation of due process.
the complete dissolution of corporate integrity and of transparency all at once.
