[SPEAKER_07]
Hi, everyone.
This is Mila Radetic.
I am a host for the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation's live college edition.
And welcome to our biweekly Monday show.
Tonight, we will be talking with Phoebe Lu, a University of Connecticut student who was canceled from her school along with $23,000 of merit scholarships, and Tice Pat, an Ohio University student currently fighting a lawsuit against COVID-19 mandates.
We have some wonderful guests for the past few episodes, but tonight we will be returning to our regular show to talk about an evidently increasing issue, the issue of indoctrination in our educational systems.
Before we get started, VSRF is a
501C3 organization with a mission to end COVID-19 mandates and advance COVID-19 vaccine safety through public education and advocacy of scientific research, as well as to provide support to the vaccine injured.
We encourage open and transparent conversations, scientific and medical inquiry, and questions.
We are calling for truth and transparency in our colleges so our fellow students and future generations can receive informed consent and freedom to have education without coercion or mandates.
We support education for all.
Thank you for joining us live on Rumble.
And if you would like to ask any questions, please drop them in the comments or in the live chat box next to our video.
All right, can we cue the first video?
Sure.

[SPEAKER_12]
Let's cue video number two.
Let's call for a community organizer to stir things up, to create...

[SPEAKER_04]
When they discovered that they could do more to remake our country by going into the schools than they could by throwing bombs.

[SPEAKER_05]
I believe the average patriotic American underestimates the importance and influence education has on their children.
That's how the large majority we had in 1980 to elect Ronald Reagan in a landslide has been lost.
It's not because the other side has had lots of children.
No, they're boarding theirs.
But instead they're capturing ours through the propaganda they teach them, seven hours a day for 13 years, and even longer if they attend college.
We are losing most of our children to the other side because of the anti-American, anti-God, and anti-free enterprise rhetoric they are filled with in the government schools.

[SPEAKER_01]
Government schools are not teaching.
Basic reasoning processes.
They're not teaching logic.
They're not teaching actual data of history and science and mathematics.

[SPEAKER_04]
And if your education is rather limited, then you're inclined to believe that government can be the solution to your problems.

[SPEAKER_03]
When you look at the desks in the school room, you'll find four together.
Or maybe a table.
They sit around table.
Independent desks are very rare in most classrooms because they don't want to promote the self-sufficiency, independence mindset.

[SPEAKER_11]
You go back to William Z.
Foster and his book, Towards Soviet America, you will see how he has a whole chapter there on how we have to supplant education in this country.
and ultimately force every student to attend public school.
That's the other thing.
I hope the homeschoolers catch on to this.
The homeschoolers in the Christian day school movement are going to have some very rough times ahead of them because the public school crowd cannot afford to have any competition and they're having and they're being given plenty of competition by the homeschoolers right now.

[SPEAKER_10]
You see the effects of that lowered educational standards.
There's no more studying of the classics or studying of the civics or, you know, how the US Constitution was formed.
It's all progressive education.
It's all based on the identity politics, the isms, the current trendy isms, environmentalism, racism.

[SPEAKER_03]
They're training them for the collective and a collective mindset and a dependency mindset.

[SPEAKER_09]
And it seems that they, again, want to have people be uneducated so then they do become wards of the state.
They're dependent on the government to provide everything for them.

[SPEAKER_02]
It's under 10% of kids believe that there is an absolute right and an absolute wrong.
And why are we surprised?
We've sent our kids into this government system that indoctrinates them, that teaches them about tolerance and diversity and multiculturalism, and not about reading, writing, and arithmetic, not about what our founding fathers had to say.
It's consequences.

[SPEAKER_08]
Alright, so I actually picked up that clip from this documentary called Agenda One.
The link is in the description if you do want to go check it out.
It's free on YouTube with Chinese and English subtitles.
But the context to that video and why I wanted to show you guys it is because
of the infiltration of a socialist and communistic agenda in the United States.
And how this links over to COVID-19 is particularly important when one of the speakers mentioned they want to create a dependency mindset.
And historically, back in 1960s, around that era, when people realized that, oh, it's really difficult to divide a united nation
You know, there are nations that are still under communist agendas right now.
You take China, for example.
You take North Korea, for example.
Those are very obvious communist countries.
But if you look to how, you know, Zimbabwe, how Argentina, they used to be very, very strong independent countries.
they are much lower and they're not doing as well as before economically and socially is because of a silent infiltration of their society.
And if we look to the United States and you look at the trends and what values people have, what values American people have in the American family, you can see that it's disintegrated much over
the past hundred years or so.
And this was all started because, well not all of it, but one big part is because the Marxist agenda was using education as a tool to socialize children to be a tool of the state, so creating this dependent mindset
And we can particularly see it with COVID-19 and how we had lockdowns at first and then we had the stimulus checks.
So a lot of students were getting stimulus checks or the AARP or CARES funding.
Or bribes.
Or bribes.
Right, right, exactly.
And that leads to a dependency mindset of even if there is a crisis, that's okay because government will come in and help us out.
But the issue is that, you know, it all seems really nice and really good, like government is helping out the people.
But then you think about, okay, if I am dependent on the government, what if, you know, I'm upholding my end of the stick, what if someone else doesn't uphold their end of the stick, right?
But the issue is that they're using very patriotic words
to push forward this dependency mindset.
They're using very patriotic words to hide their communistic motives.
And if we keep on going forward with this dependent mindset,
then we are losing our independent thinking.
We are losing our critical thinking.
We are losing the ability to discern between is this right?
Is this wrong?
Is this a true fact or is this misinformation?
So this is how infiltration of a socialistic agenda, just one of the examples that it has been shown and particularly in education systems.
So you can't hear you.

[SPEAKER_07]
More technical difficulties.
Well, that video is really a good introduction to what's going on in these school systems that a lot of parents are overlooking, a lot of students are not aware of, but some are.
And in these educational institutions, indoctrination is seen as a common practice now.
Nobody's really surprised by it being there.
Tyce, I want to hear what you have to say on this.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, I think it's working now.
OK.
I don't, my, my quality might be kind of bad because my usual mic isn't working.
But, uh, yeah.
So, I mean, I completely agree.
Like the colleges have been completely infiltrated.
Um, and it's not even like, it used to be a secret, right?
Like it used to be like, they would never admit that it's Marxist ideology and that it's communist ideology that they're trying to inject into these schools.
Now they're proud about it.
I'll see people.
There's teachers that'll wear shirts with Karl Marx on them.
It's like insane.

[SPEAKER_07]
I have to agree with that.
I have I just took several classes and in the textbooks, it's like, oh, we're it says in the beginning of it, we're teaching from a Marxist ideology point of view.
And these these are like basic classes I took a couple of years ago, like communications in English.
There's no other point of views that are included simply from that.

[SPEAKER_08]
And one thing to add in there, because this is America, you are free to wear whatever shirt you want.
You're free to teach whatever you want.
But the issue is that if we aren't teaching students how to discern for themselves, then it's very easy to provide them with one source of information and that's all they get and that's all they believe.
So if you taught a student that, you know, if a student is brought up thinking and being taught that snow is black, not white, then that's all they know, right?
Like regular fresh snow, if you called it, it's black, you know, it's charcoal gray, it's black, then they will grow up thinking that, yes, the snow is black.
And then when you say, you know, no, actually, the snow is colored white, then they're like,
What?
That doesn't align with how I've been taught my whole life.
So, while it's okay to have differing opinions where, you know, teach different things and, you know, wear different shirts, the issue is that students don't know how to have an individualistic opinion, individualistic thinking.
And especially with suppression of individualism, as we have seen, you know, it's getting even, even harder to teach people, you know, good values and how to be self-sufficient.

[SPEAKER_07]
You know, something I've been saying or I've been hearing from almost all the students in my classes is when you come to something and you have differing opinions, opinions, and they're,
They're starting to say, well, that's OK.
I have my own reality.
That's your reality, and this is mine.
And that's, I think, absolutely insane because there is only one reality.
You can have different opinions, but you don't have different realities.
And that's also creating a whole frame of mind where it's like, well, this is my truth.
It can be true for me, but not for you.
That just doesn't make any logical sense.

[SPEAKER_06]
So I've talked about this a few times and this is where this hasn't just happened overnight either.
And that's kind of why I wanted to talk about like before they kind of wanted to keep it a secret.
Now it's so out there that there's no reason to for them to even like lie about it and say that they're being unbiased and trying to teach both sides.
What I think it started with was the curriculum really started to change with
I mean, even back in high school, I'm sure you guys heard about like common core and like there's all like everybody's teaching the same things that is comes down from the federal government and you know, like the big teacher unions are creating this curriculum and really what I've noticed too.
a lot of professors and even teachers in high school did this, where the assignments that they were given, even if they had nothing to do with political issues, socioeconomic issues, anything like that, the assignments were created, I call it busy work, right?
It's the kind of like work that you don't gain anything from it, right?

[SPEAKER_07]
If it just fills your time, right?

[SPEAKER_06]
And
It's kind of like, they're just like, do it.
If you want to pass the class, you have to do it.
It might be stupid.
You might not gain anything from it, but you have to do it or you're not going to pass the class.
So that kind of put students in a mindset and it continued and continued for years where you have to do what the professor tells you, or you're not going to pass.
You have to do whatever you're told, no matter how stupid it is, or you're not going to pass.
That's just the way it works.
And that kind of put kids in the mindset where they'll do whatever they're told.
And I think a lot of that, the reason colleges especially want to do it, is because I'm sure everybody listening is college.
They love to brag about, we have these partnerships with these huge companies like Microsoft, Bill Gates Company, and Pfizer, plenty of colleges are connected with and have partnerships with.
You know what these companies want, these big, huge corporations?
they want people that are going to shut up and do whatever they're told at work.
For example, Pfizer, if Pfizer had free thinking employees who, you know, like were willing to push back against what they were told to do, we would be in a complete different place right now.
So it was colleges responsibilities over all these years to create these students that would become the employees that'll shut up and do whatever they're told, even if it's,
fake clinical trials if it could be much more sinister as we know.
We don't know how deep and what they're talking about behind the scenes, but we know at bare minimum that we have some whistleblowers like Brooke Jackson that have came forward, but she can't be the only one that's ever seen all this stuff going on.
There's legitimately thousands and thousands of employees just working under Pfizer's umbrella that
Won't speak up.
They have to pay their mortgages.
They have to pay their bills.
And so they're going to shut up and do whatever their employer tells them to do.
And I think human nature is to not be like that.
But it's those years of like what we're talking about indoctrination in school.
that is trained people that you have to do what you're told or you're not going to go anywhere.
You know, you'll fail your class or get fired.

[SPEAKER_08]
COVID was a huge example of that.
Just let's take a look at all of the mandates.
If you don't get the mandate, if you don't get the shot, you're going to get kicked out of school.
For me, it was if you don't take the shot, don't get the test, you get kicked out of school and you lose your scholarships, right?
And
While I didn't have a mortgage or I didn't have a house to pay, at that time at my life stage, college was my life.
Just like how, you know, a house and a family and a mortgage is a life to many Pfizer employees.
And, you know, COVID and college was the perfect
first petri dish for breeding the new generation of Americans who aren't speaking up and who aren't thinking for themselves but would rather sacrifice one of their own beliefs in order to keep a job.

[SPEAKER_07]
It's a culture of conformality.
They're not allowing any individualistic thought and kind of transitioning back to it being in schools.
I was in fifth grade when the Common Core was implicated and it was so difficult for the class to be transitioned into that because we did do the Pledge of Allegiance before that.
We did learn about American history.
After fifth grade, I didn't take a single American history class, even though I was supposed to be in one.
We never learned a single thing of that.
And in my English classes, it was all social justice.
In math, I was taught math is racist.
And it just continued to progress and get worse as going up in the grades.
And when I got to high school after being transitioned into a public high school, after being homeschooled in a gifted program,
I was expecting to go in there and learn a whole bunch of things, but all I met were a bunch of arguments and debates with my teachers.
And they were telling me, you're never going to get to college if you don't listen to us.
And we weren't learning in class.
It was the busy work that I was refusing to do.
But it wasn't even that that was the problem.
beliefs they were trying to make me conform to that I was refusing to say and write that I agree with.
So because I did not believe their ideological
like things they were trying to put inside my head and everyone else.
It was absolutely nobody believed nobody in the entire school believed that I graduated and tested out simply because I was failing all my classes because I wouldn't conform to what they were teaching.

[SPEAKER_06]
I still do the same thing.
Like if it's if it's just busy work and it's like all I'm doing.
So, for example, like homework is a great example.
There'll be
homework assignment that's 40 questions.
Well, if it's on this one subject that we learned this week, if I can answer five questions right, obviously I know how to do it.
Now all I'm doing is wasting time that I could be spending studying for other classes, doing anything else, just repeating it, you know, just doing reps and reps. And I understand like doing reps and stuff is good, but is 40 really necessary when you can do it five times and prove that
Yeah, sure.
I can do this.
And if for any reason it was some kind of class that you need to be able to do it quick, which truthfully, the only reason you need to be able to do a lot of these things quick is to finish it in the two hour testing window that is allotted for each class.
In the real world, you know, like a job, they're not going to be like, oh, you fail and you're fired because you've taken too long.
Like they, they want things done, but,
Just because you didn't get it done on time, they're not gonna just be like, oh, throw it out the window and it's over with.
Like, that's just not realistic.
And it's all part of that indoctrination.
Yeah, I believe in it.

[SPEAKER_08]
Sorry, I believe in a real job.
What employers are looking for is for their work to be done and to be a good quality, not just, you know, crappy half done work, but by the deadline.
That'll get you fired instead.

[SPEAKER_07]
But wasn't school used to it's supposed to prepare you for a future job.
It's supposed to prepare you for the workforce.
That is not the case anymore.
Can any of you guys say you went through high school and you were prepared to pick up a job after?

[SPEAKER_06]
Maybe because of my trade classes, but that's about it.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, unfortunately, what I find very disappointing about the American education system is that we're not teaching students how to be better people.
We are literally, and especially going through a transition of Common Core, we are dumbing students down.
We're not becoming the smartest nation in the world.
And we're backtracking.
We are backtracking.
It's not good for our future generations, for our economy, and for our community.

[SPEAKER_07]
Well, they're discouraging individualistic thoughts.
So in order to progress, we need to come up with new things.
We need people to think out of the box.
And if you do not encourage that, if you do not teach that, it's going to be so much more difficult for people to become productive members of society and contribute in that manner.

[SPEAKER_06]
So I just, I wanted to pop this up quick because this was from a Northwestern University study, but there's been hundreds of studies probably at this point that have found the same results.
Over the past decade and even longer, I'm sure, the American IQ score or IQs have been dropping.
I feel like a lot of people kind of think knowledge and intelligence are the same thing.
They're actually pretty different.
And I think it's important for us to realize that what colleges need to do is make sure kids know how to learn.
Because no matter what job you go into after school, you're going to have training when you first get hired at that job.
And there's always going to be specifics and changes.
And what's crazy is we have all this technology, we have all this, the internet, we have so much more access to information, right?
And, you know, all of that has gotten better, but intelligence has decreased.
And it's because of the way that they're training people, legitimately indoctrinating students to think, you know, like that you can only think one way or else you're just
You have to do this.
Like you have to think this way.
You have to do this.

[SPEAKER_07]
There is no other option.

[SPEAKER_06]
Right.
And so that's why while I would say there's really no way to measure knowledge, even though test scores have been going down too, but intelligence has dropped while knowledge is becoming more and more available.
And I think the only explanation for that is this indoctrination in the schools.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, that is definitely something that should be talked about.
The fact that we have access to all of these resources, but people are not taking advantage of them.
Nobody's coming up with new things.
I mean, we have the entire Internet.
There's everything out there.
You would think we'd be more productive or come up with new things.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, instead, the schools, they sort through and filter all of that knowledge for you and only pick out what they want you to know.
And they will they can present whatever they want.
They don't teach students that there are much more information and knowledge available out there that they can go look at if they disagree with the textbook.

[SPEAKER_07]
I feel like that's just like common knowledge, though, or like you shouldn't even have to critically think to realize, oh, my God, wait, I have a computer or an iPhone in front of me.
I can look up whatever I want.

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, so like for I think where it goes wrong is like I've heard people say they're like, well, literally my professor told me that these are the facts.
So how could my professor be wrong?
Right.
Because they're in a position of
I don't want to say power.
They're in a position of authority, essentially, where, you know, like they're supposed to be teaching you what's true and what's not.
But as we've seen through COVID, especially like all these employees at colleges, they have all these little incentives to maybe not give you the whole truth.
And maybe, like we said, you know, like filter down and only show you one side of every argument.
I'm sure you guys have heard, I'm sure everybody's heard like,
Oh, I'm book smart.
Oh, I'm street smart.
And it's like, yeah, you can be super book smart, but if the book that you're reading is filtered and, uh, you know, like designed to make you think one way when you get out in the street or in the real world and you need to apply that knowledge and use applying knowledge is essentially what intelligence is.
That's where these problems come in, you know, and it's like,
We have all these computer simulations that we can run and you can, you can build an entire house on a computer and you know, all your measurements and everything.
But then when you get out, yeah.
So say for in this example, we're building a house.
The computer shows us exactly all the pieces and parts we need, how long everything needs cut everything.
But then you get there and there's a little bit of a dip in the ground.
changes everything, you know, like the angles one degree off, you have to be able to understand how to change that on the fly.
You can't, we just can't rely on the book smart knowledge, you know, what all the technology is telling us even either.
Um, and their schools, schools need to teach people how to be adaptable in those situations.
Right.
And that's the exact opposite of what they want to teach.
They don't want you to be able to adapt to the changing times and
say COVID comes along, we all had to adapt to, you know, like be able to do what we're doing to the best of our ability.
Well, no, you have to not go to class.
You have to wear a mask.
And obviously that's not what's best.
We saw that pretty big time.
Like students and learning was really harmed by the pandemic and schools just didn't care.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, and in fact, it was going against these lockdowns in this masking and all the travel restrictions was actually going against the WHO recommendations.
But did any of the schools tell us about the WHO recommendations that said this?
There actually is a guideline and I have it pulled up.
I don't have a put up at the moment, but it is real.
You can go find it.
But our colleges didn't show us that side of the information and that's supposed to be credible information.
Instead, what they did was they fed us this one side that the best way to contain COVID was to follow these mandates and these restrictions.
But it literally went against what the credible source said.
And that's just a great example of what can go wrong if you're not diversifying your sources of information and you are just being dependent on authority.
And as history has shown, authority is not always correct.
Take Nazi Germany, for example.
I know a lot of German kids are now being taken to concentration camps so that they can witness the history and be able to understand why we should never do things like that again.
So authority is not always correct.
Be independent.

[SPEAKER_07]
that shouldn't be a hard concept for people to wrap their head around, but I suppose it is.
Yeah, so this is transitioning over to something I wanted to talk about in relation to the textbooks that we're using, because they provide a curriculum that only promote a particular political ideology, as we've been saying.
So this can be seen in various subjects, such as
history, social studies, science, but talking about specifically science courses now where certain political perspectives are given more attention than others or put as the only way or the only perspective to take.
And they also
I've seen a lot of history textbooks that portray one side of an event or conflict as good and the other as evil.
So it's not a balanced view of both sides.
It's very black and white.

[SPEAKER_08]
Can I throw an anecdotal thing about history and how history can be changed to show one side of things?
So my grandpa was alive during the Tiananmen Square massacre in China.
The government ran over protesting students with tanks.
But on that day when this happened, all of the Chinese media was broadcasting how good the government was.
And if you had not been there at Yaman Square, if you had not heard word to word, you know, mouth to mouth news, you would have thought that the Chinese government is amazing and great and all for the people.
But instead, they were running over students with tanks on that day.
So this is less than 100 years ago and it just shows you how easy it is to present one side of facts and make it seem as true.
Same thing again for when Japan colonized Taiwan around roughly 100 years ago as well.
And there was a lot of killing, a lot of murder, and a lot of control from the Japanese to the Taiwanese.
But over in the Japanese continent, this was not in the textbooks at all.
So when my mom went over to stay at a Japanese host family, they actually apologized to her for this matter, that their textbooks were inaccurate.

[SPEAKER_07]
Wow, that's actually, that's crazy.

[SPEAKER_06]
While we're on the subject of textbooks.
If I don't know how many people have heard about this, but I'm sure most people are familiar with Jeffrey Epstein and gasoline Maxwell.
Ghislain's father was one of the owners of Macmillan slash McGraw Hill, which is, I'm sure everybody's owned a McGraw Hill textbook.
Um, and so that's just a great example of here's some people that maybe aren't very good people that are kind of in charge of what is being taught to kids.
Like it's not just the governments either.
It's not just, I mean, there's some seriously bad actors that are
Um, there's a bunch of famous quotes to like the people that control the, uh, the spread of knowledge, you know, they have a lot of power.
Like what Phoebe was saying where, um, you know, if you just leave out a couple of these small details, you never know.
You there's, there's, how would you know?
And, uh, like North Korea is a great example.
Um,
In North Korea, I could be wrong.
This could just be a wise tale.
But I believe that they think that Kim Jong-un doesn't use the bathroom.
Like he doesn't have to use the bathroom.
And that's all they know.
You know, like they have no connection to the outside world.
Every single textbook and schooling that they have is completely written by those people in authority.
And there's no access to any other information.
And that's obviously an extreme example, but like what we're seeing in the United States right now with these colleges, they, and it's fine to talk about maybe if a professor is biased, I think it's fine that they're gonna talk about one thing and be biased towards it, but they have to at least acknowledge that there's more to the story and that there's another side to the story.
And that's what they shut down so much.
If you guys talk to like any poli sci majors, poli sci classes are really bad with that where it's just so extremely biased.
And I mean, I've heard stories that, I mean, professors are just blatantly lying to students and shutting down any conversations or debates that they might have.
I took a psychology class and I'll never forget in this class, just every year we would watch
Black Mirror episodes and we would have to like write a paper about the episode and like what the moral of the episode was blah blah blah and there was one where the moral of the episode was essentially like everybody's human just because you don't like somebody you can't dehumanize them because then that puts you in a mindset where these people are lesser than me their opinion absolutely does not matter attacking them is okay
And then the next day in class we talked, our professor was talking about how everybody that lives in Russia is a terrible person and essentially an insect.
And so it's like, okay, maybe the professor should write a paper about yesterday's episode and then like really think about what they're doing because it's scary, man.
It's scary.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, what Tice is talking about is an increasingly prevalent phenomenon in colleges and universities and just like in our culture right now, especially in the context of COVID-19 mandates and we call that the cancel culture.
So that refers to the practice of intentionally neglecting or canceling individuals or
groups based on their opinions, beliefs, or actions.
So in the context of COVID-19 mandates, cancel culture was used to target individuals who refused to comply with vaccine mandates and leading to a culture of fear and intolerance that threatened academic freedom.
The implemented vaccine mandates was a means of controlling the spread of COVID-19 on campus, but
At the same time, the efficacy of the vaccine was still unproven and being debated.
The people that are subjected to
cancel culture, they're ridiculed, and there are many that lost their jobs, they lost their academic standing, their scholarships, like Phoebe.
And it was just- Even as a person of color.
Yeah, look at that.

[SPEAKER_08]
My opinion is no longer valid, if I don't agree with Agenda, even as a person of color.

[SPEAKER_07]
Nope.

[SPEAKER_08]
Okay.

[SPEAKER_07]
Like individuals who held differing opinions were afraid of speaking out for fear of being canceled.
And especially as teenagers going into young adults, like fitting in and being popular is still a big part of the culture and one of their priorities.
And the idea of going against the grain is especially on such
heavy political topics where it's the majority and then just you is absolutely frightening to them.
And to potentially fail a class, to lose money, lose your job, basically anything to help your future that you should be building at that time is being threatened.
So it's also, it's stifling free speech.
Like that is one of our most important rights that we have in the United States.
And the ability to promote open dialogue and create a space for individuals with conflicting opinions can just like express their views.
We should encourage respectful debate.
We should actually foster a culture of inclusivity.
Like they say they are, but they're not.
So that's something that colleges and institutions, they always preach that, but they never follow it.
That hypocrisy is absolutely, they should follow through with what they're saying.
And they should encourage the practice of our academic freedom, our freedom of speech, and our individuality as people.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, just like including me as a minority and a person of color, right?
But one of the issues that has come up, and it's not just not following through on their values that they preach, is that they actually cancel and pit the two groups against each other, which I would like to pull up our video, video number one, which shows this exact
being played out way back in Nazi Germany.
It's a very similar tactic, and we should be aware of what's going on so that, again, this never happens again.

[SPEAKER_12]
Well, Saul Alinsky called for a community organizer to stir things up, to create agitation.
In fact, he said you'll be accused of being an agitator, and that's exactly what you are.
He wanted the haves and have-nots fighting with each other.

[SPEAKER_05]
It wasn't until I was watching an old film from World War II that I realized what the left has been doing in America to pit the poor against the rich, blacks against whites, and the young against the old, is the same tactic Hitler used to disunify Germany.

[SPEAKER_00]
You see, they knew that they were not strong enough to conquer a unified country, so they split Germany into small groups.
They use prejudice as a practical weapon to cripple the nation.
Remember that when you hear this kind of talk, somebody is going to get something out of it, and it isn't going to be you.

[SPEAKER_12]
And they used the conflict as justification for more government to stop the chaos.
So they create the chaos, and then they step in as a solution to the chaos.
And as Francis Schaeffer said, once this chaos comes, most people will willingly give over to authoritarianism because they don't want the chaos.
His book was kind of the field manual, if you will, for these activist organizations, which President Obama studied and taught at a workshop for four years in Chicago as a community organizer for ACORN.
Well, Saul Alinsky called for a community

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, so I mean, it's so crazy because I'm pretty sure this is at almost every college now, too.
Let's think back to when in America we desegregated, right?
And I think that's very important, right?
This is part of what we're saying.
We've always said in America, united we stand, divided we fall.
And that's exactly the tactic they're using.
And today, right now, on most college campuses, there are areas of the campus that are only for specific demographics of people.
There's LGBTQ centers, there's, well, you know, anything you can think of that's one of their protected groups that, you know, they say that they're trying to help them, but really what they're doing is segregating them again, dividing everybody.
That's what they're trying to do.

[SPEAKER_07]
There's a lot of racial centers on some of the campuses I attend that if you're not of that ethnicity, if you don't look like you are of that ethnicity, they won't let you in.

[SPEAKER_06]
It's legitimately neo-segregation.
And they frame it now as a good thing.
This is great.
This is helping these people make up for the oppression that they faced in the past.
But really what we're seeing is, like we've been saying, all it's doing is dividing people and keeping those honest conversations and debates from happening.

[SPEAKER_08]
What if people understood each other's differences?
Right?
When you group one group together and then keep everyone else away from it, then the people who are kept away, they don't understand why this group is this group.
So that doesn't really make sense.

[SPEAKER_06]
And it encourages group thinking echo chambers, obviously, because then, and it would be like that for anybody.
Like even I, I love, I watch CNN all the time, even though I don't, or I don't agree very much with CNN.
But I want to hear what they're saying, what they're thinking, because if I don't understand that, how could I ever form an opinion, right?
Not an informed opinion, at least.
You have to hear what every side of any argument thinks.
And I've always told people for such a long time, I think if we had those honest conversations in America today, and we brought people together, instead of being a yelling and screaming match,
like how can we find common ground and actually make like good change that no matter what it is, not everybody's gonna 100% agree on anything.
It's just, it's impossible, it's a paradox.
But what we can do is find the best possible solutions for all these things, but they don't want that to happen.
And I truly think that the vast majority of people agree on the most details about every issue than they disagree on,
but through the media, through indoctrination in schools, through neo-segregation, through all these different things, they're keeping us divided and that keeps us from finding this common ground and what we can agree on because if we had a super majority that agreed on something, it would actually happen and the government and these authoritarian figures that are in power, they don't want that because
They need it split 50-50 so that they're able to push it just enough one way where it goes only that way.
And there's no bipartisanship.
They love to call things bipartisan.
No, it's not bipartisan.
People are paying off people all the time.
People are lobbying to get just if you just need one or two people on either side to flip to the other.
And now it's bipartisan.
And especially when it's stuff like financial stuff and anything that has to do with investing, like if they have a super majority that agrees on anything, that's usually a red flag, you know, and it's usually because it's directly benefiting those representatives that are supposed to represent us, but they're really representing their pocketbook.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, going back to understanding each other, it really is, if we don't understand each other, then how can we find peace as a nation?
How can we live with differences?
And if we'd be all polarized as a nation, kick out everybody that doesn't agree with us, right?
Then we'd have multiple polarized continents and countries.
But when this happens, and during the process of hitting
groups against each other.
It's a perfect opportunity for
government to step in and be like, hey, let me heal this situation.
Let me repair this.
And it goes to what we were talking about at the beginning of tonight's session, how government comes in and acts as a support system to furthermore that dependent mindset.
The issue is, what if the government is not on our side?
What if?
What if?
I'm not saying that it is or isn't.
And you have to consider those things.
And what if all of these institutions that are promoting one side of the story that are all massacring on a consortium, what if
it's actually not real.
So, for example, I'd like to pull up my screen share because I've got a perfect example of how majority of the United States colleges and higher education system agreed that lockdown was the answer, lockdowns and masking, they were the answer to, you know,
bringing the curve back to normal, but this is the WHO's non-pharmaceutical public health measures for mitigating risk and impact of epidemics and pandemics.
And it says that, you know, quarantine, this one right here, quarantine is not recommended because there's no rationale for it.
School closure and reducing influenza transmission is varied, but it's generally limited.
um and timing and duration should be limited to a period that is just to be optimal.
Instead what we saw was even after Omicron um had you know the the COVID-19 variant changed to Omicron uh many colleges were still locked down and only recently because of the emergency order being lifted are colleges slowly starting to lift these mandates and that really goes to show you that it's not
a benefit to public health, but it's based on grounds of emergency orders.
It's based on grounds of public health.
It's based on grounds, sorry, not public health, but authority.
And, you know, furthermore, you look down on the list, you know, effective measures to avoid crowding, AKA social distancing,
alone in reducing transmission is uncertain.
The quality of evidence of its effectiveness is very low.
It's literally very low in effectiveness, and yet we were all sent home during lockdowns.
Entry and exit screening, testing, right, is not recommended due to overall ineffectiveness in reducing introduction of infecting and delaying local transmission.
And even involuntary screening may have ethical or legal implications.
But instead, at least for me and many other students across the nation, we were told a whole consortium of a different side of the story.
But these are the experts, right?

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, so one thing I always thought was so ironic is colleges, they're centers of higher education, of learning.
A lot of, if you ask the administrators and the people that are at the top of each college, I'm sure they'd tell you that they think they're very smart people, but apparently they weren't smart enough to look at data, read studies, and make decisions for their college that they're in charge of
for themselves.
They needed to have the White House tell them what to do.
They needed to... One excuse I heard at my college all the time was, oh, OSU is doing it, and OSU being the biggest, you know, most well-known school in the state, it's like, we're doing it because they're doing it.
Well, there's a perfect example of free thought just simply not existing at our colleges, especially at the highest levels of our colleges.
These people
I mean, in my opinion, are completely unqualified in the first place to even teach students when they can't even make decisions themselves.
They simply can't.
They had to be told what to do.
And maybe some of them were, you know, maybe they had nefarious reasons to do that.
I honestly think it still just goes back to the way like people have been trained to do what you're told or you're not going to get grant money.
You're not going to get.
this funding from the government, all these, you know, all these little things that lead to it.
But it's truly just sad, you know, like at a center of higher education and learning, like that should be the very first place.
Each college should have been so independent in making their decisions.
And the fact that we only saw a handful of colleges do that, probably like less than 10 in the entire United States out of over 3000 public colleges and who knows how many
You know, like, it's just, it's so sad.
It's so sad.
And I think it just shows like how unqualified and maybe it's not their fault.
Maybe there's nobody that's, there's very few people that are qualified enough to do those positions now because of the indoctrination that's happened for so long.
And I think it's very easy for those professors and administrators to be victims of that indoctrination when that system is all they know, right?
So like,
if you're on the track to become a college professor or to be in the administration of a college, let's think about what you do.
You go through K through 12, you go to college, and after college, instead of doing anything else, you stay at that college, you stay in that system, you never hear anything else outside of that.
That makes the indoctrination even stronger.
I've always said, too, like some of my best professors have always been people that they didn't ever want to be a professor.
They went out and worked in the field, retired, had all this firsthand experience and knowledge, and they decided that it could benefit the next generation for them to go and teach that and spread that on.
And that's always been my favorite classes and professors.
yeah exactly it's like that common saying you know if all of your friends jumped off a cliff would you as well yeah all my friends took a vaccine so i had to all my friends i've heard that so many times yeah and it's yeah and like even at the macro level it's like well all the other colleges are doing it like
Okay, if all the other colleges burnt their campus down, does that mean we should too?
Like it's just like, it's so goofy.
It's so crazy.
It's such a flawed way of thinking.
And it's scary to think like, what if it was something like, what if it was something like the pandemic was already bad.
The response to the pandemic was already bad.
But like, as we talked about in history, we've seen like, it can get really, really, really bad.
And it's scary to think that like,
We're on a track where people are being indoctrinated to think like that, where it could be possible for these things to happen again.

[SPEAKER_07]
We are on a track and people need to become aware of what's going on.
And here's another thing.
So there are a lot of people that are aware.
They're just choosing to ignore it.
And we need to get past that and really wake, wake them up.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, so what we need to do is really encourage expression of diverse viewpoints, encourage academic inquiry, encourage students to access ranges of resources that help them to explore and analyze different viewpoints, and then make their own choices so that if nine colleges burn down their campuses, at least there's still one that won't.

[SPEAKER_07]
That's not just going to help the student.
That's going to help society as a whole if more people end up doing that.
You're going to have so many more productive people.

[SPEAKER_06]
Let's look back 200 years ago.
Technology, everything that we have that makes life so convenient and easy, it didn't exist.
We went through a change of when we were, America was truly a melting pot.
Our population exploded because everybody wanted to come to America.
America was a great example of you can do whatever you want.
You can follow the American dream.
You have free speech, free expression.
And that led to industrialization, post-industrialization.
The world exponentially got so much better.
Um, obviously there's still a lot of progress to go like compared to the age of the universe, uh, human life is still very small.
But the fact that we made that much progress so quick and that now it feels like it's almost halted is scary.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, definitely, but it's not too late to make a change.
What we need to do is, of course, educate ourselves with various viewpoints, make our own individual decisions, build communities, right?
Get to know your neighbors, get to know people who have different viewpoints, go watch some CNN and watch some alternative media.
and decide for yourself what you think is true and that way you have made your own informed choice that is unbiased and to your best ability.
And then furthermore, once you are self-sufficient, go out and tell other people that
No, people can be different and we can still live together harmoniously.
We can agree to disagree and we can respect each other's differences.
We don't have to cancel each other or hate each other or block one another just because we don't understand or we don't agree with what one person says or how one person behaves or how one person thinks.
But at its core, we are still all human beings.
We all bleed red.
We all breathe the same air, the same oxygen.
We all pay taxes and we all die at some point.
So at its core, you know, our differences are, you know, at surface level and people are different.
People can be different.
So again, it's, you know,
I really do hope that more and more people will become aware that something, you know, this COVID, thanks to this COVID situation that more people become aware that not everything is so one sided, that there are many nuances to the situation.
There's a lot that's been hidden.
And if we cannot depend on government to give us good, credible sources, information, truthful facts, and with transparency, then, well, it's up to us and, you know, our own abilities to make sure that we are thriving as a society and that we are a community that is strong and has defenses.

[SPEAKER_07]
Well said, Phoebe.
Well, thank you so much for joining us tonight and discussing this issue that we're concerned about for our generation, as well as the generation of America's young people.
If you found this episode helpful, please hit the thumbs up and leave a comment and share it with friends and family.
Thank you for watching VSR Live College Edition, and we hope to see you again in two weeks.
Good night, everyone.

[SPEAKER_06]
One quick thing before we go, if you guys are on Twitter, Steve Kirsch is having a live Twitter space right now, and I'm getting texts that it's going really good.
So if you guys can tune into that, tune in.
Also, we've got a donation link up on the screen.
We're a nonprofit, so donations keep us running.
And yeah, thanks everybody.
All right.
Good night.
