[SPEAKER_27]
Kick the fathers out of the house Send them others back to work Let the school system carry your children Right from the birth Make them ill, feed them pills Confidently, because what you say is irrelevant Put your hands up and just ignore them
In today's lesson, men can get pregnant.
Put your hands down, no more questions.
Don't say pedophile, just say ALA.
Adults that like adolescent.
Go and put your hands up, everybody stand up.
What's up y'all?
Thank you for watching my brand new music video 2 plus 2 equals 5.
If you can, check out the description box below.
Click that link and grab yourself a t-shirt.
Common sense is in common when you're a communist.
I appreciate y'all.

[SPEAKER_19]
Tonight on the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation Weekly Update, Steve Kirsch is joined by internationally recognized scientist, physician, and the original inventor of mRNA vaccination as a technology, Dr. Robert Malone.

[SPEAKER_22]
Regarding the genetic COVID vaccines, the science is settled.
They're not working.
They are not completely safe.
These genetic vaccines are leaky.
They have poor durability.
And even if every man, woman, and child in the United States were vaccinated, these products cannot achieve herd immunity and stop COVID.
And the full nature of the risks remain unknown.
If there is risk, there must be choice.
The truth is like a lion.
You don't have to defend it.
Let it loose.
It will defend itself.

[SPEAKER_19]
And now here's your host, Louisa Clary.

[SPEAKER_07]
Hi, this is Louisa Clary.
Executive Director of the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation, and welcome to the weekly update.
Tonight, our very special guest is Dr. Robert Malone.
He needs no introduction, of course.
He will be weighing in on the latest Project Veritas Pfizer video release that hit yesterday and the new one that just dropped today.
Tonight, we look back at an event, the Defeat the Mandates March from one year ago in Washington, D.C. Another guest, we welcome Mattoon, who is my fellow co-organizer and founder
of the Defeat the Mandates March.
We'll be celebrating how far we've come on mandates and how far we have yet to go in the fight to take on the COVID-19 injections and get them off the market.
Matt, so great to see you.
I'm glad you're here.
Can you hear us?

[SPEAKER_06]
Hey, Louisa, it's great to see you.

[SPEAKER_07]
Good.
Can you hear me okay?

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, perfectly.
Yeah.
Awesome.
Can you believe it's been one year?
I know.
It feels like a lifetime.

[SPEAKER_07]
It does.
It does.
We're going to play some videos later.
I know that you have a short time with us tonight, and Dr. Robert Malone also has a short time with us tonight due to some other media engagement.
I had planned originally to play a little slideshow and a little something for us to start this off, but I know we have to kind of get right to it.
So I'm so glad you're here.
I know that just for everyone who's watching, Matt and I had gone to, let's just talk about when you first came to us.
You had written, Steve, and what kind of birth that?

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, I wrote Steve on Twitter.
It took a few DMs.
I responded and I said, you know, I see all these marches and protests happening.
across Europe specifically, millions of people protesting these authoritarian, tyrannical COVID vaccine mandates.
And I said, we need to do a march in Washington.
And he said, you know what?
We've been thinking about doing a march in California, but maybe we need to go to DC.
So as you know, we said I connected at the same night and the next four or five months were just crazy, right?

[SPEAKER_07]
Absolutely night and day night and day for sure a huge team of people behind us as well and one of those people Amanda Amanda Danian and she's a vaccine injured person that came into us and she had a lot of corporate meeting experience never had organized a rally for 40,000 people.
But she did so much of the lead logistics on the ground.
So I just wanted to say thank you, Amanda.
If you are watching, you are amazing and a total rockstar.
Neither Matt nor I nor any of the teams that worked on this collaboratively could have done it.

[SPEAKER_06]
She gave her heart and soul every day.
20 hour workdays.
Amanda is amazing.
But you know, when I look
back at what happened.
We would not have gotten those 40,000 plus people there without Dr. Malone, who I know is with us being on Rogan.
I mean, what an experience that was, right?

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah.
And you wrote about it in this substack, a little article, the piece that you put together that Dr. Malone put in his substack this week.
So kind of him to do that, really recognizing a lot of the doctors.
Tell us a little bit about it.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, you know, I just wanted to give the background behind the scenes, you know, the fact that, you know, Dr. Malone, you know, we coast him through like, okay, this is what defeat the man is about.
Uh, here are all the details of website and information psychosis, right?
And everything else that we needed to know, uh, that defeated and they just didn't come up.
And so when they walked out, uh, they realized that and Joe graciously said, Dr. Well, let's go back in there.
And the funny part is he grabbed his Chihuahua, Snoop, who you and I were both kind of co-puppies sitting in the studio for him.
And then you can see when they cut that segment in about the defeat of the mandates, he's holding his Chihuahua, Snoop.
So that was kind of background for writing this.
And then also just talking about the doctor's speeches, right?
If you listen to every word they said that day, every word
has come through one year later.
And we were all called, you know, misinformation and disinformation peddlers.
Steve, obviously, is the worst, right?
But now we are truth-tellers, right, Dr. Malone?

[SPEAKER_24]
Yes.
But I just want to make it clear that I am nowhere near as much a disinformation spreader as Steve is.
This is important to acknowledge the king.

[SPEAKER_21]
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_18]
I try hard.
You know, it's very difficult to maintain my number one spot on Google when you search for a misinformation super spreader, you know, because like everybody is trying to outdo me.
So I have to be every day like I have to be on target.

[SPEAKER_07]
And speaking of Google, so the day before the last kind of comments I wanted to make on just this process was, you know, the day before we are the day we went into recording with Rogan.
That was the day that Dr. Long got his Twitter.
Yeah.
And then.
uh you know a couple days later once they aired this thing i was writing this up today you know you lost 500 000 followers at the time on twitter but you gained an audience of 50 million with joe rogan right um so it was uh yeah a little game a lot i love that that meme you know yeah

[SPEAKER_24]
Yeah, that's, as you know, Mickey turned that into an advertisement segment for Planetemic 3 recently.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yes.
Yes, it's great.
We'll have to play that on our show on time.
Love it.
So yeah, I'd love to go ahead, Matt.

[SPEAKER_06]
Luis, I just want to say, I know we don't have much time, but Dr. Pierre Corey tweeted, I think two days ago, he said, you know, in the United States last year, there are only three major protests, right?
Defeat the mandates, January 23, defeat the mandates in LA on April 10, and then, of course, the People's Convoy.
So it's just, it's exciting to know that this group right here, we were part of
of those protests and all the people obviously that are on this call, many of you support us.
And we think that did make a difference.
I, for me personally, that defeat the mandate is DC and Steve, Dr. Malone, don't you guys agree?
I mean, it brought all of us together, you know, the movement.
Many of us weren't necessarily talking and coordinating as much.
And after that, you can see this coordination going forward.
And you can see the positive damage that we've done to the narrative sense.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_06]
To the narrative.

[SPEAKER_24]
Well, since there's a break and dead time is not allowed in broadcast, I just want to acknowledge the two of you, really all the three of you, for your leadership in pulling this together.
It wouldn't have happened without you.
There's no question.
And there's also no question that it was a seminal moment in history.
I mean, it just was.
You look back on it.
It was a turning point.
We felt it at the time.
The DC one was the first rally since January 6th.
And we had members of our community that were frightened would not attend.
I'm not going to name names, but they were seriously concerned.
We were concerned about infiltrators.
There actually were some actors that were trying to bring
uh with some more violent elements i'm choosing my words into that and and yet i will never forget people walking down along the reflecting pool yelling at each other i love you and giving hugs it was a a profound moment in time it was and it was at that time too right after your rogan that i first saw the

[SPEAKER_07]
Google, when you did a search for you, it suddenly said, what is that?
Looking for, it's like they had to recalibrate, right?
It's what Google does when they send it.

[SPEAKER_24]
Well, and they did it yesterday with this, yeah, this manual modification of search results that Steve captured in real time as that was happening after the Rogan hit.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yes, absolutely.

[SPEAKER_18]
And Steve, thank you.
Yeah, what was the modification this time?

[SPEAKER_07]
So it says a little, the Google search, when you searched, like if you searched the Pfizer, the Pfizer Project Veritas, when you searched Dr. Malone last year with Rogan.

[SPEAKER_18]
No, I know that.
But what happens with, what's the new one that's being changed?

[SPEAKER_07]
It's the same thing.

[SPEAKER_24]
Yesterday, if you were searching Pfizer and Veritas or the name of the gentleman,
You got messages that this search, it's the, as Luis says, it's virtually exactly the same text block that you recorded after the mass formation, psychosis trending where these results are changing quickly and we'll get back to you.

[SPEAKER_18]
Yeah, with the same with the project with the with the safe answer.

[SPEAKER_06]
I just so it's Steve, if I could thank you.
Not only for taking my call and.
putting together this Defeat the Mandates March in DC.
And obviously after LA, but what you did is you offered us Luisa on your team, your executive director, who became my co-organizer.
And then your entire staff, who is the backbone and operations of putting all this together.
And of course, you just put your money where your mouth was.
You helped fund everything.
You worked so hard, it would not have happened.
without that contribution, Steve.
So thank you.

[SPEAKER_18]
Yeah, well, thank you.
Thank you, Matt.
I think I did the easy part.
You guys sweated the hard part here and sweating all the details to put it together.
And it really turned out well.
And I'm just amazed and impressed that you were able to pull it off.
So you are awesome.
Is it team effort?

[SPEAKER_07]
Well, thank you so much, Matt.
Thanks for coming out and being with us tonight.
Appreciate you.

[SPEAKER_06]
Thanks, guys.
And we'll see if we need another one.
If so, we'll be ready.

[SPEAKER_18]
Yeah.
You need to just be able to press a button and then select a city.
You know, it's always the date.
And then press launch button.

[SPEAKER_06]
I can tell you the folks in New York are clamoring for one.
And that's another topic.
Another day.

[SPEAKER_24]
Oh, talk about the belly of the beast.
Why don't we're going to do New York in San Francisco?
Why not?
What could possibly go wrong?

[SPEAKER_18]
Yeah, I'm sure we'll have a lot of support from the mayor and both of those.

[SPEAKER_06]
I absolutely am going to have to buy my bulletproof vest before we do those.
Steve, I just saw a comment.
Steve Kersh balls of steel.
I saw that the other day and wow.

[SPEAKER_18]
Yeah, that reminds me.
You know, I put that on Twitter and I forgot to take a look at the.
Well, it was it was censored.
It was, you know, it said some band, you know, blank, blank of steel.
But, you know, I haven't looked at the.
I'm looking right now.
Well, yeah, I wanted to see how many music gods and how many likes and.
Yeah.
Steve, you're one of a kind.
I'm not even sure how to search for that one, actually.

[SPEAKER_07]
Well, while you are searching, I know we've got this Project Veritas releasing of two explosive videos, one of which many people haven't seen because it just dropped before this evening.
But I thought we would show before we get started just a quick clip.
It's basically a secretly recorded conversation with Jordan Walker, Pfizer's director of research and development strategic operations in mRNA scientific planning.
And as Dr. Malone said in his sub-stack, it broke open Pfizer's Gain a Function Research Program.
Let's go ahead and watch the clip.
The first Tweeted video received 4.4 million views and the video received 2.3 million views.
That was just in the first three hours.
So we're going to watch just this clip of it.
And then we'll watch a little clip of the second one right afterwards.

[SPEAKER_26]
Meet Jordan Tristan Walker, a director of research and development strategic operations and mRNA scientific planning at Pfizer.

[SPEAKER_25]
We're not supposed to do game function research with the viruses, like they run them off, but you do like these like selected directional mutations to try to see if you can make more protein.

[SPEAKER_26]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_25]
So there is research on the way about that.
I don't know how that's going to work.
We're not getting more outbreaks because like Jesus Christ.

[SPEAKER_22]
The gentleman seems to have absolutely no moral compass at all.

[SPEAKER_25]
If this is the quality of individuals within Pfizer that are making these huge decisions that risk global public health, it's profoundly corrupt.
One of the things we're exploring is like, why don't we just mutate ourselves so we can help create effectively developed new vaccines, right?
So we have to do that.
If we're going to do that, though, there's a risk of like, as you could imagine, no one wants to be having a pharma company mutating.
Yeah, okay.

[SPEAKER_20]
So we want to do this.

[SPEAKER_25]
So that's like one of these are considered.

[SPEAKER_06]
Okay.
So Pfizer ultimately is thinking about mutating COVID.

[SPEAKER_25]
Well, that is not what we say to the public.
We know.
That's why it was a thought that came up in a meeting.
And we were like, why do we know?
It was like, we're going to consider that.
We'll have more discussions, at least after the action, right?
We're like, wait a minute.
People won't like that.
So the way that we're thinking about it, don't tell anyone the story.
You got to publish your own story.
You got to publish your own story.
Okay, right.
So the way our work is like we put them in the virus in these monkeys, and then we successively like causing them to keep infecting each other.
And we collect serial samples from them, and then the ones that are more infectious, like the virus, we'll put them in another monkey and just constantly actively mutate it, that's one way.
Or you can even do like directed like stimulation, which like we said not so far.
And they just sample what the different, like, proteins on the surface of the virus look like over time.
So then you can see the mutation, and then you can have forces in the mutate in a certain way you want.
Because you have to be very controlled to make sure that the virus that you mutate doesn't create something that, like, you know, it's those everywhere.

[SPEAKER_21]
Something crazy.

[SPEAKER_25]
Which I suspect is the way that the virus started.
And we'll get out of it.
To be honest, like, it makes no sense that these viruses pop out of nowhere.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah, I know.

[SPEAKER_25]
I don't know.
I mean, either way, it's going to be a cash cow.
COVID is probably going to be a cash cow for us for a while going forward.
Yeah.
I obviously like that.

[SPEAKER_07]
Wow.
Livio, did you, I don't want to take too much more time because I'd love for Dr. Malone to get to talk to Steve here.
How long is that second clip of today's drop?

[SPEAKER_19]
It's about a minute and a half that I got here.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_16]
It's totally worth it.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_26]
Hey there, is this seat taken?
You work for Pfizer.
My question for you is why does Pfizer want to hide from the public the fact that they're mutating the COVID viruses?

[SPEAKER_25]
This rule, I'm literally a liar.
I was trying to impress a person on a date.
I'm lying.

[SPEAKER_26]
At least please don't touch me.
Well, this is not why the way don't tell anybody.

[SPEAKER_25]
He's just working in a company to literally help the public.
You f*** off.
You really did.
Can you please unlock the door?
Please unlock the door.

[SPEAKER_00]
Please unlock the door.

[SPEAKER_26]
Please unlock the door.
Please unlock the door.

[SPEAKER_20]
He's charging the guy, charging, charging, charging.

[SPEAKER_29]
Okay.
If he was here, you'd arrest that guy?

[SPEAKER_20]
If he was here, yes.

[SPEAKER_29]
Oh, then we could just walk away then.
Not worry about it.
If that's what you guys want to do, then yes.

[SPEAKER_07]
I will let you guys take it away.

[SPEAKER_18]
Man, how are we going to top that, Robert?
How are we going to top that?

[SPEAKER_24]
You know, this is a senior executive at the largest pharmaceutical firm in the world, I think.
And he has direct line responsibility for strategic planning for their mRNA vaccine portfolio, which is quite substantial.
This person at this level of maturity
has direct line responsibility for portfolio products that are being mandated for us to take by the G20.
I mean, let that sink in for a minute.
At one point, he asserted that he's a liar.
I mean, every single thing he does and says just digs the hole deeper.
If he's a liar, that was a very elaborate lie.
He makes elsewhere in this video the assertion that he was lying to impress the
his date in the prior videos, which is a male former Pfizer employee, I'm given to understand.
And he says these elaborate, very detailed things about the business practices at Pfizer, and now he's asserting that
Um, that was, that was fraudulent that he said that he was only saying that to impress his date, uh, which, uh, his like compounding lie online is that I think we can all see through that.
Yeah.
Can you say fired?
Uh, someone comments that I can't imagine a Borla is very happy right now.

[SPEAKER_18]
Yeah.
I mean, the, the, the, the only issue here is that this guy,
exhibited such mental instability that could he have made all that stuff up on the fly?
Like, could he have been telling the truth this time that he made all that stuff up?
Or is it too real and close to maybe things that you've heard that suggest that this guy was telling it totally like it is and not embellishing?
Like, is it 100% accurate?

[SPEAKER_24]
the granularity of what he said is quite high in complexity and the kind of logical integrity of what he said before.
Integrity is, maybe I'm using the word, I probably misusing that word in the context of this.
But I think at a minimum, the gentleman ought to be put under oath.
And I
I can't see how, well, I can, given our current legislature at the federal level that this isn't followed up on, that's quite possible.
But I think in the court of public opinion, most of us have enough experience
in human affairs to see through this.
We've seen the body language, we've seen the behaviors, we've seen this shocking disregard for human life and the tragedy of COVID, the complete lack of empathy in what he was saying before, and then as you point out these rather
dizzy behaviors, choosing my words, that we just saw in that New York restaurant.
What is this guy doing?
Steve, you've been a very successful senior executive.
Well, in the San Francisco Bay Area, this must not be unfamiliar to you.
How would you react if you were a supervisor up that chain at Pfizer?
How would you interpret this?

[SPEAKER_18]
Well, I've never seen anything like it.
I've never seen anything like it.
So it would not surprise any of us if he were terminated to Pfizer.
I think that's the only option for him.
But my big question to you is whether Congress is going to investigate, because the Senate is spending time on Taylor Swift tickets, maybe because some senators were not able to get tickets to a Taylor Swift concert, do you believe
that anybody in Congress will call for an investigation of Pfizer so that we can learn the truth, or will they just look the other way and say, oh, he lied.
There's no point in, he admitted he lied.
There's no point in us looking into this.
What do you think will happen?

[SPEAKER_24]
Right.
Itching, thank you for that donation for my reelection campaign.
Ron Johnson, to his credit, did retweet the Veritas post relating to this.
And Matt Getz is, as you'll recall in the Twitter spaces yesterday, I think his chief of staff for Matt Getz was quite incensed.
and vowed that action would be taken and that he had circulated this among everyone that he could contact.
It's moments like this where we find out who used the term a moment ago about having a pair.
It's moments like this that we find out who our allies are.
and who we can really rely on to act with integrity to protect the public interest.
And when we find out who is not willing to take a stand or even stick their head up or pull it out of the sand or somewhere.

[SPEAKER_18]
So look, at a minimum, there should be an investigation by Congress into these
into this video, right?
I mean, look, if they're looking at Taylor Swift concerts, concert tickets.

[SPEAKER_24]
The show has to be more important.
I think actually, honestly, I think you're raising a good point.
And it was essentially to give credit where credit's due, the point that was made by Newsweek in their hit piece today on Project Veritas, in which they spent the majority of their article trashing O'Keeffe and Veritas, and then attempting to fact check what was observed and their conclusion in their spectrum of options as fact checkers, quote unquote,
was that this was unconfirmed.
So they were not able to conclude that it was false in any way.
They were not able to verify it.
They assert that the provenance of the document, the video documentary that we've all seen now, which was highly edited by Veritas.
Again, let's acknowledge where the grown up independent reviewers here
It was highly edited.
That is absolutely O'Keeffe's style.
He acknowledges it.
He made the comments yesterday that this is an environment of deception.
There's deception being used on both sides.
Veritas actively uses deception.
Basically they're using honey trap techniques to entrap
Essentially individuals who are themselves being deceptive into revealing truths, often alcohol is involved in their in their pieces, but it is what it is.
It's highly edited.
We don't know the full provenance of the video and yet
We can all read body language, we can read the tone of voice, we can read the facial expressions, we can hear the words, even if they're highly edited, they're highly incriminating.

[SPEAKER_18]
Yeah, so I mean, when I talked to you right after you had first seen the video, and you were saying, man, this thing is like the most explosive thing you've ever seen.
Did, did your bullshit detector go off saying, no, no, no, there's, there's no way
that they could be doing this.
This doesn't make any sense at all.
This is crazy.
This is biologically impossible.
This is biologically improbable.
It's unlikely that they would ever do something like this.
You know, like, if we're at the total.

[SPEAKER_24]
And there is another, there's a buried lead here as far as I'm concerned, Steve.
is the implicit acknowledgement that Pfizer's, remember this guy is a senior in strategic planning for mRNA vaccines.
He's like fourth down from Borla.
This is not a U.S. director or a West Coast director.
This is global director for mRNA vaccine strategic planning.
And he is saying the subtext to all of this is that they're having to resort to extraordinary methods, really a Hail Mary play, because they cannot get out ahead of the evolution of the virus.
That is the buried lead here.

[SPEAKER_18]
Yeah.
And so when I heard that, everything I heard in that the original video
made sense, I mean, to me, but I'm not the expert.
Did your bullshit meter, like, you know, go off when you were listening to that?
Or were you like, well, you know, we're finally here in the true story.
This makes sense.
This makes sense.

[SPEAKER_24]
This makes sense.
Yeah, the latter.
So now I'm going to mute myself for just a moment because there's an incoming here and I'm concerned about the next broadcast, which is, as you know, something.
So just hang on.
I'm just going to mute for a second.

[SPEAKER_18]
Okay.
Yeah, no problem.
So I think we can say that Dr. Malone will be on, can we say anything, Louisa, about where he's headed?

[SPEAKER_07]
He's welcome to.
I haven't confirmed with him if we're allowed to.
I would hope that we could, because I'd love for it to ask people to watch, but let's ask him here in a second.

[SPEAKER_18]
All right, so while we have this commercial break, let me say that on my substack today, I have an article, and it urges people to fill out these death reports.
So if you know anyone who has died in 2020, 2021, or 2022,
if you could report that death and just report the death, if you know more than one person, report the death of the person who you know the best, where you know the vaccination status, when they were last vaccinated, date of death, stuff like that.
So ideally it's someone who you know the death information on and someone close to you.
That's really, really helpful because that's the kind of data that basically all of these
People are hiding from us.
And the reason is pretty clear from the data I've extracted, which is 1,500 death reports so far.
But if I can get up to 2,500 or 3,000, it makes it even more compelling.
But right now, the statistics are unbelievable on this.

[SPEAKER_24]
And you guys, the VSRF and you, Steve, have just done a remarkable job in hunting that down.
You've pushed all of us all along the way.
You were the one that pushed me to having to acknowledge the point that even the elderly cohort, the risk-benefit ratio no longer made sense, and I thank you for your integrity and your efforts in doing so.
I wanted to say one other thing about the gentleman.
In that final video, where there's the confrontation with O'Keeffe, and I don't think anybody comes up looking good on that one,
There's plenty of blame to go all the way around and plenty of juvenile behavior.
But notice how he falls back on the party line.
I'm just trying to help people.
Pfizer's just trying to do good.
We're the good guys.
Clearly he's been coached.
The whole thing is just

[SPEAKER_18]
mind-bending for me.
Speaking of the good guys, in this piece where I talk about that the officials are hiding the death records, right?
Because what we need is death records correlated with vaccination status.
I want to know the last day they were vaccinated and when they died and how old they were.
And it turns out that the signal is super strong.
And like I talked to
Joel Smalley and he said, no, no, you're going to be attacked by bias.
But here's the thing.
The bias was the other way.

[SPEAKER_24]
Yeah.
And as I would anticipate from every time I've seen.
So the fact that I got a huge signal is huge.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And like there's no way to explain that.
Credit where credits do you're now pushing the window with the FAA oversight, which also the pilots have been just screaming that they've breached all of their normal protocols.

[SPEAKER_18]
Yeah.
And I've got, I've got thousands of very upset pilots and flight attendants and air traffic controllers, and they are pissed.

[SPEAKER_24]
As well they should be.
And I can tell you from having done 400,000 miles last year, the, the air transportation system in both the United States and in Europe, the wheels are coming off.

[SPEAKER_18]
Yeah.
Yeah.
And I think that's the way that we bring this down actually, because they're thinking that we would bring it down through doctors.
No, because if the pilots...
The doctors are co-opted.
Yeah.
Yeah.
The doctors are never going to go and speak out against this, but the pilots will.
Yeah.
And the pilots
And you know, you can't mess with the pilots.
And also it's like, you can't mess with Texas.

[SPEAKER_24]
It's, it's a lot of doubts point of view all along has been that the insurance actuaries and their industries, they don't have any choice because they're publicly traded.
They're going to have to come clean.

[SPEAKER_18]
Yeah.
So it's looking at, you know, I'm smelling blood here because these FAA officials, when I talk to them, you know, I get their personal cell phones, I call them up, they pick up the phone, and we have a little conversation.
I had a conversation with the deputy administrator of the FAA, and I said, hey, are you going to support an investigation as to why there were no investigations?
There's only one answer to that, which is yes.
And he said, no comment.
And he said that I should talk to their press office.
And so I immediately emailed their press office and said, this is urgent.
People are dying.
Are you going to support investigations or not?
No comment.

[SPEAKER_24]
Well, all I could say, and I'm sorry I have to bug out.
But as you know, I got called.

[SPEAKER_18]
This is a really corrupt system, Robert.

[SPEAKER_24]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_18]
And does it amaze you that it's corrupt?

[SPEAKER_24]
I mean, just to say it, we know it was corrupt before.
Our very first strong interaction when you asked me to help you out with BARDA to get a emergency use authorization
You and I, that was the first time we had that exact conversation of both confronting the deep corruption and compromise throughout the federal government.
And it's just been a consistent story all the way along this journey for both of us.
And it's my heart, the honest truth is my heart breaks over this.
What has become of, I wrote this sub-stack essay two days ago about speaking for the dead.
And it forced me to think back to when I was a child in Bellevue and my dad was working on instrumentation for the 747.
And the world was looking bright.
It was,
Comparing, I walked back in my mind the way things seem to have been then and what we're now confronting.
And it's such a tragedy that our children are now having to grow up under this environment that we currently see.

[SPEAKER_18]
Yeah, so let me just end with the question.
When we first interacted, you were telling me how corrupt the system was.
So you knew it was corrupt way back then, because you've been dealing with these guys longer than I have.
I always assumed that they were on the level.

[SPEAKER_24]
You were the perfect foil of believing that things should make sense.

[SPEAKER_18]
Yeah.
I was a babe in the woods.
unspoiled, you know, to believe in the narrative.

[SPEAKER_24]
We've traveled a lot of miles together, haven't we?

[SPEAKER_18]
Right.
So my question is at that time, you thought, let me tell you about all the corruption.
Like when you compare what you know now in terms of the corruption versus what you knew then, is it like, wow, this is like 10 times worse than I even thought it was back then when we first met.

[SPEAKER_24]
So again, I wrote another essay about this and I spoke about peeling away the layers.
And I'm still not sure that I've peeled away all the layers of my naivete.
When I edited Bobby's book on the real JFK twice, I was significantly depressed for a couple of weeks just from what I had learned from that.
I mean, we got a problem, Steve.
I mean, what I've been saying lately is, what is the remedy when it becomes apparent that- I have a remedy.
Well, I was going to say, what is the remedy when it becomes apparent that federal workers sworn to uphold and protect the Constitution from the lowest level to the president are actively conspiring to circumvent the First Amendment?

[SPEAKER_18]
The solution is three letters.
I'm going to be I'm going to be starting an exploratory committee as a super PAC to draft RFK junior to run for president.

[SPEAKER_24]
Yeah, I saw you putting that out.
I'm constrained from opining on that because of pre existing agreements with the same.
So let's let's consider that a forward looking statement and
Let's hope that this time next year we're celebrating the birth of a new political era in the United States.

[SPEAKER_18]
It's very clear to me that the corruption is so deep in all these agencies.
I was appalled.
by the leadership of the FAA refusing to investigate pilot, yeah.
So you gotta go.

[SPEAKER_24]
So I'm getting hand signals saying, danger, danger, Will Robinson, you've got to get in the van.
I'll see you guys on Tucker in just a few minutes.

[SPEAKER_18]
Okay, great.
Grace, I guess we can tell people now he's going to be on Tucker.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, absolutely.
Great to see you.
Yes, so we got that notice pretty late in the day that he was going to be going to Tucker and had a limited spot.
So I know we told everyone to bring their questions and I know there's some questions in the chat and we're so sorry that we're not able to get to this.
But maybe we can ask him a couple of the key questions between now and when we send out the replay.
and see if it can weigh in on those for us.
So thank you all.
We have a little more, a few more news things to bring up.
So I hope you'll stay with us.
And we have a premier of Dr. Peter Hotez investigation that is brand new out.
So we're gonna watch a little bit of that.
Any further comments on what you guys were just talking about or can I jump into some new Steve and I'll bring you back for FAA and your sub stack.

[SPEAKER_18]
Sounds good.

[SPEAKER_07]
Okay.
I'll do it.
Yes, just want to jump to another story here.
It's attack on the vaccine injured.
BSRF released this about five days ago, Angelia Dacelle, a former manager of the surgery center outside of New Orleans, Louisiana.
She has also been here on our BSRF weekly update.
She was one of the very first vaccine injured that we connected with when we first started out and
late summer of 2021.
We started working on a video with her to get the word out about her.
So she's been a dear friend of ours and has spoken at Defeat the Mandates, Los Angeles.
She responded to a tweet by Elon Musk that we see on the screen.
He complained of an adverse reaction to his second booster shot.
Angela Dacell also, Angela Lea, excuse me, Dacell also suffered a severe
adverse reaction to the COVID shot, responding to his tweet and attaching video footage of her inside of Oshner Hospital.
She was in the midst of having an alarming neurological event after being admitted to Oshner on January 5th, 2021, just days after receiving the Pfizer vaccine.
Since then, Angelia has struggled with ongoing seizures and neurological issues accumulating 87 pages of medical bills.
She's been an active supporter of other vaccine individuals, injured individuals.
across the country and has even testified at both the Louisiana and Ohio state legislatures.
She has been featured in the groundbreaking new film that we had on our webinar the other week, anecdotals, and spoke on stage about those entries, as I mentioned, in Los Angeles at the Feet of Mandates.
Rolling Stone, Forbes, and Daily Mail, as we see here on the screen, Daily Mail being one of the most highly read online publications in the world, all wrote articles about Angelia and her quote, fake injury, definite attacks.
You know, it's one thing for individuals to attack and make claims of faking injury, but it is a completely another thing for journalists that have quote, reputable publications.
that aren't investigating any of the claims or seeking comment from the person that's attacked.
If any of them had looked into Angelia, they would of course learned that she could provide all the necessary medical documentation to validate her COVID injury.
And to add to that, her doctor, and it is public, she has been on the FLCCC weekly webinar before, her doctor is Dr. Pierre Corey.
And he and Angelia went on the high wire today, and we have a clip from that.
Let's go ahead and show it.

[SPEAKER_10]
Dr. Corey, first of all, I've always said it, you know, I consider you one of the great heroes out there.
You have stood in the face of some real darkness, a lot of propaganda and lies, but this is a whole new low in my mind.
You know, what are your thoughts on this?

[SPEAKER_13]
It almost leaves me speechless.
I mean, when are they going to stop?
I mean, this is clearly, clearly to me, this, as you mentioned, this is clearly has all the hallmarks of propaganda.
This is a narrative that's being generated.
And there's a clear reason why they would want to do it.
The scope and the scale of the vaccine tragedy, the millions of Americans injured and or dead from these vaccines, right?
Wouldn't it be convenient if we could somehow just dispel that and sort of comment down by really just characterizing these people as making it up, right?
They're being gaslit.
And that there's a long history of gaslighting in medicine when doctors use therapies that hurt patients, right?
So now you have an entire medical system.
that has propagated and promoted the most toxic and lethal medical intervention in the history, leaving thousands to millions injured, right?
And so wouldn't it be convenient to just make them go away as, you know, people who fabricate this and are somehow looking for attention and sympathy?
The opposite is true.

[SPEAKER_07]
We will keep praying for Angelia and pray for everyone to come to their senses.
that's attacking her.
So I hope that you all will reach out in support she is on Twitter and just continue to say some prayers for her.
Our next, speaking of Rolling Stone and that same article, Rolling Stone, we've got a paragraph, they also highlighted our COVID litigation conference.
That is of course coming up in Atlanta, March 25th, 26th.
It is put on by attorneys for attorneys.
I'm going to go ahead and read what's on the screen.
We're thankful for Rolling Stone for the free press, even if it is along the mainstream narrative.
The U.S. could soon witness organized action along these lines.
Right now, a collection of lawyers representing various firms around the country, as well as General Counsel for Kennedy's anti-vax, nonprofit children's defense fund, whom we absolutely love.
are selling tickets to a COVID litigation conference.
Details there.
David Sunfellow, an anti-vax author with a following of 30,000 on Rumble, summarized the focus of the meetup in a tweet, legal strategies to compensate vaccine injured and hold government incorporations accountable.
Over the next 10 years, COVID lawsuits are projected to experience tremendous growth.
The conference will offer networking opportunities and panel discussions led by attorneys engaged in COVID-19 litigation.
conference is designed for an attorney audience, however, the public is also welcome to purchase tickets.
We're going to put the ticket link in the chat.
And we can see the next screen, I think we've got a little more.
Yes, Steve is hosting a
pub night mixer on Friday, March 24th, before the conference begins.
If you're not attending the conference but you are local to Atlanta or are not far from Atlanta, would love to come in.
Join us.
You can buy a ticket separately.
We will soon have a separate ticket link separate from the conference or you can of course add it on to your conference ticket.
So we were thrilled with the press from Rolling Stone.
We have panelists that include
Mary Holland, General Counsel of Children's Health Defense, of course, Tricia Lindsay, Robert Barnes, Jeff Childers.
He does the Coffee and COVID blog, if you guys have read that before.
And Warner Mendenhall and the Mendenhall Law Group sponsors.
And Bobby Ann Flower Cox is also, she's out of New York, and she's the one that had been on our weekly update.
She had sued Governor Kathy Hotul.
We're really excited about this conference we hope that you make room for it send to any of your attorney friends and many others will be there from the public as well so we're really excited about that so I hope you will plan on it.
And I think our hotel block is also finally up if you are looking to book the hotel.
Next, we have I wanted to just mention in that Rolling Stone article really quick is that our one of our BSF volunteers who goes by silenced on Twitter.
She was also featured in that article and she is trying to organize something in this Atlanta area, possibly around the CDC.
She put a tweet out about it.
We'll be putting that same tweet out in the coming weeks on VSRF.
I don't think we have it handy right now, but we will do that and try to gather and see who can help her out to do some kind of rally or meeting there at the CDC during that time.
So I'm excited about that.
Well, we're going to help her plan anything that she needs to make that successful.
And Rolling Stone, thanks for the shout out to her too.
We appreciate it.
Our next up is Dr. Peter Hotez.
So, Dan Cohen, an investigative reporter who has worked with us before, he did highlights on the COVID-19 roundtable that Ron Johnson had on December 7th this past year for us by interviewing many of the doctors, a couple of the speakers, Ed Dowd, Josh Dirling.
as a part of that video series, and now he has done an investigative report on Dr. Peter Hotez.
And VSRF has helped him collaborate with some of the doctors that he's gotten some information from, and he was originally planning for it to be a short piece, and it turned into a two-part, about 10, 12 minutes each,
Part one and part two and redacted who has they have over about a million users on million subscribers on YouTube.
They also have a rumble channel redacted picked it up and they put both part one and part two up in the last day.
We are going to get all of those links up on our VSRF rumble.
It has been a huge news day and a lot of prep going on, but they should be up either by late tonight, first thing tomorrow morning.
but we are going to check out a little summary of part one and part two right now and learn a little bit more about Peter Hotez.

[SPEAKER_15]
Throughout the COVID era, few, if any, personalities have appeared on television more than Dr. Peter Hotez.

[SPEAKER_08]
Dr. Hotez, welcome to the show.
Dr. Hotez, thank you so much for taking the time.
Dr. Hotez, welcome back to the NewsHour.

[SPEAKER_15]
He has forcefully advocated the most authoritarian and destructive measures from lockdowns.

[SPEAKER_21]
We may have to go through that full lockdown.
Intensify social distancing control.
Social isolation, absolutely mandatory.

[SPEAKER_15]
mask mandates too many people are defiant of masks and most of all to inject all of humanity with experimental pharmaceutical products vaccine mandates every kid over the age of 12 not only we're going to fully vaccinate the american people but vaccinate

[SPEAKER_21]
planet, vaccinate the entire world.
We have to aggressively vaccinate.
There's no real option here.
Vaccinate the southern hemisphere, vaccinate the African continent, South Asia and Latin America.
We're looking at up to eight, nine billion doses.
Let's go vaccinate the African people.
The security of the country depends on getting everybody vaccinated.

[SPEAKER_15]
Hotez has received countless honors and awards from local restaurants to the American Medical Association and the city of Houston, where he now resides.

[SPEAKER_03]
hereby proudly proclaim this day, November 25, 2021, as Dr. Peter Hotez Dave in the city of Houston.

[SPEAKER_15]
is even nominated for a Nobel Peace Prize.

[SPEAKER_24]
Mr. Hotez has been deeply embedded in the pharmaceutical industry since the very earliest stage in his career.

[SPEAKER_15]
Peter Hotez has built a career in the nexus of pharmaceutical giants, billionaire foundations, and the U.S. government.
In the COVID era, he has become an evangelist for the emergent biomedical security regime, attacking anyone who deviates from its

[SPEAKER_21]
We have to recognize that anti-vaccine activism, which I actually call anti-science aggression, anti-science anti-science anti-vaccine aggression, anti-vaccine aggression, anti-science is now a leading cause of death.
It's killing more Americans and gun violence, nuclear proliferation or cyber attacks.

[SPEAKER_15]
His claims about Russian interference cited dubious report from Noveda.
A contractor for numerous branches of the US military owned by a firm called Accenture, which is tied to US intelligence and the World Economic Forum.

[SPEAKER_24]
Is Peter really fully independent?
Is he acting as an independent agent in good conscience and academic?
Or is he deeply tied to the deep state in the intelligence community?

[SPEAKER_15]
Hotez wrote that the communications and missteps around the rollout of COVID-19 vaccines may require a period of damage control.
and called for the White House and NIH to shape a well-crafted vaccine communication plan and designate a trusted spokesperson who can articulate and carry the message and apparent reference to himself.
With Anthony Fauci having retired from the top U.S. government medical position, Hotez, a Fauci underling willing to suit his expertise to powerful interests, is a natural fit to replace him.

[SPEAKER_24]
I think has long been seen as someone who has been groomed to take Tony Fauci's position when he should finally retire.
And during the COVID crisis, I'm afraid that this has really kind of gone into an accelerated mode.

[SPEAKER_15]
No matter what, Hotez says another coronavirus is lurking around the corner.

[SPEAKER_21]
I can guarantee you right now, coronaviruses are jumping from bats to people every day and it's a matter of time before it catches fire and we have a fourth major coronavirus pandemic.

[SPEAKER_07]
To catch the rest of it, we will be putting it on RBS or at Rumble, both part one and part two.
They're each about 10, 12 minutes long.
I hope you will share them widely and we'll be tweeting them out and uploading them to Twitter, some of the individual segments too.
keep an eye on our socials and an eye on our rumble if you're not already a subscriber.
Next, just a Steve's sub stack would love to bring you on Steve to talk about this.
Steve has been really active this week if you've been tracking a sub stack on the FAA story.
Of course, it broke up last week on and we featured it on our
weekly update, but now he's taken it a step forward and called for an investigation and had a petition on his sub-stack.
We'll put that sub-stack in the chat.
So if you know any pilots to sign this petition, please definitely pass that along.
And Steve, tell us where we are with that.

[SPEAKER_18]
Well, we have thousands of people who work in the airline or airport or FAA flight controllers that have signed this.
And it's basically really simple.
It just calls for an investigation.
It doesn't say that anybody's guilty.
It's like,
Why haven't the FAA investigated any of these incidents?
It is unbelievable.
And even after, like I reached out to Susan Northrup, I got her on the phone.
I said, hey, have you ever talked to Bob Snow?
Look, I talked to Bob Snow, I interviewed him.
And I said, have you talked to Bob Snow?
She said, no.
No.
I said, would you like to talk to him?
And she said, sure.
I said, great, I gave her his number.
She never called.
If you think that these people are on the level, let me assure you that they do not give a shit about anybody's life.
They only care about their job and they're doing what they're being told to do, which is to ignore all of these incidents
with the vaccine and not do any investigation, and they'll keep their jobs.
So they're letting people die here, and they're letting people be permanently injured.
And I'm not going to stand for it.
And I'm not going to sit back and say, oh, gee, you said no.
No.
I'm going to win this.
And there is no way.
There with the support I have now and with the support that hopefully I will get with the help of the people listening to this, which is if you go on my substack, there's a form you can fill out or you can print.
print it out and give it to the pilots next time you go on a plane.
Now, it's incremental effort.
You know, you're booking, you're going to be on the plane anyway.
All you do is print out the little flyer and give it to the pilot, give it to the flight attendants, give it to the people who work at the ticket counter.
Like we want to make sure
that everybody knows about this, and all it is is a very reasonable thing for everyone in the industry to sign, which is, you know, I think there ought that the FAA shouldn't be turning a blind eye when pilots die in mid-flight
or when they barely averted the disaster and you're not even calling the pilot.
In fact, Bob Snow has never been called by American Airlines to figure out what's going on.
And I've got the private email of the CEO of American Airlines and United Airlines and some other airlines.
And I've emailed these guys and they don't respond.
They're letting these CEOs say, oh, you know, safety first, that's bullshit.
You know, they are letting their pilots die and they're letting their pilots be disabled and they don't give a shit about that.
And they need to be taken down.
And I am not going to rest until these guys are taken down.
I promise you that.
This is just, this is not right.

[SPEAKER_07]
I'm really glad you're fighting back.
I've absolutely loved your relentlessness with this whole issue with the FAA.
Every day I see a new email, a new sub stack on it, and it's fantastic you're going after it.
So my dad was pilot for American Airlines.
He's no longer with us, but I know that he would be outraged at what is happening and the fact they're not looking into this.
So thank you for
Staying on top of this and just keeping at them and and calling and and never stopping so yeah It's just so it's such a tragedy what these people are doing.

[SPEAKER_18]
Yeah, I mean like I and believe me for any of these pilots It's like hey if you get a call from anybody from the FAA Get a call from Susan Northrop.
You get a call from the CEO of your airline Call me immediately
There are no calls on my phone.
And the Reuters fact check, I inadvertently didn't black out certain information.
I got a call from everyone in America except for Reuters.

[SPEAKER_04]
Really?

[SPEAKER_18]
Yeah.
So I mean, they wanted to fact check me on my
on my FAA story about the prolongation of this PR interval.
And I said, great.
Bring it on.
I would love to.
We are so looking forward to this.
We are so excited about this.
We're going to have this on a recorded video on Zoom.
And I'm going to bring all the experts for you so we can talk about everything in your fact check.
And we will show you how those other fact checks are wrong.
And you know what?
And I said, here's my personal cell phone.
Call me.
I got called from everybody else in the planet except for Reuters.

[SPEAKER_07]
Wow.

[SPEAKER_18]
I mean, and I kept emailing them.
I said, what's going on, guys?
This is important.
You need to fact check this.
And by the way, I have an even bigger story for you guys to fact check.
It's that the FAA hasn't called any of these pilots who have been disabled or, you know, died.
They're not looking for the records of the pilots who died or the pilots who died in flight.
That's the bigger story.
They're not calling me.
I mean, it is crazy.
Wow.
They fact checkers.
I mean, we rely on these fact checkers to expose the truth.
I mean, who better than Reuters fact check?
I mean, the most trusted name in America to look into these.
And it's just
unbelievable to me that they are not reaching out to me to fact check the sort.
It's an important story.
And I have tried everything to get their attention.
Like maybe, maybe I'm going to have to post the Reuters fact check email address for everybody to go and hammer them and ask them why they're not responding to me.
This is an important issue.
They've reached out to me saying, Hey, we want to fact check it.
I'm going like,
Bring it on.
Let's have it.
They don't want to be on the record on this.
You know, it's like, when you say, yep, I'm going to be hitting the record button too.
They're like, they run for the hills.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_18]
So anyway.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah.
No, thanks for sharing all of that.
Um, I have a couple more quick news updates and mainly, um, really about mandates where we are, how far we've come and,
And what's next, and I wanted to start with college mandates.
This information is all from Lucia Sinatra, who is the head of no college mandates.
Her website is no college mandates.com.
And she gave us an update that there are just, there's still approximately 1,000 colleges mandating primary series vaccines for incoming freshmen.
There are just under 300 mandating one booster.
There are approximately 15 mandating the bivalent booster, the second booster, of course, for those who've already taken one.
I can't believe there's 15 of them.
For the 2021, 2022 academic year, 15 colleges dropped the COVID-19 vaccine mandates
13 colleges dropped their booster mandates.
So that's fantastic.
It looks like Livia has put on the screen her website, the nocollegemandates.com.
For the 2022-2023 academic year, 40 colleges dropped or announced they will drop the COVID-19 vaccine mandates and 28 have dropped the booster mandates.
or at least allow for an opt-out of the booster shots.
Five colleges that announced they would require bivalent boosters recently announced they would not require the bivalent or they would allow for an opt-out.
So there is some progress, but wow, with 1,000 colleges to go, we still have a ways to go.
For two-year colleges, 19 of 54
California Community Colleges dropped vaccine mandates since this past August due to community pressure so stay on it the University of California system, the largest highest higher education system in the country caved to
Much community pressure and recently announced students, faculty and staff can opt out of booster mandates.
And lastly, and most importantly, Lucia just announced Monday night on their first Twitter space that no college mandates is actively seeking COVID-19 vaccine injured college students that attend private colleges.
to serve as plaintiffs in lawsuits against their colleges.
They're also seeking University of California students to serve as potential plaintiffs in a class action lawsuits.
So they can reach out to Lucia, to her email at info, info at nocollegemandates.com or through the website again at nocollegemandates.com.
That's info at nocollegemandates.com.
In an update on California,
Bill AB 2098.
It's a preliminary ban, of course, that we've been following.
It's a law to basically muzzle the doctors.
Great news out of California yesterday, federal judge blocked 2098.
The COVID-19 misinformation law that made it illegal for doctors to inform patients of the true risks of COVID vaccines.
The court granted CHD, Children's Health Defense California's request for preliminary injunction.
This is not the end of the matter as the case will be under further review, but it's a major win for California doctors.
So that's very exciting.
And as we reported last week, New York healthcare workers, the mandate has been called off for all New York healthcare workers.
So that's great progress.
there.
And one other report from New York in the last day, teachers for choice was reporting said, Governor Kathy Hochel, her healthcare blender on NBC goes viral on Twitter.
I'm going to when I get free here in a minute, I'll put the link in the chat to that video.
But we're going to be keeping an eye on it because she after that video went viral.
She filed an appeal against
the unvaccinated healthcare workers.
So I'm gonna put a full story in the chat.
I know our team doesn't have that yet.
So if you'll hang on for a moment, I will get that up shortly.
And then last but not least, I just wanted to share something that I was shocked when I came on.
It was October of 2021.
I had been with VSRF for a couple of months and that is when Nurse Angela also joined us.
And Nurse Angela as a reminder can be reached at
nurseangela at vacsafety.org.
She has a 23 years of experience as recovered from a COVID-19 vaccine injury and helps the injured.
So if you have anyone that needs emotional support, needs to get connected with groups or with doctors, please feel free to get in contact with her.
And DrPairCory.com, that's kory.com.
is the doctor that we refer many of our vaccine injured to, and she also has other doctors in all 50 states.
But back to the story that I was shocked to hear.
In January 2021, when she came on, she said that she was being treated by the NIH.
And I know we've just barely touched on that in some of our webinars.
She gives me kind of more of the full story.
And I know it's one that the US government has never acknowledged.
Meanwhile, they say there's nothing wrong and VAERS is completely unchecked.
And they claim there's not been any significant anything, but yet the NIH.

[SPEAKER_18]
Yeah, other than 700 over 700 safety signals.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, absolutely.

[SPEAKER_18]
And then they never told Borla that he said that as far as Pfizer's aware, Pfizer's not aware of any safety issues at all with the vaccine.

[SPEAKER_07]
It's insane.
It's really insane.
So her story that she said by January 2021, researchers the NIH started to hear reports of serious vaccine injuries, appeared to want to learn more by bringing injured patients to the agency's headquarters for testing and in some patients actually giving them treatment.
Dozens of patients having post vaccine complications found their way to Dr. Naft.
Clinical Director of the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke, and Dr. Savavi, an NINDS neurologist.
Dr. Savavi promised they would report these cases, they were reviewing.
NAF said 34 people were enrolled on their protocol, 14 of them were patients of the NIH, and the other 20 shipped their blood samples in cerebral spinal fluid.
Treatments included medicines such as high-dose steroids and IVIG,
They underwent neurological and cardiac testing, as well as lumbar punctures and skin biopsies.
Unfortunately, as time passing, NIH scientists pulled back by September, that's of 2021, they turned additional neurological testing into telemed visits and asked them to stop sending patients to the NIH.
Quote, it is best for such patients to receive care from their local physicians, end quote.
said Dr. Neff.
This silence was obviously really distressing for the patients.
They were abandoned, struggled to find care elsewhere.
One of the patients at the NIH said the scientists, quote, took the data and left us hanging, end quote.
They said, I have no treatment and no idea what is happening to my body.
Dr. Nass told science that they were not equipped to treat large number of patients long term.
If this was such a problem and they couldn't handle the volume why didn't they alert the government that they needed help.
This would be the right thing to do of course, but instead they stopped communication dropped them as patients.
Nurse Angela on our team had a regular communication with Dr. Naff where she needed help finding neurologists in various states for patients that would reach out to VSRF.
That communication ended abruptly when she asked him to take a look at Steve Kirsch's data.
Instead of his personal emails in return, which she was accustomed to, she got the generic one telling her if she had questions about the safety of the vaccine to look at the CDC website, of course.
He was convinced that the, Dr. Nath was convinced that vaccine reactions were very rare.
And he said, you have to be very careful before tying COVID-19 vaccines to complications.

[SPEAKER_18]
I can go on, but we- Yeah, even when you're perfectly healthy before you get the vaccine, and then a month later, you have 84 symptoms associated with vaccine injury.
You gotta be really careful to tie those two, because it could have been just a coincidence.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah.
Could have been, even though many- Could have been.
Could have been.
Could have been.

[SPEAKER_18]
Could have been.
These coincidences are just like happening.
The one thing in common is people get the backs before they develop these symptoms.
It's really bizarre.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_18]
It's so coincidental.

[SPEAKER_07]
I know.
So afterwards, we have Twitter spaces to continue the conversation.
So I hope that you will join VSRF Twitter spaces.
We'll put a link in the chat.
RVSR volunteers are there.
And if you haven't joined Twitter yet, please do.
It's open.
It's probably the freest social media we have now that has the reach that it does.
There's plenty of social media sites, and we are on all of them.
But Twitter Spaces has really opened up this audio podcast for us.
It is only available on your phone.
On desktop, you can listen, but you can actually see and interact more and be brought up as a guest to speak.
if you use your phone, so definitely check that out.
We are a 501C3, appreciate your donations.
You can see you can donate there on the screen and go to backsafety.org, backslash donate.
Everything goes to the videos that we create, the campaigns we create, and we're just so grateful for your support.
VSRF College Edition coming is Monday night.
Tice, Mila, and Phoebe are all on the screen there.
They are doing a phenomenal job in the future when we have a little less going on like we did tonight.
We've left to play a couple clips.
Their show last week was amazing.
I hope you'll tune in on Monday.
You can see all the replays on our VSRF Rumble.
and they're doing an amazing job.
So we're so proud of them and excited that they're really involved in getting the word out.
And next up, our event calendar.
If you have any events, please definitely write us.
We will be adding that event calendar to our new website that is coming out.
And I know I do not have a picture of this tonight because we got the link somewhat last minute, but we're going to be putting that in the chat here.
If our team doesn't have it, we do have one person missing this evening.
So I know he's the one with the
with the merch, but we have Defeat the Mandates merchandise, as well as the misinformation spreader merchandise.
And we're going to have full pictures next week, actually in two weeks for our next webinar.
But we hope you'll check that out in the chat and take a look if you're looking for any misinformation spreader and Defeat the Mandates and VSRF merch.
Our in Texas Lindsay has been working hard on that and she did an amazing job, so I hope you all will check it out.
And our reset for next week, we are actually taking next week off we are going down to a couple webinars a month so we can power pack these campaigns and other work to reach the movable middle and bring more people to our movement so.
Expect in two weeks we will have a show with some new videos that we've completed and some new things.
And in the meantime, we will still have a little new segment and a replay, a brand new new segment and replay of a former video next week on Rumble that we will run live on Thursday night, same time, 7 p.m. Eastern.
So check out our news, stay tuned there.
You're gonna see a lot more popping onto Rumble as we go out with some more campaigns, more videos.
and we will see you in a couple of weeks.
Anything else to close this out, Steve?

[SPEAKER_18]
I check out my sub-stack.
I have articles about DeMar Hamlin, articles about the death data.
I just have sent a bunch of text messages to Mark Golly.
Mark is the Health and Human Services top person in California.
I said, Mark,
You could end this instantly if you just released the data, doesn't violate anybody's privacy, all these people are dead anyway.
And you just list the, don't even list the person's name, you just list the age, the date died and the date of last vaccination.
And if we had that data, the vaccine would be over in a heartbeat.
there would be nobody questioning it, the data, it's so clear from the data.
And that's why none of these guys want to release it.
I also sent an email to Jennifer Siebel Newsom, who's the wife of the governor.
And, you know, I said the same thing, hey, you know, why don't you be the hero and call for this?
These people aren't speaking out.
They're not using their voice.
And people are dying.
And we have the data.
We have the data to show whether the vaccines are safe or harmful.
It's unambiguous.
It's very easy to statistically analyze this death data.
if they release the vaccination status and the death status, they're not doing it.
Nobody's doing it.
Nobody in the entire world, it is unbelievable.
Nobody wants to know the truth.
And if Pfizer has a really safe and effective vaccine, Pfizer should be demanding these governments release that data and to show that the Pfizer vaccine is so safe and effective.
Pfizer's not asking for this data.
That's the worst thing that they ever want, which tells you everything.
The fact that there's so much resistance for telling people the truth,
And it's pervasive.
It's all over the world.
Anyway, so there's all that and more on my recent sub-stack articles.
Go check it out and be sure to do the sub-stack article that talks about printing out the form because the more people that hand those forms out,
means that I'm trying to reach thousands of people now.
I want to get to 20,000.
Once I have 20,000 airline workers, it's all over.
We have all the negotiation leverage that we need to turn this thing around.
And if they think they can go against 20,000 airline industry workers that are organized, they're going to learn a lesson.
And people are going to pay the price here.
for disregarding the lives of these people.
It's unconscionable.

[SPEAKER_07]
It is.
Thank you.
Thanks for sharing.
Yeah.
Well, you all have a good couple of weeks.
Next up, as we close out, we have two videos, actually three.
We have the Are You Free video and the promotional video for Defeat the Mandates from last year.
These are very brief videos and features
several of the doctors, speakers from Defeat the Mandates.
And then we're closing out with the full part one, Dr. Peter Hotez, the full 12 minute segment.
If you wanna hang on and watch that and then we'll be posting part two on our VSRF Rumble.
But hope you'll stick around for those things and we will be in touch on our newsletter and see you in a couple of weeks.
Thanks.

[SPEAKER_14]
The huddled maskless descended upon Washington for the million mandate march.
Thousands of far right-wing nuts joined thousands of far left-wing nuts for what was billed as a defeat the mandates rally at COVID cellar where people had nothing totally unprotected.
And if you're wondering what kind of speakers they lined up for this meeting of the minds, the answer is this kind.

[SPEAKER_29]
Freedom of choice means everything.
I mean, just think about it as an African-American male, black American male.
You know, I understand something about slavery.
I understand something about bondage.

[SPEAKER_30]
I'm actually a Marine Corps veteran.
Never in my life would I have think that I would be on this soil fighting for my rights for freedom.

[SPEAKER_01]
Freedom of choice is quite simple.
You provide the therapeutic or the medical intervention.
You give me all of the information from benefit to risk and I make a decision for what's right for me, my body.

[SPEAKER_34]
We do believe in the health and safety of our patients.
We do believe that there are other ways to treat COVID and to prevent COVID.
We think that those measures have been censored over the past two years.

[SPEAKER_12]
Why we're not hearing two sides of the story?
Why are we only listening to one side?
And if there's another side, why are they being censored?
Why are they being demonized?

[SPEAKER_01]
I always say if you want to know what's going on, follow the money.

[SPEAKER_29]
If you want to know what the truth is, see who's being silenced.
We all know what censorship is about at this point.
It's not about protecting or preserving life.
It's about protecting and preserving the narrative.
The mandates are not beneficial for anyone.
Black, white are all in between.
Muslim, Christian, Jewish, Democrat, Republican.
It doesn't matter.
At this point, it is a total all-out attack on humanity itself.

[SPEAKER_28]
It's an attempt to turn the mandates into laws, because mandates are not laws.
So that now if we don't obey the laws, which were once illegal mandates, now we're subject to the criminal justice system.
And within that system, now we become involuntary servants.
And so the 13th Amendment no longer applies to us.
Your compliance will determine your ability to participate in society.

[SPEAKER_32]
We didn't have any say in the matter, you know, that we got sent a letter in the mail and said, you're not allowed to show up at your firehouse, you're not allowed to serve your community.

[SPEAKER_23]
It's a pretty self-evident truth that corporations always put profit over people, and so I don't know why people think this is different.

[SPEAKER_13]
The pharmaceutical industry literally controls the kind of information that gets to doctors, it manipulates doctors, the medical journals.

[SPEAKER_18]
They're mandating something that if you get injured, they don't know how to cure you.

[SPEAKER_24]
We need to make it clear that it's not acceptable to be forcing people to take an unlicensed medical product without providing them full informed consent.

[SPEAKER_10]
I don't believe the government has any right to inject anything into my body I don't have control over.
At some point we have to say enough is enough, especially it's not working.

[SPEAKER_00]
Why should you have to show your medical status to eat, to enjoy a museum, to enjoy a park?

[SPEAKER_17]
You have people here from every political party, every political orientation, and they're all finally coming around.
The ACR constitutes under attack and our children under attack.

[SPEAKER_29]
Are you free?
Are you free?
Are you free?
This is the example of what you get when you choose to attack all members of the human family.
This is what you get when you decide to go after a person's child.
And I have to make it very clear that they really didn't expect all of this.

[SPEAKER_15]
thousands from across the country rallied today in Washington DC for a rally against COVID-19 mandate.

[SPEAKER_07]
The message for many on Sunday was not anti-vaccine, but the right to choose.

[SPEAKER_17]
Thank all of you for coming out today to stand up for our children, our grandchildren, and our great grandchildren.

[SPEAKER_13]
The determination to preserve medical freedom is in your hands.
We're fighting for ourselves, our patients, and all of you.
We are fighting against big pharma.
They have always put profits before patients.

[SPEAKER_23]
You know, here in the United States, really, it's going to be black people who really should get it first.

[SPEAKER_29]
To my African American brothers and sisters, the vaccine that you're going to take was developed by an African American woman.

[SPEAKER_05]
As an African-American, I come here as one of the most vaccine hesitant group.

[SPEAKER_29]
If you choose to take the vaccination, do you take it?
We should have a choice.
The vaccine passports and the vaccine mandates take us back to the days of segregation.

[SPEAKER_28]
It's back to the safe passports.
Are you free or you're not free?
You can't go there if you're not free or you're clean and not clean.
I'm tired of these people that sit in the White House that stimulate race wars.

[SPEAKER_29]
We're going to come together and we're going to fight these mandates together.
I'm tired that we are being experimented on.
I'm tired that we are being manipulated.
They used our artists, they used our athletes, our singers, our rappers.

[SPEAKER_33]
Celebrities are under tremendous amount of pressure because they use celebrities to control the black community.

[SPEAKER_29]
But as you see in the audience, those who are Muslims, Christians, those in the Jewish community, Democrats, Republicans, white, black, everyone all in between, this is the example that they do not want to see, but they have no choice.
This ball is so beautiful.
Look at all of you.
Look at you.
The world sees us.
We are 17,000 doctors.
We are the last beacon of hope.
We will not stop fighting for truth and for life.
I believe in you.
Are we ready to reclaim the dream?
Now the people rise up.
Let's reclaim our country.

[SPEAKER_22]
The truth is like a lion.
You don't have to defend it.
Let it loose.
It will defend itself.

[SPEAKER_15]
Throughout the COVID era, few, if any, personalities have appeared on television more than Dr. Peter Hotez.

[SPEAKER_08]
Dr. Hotez, welcome to the show.
Dr. Hotez, thank you so much for taking the time.
Dr. Hotez, welcome back to the news hour.

[SPEAKER_15]
He has forcefully advocated the most authoritarian and destructive measures from lockdowns

[SPEAKER_21]
We may have to go through that full lockdown.
Intensify social distancing control.
Social isolation.
Absolutely mandatory.
Mask mandates.

[SPEAKER_15]
Too many people are defiant of masks.
And most of all, to inject all of humanity with experimental pharmaceutical products.

[SPEAKER_21]
Vaccine mandates.
Every kid over the age of 12.
Not only we're going to fully vaccinate the American people,
But vaccinate the planet, vaccinate the entire world.
You have to aggressively vaccinate.
There's no real option here.
Vaccinate the southern hemisphere.
Vaccinate the African continent, South Asia and Latin America.
We're looking at up to eight, nine billion doses.
Let's go vaccinate the African people.
The security of the country depends on getting everybody vaccinated.

[SPEAKER_15]
Hotez has received countless honors and awards from local restaurants to the American Medical Association and the city of Houston, where he now resides.

[SPEAKER_03]
hereby proudly proclaim this day, November 25th, 2021, as Dr. Peter Hotez Dave in the city of Houston.

[SPEAKER_15]
he has even nominated for a Nobel Peace Prize.
As this investigation will reveal, Peter Hotez has spent decades cozying up to powerful interests in the pharmaceutical industry, billionaire foundations, and the US government.
He has treated the world as a laboratory, exploiting every opportunity to undermine regulation and test new drugs on unsuspecting populations, precisely the opposite of the image of public health servant that he projects.
In 1989, Hotez's first postdoctoral award was from Pfizer, along with $100,000.
This allowed him to continue experiments for a human hookworm vaccine that he had begun years earlier, a project that to this day has not succeeded.

[SPEAKER_24]
Mr. Hotez has been deeply embedded in the pharmaceutical industry since the very earliest stage in his career.

[SPEAKER_15]
In 2003, he was a Pfizer visiting professor in tropical diseases at the State University of New York at Stony Brook.
The same year, he began work on a coronavirus vaccine, but shelved the project after the SARS virus flamed out and he could not find funding.
Hotez's career has largely been devoted to development of drugs to test on underdeveloped and hyper exploited countries in Latin America, South Asia, and Africa.
He owes much of his success to three figures, Anthony Fauci, Bill Gates, and Bill Clinton.
In 1996, Fauci approved a $2.9 million NIAID grant for hotels to study tropical diseases, carrying on a program that began in the Rockefeller Foundation, notorious for its funding a century earlier of the eugenics movements in the United States and Nazi Germany.
Hotez would later coin these maladies, neglected tropical diseases.
He would sometimes describe them as anti-poverty vaccines.
But most of these diseases exist because of poverty.
Hotez himself has admitted as much.

[SPEAKER_21]
You know, we call them tropical diseases.
It's a bit of a misnomer.
They're diseases of poverty.
Poverty is the overriding determinant.

[SPEAKER_15]
The CDC explains that several of the neglected tropical diseases can be controlled or even eliminated.
And improving basic water, sanitation and hygiene are highly effective strategies.

[SPEAKER_16]
If you really worry about diseases, then you're worried about sanitation is the primary reason why lifespan over the last 150 y reason it's 90% of the a and all these other things

[SPEAKER_15]
Rather than address root causes, Hotez has spawned an neglected tropical disease industrial complex dependent on the perpetual poverty that he claims his pharmaceutical products combat.
In 2000, with $18 million from the Gates Foundation, he founded his own department in George Washington University and, now heading the prestigious Saban Institute, started the Human Hookworm Vaccine Initiative to continue its development.

[SPEAKER_11]
One of the foundation's key partners is Professor Peter Hotez, who's doing inspiring work on tropical diseases and we're very excited about being able to back some breakthroughs there and have a huge impact.

[SPEAKER_15]
Hotez wrote in 2004, with funding from the Gates Foundation, I believe that we can have in hand over the next decade vaccines for malaria, dengue and hookworm.
At the 2006 Clinton Global Initiative, the Saban Institute launched its global network for tropical neglected diseases.

[SPEAKER_21]
Clinton decided that these neglected tropical diseases needed attention.
So it was actually CGI has been incredibly important in the development of this organization to give it the attention it needs.
And as a result of CGI,
We've been able to now attract some large-scale donors.

[SPEAKER_15]
U.S. government money quickly began to pour in.

[SPEAKER_04]
A $350 million dollar initiative to target neglected tropical diseases.

[SPEAKER_15]
When Hillary Clinton took over the State Department in 2009, USAID's annual neglected tropical disease budget nearly tripled.

[SPEAKER_02]
We are the global leader in the fight against neglected tropical diseases from the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, which has given billions to revive immunization campaigns and discover new vaccines to the Clinton Foundation.

[SPEAKER_15]
From 2006 to 2021, the agency spent $1.1 billion and pharmaceutical companies gave $28.6 billion worth of drugs to administer.

[SPEAKER_35]
When it comes to fighting neglected tropical diseases, the commitment of the pharmaceutical industry starts at the highest levels of leaders.

[SPEAKER_15]
For Hotez, these diseases and conditions are mere pretext to develop and deliver drugs.
After a 2010 cholera outbreak in Haiti, Hotez remarked, this is an opportunity to really think about ways to use the vaccine.
Hotez has been a member and regular guest at subsequent Clinton Global Initiatives, appealing for money to develop more drugs.

[SPEAKER_21]
I'm back this year talking about the need for the fact that we need innovation to make a new round of medicines and vaccines.

[SPEAKER_15]
In 2014, President Obama named Hotez as US science envoy to implement what he called vaccine diplomacy in the Middle East and North Africa.
Hotez wrote that vaccine science diplomacy could also lead to the development and testing of some highly-innovated neglected disease vaccines, and that poor populations have rights to biomedical innovation.
In September 2014, Ebola virus in West Africa provided this opportunity.

[SPEAKER_31]
Ebola fears throughout the country experts now warning of the unavoidable spread of the virus in Europe.
And what happened to that vaccine for Ebola?

[SPEAKER_15]
The Obama administration deployed 3,000 troops to Liberia.
We're going to establish a military command center in Liberia to support civilian efforts across the region.
similar to our response after the Haiti earthquake.
For Anthony Fauci and Peter Hotez, it was a golden opportunity.

[SPEAKER_21]
I'm so excited to know that President Obama sent in 3,000 troops to create some semblance of a health care infrastructure.
It makes it possible not to introduce these new products.
Something I'm very excited about, it's now going to create a mechanism to bring in new interventions, new drugs, new vaccines that you couldn't bring in otherwise in a very chaotic situation.

[SPEAKER_15]
We're going to start a very much expanded clinical trial in West Africa, likely in Liberia.
Obama sought $6 billion to support these efforts.

[SPEAKER_18]
Our scientists continued their urgent research in the hope of finding new treatments and perhaps vaccines.

[SPEAKER_15]
And today I'm calling on Congress to approve the funding that we've requested.
While the government pharmaceutical companies and their functionaries sought to conduct medical experiments, one bioethicist spoke out.

[SPEAKER_09]
These drugs have never been tested in humans.
Therefore, the dangerous and adverse effects can neither be known nor safely predicted.
It's entirely possible they may be ineffective.
or even harmful.
What has been done here is not research, but rather it is scary experimental treatment.
Some of these misadventures occurred on the African continent, leading to a pervasive distrust of Western drug companies using Africans as their experimental guinea pigs.
The stark reality is that pharmaceutical companies
are a business, and the business has to have a market.

[SPEAKER_15]
Though Ebola eventually subsided without any vaccines, hotels in the Saban Institute have continued developing them along with other products.
In September 2022, he attempted to again rebrand his experimental pharmaceutical products, this time as malnutrition vaccines, claiming that approval processes could be accelerated to help avert an imminent food catastrophe
or even potential mass starvation events, we must begin this process imminently.
To date, Hotez has received $4.2 million from Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim's Foundation, $9.6 million from Fauci's NIAD, and $44 million from the Gates Foundation.
He continues to maintain close relationships with pharmaceutical giants like Pfizer and Eli Lilly.
Hotez's Saban Institute is now at Baylor University in Houston, Texas, flush with funding from the Gates Foundation, despite having never succeeded in developing a working vaccine.
In the era of COVID-19, Hotez would become one of the most aggressive ideologues of the emergent biomedical security regime, demanding questioning be censored and criticism criminalized.
Wow, Dan.

[SPEAKER_20]
Some shocking stuff with this guy.
Most people have no idea about this.
I'm sure most people have zero idea of his history.
Really shocking.
What stood out to you, I mean, when you started on this path, what was the most shocking thing you discovered with this guy?

[SPEAKER_15]
Well, seeing how excited Hotez was to basically use, as that bioethicist we saw, what he described as experiments on the third world, on global South countries, basically taking little African and Latin American kids and injecting them with products to see what happens.
It harkens back to the darkest times of medicine.
And I think someone like Hotez, that's what he really encapsulates.
And also, how the biopharmaceutical complex and the military industrial complex are completely the same.
We saw that Hotez was so excited that Obama sent troops
to West Africa because that would allow this mass vaccination campaign, which of course didn't work.
And so that can't happen without the military.
And so it's using the global south as a testing ground for pharmaceutical products.
And that's been going on for decades with all kinds of horrible results.
So I think that's the most shocking aspect for me.

[SPEAKER_20]
And we should point out that being able to do this research, this investigation, thanks in part to the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation, right?

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, Vaccine Research Safety Foundation supported my work in this investigation.
They've been great.
I've done other work with them before.
They helped put on the Defeat the Mandates rally here in Washington, D.C. last year, and that was excellent.
So they're doing really good work.
Everyone should check out their rumble.
vaccine research safety foundation and their site and give them a follow and watch their content.
