[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, that looks that looks the same as every bit.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, you can still see a low resolution preview for some reason when I'm looking at him.

[SPEAKER_01]
You're seeing a low resolution preview.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, I am.
Yeah, but I see that for everybody.
So that's probably because.

[SPEAKER_01]
You should now be able to see the live preview now.
As I am streaming, but it's not my rumble just yet.

[SPEAKER_06]
Mine doesn't say low resolution preview.

[SPEAKER_03]
No, I know.
But yeah, but you probably see low resolution preview for everybody else.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
Yep.
Okay.
I'm going to switch out here one second.

[SPEAKER_03]
Okay.
And the freeway looks great.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
So Jeff, we're going to have

[UNKNOWN]
you
Music playing

[SPEAKER_02]
You might need another shot.
We've got to make sure we clarify that with people.
It has nothing to do with whether or not it's effective.
We know it's highly effective.

[UNKNOWN]
Highly effective.

[SPEAKER_01]
Tonight on VSRF Live, Steve Kurush is back.
He'll be joined by civil rights attorney and creator of a popular daily blog, Coffee and COVID, Jeff Childers.

[SPEAKER_06]
I call March 24th, the Coronaversary.
That was when the government promised us it would only take 15 days.
You guys remember that.
On Coronaversary, we're celebrating an awful milestone when the government created a classification of persons.
The classification of persons was essential persons and non-essential persons.
Non-essential.
Non-essential Americans.
Now, as a lawyer, I was privileged to have been, at least in my county, designated an essential American.
But I immediately wondered
how my non-essential neighbors were feeling.
Staff in my office were asking me to write them notes to keep in their cars in case they got pulled over for a check on their essentiality status.
I'm not making that up.

[SPEAKER_05]
And now here's your host, Lisa Lagy.

[SPEAKER_00]
Hello, and welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm Lisa Leahy, our research director.
Thank you for joining us on Rumble.
We are delighted to have our founder, Steve Kershback, tonight.
And he's joined by constitutional attorney, Jeff Childers.
He's also well known as the author of the very popular daily blog, Coffee and COVID.
We just watched a clip of Jeff speaking at our inaugural COVID litigation conference last March in Atlanta.
We're pleased to announce that we're launching the second covalidation conference, and we will talk more about it later in the show.
If you missed last week's show, I strongly urge you to check out the replay on our rumble.
Our nurse Angela Wolbrecht joined special guest Janja Kellek and Cindy Druckier, or Druckier, I probably mispronounced that, sorry Cindy, to discuss the documentary Unseen Crisis, and we watched some clips of Angela
featured in the film as well as clips from her recent interview with Jan on American Thought Leaders.
It was a wonderful and very intimate view of Angela's story, which is incredible.
From her childhood accident that led to, led her to become a devoted nurse and caring nurse for more than two decades to her COVID vaccine injury and recovery.
to her steadfast commitment now to helping others who have been vaccine injured.
It's a great, great episode, one of our best.
I highly recommend you check it out.
It's on our VSRF Rumble channel, and we will put a link in the chat.
Also, if you have questions for Angela tonight, please email them to her at nurseangela, all one word, at vaxsafety.org.
And again, we'll link that in the chat.
In these tough economic times, we really want to thank all of our viewers and thank everyone who has donated to help keep us going.
I mean, between crazy high food prices, gas prices, the energy bill, health care,
and all the rest, we are all feeling it.
It is really, really a tough time.
So thank you for still finding space in your budget to make donations to help us keep going, as I said.
And thank you to the rest of you who don't have it in the budget right now but still come every week to watch the show.
We appreciate all of you.
And I will just say, we are a 501c3 and we will remind everybody every week
that we do rely solely on donations and we appreciate however large or small, whatever you can give.
We will put a link in the chat to our vacsafety.org slash donate so you can go there and make a donation if and when you can.
A brief thank you to a sponsor of today's show, one of our avid listeners and VSRF supporter, Steve Snyder.
Thank you, Steve.
You are greatly appreciated.
I want to remind everyone also that we'll have our live Q&A later in the show, so put your questions in the chat for Steve and for our guest, Jeff Childers.
And you can make a small donation also by using the Super Chat feature in Rumble.
It's a way to pay, and we will make every, for a small, I don't know, what is it, five or 10 bucks or whatever you want to give, and we'll do our best to move your question up and get it answered.
So now let's welcome back our founder, Steve Kirsch.
As you all know, he's a Silicon Valley entrepreneur.
Turn top misinformation super spreader.
Hi, Steve.
Welcome back.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, at least so it's good to be back.
Yeah, I kind of need a vacation for my vacation.

[SPEAKER_00]
Uh, oh, yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
Too much travel, like lots of it was a lot of travel was around the world in about 25 days.
And, uh, we were going west the whole time and, uh, it would be getting up at like 530 in the morning every morning.
And, uh, go, go, go.
And then you get, uh, uh, to bed around 10 o'clock or so.

[SPEAKER_00]
So your whole clock is off.
Well, the burning question everyone on the team has, we were all talking about it.
is what did you notice in other parts of the world as far as the temperature of the people around COVID issues, masks, vaccines, whatever?

[SPEAKER_03]
Uh, you know, I didn't spend my time, uh, taking that temperature or my wife, uh, uh, encouraged me not to say anything about what my views are or bring up the topic or talk about it at all.
And, uh, you know, so, so I try to, uh, uh, abide by, um, her, if your partner happy, I think that was very wise of you.

[SPEAKER_00]
She was aware.
Steve wasn't, didn't have his, you know, information superspreader hat on.
He could just be her husband.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
You know, I think I brought maybe one of my misinformation superspreader shirts, but I don't think I wore it the whole time.
You had it in reserve just in case.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, right.
Honey, I'm going to go run an errand, put on your shirt.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
go go canvas and see what happens that yeah so remarkably we went all the way around the world and not a single person I think came up to me and said oh hey I know who you are so that is that has not happened before yeah so it was very very incognito surprising well you're so thin now and of course you always have looked the same

[SPEAKER_00]
from the bust up, but you're so trim and so healthy.
I don't know.
That wouldn't make a difference, I guess.

[SPEAKER_03]
No, it wouldn't.

[SPEAKER_00]
Before we bring on Jeff, I want to ask you one more thing.
I want to bring everyone's attention to your sub-stack this week on the 26th.
You're really taking a deep dive into the connection between SIDS and infant vaccines and coming up with some really interesting data, right?
You interviewed a former police detective.
What did she tell you?

[SPEAKER_03]
She said that half of the SIDS cases that she investigated or was aware of, that the vaccines were given within 48 hours of the death.
And if you do a calculation using Poisson distribution, which is what happens here, because SIDS, if it's random, it's going to happen randomly.
then having 50% of your cases within two weeks of a vaccine and assuming you get vaccinated, I think every month was my assumption, which is a very aggressive assumption.
So it gives the vaccines the benefit of the doubt.
What you find is that the chance is one in 10 to the minus 33 or something like that of
of you're getting 50% of the events within 48 hours.
And so it just is a mind-blowing statistic here.
And she's got enough cases under her belt over seven years that the numbers are so high because if it's just one case or two cases, it's not
It's not going to have a probability or likelihood anywhere close to that.
But once you get into the hundreds of cases, then having that kind of deviation from what you expected to see, which is you expected to see, essentially, 48 hours in a month, and that's one out of 15.
And so you'd expect one out of 15 of the cases.
uh, to happen within the 48 hours.
And that would be the expectation.
And so to have 50% versus one 15th is, is a huge difference.
And then you, you use the, uh, uh, plus on distribution functions to, to discover that it's, it's virtually impossible.
This is a habit by chance.

[SPEAKER_00]
If I can add, I mean, she is a very credible source, right?
She was a detective and she was responsible for
investigating when infants died, making sure it wasn't parental abuse.
So she was in the field on the ground seeing these events happen.
And then how did she, she said in the interview, by the way, I thought was amazing.
She said that she believes based on her firsthand observations that SIDS is a false diagnosis and that up to 85% of SIDS are from vaccines.
And, um,
So why is she coming forward?
Why is she talking about it now?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, because I had talked to Ben Tapper, and Ben Tapper just mentioned it as an aside in an interview, and I said, really, you know about this?
And he had known about this for years.
But there's another woman in Canada.
And she's mentioned in the article.
And boy, I would love to get in touch with her because she found the same thing in Canada was happening.
Just abnormally high.
Why is this thing correlated?
And then I wrote the article, and then I learned from one of the readers that there is this woman who developed a SIDS monitor.
And because she was concerned about the problem and she noticed that the strong correlation between SIDS and vaccination and she noticed that like 20 years ago.
So I mean the stuff has been known for a while and nobody wants to look at the data.

[SPEAKER_00]
No, we'll put the links in the chat both to your sub-stack and also just straight to the rumble video, but you can also just find it in your sub-stack.
So it's really good.
She talks more about what doctors are, I guess she spoke to a pediatrician, or you spoke to a pediatrician.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, no, she said her pediatrician.

[SPEAKER_00]
Her pediatrician, yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
Her pediatrician basically says, look, the American Association of Pediatrics or Academy of Pediatrics, they train doctors on how to gaslight patients.

[SPEAKER_00]
get them away from any idea that maybe it was the vaccine.
Oh, you got your child died two days after the vaccines, not the vaccines.

[SPEAKER_03]
No, not the vaccine can't be the vaccines safe and effective.

[SPEAKER_00]
Anyway, so let's bring on.
Oh, what?

[SPEAKER_03]
It's just a coincidence.

[SPEAKER_00]
Just a coincidence.
Absolutely.
Let's bring on Jeff.
Jeff Childers is the president and founder of the Childers Law Firm and the author of the only daily news blog that succeeds at making all the horrible news of the day actually entertaining.
Yes, amazing.
There's just this great humorous plant to how you deliver that news.
Jeff, in his law practice, focuses on commercial litigation, elections law, and constitutional issues, and has more recently ventured into the area of COVID litigation, of course, participating on panels and giving a keynote address at our first COVID litigation conference in Atlanta.
That was excellent.
Jeff is a skilled trial litigator and appellate advocate, and we are happy to have him join us tonight.
Welcome, Jeff.
Good to see you.

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, thank you.
It's great to be here.
Steve, I think I did OK, but I wanted to apologize right off the bat.
I put on the sport coat, but I wasn't sure for the fall if you guys were following the Federman rules or something else.
And then I heard late in the day that the Senate reversed the Federman rule again.
So I wasn't really sure what to wear, but I hope it's okay.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, we're pretty lenient on dress code.

[SPEAKER_00]
You guys look great.
I'll let you guys get off to it.
So nice seeing you again, Jeff.
See you guys for Q&A.

[SPEAKER_03]
So Jeff, coughing COVID, do you want to share some statistics on number of subscribers, number of reads, audience participation, and then I want to get into how you started it, like what motivated you to get started with this, and what's the criteria, what's the inclusion criteria?

[SPEAKER_06]
Those are a lot of good questions.
I think that officially we've got about, somewhere between 150, 160,000 signed up.
But I know from lots of feedback that people forward them constantly, they crop and send text messages with pieces to people.
They read them to each other.
So really the reach is a lot farther than that.
And we really have a lot of active
Um, readers, the comments are sometimes better than the post.
You know, I, I think today we have over a thousand comments, for example.
So, you know, great, great, very active community.

[SPEAKER_03]
Um, by the way, what, what, so now that you've intrigued us, what was the thousand comments on what, what, what was the post?

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, you know, so this is a moral failure on my part, but I can be at times under the right circumstances, a tiny bit sarcastic.
No, I know it's it's disgraceful.
And, you know, I try and I'm trying to be a better person.
But we started off with the
um, shut down story, which I haven't covered because it happens, you know, every single time they try to pass a budget and they always tell us they're going to shut the government down, but that's just a tease.
You know, they never actually do it.
Uh, I'd be all for it.
I mean, that sounds great.
Let's shut it down.
Pull the plug.
Um, you know, CDC, um, DOJ, I think they should just take a rest for a while.
But anyway, so, um,
Kevin McCarthy proposed an amendment on Monday to require funding the southern border before any more money goes to Ukraine.
And so I've just observed that he's got a point.
We might be funding the wrong border.
We're defending Ukraine from invasion, but we're not defending the United States from invasion.
you know, instead of blowing up undersea pipelines, maybe we should blow up the human pipeline from Central America.
I had a pretty good time with it, but it is coffee and COVID.
So that's how I started the blog.
And, you know, I always touch on a study or some high profile vaccine injury, something like that.
And if you just scroll down a tiny bit more, you'll see a
double whammy, a prominent, go back to the picture with the arrow on the head.
So Professor Richard Scholler, only 56 years old, highly accomplished, prominent cancer doctor, co-director of Sydney's Melanoma Institute of Australia.
I think he's a marathon runner or something, terrific health.
has access to the best medical technology, right?
Every kind of diagnostic equipment.
He knows all the warning signs.
He knows everything you need to do to avoid getting cancer.
And in May, he gets diagnosed with a stage four metastatic glioblastoma.
And the prognosis, of course, is terrible.
Six months, something like that.
And it's horrible.
No symptoms, right?
And he's already in stage four.

[SPEAKER_03]
But that's pretty typical, isn't it, for glioblastoma?

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, they can sneak up on you.
But he's a professional, right?
So he's going to notice any little symptom, strange headaches, nausea, dizziness, whatever.
But that's not even the story today because
That's bad enough, and it probably would have earned a mention, except that Professor Skoyer volunteered to receive the first mRNA-based cancer vaccine.
So he's going to treat his vaccine-induced injury with another mRNA vaccine.
And of course, I hope it works.
But that guy's a glutton for punishment.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, I mean, you could argue that Cleoblastoma essentially is untreatable.
And if he does nothing and he uses conventional treatments, then he is not going to last very long anyway.
So in a sense, he has nothing to lose, right?
It's a roll of dice on hope.

[SPEAKER_06]
Sure.
And, you know, there's no way to get in the mind of someone who's in that situation and try to say, I would do this or I would do that.
You don't know.
And look, he's giving his life to science one way or the other.
And that's admirable.
But mRNA, what's interesting to me the most about the story is that, and you probably already know this, but mRNA originally started as an intended cancer drug.
I think it's been since like the 70s or something, they've been trying to develop this quote unquote personalized medicine where they take a little piece of your tumor and then they use that to create the mRNA payload and it's supposed to spur your immune system into attacking the tumor or something.
I mean, I probably butchered it.
I'm a lawyer, not a cancer therapist, but that's the idea.
So they have not succeeded in
50 years, 40, 50 years, something like that.
There's always a first time, Jeff.
Well, I hope that all of this hasn't been for absolutely nothing, right?
Whether they should have repurposed that mRNA into a respiratory virus vaccine candidate is probably a whole other discussion.
But you can see here is, you know, it's the second one is one of Dr. Schollier's own colleagues, Mary Louise McClose.
She is a who COVID advisor.
She more or less ran Australia's COVID program, all the lockdowns, the mask mandates, the jab mandates.
70 years old, but very active, still working.
And in, I think January of 22, she also was diagnosed with a gliolastoma coincidentally.
And she passed away last week after fighting for the last year.
So that is a coincidence.
Her diagnosis was also sudden and unexpected.
And then the third doctor rounding out the trio this morning was a Royal College fellow, medical pioneer, lifetime science achievement award winner and King's College professor, Linda Cardozo, again, 73, but again, very active on the speaker circuit and working full time.
She was, she died during a nap on a plane.
So it was a two hour flight from London to Nice where she was going to take a few days of vacation with her husband.
And she took a nap on the plane and never woke up.

[SPEAKER_03]
You know, I've never heard of that happening on a plane.
Have you?

[SPEAKER_06]
Not before the last two years.

[SPEAKER_03]
First time for everything, but that seems really unusual.
I just don't recall hearing anybody where that's happened.
No, especially someone prior to the vaccines.

[SPEAKER_06]
Correct.
And, you know, especially somebody who boarded under their own steam, not in a wheelchair, right, who appeared healthy when they got on the plane, went to sleep.
No sign of distress and never woke up pronounced dead in the plane at the other side.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
When was she last vaccinated?

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, she's a British doctor, works at King's College.
And I don't think she would still be working had she refused to take the jab.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, you know, my friend, Wayne Allen Root, he wrote an article saying, hey, you know, if we asked the one question that can end all this, which is anyone who dies, when were you last vaccinated?
So if we just ask that one question and put it in the article, we would end all this.
That's unbelievable.

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, so I guess that brings us to the fourth report in today's post because it tracks along with your comment there.
This is Nelson Mandela's granddaughter, 43 years old.
There's a lot of media coverage.
you know, an activist, a celebrity activist, let's say, on her own right.
And it got a lot of coverage in establishment media.
And the reports, if you read them, they all focus on her 2011 breast cancer that she beat.
It took some digging to find out what cancer killed her this time, this year.
It came on suddenly, listen to the cancer, you ready?
She had metastatic cancer of the hip and the liver and the lung and the pelvis and the brain and the spinal cord.
She was all diagnosed on her first trip to the hospital.

[SPEAKER_03]
That seems pretty unusual, isn't it, Jeff?
I mean, I'm not a doctor, but it's like, you know, normally you just get cancer in one place and then it spreads.

[SPEAKER_06]
Right.
So what could possibly explain systemic cancer, multi-organ cancer, appearing simultaneously without any prior symptoms and metastasizing that quickly?

[SPEAKER_03]
And the answer is in the article?
Oh, you're funny.
I'm just I'm just wondering, you know, because it couldn't be the vaccine because that's that's that's safe and effective.
So what was the what was the actual cause?

[SPEAKER_06]
Oh, they don't they don't talk about the cause of cancer anymore.
Come on.
You're you're joking now.
You're you're setting me up for the audience.
You had to, one article out of 20 even mentioned that it was systemic cancer.
All the other ones just said it was cancer and didn't say what kind.
Right.
So, but you know what, what that tells me as a lawyer, right?
Cause I'm always, people lie to me all the time.
I'm a human lie detector and I have to be for my job.
And so when I see, you know, that kind of obfuscation, a pattern, right?
Of concealing,
evidence.
So an attempt to conceal evidence is also evidence of consciousness of guilt.
That's a legal standard.
I can put that evidence in front of a jury and I can tell the jury that shows you jury that they knew what they were doing was wrong.
So the fact that they obscured that remarkable fact that before 2021 would have appeared in the first paragraph of every article
that she has this weird systemic cancer instead they buried it.
So what that shows you is they know.
OK. We're playing a game of you know we know that they know that we know that they know that they know that we know that they know that we know that they know that we know that we know that we know that we know that we know that we know that we know that we know that we know that we know that we know that we know that we know that we know that we know that we know that we know that we know that we know that we know that we know that we know that we know that we know that we know that we know that we know that we know that we know that we know that we know that we know that we know that we know that we know that we know that we know that we know that we know that we know that we know that we know that we know that we know that we know that we know that we know that we know that we know that we know that we know that we know that we know that we know that we know that we

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, I mean, I was talking with MIT professor Red Soff Levy, and he told me about the case of, let me see, it was an eight-year-old in Israel.
And this eight-year-old had cardiac arrest while taking a bath.
And so the list, they reported it publicly as he drowned in the bathtub.
Eight year old tragic death drowned in the bathtub.
No mention of that he had a cardiac arrest before he drowned.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
And before 2021, an eight year old having a heart attack would have probably been international news.

[SPEAKER_03]
And now it's commonplace, isn't it?

[SPEAKER_06]
Sometimes they don't even need to mention it.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, it's that unreal.
They died unexpectedly.

[SPEAKER_06]
That's right.
The family was shocked and saddened.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
Um, so when do you think this ends?
When do you, you know, wait, did, I mean, you started coffee and COVID after COVID started, right?
You didn't have this before.
I mean, what prompted you to, to, uh, to start this?
And do you have a staff of people that's that works on this or just something you do by yourself?
So the truth is finally going to come out.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, no.
I get up at five in the morning, and I start with a blank screen.
And I put the days post together in that session.
I clip about half my articles.
My wife, Michelle, she's the night owl part of the duo.
So I go to bed earlier, and she stays up until the wee hours surfing Twitter and fighting with Twitter trolls and stuff.
Apparently that's entertaining for her, but she'll she'll send me she's the night research department So you know stuff that comes in so when I get in the morning I've got a nice list of stories to pick from And it was all a result of my you know being a distrusting person It's funny

[SPEAKER_03]
You, so Jeff, when did you stop being a trusting person?
Because you're supposed to trust the authorities because they're always right.
You know that, right?

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
So, you know, it's funny that you ask me that question because as a, not just a lawyer, but I'm a litigator, right?
So that means I have to go into court and put on trials.
And my job at bottom, if you boil it all down, what I do for a living is persuade people.
Right?
So I either have to persuade the judge or I have to persuade the jury to go a certain way.
And one of the tools that's in my toolkit, I have all kinds of tool kit or tools in the toolkit, right?
I got, you know, discovery and I can get emails.
I can take people's depot.
I can, you know, videotape their depot.
I can use physical evidence, you know, and all kinds of things.
I can cross-examine people or direct examine them.
But one of the tools is experts.
So for my entire career, I'm used to using experts and, you know, I don't do, I'm in commercial litigation.
So most of my experts are related to valuing property and things like that.
But I, you know, we do get into medical and scientific issues from time to time.
And so, you know, I've had, I've had to go up against, for example, the,
chief of staff of a major regional hospital as the expert with my own expert, right?
And so what I learned and what every lawyer knows and what every judge knows is that in every case, there's at least two experts and they say exactly the opposite things.
And both of those experts on both sides of that issue are super credible.
And they both tell great stories with all kinds.
They both cite scientific studies and they throw facts out and they pick holes in each other's arguments, right?
Every single time.
There's not one case in the history of mankind, going back 5,000 years since they invented this stuff that there's ever been only one expert.
And everybody's just like, oh, well, it's settled then.
We couldn't find an expert, your honor, to argue the other side.
No.
Here's the thing, litigators and judges too, judges too, they won't admit this, a lot of them, but it's absolutely true.
We don't believe any expert because we know an expert will say whatever you pay them to say.
And at least one of those two smart, highly credentialed experts has to be wrong every single time.
So when the pandemic started, you know, this is one of the ways, and I can get, you know, spiritual as you want on this, but one of the ways that God prepared me, I think, to do what I did, my contribution to the pandemic was by making me a litigator, because it never occurred to me for a second to believe the experts.
I'm always looking for their hidden incentives.
Why are they saying that?
Right?
And just because
You've got an expert that says X means nothing to me until I hear from the other expert.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
So let me ask you this.
You got two experts.
One of them is telling is being truthful.
Do these experts that testify, do they actually both think that they are correct and that they are being truthful and that they are in court?
because they believe that the other guy is wrong or is on when you have these two experts and they disagree is one of them basically no saying, Hey, look, I'm being paid to, to tell a story and support my client.

[SPEAKER_06]
I want to be careful how I answer that question.
But why?
Because, because there are, you know what, let me answer the question and then I'm going to define what a real expert is.
Okay.
Okay.
All right.
Answer, answer it as truthfully as possible.
But, but using the New York Times definition of an expert, which is they cherry pick, they call some, you know, community college in pencil, Tucky, California and, uh,
you know, the guy says what they want and he's an expert all of a sudden.
But I could not possibly have a lower opinion of rent to experts.
The oldest profession has nothing on the profession of paid experts.

[SPEAKER_03]
Uh-huh.
Okay.
We know what you think of them in general.
But my question is, do those guys who are in the wrong, do they actually know it?
And are they doing it for the money?

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, they're 100% cynical opportunists.
And you'll understand
immediately why I can say that with confidence when I tell you what a real expert is, because there are real experts.
A real expert is a person who by virtue of their accomplishments in their career are in a position where other professionals in their industry rely on them.
Okay, so for example, Dr. Peter McCullough, I'm sure you know.
Oh, yeah.
He is the most highly published cardiologist in the world.
He has more peer-reviewed papers published in more journals than anybody else in his specialty.
And you can look at his studies and some of them are the most highly cited papers.
That is, they're cited by other professionals.
You with me?
He'd be an expert.
He's a real expert.
because all that's required to be an expert is that a lot of other professionals who are smart people follow that person.
That doesn't mean they're right all the time.

[SPEAKER_03]
That's correct, right?
Fauci's an expert too and a lot of people follow him and he's completely.

[SPEAKER_06]
No, I'm going to disagree with you on that.
Fauci doesn't publish papers that get cited in other papers.

[SPEAKER_03]
He's never treated.
He's an expert in terms of it.
People view him as an expert in infectious disease.

[SPEAKER_06]
He is a media creation.
He's the first kind of expert I told you about, the kind the New York Times calls an expert.
But nobody is following.
Dr. Fauci has not discovered any principles of science that other scientists are relying on.
He's never done it.
He's a bureaucrat, right?
He's good at running a department or something.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, but people rely on him for his expertise in infectious disease, right?
These politicians are deferring to his judgment like he is the top dog when it comes to, so Dr. Fauci, what do you think?
Should it be a vaccine?
Should it be, you know, we treat people with ivermectin or, you know, fluvoxamine or what have you?
Dr. Fauci, what do you think?

[SPEAKER_06]
All right.
If Dr. Fauci could not award billions of dollars in NIH grants, do you think anybody would listen to him?

[SPEAKER_03]
I think the politicians in Washington, DC, believe that he's credible.
But that's not.

[SPEAKER_05]
There are lots of people.

[SPEAKER_06]
OK. And that's fair.
But I think.

[SPEAKER_03]
to answer your question, I think that if people, if he wasn't, if he didn't have his finger on the purse strings, I think there would be a lot of people that would be very skeptical of what he's saying.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, he would get some criticism, right?
At that point.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, a couple of things.
Yeah, you know, he would.
Yeah.
He would.
At least I would hope he would.
You know, we can't say what would happen because it's hypothetical.

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, I hope that Dr. Fauci lives long enough to see some of that criticism coming his way.

[SPEAKER_03]
I hope so too.
Okay.
So, but, but back to your experts.
So basically you have one expert who is being paid and lying because he's being paid and he's paid to come across to a jury to be a super credible and they're going to give you the opposite story.
So one guy's going to say the sky is blue and the other guy's going to say the sky is red.
And one of them is obviously lying.

[SPEAKER_06]
Right.
So one will say a tomato is a fruit.
And the other one will say the tomato is a vegetable.
And they'll both talk for as long as you keep them on the stand about why that's true.
And, you know, there was a time it was actually only in like it was post Renaissance that they started even allowing experts to testify.
They didn't used to allow experts to testify in court.
And, you know, and our original concept that snuck in later.
And I think the idea, yeah, and I think there's a good argument to be made that juries don't need to hear from experts.
But here's the thing.
This is what's so wonderful and magical about our system.
Okay.
And, you know, and the genius of the founders, the true genius is, and this is so important, Steve.
This is like, if people don't get anything else from this discussion, except this point, it would be worth it.
the in our system, experts don't make the decisions.
The jury renders the verdict.
Yeah.
None of those.
They, the experts try to convince the jury and the jury can totally disregard those experts if they want to.
They don't find those experts credible.
That's how our system works.
And this current whatever we're going through this mass hallucination or whatever you want to call it, of elevating experts above their proper place of where they should be advisors.
They should explain concepts to us, explain the principles of how things work.
If we ask them for their opinion, they should give it to us and then they should get out of the way.
They should have never been in charge.
That's never been the way the system works.
It's always been government of the people, by the people, and for the people.
If that makes sense.

[SPEAKER_03]
it does but that's of course not necessarily how things operate today is that people listen to the experts and ask them for advice and then follow that advice because they're the experts and you feel that you don't have the ability to assess all the data and to counter the opinion of an expert so for example I had a conversation with a couple people about Damar Hamlin today the experts
The DeMar Hamlin says that the doctors said that he had commotion courtes and the people I talked to say, well, wait a minute, wait a minute.
Oh, it's not like I asked, how often does this happen in a professional baseball?
And people didn't know what the number was, but they thought it was pretty low and how often this happened in professional football.
It's like almost never, if not never.
And, you know, basically you have a guy who's basically too old to have commercial quarters and he's in the wrong sport for having commercial quarters.
And people who viewed the video say that there was no way that he got a chest punch.
It was more of a full body tackle.
And it wasn't a sharp blow to the heart.
And so all of this, all three of those things lead to no way
uh, could this guy have gotten commercial courtes?
And this, so this is asking expert opinions, right?
And they're basically saying, Hey, you know, based on what I saw, um, didn't happen.
But then of course there are other experts, right?
Such as DeMar Hamlin himself saying that my doctors told me it was commercial courtes.
And then everybody in the public says, Steve, you were wrong.
Ceasar's commercial court is like, just like we said.
Well, how do you sort that one out?

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, personally, I want to know when he's going to start.
If it was just Komoshio Cortes, he should be able to play in the next game, right?
That's something you recover from pretty quickly.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_06]
And there's no chance that he's going to have another heart attack because it was a one in a million shot.
Exactly.

[SPEAKER_03]
So, he hasn't, he hasn't, has he played since he's been out?

[SPEAKER_06]
No, they're, they, they said that in an abundance of caution, they were.

[SPEAKER_03]
Abundance of caution, of course.

[SPEAKER_06]
But for what?
Shouldn't it?
Isn't everybody at the same risk of commercial court?
I mean, because for listeners, right?
For people watching the show.
Comotio cordis is a, it's when you get a punch in the chest, like from a baseball or it could be a fist or whatever, it's timed right between two heartbeats.
And it's in the timing is so perfect that your heart gets confused and it stops beating, right?
Just because it's in the exact right place at the exact right time.
So it's an accidental injury.
It's not any kind of a health problem.
Would you say that's fair?
Absolutely.
Right.
So, no, never.
It can't, it can't tap into the same person twice.
Every player on that team has an equal risk of another commercial court has as DeMar Hamlin.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yes, abundance of caution.
Maybe they shouldn't be playing football.

[SPEAKER_06]
I think that's where we're going, right?
That would hide injuries pretty well.
But your question was about experts, right?
So what would we do in court?
Well, in a fair court, and listen, people have been trying to beat the rules forever.
There's nothing new under the sun.
What they're doing now has been tried before.
So the way the founders set up the system was they made it an adversarial system.
They picked the two sides in a court case who hate each other.
So both sides are watching the other side like a hawk to make sure the other side doesn't cheat and screaming and jumping up and down when they do cheat.
That's how they keep trials fair.
They make the sides watch each other.
We used to have a media in this country that would put on two experts.
They wouldn't just put on one expert.
They would put on one expert that says tomato is a vegetable and then they put on another expert that says a tomato is a fruit.

[SPEAKER_03]
That's right.
And those were the, that, that was the media of the past.

[SPEAKER_06]
We don't have that now.
That was real reporting.
That was called news.
Correct.
And now the media has a narrative and they pick an expert that confirms their narrative and they only put that expert on TV.
Absolutely.
That's the way it's done.
That's, that's the new journalism.
And we don't have any adversarial system to keep the media in check except for,
independent media like what you're doing.
Your sub-stack is a great example of the developing adversarial system to counter the establishment media.

[SPEAKER_03]
I just call it like I see it, you know?
I'm not trying to sugarcoat it.
And if I'm wrong, you know, I was looking at the nursing home data from CMS and from the CDC.
And that's like the definitive data on whether these vaccines work.
And I was actually, so I'm reading my critics and one of them says, well, you know, you picked the wrong date.
You picked December 6th and you should have had the week of December 28th.
And so I looked at that.
And this is from facts are good.
And so I looked at it and I looked at the articles and I looked at the numbers and I said, yeah, actually she's right.
So I redid the analysis.
It went from a 1.6 odds ratio to like 1.8.
got worse.
So thank you.
I admit it.
I was wrong.
I got the should have used the sort of the mass rollout data as a reference point, you know, because to be unfair to compare the two.
So now it's worse.
Now it's really unexplainable.
It's almost like a two to one odds ratio.
In other words, you're twice as likely after you get the vaccine to die from COVID.
That's a disaster.
It's supposed to be the other way around.
There's no way you can explain this.
Like nobody will go.

[SPEAKER_06]
Are you saying that the vaccines were supposed to reduce?

[SPEAKER_03]
deaths from covid i'm so confused that i know well you know there are a bunch of papers there there are a couple of israeli papers and i was just talking to ratseff about those he says yeah yeah yeah they you know they showed that but but the problem is on those papers where they showed a benefit
The people who got vaccinated were a lot healthier than the people who didn't get vaccinated.
In fact, the people who didn't get vaccinated were like, you know, dying or whatever.
And so, you know, COVID can, you know, push them over.
And so you could match up all these other characteristics.
But fundamentally, the problem is that they're all caused mortality rates compared to their COVID mortality rates were proportional
No, that's not supposed to happen, folks.
It's supposed to only be the COVID rates that are reduced by the vaccine.
And then there was this big paper that came out years ago that Janet Woodcock told me about, and she was pretty embarrassed when she told me, and I read this paper, and it's like, wow.
To COVID vaccines, according to this paper, the COVID vaccines make you less likely to die, reduces your chance of all cause death by 75%.
And I'm going like, wait a minute, whoa, 75% reduction in all cause mortality after you take the shot.
Sign me up.
This is the fountain of youth.
And, you know, everybody would be taking this thing.
This is like, you can't die if you got the COVID vaccine according to.

[SPEAKER_06]
Immortality shot.

[SPEAKER_03]
Immortality shot.
You know, and I, I.
I wrote a sub-stack article.
I called it The Fountain of Youth.
And so if you go into my sub-stack, you can search for this thing called Fountain of Youth.
This is a paper which is accepted.
It is published in the peer-reviewed journal.
And it basically claims that you can reduce your all-cost mortality by 75%.
Not possible.
This means you can't die from accidents.
You get the vaccine.
You can't die from an accident anymore.
I mean, it's so funny that this stuff gets published.
I'm not sure how we got onto this, but it's like.

[SPEAKER_06]
So I think that just makes the point, right?
What you have there is you found yourself an expert that will testify that tomatoes are a superfood.
You can find an expert to testify any way you want.
And there's a shell game with these studies.
And I didn't know anything about medical studies.
I mean, I knew they were out there, but none of my work required me to go into the medical literature for anything until COVID came along.
And then I tackled it the way I tackle any case.
Look, as a litigating lawyer, I've got like a carousel of cases, right?
When I get this one,
settled or adjudicated in court, the carousel turns, and my next case comes up.
And it could be a totally different subject matter.
It could be a patent about a kind of novel fertilizer, or it could be something about oil leases, or you name it.
And I have to learn that subject matter quickly, well enough to spar with some experts on the stand.
And that the jury won't know that I don't know less than the expert.
I got to convince the jury that I know just as much as that guy, because I got to show the jury he's an idiot, right?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, you got to kind of play Colombo as an attorney, you know, where you play like, you know, dumb and lead the guy into it.
And then you go and you give them that killer question that says, well, you said earlier that this and this.
So how do you explain that?

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, I love Colombo and I love to watch that.
The problem is that the experts never admit it.
I don't care how stupid you make them look and box them into a corner.
They'll continue to deny and maintain a gaslight.
And that's okay because the jury sees it.
That's my job is to show the jury what a gaslighting liar the expert is.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, well Twitter trolls do the same thing apparently.
I don't know if you've noticed that, but I'm getting a lot of that in the Twitter trolls.
Like I point out how they're completely full of it and it doesn't seem to face them at all.

[SPEAKER_06]
Right.
Almost as though the truth wouldn't make any difference to them, right?

[SPEAKER_03]
It doesn't seem to.
They seem to want to change the subject when I press them on it.

[SPEAKER_06]
Like I don't I don't do hand-to-hand combat with the trolls much.
I'm too busy and But every once in a while I'll get one that catches my eye because you know like I've got an epidemiologist who stalks me and He's retired and you know, he's got all these credentials and everything So he's always trying to pick my stuff apart right and and every once in a while fine, and I'll engage with him, you know and I
where we always wind up is the same place, which is, I'll say, he says there's no evidence that the shots are dangerous.
And I'll say, well, you know, the bio-distribution studies show that the mRNA goes all over the body.
And it's not hard to imagine that if the wrong cells get infected by the mRNA and start producing spike, that something bad could happen.
Like if it's in your heart lining or your
you know, if it crosses the blood brain barrier or whatever.
And he says, there's no evidence that it passes the blood brain barrier.
And I say, OK, if I find a study showing that it passes the blood brain barrier, will you agree I'm right?
And that's when he goes radio silent every time.
Right.

[SPEAKER_03]
Wow.
He just, how does he?
He goes radio solid.
He doesn't say anything.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
I'm, you know, I'm generalizing.
Sometimes he'll say something.
It'll be an Irish goodbye, right?
He'll say, he'll say, well, you know, just because there's a study doesn't mean that it's true.
And I'm like, yeah, but
If there's a study, you'll agree that's evidence, right?
I'm not saying we've proved it yet, but would you just agree that it's evidence?
And then he'll maybe say something like, well, if it's peer reviewed and it's a high quality study, then it's evidence.
But trying to leave himself all kinds of back to work or whatever.
But never, never do we get to the point where he says, OK, yes, if you can show me that, I'll change my mind.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_06]
So I don't do it.
I want to know what the deal is before I spend my time going to find the studies to show you, right, or the evidence or whatever.

[SPEAKER_03]
I want to make sure that you agree that, yeah, ground rules.

[SPEAKER_06]
And people don't understand what evidence is either.

[SPEAKER_03]
No, they think that that evidence is only in the peer-reviewed literature.
That's the only place evidence shows up.

[SPEAKER_06]
I actually, in the law we have this ancient
thing called the Black's Law Dictionary.
And it's like a regular dictionary, like Webster's, except you can use it in court, because we all sort of agree that those are the working definitions that are the right ones or whatever.
But I've got the entry for evidence clipped on my notepad, because I use it so often when I'm arguing with them.
Oh, that's awesome.
Yeah.
Because they don't know what evidence.
They think evidence means proof.
But under the law,
Evidence means any item offered to prove or disprove the existence or non-existence of a fact.
So anything, anything that tends to prove or disprove the existence or non-existence of a fact is evidence.
Testimony is evidence.
An anecdote is evidence.
You can say, oh, it's just anecdotal.
All you're saying is that's weak evidence, but it's still evidence.
Yeah, you still have to explain it.
It's under the law.
It's evidence.
You can't say there's no evidence if there's one person testifying it happened to me.
Okay.
That's evidence.
You can disbelieve the evidence.
You can say, I'm not persuaded by the evidence, but it's evidence.
You can't say there's no evidence and they hate it.
And so what they want to do is they want to redefine what evidence is.
Well, to me, evidence is what?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Let's talk about what evidence means under our 5,000-year-old legal system.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, I mean, it's interesting that when you talk about evidence in a court case, it's very similar to hypotheses and evidence in a scientific study in that at the end of the day,
There's a hypothesis is that either he, you know, the guy pulled the trigger or he didn't pull the trigger, right?
I mean, as hypotheses and in court, they would say, you know, is the guy guilty or not guilty?
And as an attorney, your job is basically to show that all the evidence that you have is consistent with your hypothesis, which is that
He did it or he didn't do it, whatever you're trying to advocate for.
And you also then have to show that the evidence which appears to be counter to your hypothesis is flawed in some way, right?
So isn't your goal as an attorney basically to show that all the evidence that's available, that's been presented in front of the jury,
Is all consistent with your client being, say, innocent, for example?

[SPEAKER_06]
Yes.
And so, you know, there's a simple way and a complicated way to look at it.
Um, the, the simple straightforward way is I have affirmative evidence and I have to deal with negative evidence.
Right.
So I've got evidence that tends to prove my case.
And then the other side is going to be putting on evidence that tends to disprove my case.
And I've got this jury sitting there and now, you know, jury work is, it's really something.
It's not like public speaking because you're trying to convince them to do something important and it's going to make a huge difference if they do the right thing at the end, right?
So there's the stakes are as high as you can imagine.
You never get any feedback from them.
They never talk back.
They all sit their stone face trying not to even show any emotion.

[SPEAKER_03]
Would it be better if you could ask them questions like, so, you know, are you convinced by this?
And if not, then what do I need to do?
Like if it was interactive rather than the way it is now, would it actually be better or worse?
Would the system work better or would the system work worse if you could interact with the jury?

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, clearly I'm more persuasive if I can interact with someone.
Right.
If I can find out what their doubts still are.

[SPEAKER_03]
Clearly.
Clearly.
That's true for both sides.
So the question is, could you actually improve our judicial system if the lawyers are allowed to have a conversation with the jury?
Yeah, I'm not sure how well this would work.

[SPEAKER_06]
I'm just, you know, hypothetically, it's yeah, I think there's there's a good reason why they don't do it that way.
And part of it is because if you heard what jurors inner dialogue was, you would probably be appalled.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, the things like, you know, want to see sausage being sausage or laws being made because you'd be appalled at the process.

[SPEAKER_06]
Exactly.
So
This is what doctors and not doctors, there's look, there's a lot of great frontline doctors and nurses, you know, God bless them, right?
Any of us would, you know, in an emergency would head down and trust, you know, our doctors and nurses.
It's these pseudo experts, you know, the bow tie, fake white lab coat,
making millions and millions with pharma endorsements and all that stuff.
So what they don't understand, they think they're the most important characters in society.
And some of them may, real experts may invent some new surgical technique or something and that's great and it helps a lot of people and whatnot, but they misunderstand how our society works.
Lawyers and judges and jurors are the most important element of our society.
For example, the fact that the COVID vaccines are killing an outsized number of people will not actually be a fact until a court determines it in our system.
You can publish as many studies as you want.
and people will just argue about whether it's true or not.
It will not be settled as a fact until a court rules on it.
Which means it's down to the judges and the lawyers to establish that fact.
Not the white coat pretenders, right?
Pushing boosters on these medical fetishists who, you know, they're getting antsy for that booster, Steve.
You know, their skin's starting to crawl.
They're like, where is it?
Give me that booster.
Those people are not going to decide.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
I think you're right.
When do you think that's going to happen though?

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, look how long it took for tobacco to turn around.

[SPEAKER_03]
40 years, right?

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
I think it's going to happen faster than that.
I think so too.

[SPEAKER_03]
The question is how much faster?

[SPEAKER_06]
Everybody wants to be five years.
Do you think it'd be five years?
I don't think it's going to take that long.
I think that the problem is much worse than the tobacco problem was, and the evidence is pouring out faster every day.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, I hope you're right.

[SPEAKER_00]
I do too.
You gave me the perfect segue, Jeff.
Before we get to questions, I just want to announce, we're very excited to reveal the host city for the second COVID litigation conference.
Speaking of the importance of settling these matters in court, Livio, can I get a thumb roll?
The second COVID litigation conference will take place in the exciting city of Las Vegas at the Horseshoe Hotel and Event Center, March 7th through 8th, 2024.
So it will be exactly, well, a little less than a year between the two conferences.
And we certainly hope that you, Jeff, will be joining us again.
Like you said, these lawsuits are so, so important.
I do want to just tell the audience, if for more details, we'll be rolling out more details about the conference in the coming weeks.
We will put a link in the chat.
You can find information on our website.
And also, be sure to follow Steve's substats.
because he will be keeping abreast of new developments about the conference.
So first question, do you see any big breakthroughs in COVID litigation, especially in the area of vaccine injury?
Is there hope for the vaccine injured despite all the liability protections?

[SPEAKER_06]
So that's a multi-part question.
The first part is there are more lawyers and more lawsuits now than there ever have been.
And I just see that number increasing.
I don't see it doing anything different from that.
So they have opened a Pandora's box that can't be closed now.
It's too late.
Everything's out.
People are angrier.
about this than probably anything in our lifetimes.
And the anecdotal experience people, judges, the lawyers, we're all, there's people we've lost now.
And even if you're a hardcore establishment person, you have enough information now to start to doubt the official narrative.
And I'm seeing a lot of that.
And see, if you may be getting the same kind of feedback on your sub-stack, one of the things I like about the sub-stack is I get immediate feedback from people.
And I can get a real sense, kind of like what's going on out there.
And I have a lot more readers now who have had three jabs and aren't taken anymore.
And so that's working its way into the legal community just as much as in any other community.
Yeah.
So I don't know if that answers your question.

[SPEAKER_00]
Well, yeah.
So like if judges start to experience loss in their own lives, if, you know, lawyers or, you know, members of the bar who maybe are part of large firms who were, you know, reluctant to go against the official narrative, if, you know, if these, if these individuals who, who are persuaded by
first-hand evidence, will that trickle into their decisions?
I mean, for lawyers as far as jumping into the COVID litigation realm and for judges to decide differently on the evidence.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, that's what I'm suggesting.
And if you look at last year's booster uptake, only 17% of Americans took the booster last year.
And I'll bet you it's half of that this year.

[SPEAKER_00]
Right.
okay that's all really good news really good news and another question is related this is from welcome the eagle and he does a lot of research with bears and tracks.
bears very carefully, he asks Jeff or Steve, would deleting legitimate dead Pfizer trial victims, so this is pre-rollout, be grounds to override the liability protections in the 1986 act?
If that could be proved that Health and Human Services, CDC and FDA are deleting
people who died in the trials.

[SPEAKER_06]
They're deleting those folks currently or they deleted them prior to releasing the original clinical trial results.

[SPEAKER_00]
So he says pre-rollout.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, so if that information was falsified that was provided to the FDA, that the FDA relied upon to
issue the original EUA approval, then I think there's probably a good chance that whoever the manufacturers are now, one of the things that we're finding out this year is that it wasn't really Pfizer shot.

[SPEAKER_00]
Right.
DoD.

[SPEAKER_06]
DoD.
And you can't sue the government.

[SPEAKER_00]
Right.
Yeah.
And I think this, I think Welcome the Eagle is saying that it's the individuals within HHS, within the CDC and FDA who are, who are administering VAERS.
They're the ones who are removing the dead trial victims from VAERS so that we can't see that that happened.
That's the way.

[SPEAKER_03]
The liability protection is for the manufacturers, not for the government.
Right.

[SPEAKER_06]
The government's not even covered into that.
And so the government's liability protection comes from something called qualified immunity, which provides that government actors are not liable for things that they do in their ordinary job description.
But if they go outside of their ordinary job description, such as by doing something illegal, because it's not in the job description to break the law, right?
Like by deleting deaths from a clinical trial.
then they can be personally liable.
Absolutely.

[SPEAKER_00]
OK.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right.
But it doesn't change the liability.
They can be liable.
But it doesn't mean that, oh, now anyone can now sue the manufacturers.

[SPEAKER_00]
Right.
Yeah.
I mean, it's sort of a case of collusion.
Somebody thinks that the shots were the cause of the death.
And so Pfizer and the FDA are kind of working together, it seems like.
But anyway.
So many other questions.
Let me move on.
So Dr. Laura, Jeff, do we have any chance of getting real justice against Fauci, Ralph Barak, Peter Daszak, et cetera for causing the pandemic and then rolling out the deadly plot shots and profiting from it all?

[SPEAKER_06]
Great question.
I am highly optimistic.
that we are going to get to justice.
If you think about it, it has not been very long, right?
Nuremberg took years and years and years to put together.
So I think that what's happening now is happening faster, really, than anything we've seen in the past along those lines.
We're up against the most well-funded, most well-organized, and most demonic adversaries in the history of mankind.
So it takes some effort
to break through.
But I do believe we're going to get there, absolutely.

[SPEAKER_00]
Nice.
Good.
That is really encouraging.
Let's shoot a question to Steve.
There's so many questions.
Wow, I have to scroll.
Steve, this has to do with your travels.
Were you required to wear a mask anywhere or show a vaccine passport anywhere?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
So I was never required to wear a mask.
And they had me show my COVID-19 vaccination card a single time in the whole time we went around the world.
And they asked for my yellow fever card twice.
And in both cases, I had an exemption from my physician, which I showed them, and they were satisfied with that.

[SPEAKER_00]
OK. Wow.
And was that Africa in Africa?

[SPEAKER_03]
There were two places I don't remember specifically which ones but I think Egypt is one of them where they check and the other I forget the other place, but they said Something about well humans can spread yellow fever.
I said that's not how it works So funny, you know, I was asking like what why should you care?
I mean if I die from yellow fever, that's my problem Not your problem and because people can't spread yellow fever

[SPEAKER_00]
right um really want to bite somebody right right typically doesn't happen typically um from tom fratello for you steve is africa red pilled so to speak

[SPEAKER_03]
I don't know because I didn't ask the question on that.
And we were in Tanzania in a remote camp in the Serengeti, and so it was not quite what I'd call mainstream.

[SPEAKER_00]
Right, now that makes sense.
And for Jeff from KML,
Jeff, when will lawsuits on civil rights on vaccine mandates get to the Supreme Court?
How many years will we have to wait?
Get your crystal ball.
You were saying it's moving fast.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
So on that particular one, it's going to be at least two years because I'm not aware of what that suit is yet.
Nobody's managed to get their
their fingernails into those very carefully drafted liability statutes.
I think it's more likely that Congress will change the law sooner, and that that's probably the pathway.
So, you know, for example, if the Republicans take the presidency and have the House and the Senate, I think that liability shield falls immediately.
Missouri v. Biden
those kinds of cases there is where the fight is at right now is our rights to actually talk about all this stuff.
And the more we can talk about it, then the more the faster we're going to get to the Supreme Court on the liability issues.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right.
So what do you think is going to happen in that case, by the way, the Missouri v. Biden?

[SPEAKER_06]
I think the Biden administration is going to be sorry that they appealed that state of the Supreme Court.
That's what I think.
I think the Supreme Court couldn't wait to get its hands on that case.
And I think we're about to see something big.
And it's going to come soon that that decision could roll out before the end of the year.
And it could be massive.
I might be wrong, but that's where I'll put my chips.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.
So Rosalind Droz asks you, why is the insurance industry so quiet?
It's a good question.

[SPEAKER_06]
Well what's the usual reason that the people get quiet.

[SPEAKER_00]
They have something to lose- but like insurance is losing because they're paying for all that the death and disability.
Not all they're paying for it.
On behalf of insured people- yeah so isn't that is not a loss for them that would prompt them to speak.

[SPEAKER_06]
I'm sorry I shouldn't have been so
My belief, I don't have any evidence for this, but what I think is they're getting paid.

[SPEAKER_00]
That's what I thought.
Yes.
That's what I think.
They must be getting big money.
Otherwise, they would be screaming.

[SPEAKER_06]
We're going to find out.
We're going to find out some kind of COVID relief thing.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_06]
We're paying for it, in other words.

[SPEAKER_00]
Absolutely.
God, that's maddening.
Jonan asks you, Jeff, what are some, if any, low hanging causes of action to bring against the mandates?
Well, so that's already saying it's, yeah.
So to defeat mandates, what are some of the easier?

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, the clear and far away answer to that question is religious exemptions.
winning in the greatest number of jurisdictions.
It seems to be a theme now.
That's the way to beat a mandate.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.
Yeah.
This is a good question from Tom Fratello.
Can employers that mandated medical treatment, so I guess vaccines, be held responsible to assume the liability for the adverse events, for the injuries?
Does that angle?

[SPEAKER_06]
I think right now a lot of attorneys would take a case where you need some things.
You need to have a doctor's opinion that it was a vaccine-related death or vaccine-caused death.
And you have to have evidence that the only reason that they took it was to keep their job due to the mandate.
And then I think you've got a case then.
I don't know if you win, but you have a case.

[SPEAKER_00]
OK, good.
That's really good.
Steve, well, yes, they can spread yellow fever through the mosquitoes that bite you and then feed on someone else.
Oh, OK.
So sorry to contradict you, Steve, Archie Kimber.
Apparently, yellow fever can pass through mosquito bites.

[SPEAKER_03]
I guess so.
I don't really think of a human to mosquito transmission of yellow fever as being a problem.
Uh, but I guess technically you, you could be right, but I, yeah.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
But, but, you know, all right.

[SPEAKER_00]
All right.

[SPEAKER_03]
Fair, fair enough.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.
Fair enough.
Let's see.
Is this, yeah.
Steve.
Okay.
Asked you that one.
Asked you that.
Is there any data for our armed services that might show large amounts of sick, injured or death?
Okay.
So are you aware, you know, there's the DMED.
Where are we with the DOD data?
Either of you or both.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, you know, this isn't my expertise and I haven't really delved into it.
But what I understand is that the data is really damaging and they don't care.
It's like you tell your commanding officer that we have these many people disabled and this is abnormal.
And I've had, you know, marathon runners, they took the shot and they're disabled.
And it's like the commanders do not care.

[SPEAKER_00]
Wow.

[SPEAKER_03]
So that's what I know.
I don't know.
Jeff, do you have any more info?

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
I mean, I think the Dean Med is probably the best.
You could also look at insurance claims for private insurance because, you know, a lot of the service people may also have insurance policies that could be in, you know, the Blue Cross database or Medicare Medicaid.
But DMED is where they're going to be going for most of their medical treatment.
So that's the primary source in that the military is playing games with it right now.

[SPEAKER_00]
Right.
And DMED is Defense Military Epidemiological Database.
That doesn't make sense.
Defense Military Defense Medical Epidemiological Database.
Is that what it is?

[SPEAKER_06]
I think that's right.

[SPEAKER_00]
Something like that.
OK.
For Jeff, do you think Reiner Fulmick of New Zealand has a good case with the Mayoris to show intent to commit fraud by New Zealand's government?
Are you aware of that?

[SPEAKER_06]
I'm not up to speed on that one.

[SPEAKER_00]
I'm not either.
Okay.
This one's important.
From Deighton Tom, if one can prove fraud by Big Pharma, will that remove the liability protection?
And Asasha Ladopova said, with the COVID vaccines, because they're under the Other Transactions Authority, the OTA, and it's a prototype ordered by the DOD, and all the stuff that even showing fraud somehow is insufficient to attach liability.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
And this is what I was hinting at before when I was saying, you know, who actually made the, who's the real manufacturer, right?
Is Pfizer just a pass-through marketer?
Right.
And, you know, what Sasha uncovered initially, and all the evidence seems to support her, and they're not denying it, is that this stuff originated at DARPA.
And, you know, it's a DARPA Skunkworks project.
And so that tremendously complicates the analysis of liability.
And so you've got government, sovereign immunity protections layered on top of that.
You have the PrEP Act and the vaccine act.
And I mean, it is a mountain of spaghetti.
It's not just a big plate of spaghetti.

[SPEAKER_00]
No, it's so true.
All right, here's a closing question.
It's a good one to wrap it up with.
from David, if the founders, our founders created such a great system, how has it been so easily hijacked?
He says by progressives for the past 100 years.
How have the progressive managed to get us here?
And is it really just progressives or does it transcend party?

[SPEAKER_06]
Okay.
I love this question, but it is not the kind of question that I can answer in a sound bite, right?
I mean, the, the Marxists were attacking the U S one year after the Russian revolution, after the communist revolution in Russia.
They had agents over here.
Um, you know, everybody knows about McCarthy and, you know, communist penetration of the U S during the fifties and sixties.
And,
I think to follow the Soviet Union only made things worse because all of those embedded communist agents didn't have a master anymore and I think probably the Chinese came in and just took took up wholesale the the whole Russian network and They've been using our system against us, right?
So we have free speech here.
So they use this they use speech and they
you know, try to convince people that these silly progressive ideas are better than capitalism and free markets and freedom.
And what we've allowed to happen is we've allowed them to dominate and we've allowed them to shame us.
to censor us, we censor ourselves, right?
We have the First Amendment.
This whole thing about, you know, like bringing up God at the school board meeting, people are like, oh, you know, church and state, no, that's not how it works.
You can talk about God as much as you want at the school board meeting, okay?
We have allowed ourselves to believe that we can't.
So it's a, it's a, it's a war, man.
I mean,
and both.

[SPEAKER_00]
Oh, he's breaking up.

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, he.
Yeah.
And listen.

[UNKNOWN]
Okay.

[SPEAKER_00]
Wait, you were breaking up.
So go back like one sentence.
Oh man.

[SPEAKER_03]
Somebody else in his house is never know the answer.

[SPEAKER_00]
Jeff, if you can hear us, you were breaking up for the punchline.
Can you go back to sentences and tell your wife to stop streaming a movie or whatever?
I don't know.
Well, listen, I strongly encourage everyone to subscribe to just daily blog and substat coffee.

[SPEAKER_03]
Oh, ah, no, he's offline now.

[SPEAKER_00]
Oh, man.
Yeah.
So we'll put a link.

[SPEAKER_03]
Somebody doesn't want you to know the answer to that question.

[SPEAKER_00]
Oh, gosh, we totally
deprived of the punchline on that one.
Interesting.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, stay tuned next week.
We'll have the answer.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.
Oh, man.
So yeah, subscribe to coffee and COVID it is truly entertaining.
It's just he has such a like I said, like a comic tone.
And it's just very amusing, well-written and a fast read, even though there's tons of it.
Link in the chat.
Our VSRF volunteers are live on Twitter Spaces right now, simulcasting the show on our back safety handle.
Please join us immediately following.
Are you going to jump over there, Steve, for a few minutes?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, I'll join for a short time.

[SPEAKER_00]
It's so good to have you back.
So Steve will be there.
We'll find out.
Maybe we can text Jeff.
And as the threat of fall and winter mandates continues, don't forget about our VSRF swag shop.
One of the best ways to normalize our resistance messages is to share how we feel about it.
And there's no better form of peaceful protest, PP, than carrying like a tote bag to the grocery store that says, I will never comply.
You don't have to say anything.
You just let people read how you feel.
or to plant doubt in others with a shirt that says, the fear is back, right?
We have a lot more great merchandise in our store.
Thank you, Livio, for scrolling through some of it.
We'll put a link in the chat.
We also have, of course, Steve's favorite misinformation super spreader t-shirt.
And that link will go in the chat.
Finally, join us next Thursday, October 5th.
We will be speaking with the incredible Dr. J.P. Salibi.
about how to heal from chronic illness, Lyme, mold, long COVID and vaccine injury.
We had him on before and there were a bunch of questions about Lyme and so, and he's very knowledgeable.
So this is going to be one not to miss.
If you or anyone you know is suffering from any of these conditions, come join us and bring your questions.
It'll be a fantastic conversation.
So seven p.m., same place, same time, same channel, and we'll sign off with a clip that Livio has chosen for us, really interesting guy.
Thank you everyone and stay for this clip and have a great night.
Good to see you Steve.

[SPEAKER_05]
you

[SPEAKER_04]
I'm running out of time to wake the people up I see a few waking up but I don't see enough If you wanna hear some real rap then turn the speaker up They locked me in a sange and I feel to free them up Rest in peace, black the ripper lit me like this weed I live like a lion, I don't wanna die a sheep You can't kill me for talking about genocide The body stops working but the spirit never dies I'm looking at this pandemic from a bird's eye They're lying to the people, not for the first time I just wanna see peace like the Mertz sign I tried DMT and I opened up my third day
Rout money and swag, that's not real rap How the real ones in the struggle gonna feel that Everybody's lost chase in the fake life Too busy on social media and facetime Just look at the way that we live our lives Wake up, get this money, then it's dinnertime I love life, I coulda died but I'm still alive I'm still me without the claws and the bimmer sign You could strip me, they could put me in a jungle No matter how much money I made, I stayed humble I had to grow up since 8, I've been a uncle I don't know where you see my nieces but I love you
Kids have technology, it's not right though I can't stand seeing youths on these iPhones Re-stunt vegan, yeah that's my bro Ain't no dead animals allowed in my home We need to drop our egos and start showing love I feel sorry for the generations growing up With a bunch of fake people to look up to That's another soul that's gonna be a lost shoot
I look around and I don't see no real men Just lost ass putting masks on their children That's why if I have a kid then I'm a raisin' right I'll refuse till it's a minute soon to change my life All the stress is from the world that's getting to my head It's so mad, would it be better if I was dead?
But fuck that, cause that's not the right attitude I'm grateful for life, so I'll show gratitude
