[UNKNOWN]
you

[SPEAKER_01]
Hi, this is Mila Radetic, and I'm a host for the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation's live college edition, and welcome to our bi-weekly Monday show.
Tonight we'll be talking with Phoebe Lu, a University of Connecticut student who has canceled from her school along with $23,000 of merit scholarships, and Ben Lipp, a University of Cincinnati graduate currently fighting a lawsuit against COVID-19 mandates.
Tonight our guest is my personal doctor, Dr. Michael Wong again, who is formally on our show talking about medical licenses being taken away in California.
Michael attended UCLA for his undergraduate studies and obtained a degree in biochemistry.
He pursued a medical education at St. George University School of Medicine.
He completed his internship at Indiana University and family practice residency at UC Davis.
At UCLA, he was active in biomedical research, and during medical school, he participated in heart research at Stanford University Cardiovascular Research Institute.
The VCRF is a 501c-free organization with a mission to end COVID-19 mandates and advance COVID-19 vaccine safety through public education and advocacy of scientific research.
as well as to provide support to the vaccine injured.
We encourage open and transparent conversations, scientific and medical inquiry and questions.
So ask us questions.
We call for truth and transparency in our colleges.
So our fellow students and future generations can receive informed consent and freedom to have the education without coercion or mandates.
We support education for all.
Thank you for joining us live on Rumble.
And if you'd like to ask us any questions, please drop them in the comments.
All right, so Michael, we're excited to have you join the show again.
Thank you for your persistent effort in bringing safe and good medical care and fighting hard against cancer culture.
Can you bring us up to speed on what's happening?

[SPEAKER_03]
Sure, thank you for having me on your show again.
My practice have officially closed as of the 1st of this month, being a combination of pressure from the medical board and also Sutter Medical Group decided to cancel my contract for Epic, which is electronic medical record system.
So I basically had
becoming more and more difficult of practicing safe and effective medicine.
And since I've seen so few people come into my office with vaccine injury and also with COVID infection, I decided it's time to close my practice.
and take some time to take care of myself, my mental health and physical health, and kind of regroup.
It was a very difficult decision, but I think when I saw the first family that I stepped into my office about three years ago for COVID-related issues, and I knew that this day will come.
That means I will eventually will have to give up my practice and most likely lose my licensure with the state of California.
But yes, being
It's been different after closure of the office.
And as you can see with the bike in the background, I've been doing tons of cycling, a lot of races all across the country, riding 100, 200 miles and just getting fit.
So it's been good.

[SPEAKER_02]
Wow.
That's awesome.
I'm really glad to hear that, you know, you're taking care of yourself first.
And my first question about that is, so between pressure from the medical board, as well as seeing less and less COVID related patients coming in, it was a, and your own
you know, decision, how big of each factor did it play into choosing to take a step back?

[SPEAKER_03]
Sure, the straw that brought the chemicals back is losing the contract with the electronic medical record system.
Basically, I had a feeling that people were just trying to find every excuse they can to apply pressure on my practice.
Without this electronic medical record system, we're here to reinvent the wheel.
That means we're going to go back to paper chart, which is very inefficient if you practice set up doing things electronically.
So imagine do this interview with, you know, mail.
It's just, it's very difficult to do because we're used to doing podcasts and in Zoom and whatnot.
So with that,
being the case, and I contact Epic, which is the electronic medical record system, I contact the parent company and say, is your another health entity I can sign up with, since I'm losing a contract with Sutter, that I can continue to use the electronic medical record system.
And they gave me a bunch of options, and I reached out to all sorts of medical organization, no one will call me back.
And I will call them repeatedly and email and
And I just don't hear from anyone.
So I knew somehow I'm on the blacklist.
And I'm not surprised.
Being how vocal I've been advocating for my patients' medical autonomy and also fighting for freedom and liberty, I knew that this is coming.
So this is the day and age that we live in.
It's cancel culture.
Imagine if you're religious, what would Jesus, Muhammad, Buddha do if you're not perfect?
Do they just cancel you, or do they help you to get better?
So in our society nowadays, it's all about canceling each other.
If I don't like you, if you say something, if you dress a certain way, if you support a certain type of movie, if you support some type of initiative, or if you lean one way or another politically, we're going to cancel you.
You don't exist.
You don't matter.
I think that's just horrible.
You know, it basically shows that people are so full of themselves.
They don't look at themselves in the mirror sometimes and say, oh my gosh, I'm not a perfect person either.
And so canceling each other, we should support each other, we should counsel each other, we should help each other get better.
It doesn't matter what our viewpoint may be.
And especially in the past three years, past 10 years probably, this cancel culture movement has been just detrimental to our society, for our community, especially for young people such as you three that are trying to start your career.
And you know, if you do something or if you link certain way of belief certain things and
Well, we don't like you.
There goes your ability to get a degree.
There goes your ability to go to nursing school.
There's your ability of getting a graduate degree.
That's uncalled for.
I mean, that's just absolutely stupid.
If you want to run a country, if you want a society that's successful, cancel culture have no role in anywhere.

[SPEAKER_00]
May I chime in here?
Well, my first comment, I heard that you were at Indianapolis University.
That's where my dad went.
I'm in Cincinnati.
You know, when you were talking, I don't know how it works with medicine, but that the state of California, that the licenses are under the state, you know, maybe you should give the Midwest a try.
If you ever get your license again, there's some great road biking out here.
Sure.
But with the I found interesting what you mentioned with the
When you were dropped from the electronic record system and then you seek other companies that provided the same service like I work in.
the banking industry right now.
And I know that there's like between those different institutions, there's a lot, there's a lot of avenues of cross communication where like, you know, entities can actually be blacklisted if they're needing to commit fraud.
So I wonder, like, do you think there could be something like that with the AMA?
Have you looked into that?
Is there an actual like, did somebody actually file a report against you?
Maybe possibly you could obtain that.

[SPEAKER_03]
Oh yeah, I mean, I have 30 different complaints in the medical board against me.
That's why I'm being investigated.
I still have California licensure.

[SPEAKER_01]
What were the complaints about?

[SPEAKER_03]
Oh, the complaint just about providing exemption for, you know, mostly kids so they don't have to wear face mask going to school.
Basically complaint from
I think a couple of different cities where I provided exemption for firefighters and they don't wish to receive a COVID vaccination.
And yeah, so these are the complaints against me.
So yeah, you know, medical board, you're basically asking an entity to give you permission to practice your trait.
And unfortunately, well, when I started practicing medicine in 2000, the government are not as corrupt as now, but now it's absolutely, I won't even say useless.
It's basically, it's a criminal organization, right?
They are there to benefit themselves and not the people.
When I became a US citizen, I had to swear to protect the constitution when I became a citizen.
So I didn't make an oath to protect the special interests of some large organization or the big pharma and whatnot.
So constitution is what matter.
So as far as getting licensure in any other states, it's all the same thing.
It's the big pharma basically control on all the medical licensure entities in all 50 states.
It doesn't matter where you go.
It's very, very hard for you to find a physician that will support your decision not to get vaccinated.
And everyone is afraid to lose their license.
So for me, it was a...
major red pill moment, knowing that the system has completely failed us.
I'm much older and what I'm fearful is for young people such as you three, such as my kids, such as your kids when you're older.
What will our country, our community be like?
What kind of pressure will you be facing in your children's future will be as far as this country goes?
Will you be able to practice your trade without constantly looking at your back and see who is going after you?
And that's what I'm most concerned about.

[SPEAKER_01]
Wow, yeah, that's absolutely crazy that that's all happening.
How long have you been fighting against the medical board and all of this?

[SPEAKER_03]
The first time I had encountered with a medical board was before COVID.
very unfortunate family, you know, made something and report me to the medical board and that was investigated.
That's the first time I had any experience with them.
And from that experience, I knew that there's no justice.
It's not just in medicine.
Justice is about
special interests.
It's about who you are able to hire as an attorney.
And I was very lucky that I got a fantastic attorney.
And we have to look to all the judges and decide who will think more favorably on my part.
and then go to court and fight the case.
And I eventually won against the medical board, but there's no justice.
Justice is not blind, right?
Justice, I think, I don't think that there's a justice in anywhere around the world that's quote unquote blind, that if you're innocent, they will find you innocent.
It's all about what type of influence you can have.
It's about what type of lawyer you can have.
It's all about the type of attorney that's on your side.
of all the hundreds and thousands of vaccine-injured patients I've seen in the past two years.
Now, I get this question all the time, is, hey, doc, do you know of any attorney that can help me fight because I was vaccine-injured?
And then I would tell them, hey, I'm sorry, but the quarry is not on your side, right?
they don't have your interest in mind and they're all influenced by the state.
So it's unfortunately, most of the cases that do go to court for vaccine injuries, they don't do well.
So this is another thing that, you know, for young people such as you three and all the young people are listening, I think it doesn't matter what profession that you want to go into in the future, you have to remember justice is not blind.
It's very, very biased.
I hate to talk this way, I hate to discourage you, but when I was your age, 30 plus years ago, it wasn't like this.
We thought, hey, as long as we do the right thing, as long as we're putting in the time, putting in the work and get our degree and diploma that we're gonna do well, we're gonna be able to live a happy and fulfilling life.
It's not like that anymore.

[SPEAKER_01]
So what were the grounds for them revoking your medical license and taking your practice?
Why were you canceled?

[SPEAKER_03]
Sure.
I still have my license.
The investigation for the COVID exemption I provide is still ongoing.
But eventually, they're going to recommend to either put me in some type of disciplinary action where I have to have a physician or another person come and monitor me.
to practice medicine.
And I paid them probably 50, I don't know, $100,000 in two years to do that.
On top of that, I had to pay them the legal fee to go after me.
So that's another bill that they passed last year in California.
If a physician is investigated, not only do we or myself had to spend the money to hire attorney to defend me, now I have to pay the medical board's legal fee to come and try to prosecute me, right?
So that basically shut everybody up.
Either we do the state's bidding or the medical board's bidding or we're done.
So that pressure is there.
And like I said, it's very hard to expand my practice.
For example, I don't want to hire new staff.
I don't want to hire a physician assistant or nurse practitioner come work with me because, you know,
I don't know, my license is in the air.
It could be canceled any time.
And once I lost the ability to keep medical records electronically, I just thought that's it.
It's time to put an end to this and start the next chapter.

[SPEAKER_00]
You said something meaningful about licensing boards, which is that like when you started talking about it that they're kind of like a gatekeeper for you to be able to practice your trade.
But like something and there's this author I really enjoyed named Thomas Sowell and he writes extensively about licensing boards.
But the interesting point he's made, which I agree with, is every bad doctor is licensed, just like a good doctor.
So it's like, I really care whether or not my doctor's licensed.
I want to know if they're effective.
I want to know if they're going to be able to help me.
And I think times like this, when the boards start being used for subjective reasons to go after people for political reasons, I think there's going to be a distrust that builds on this because historically people have relied on these licensing boards.
but they're kind of just, they're like burning up all this reputation they built up, they burnt it up so quickly, it seems to me.
I really hope that this is a shift away from that kind of thinking, like less centralized decision making in medicine, I think would be a great thing.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, licensure is basically, like I mentioned earlier, you're asking an entity a pretty, please, can I practice my trade?
So, like you said, you know, bad physician, they have medical license, right?
I think it's dishonest for me to say, hey, I'm a cardiovascular surgeon.
I did my training at Stanford for 10 years, so I can crack a chest open and put a new heart in if you need heart transplant.
But getting or having board certification or medical licensing doesn't guarantee that you're going to be a great surgeon.
I think just like everything else, it's the reputation that you have as a person, as your trade.
Are you a good podcaster?
Are you a good engineer?
What happened to the bridge that you built?
What happened to the patient that you take care of as a nurse?
What happened to the patient that you have that's vaccine-injured?
Were you able to treat that patient?
I think the reputation is important.
Yeah, licensure, it's basically like you said, Ben, it's like a gatekeeper that ensure that certain trade will have certain type of income.
You really restrict other people entering the profession.
If there are no medical licensure, I think there will be a lot more physicians, our income will definitely reduce.
Would there be other bad, you know, more bad physicians?
I don't know.
Maybe there will be.
But I think if you leave it up to just the general public, if you leave it up to the free market, the free market will be able to make that decision who is good and who is not good.

[SPEAKER_02]
I mean, hey, there's always the unlicensed medical doctors.
um, that you can find on back alleys, right.
And they, they also claim that they can practice medicine, practice surgeries.
Um, but that, that last year is, is almost a certification.
It's, it's like a test, but it does not, you know, determine
Again, the end quality, like you can, I like how you pointed towards the results and solutions that you provide as a doctor in order to determine quality because if, you know, license sure is completely removed.
then would we all not be back alley doctors who claim a medical experience?
So it's like what you said, a gatekeeper, but the results and the solutions and the care that you provide for patients is what sets you apart as a good doctor, effective doctor.
And I think that it's very courageous of you to
have spent a real lifetime of pursuing degree, opening a practice, garnering patience and garnering respect and your experience, and then to still be so adamant in standing up for the Constitution and for individual liberties and the rights of patients.
In the future, I think about
people who are like us, who are individually minded and would like to stand up for human rights and for individual rights, but they're also going into the medical field.
What would you recommend those types of students, students who have individual values,
but want to be able to provide medical care to patients, what would you recommend them do?

[SPEAKER_03]
In a perfect world, we'll be able to practice our trade.
Doesn't matter if it's medicine, engineering, nursing, being a podcaster in news agency and whatnot, that we don't have the answer to a licensing board.
I think medicine now is so corrupt.
It's not something I would typically recommend someone to go into.
Sorry, Mila, I didn't mean to discourage you.
But I think, Mila, your personal experience with your vaccine injury, it's important that we have someone like yourself that represent a sound mind to be able to help.
people that are in need.
I think you'll be selfish for me to say, don't go into medicine because you might end up like me.
But there are many physicians out there and many nurses out there that basically kept their mouth shut.
They wore masks for three years and their license are okay.
But individually, you will have to decide whether that's something that you can put up with or not.

[SPEAKER_01]
We have to continue fighting.
We can't just give up.
Just because I'm vaccine injured and just because there's multiple programs that won't allow me to do my clinical rounds or anything like that because I'm not boasted.
I had someone ask me earlier today.
I was in an interview with them and I got into the program and they're like, are you boosted?
I'm like, no, I'm vaccine injured.
Your program said you did not require it.
And she's like, no, the program doesn't, but the hospital does.
And I told her about my story and she's like, well, I know it almost killed you, but would you be willing to get boosted?
Absolutely.
Should not be like that.

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, that's a hospital, right?

[SPEAKER_01]
It's going to be worth it, though.
You know, you have to fight, you have to push back.
And you already did your part in that.
And now it's up to the rest of us and our generation of upcoming physicians, doctors, lawyers, everyone else.
We have to stand up.
We can't just sit in silence anymore.
That for sure did not work.

[SPEAKER_03]
So Mila, you and I are in the front line of the socialistic change in our country.
And that means basically this socialistic practice becoming more and more prominent.
You started with cancel culture.
You basically take away our ability to speak freely.
YouTube video get taken down.
You get smear if you do anything going against the public sentiment.
It's very hard for young people like yourself that wanna make a career and being or wanting to say and do the right thing.
I think it's, you know, getting the licensure now, I think I said this before, it's kind of asking the mafia, can I have a license to sell hot dog?
They say, sure, but eventually they're gonna shake you down for money.
Doesn't matter which state you go to.
So in a perfect world, we'll be able to practice our trade without asking some type of state agency, basically a permit, a licensure permit to do so.
A perfect experiment of something that's close to what we talking about, a free market society will be like Hong Kong before China took over.
Very, very little regulations.
Anything goes in Hong Kong.
But it was very, very thriving, very,
it's a very entrepreneur environment.
And they did extremely well for 90 plus years.
And now it's all going downhill, right?
Now you had a totalitarian regime coming into Hong Kong, start to restrict free speech, restrict a free market.
And that makes it very difficult.
So this is the part I'm struggling, is what I would recommend if someone wanna go into medicine,
Right now, I think it's anyone who will go into medicine that wanna go on the traditional route, I think it's very risky.
For example, when I was going through medical school in the 90s, if I disagree with my senior physician, we can have a very heated discussion.
And at the end of the discussion, if I'm right, he or she will recognize that and say, okay, yeah, you're right.
Let's go ahead and do it this way.
But nowadays, you gotta really watch out.
know, whether you're going through college, going to med school, going to graduate program, if you disagree with your professor, if you speak up once, that could be the end of your study, let alone not, you know, let alone finishing getting a degree.
So again, that goes back to the cancel culture, that goes back to this socialism practice, right?
We no longer counsel people, we want to cancel people.
So I don't have the right answer for you all, for your listener that want to go into medicine.
But I do have to say if someone that's as courageous as Mia, you do want to go in with the right frame of mind.
There could be challenges.
You may have to change school because you may do or say something that your school don't agree with.
Kind of like Phoebe, I don't know whether you changed school or not.
You know, you may have to make that change in your academic study.
It's not easy.
So, yeah.

[SPEAKER_02]
I actually completely changed my career.
do something different.
And after doing it, I realized it's more practical in the long run, as I was also in the medical dental field, pursuing a dental degree, but switching career.
Because of what happened at my school and having my scholarships removed and being removed myself as a student, it was a blessing in disguise.
But
I didn't realize that the medical field or the traditional medical field was so pretentious these days.
How you describe it, if you say one wrong thing, you know, you could get your education removed.
It's very much walking on eggshells.
So I think you make a good point that if you are going to
you know, enter into that environment that you have to be prepared to be flexible and to be malleable and, you know, adapt to changes that may come along, um, switching schools and, you know, giving, allowing time for, for mishaps to happen, um, just due to the environment.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
I mean, imagine yourself, if you're pregnant, you're, you have one little child at home,
If you're the breadwinner and you have a house and two car payment, all of a sudden you got pulled into office to talk with HR.
There's a patient complaint that Mila is not wearing masks, doing a dressing change.
And there you go, you're fired.
Okay.
So what do you do next?
It's not just about the hospital.
It's not just about the hospital requiring to be boosted.
It's the patient, right?
I think being in the medical field, it is walking, literally walking a shot.
Anybody can report you.
And especially in California, the medical board actually came out and they encouraged the public
to report their medical provider if we're doing things that, for example, if we're not wearing masks, or if we say something that's quote unquote questionable about COVID, they actually issue bulletin to encourage Californians to report their medical provider.
So I think we need fighters such as like Mila.
We need fighters
someone as courageous as yourself, Phoebe, and also for Ben to stand up for your rights.
Because if you don't, we're not gonna have a free country left.
Like I said, even though I don't look like I'm old, but I'm old and I'm almost 60.
So I have lived my life.
So let's say for some reason I'm not here next year, I'm okay with it.
Because I have accomplished the things I wanna accomplish and I'm okay.
but it's the young people that use it and it's the future of our country that I'm worried about.
My family are from China.
We came here not because we like to have our speech restricted.
We came here not because we like to be canceled.
We decided to immigrate to America because the constitution.
You know, we are born supposed to be treated as a free person, freedom of speech, freedom to protect our property.
If I became, you know, the time I became a U.S. citizen and I went and do my oath and say, oh, you know, you got to swear to protect the special interests of Pfizer, the special interests of the McDonald Douglas military company, I'll be like, I don't want to belong to this organization because that special interest eventually is going to come back and get me.
So are we going to in the next 10, 15, 20 years, where are we going?
What's the trajectory of this country?
I think it's less so depending on me as someone that's older to decide what the future of our country will be.
It'll be more on your shoulder, on your three shoulder to decide where this country or what our society is going to be.
Mila and I can always pack up our bag and run.
Okay, we can go to Idaho, we can go to Texas, we can go to Florida.
That's quote unquote freer.
But California was not like this.
California was a beautiful place to live.
California was very welcoming.
Look at Elon Musk, he started his company in Silicon Valley.
Any place can turn bad.
So, you know, we, I think we as a people, we need to stand up because we are the one that holds the power.
It's not the government.
They are functioning as a referee, right?
They are not the one that's going to make all of the silly and ridiculous rules that take away our liberty.

[SPEAKER_02]
It's power and the people.
And I wonder about this question quite often, and it's how do we approach the movable middle?
How do we get them to have an open mind and listen to a different side of the story?
And I wonder if you've had any experience in, you know, influencing somebody to rethink their perspective.

[SPEAKER_03]
It is difficult.
I think as a physician, my role is always to try to help improve my patients' physical and sometimes mental health.
But I always have to remind myself, every one of us have free agency.
It is up to us to decide how we're going to live our life, how we're going to take care of this physical shell of ours, our body.
It is up to Americans to decide what America will be in the next 20 years.
We cannot force them to live life some way, but I think
Recently, people are fed up.
If you just look at what happened with Disney, with all the loss that they have with a movie that they made, that's woke and allowing a bearded man dress up as princess in Disney world, serving their clients and people are fed up with that.
They're not going to their theme park.
They're not watching your movie losing millions and billions of dollars.
If you look at Bud Light, right, I didn't follow that closely, but they have pissed off a good group of people.
If you look at Target, right, it's when people act, when people speak, oftentimes with their wallet, and it does make a difference.
But that difference can only be seen under a certain type of aspect in our community, such as the commerce aspect.
But when it comes to war, when it comes to waging war against another country, when it comes to us making or doing things that prevent negotiation, such as ceasefire between the Russians and the Ukrainians, why aren't our politicians encouraging the ceasefire talk?
I think it's harder for the general public to exert that pressure.
But commercially, I think we can strongly exert our pressure.
I think the moms group has made a tremendous strike when they found out Target was selling some type of
gender, ambiguous clothing and whatnot, and they were not happy with it.
They spoke with their wallet and they were able to make that public.
I think as a whole, as a citizen, on how we can protect our freedom, we had to act from the grassroots.
For example, when I was seeing a lot of kids coming in, I mean, hundreds of kids coming in and say, hey, doc, I don't wanna wear a face mask going to school.
and I'll give individual exemptions, but I always tell them, hey, you need to talk to your friends, you need to talk to other people, you need to talk to other parents.
You guys got a group together and say, hey, we don't wanna do this.
It's some type of strike.
And very few family will do that.
And I was very fortunate the place I live over at Lincoln, there was about close to a hundred kids, they all got together and they say, we don't wanna do this.
They actually went on a strike.
They made a lot of noise and they all came to me for exemption.
There were so many kids not wearing face masks.
Basically they forced the city to drop the mask Monday.
So that's a perfect example.
These are from kids.
They're not from adults.
And parents were able to support their children's decision to make that move.
It is up to us to pressure the government, pressure the school district to make the right choice.
And this is the reason why, I think there was some example two years ago,
where a college student decided, I don't remember his name, decided not to wear a mask.
I think he's over at Canada.
They actually called the police in and arrest him.
And what happened to his classmates, some of the classmates very close to him, they just kind of filmed him being arrested.
Nobody stood up.
Nobody stood up to help protect him, spoke on his behalf.
They kept their mouth shut.
And that's why the school and the government is able to do all this crazy stuff.
I think it's, yeah, it would depend on us, every one of us, you know, we have these type of podcasts, these type of, you know, grassroot movement to make the difference.

[SPEAKER_00]
You mentioned earlier that you kind of first sought out the United States because of the values enshrined in our Constitution.
And I think the last 20, 30 years of the United States has been some of the most consequential in terms of centralized government power increasing.
So as you were saying, you kind of implied that
the longer you've been in the United States, the more you've seen the country stray from those values.
And so, like, I'm curious what your opinion is.
Like, do you think that this is mostly due to, like, the government creating influences, like, exercising more power to kind of change the way that people think about the government?
Or do you think there is a, has there been a shift in culturally, like, how Americans view our government?
Or do you think it's some combination, like,
What do you think has been the root cause of that change and what even put us in this position to be so susceptible to something like COVID?

[SPEAKER_03]
I think just like a disease, it doesn't kill you overnight.
It's a little thing, right?
It's a little thing that we put in our mouth that slowly make us sick.
There are very few examples of countries and organizations that are perfect, although they are good, that can last forever.
I don't think that we have history, an example of one place where people can live free and be happy.
I think once you give that quote unquote power to the government and they basically legislate administrators that have no power and they pass all those regulations and whatnot.
And then when you are slowly allowing special interests to come in and basically influence the politician, for example, for the Obamacare.
pharmaceutical company basically told Obama, hey, you're not going to be able to pass Obamacare if you don't, you know, if you do things to cap all costs, right?
They want to be able to sell their drugs and increase the price of the drugs without any restrictions.
and Obama gave him and say, okay, we'll let you do whatever you would like to do as far as price-wise.
And then after the Obama Care was passed, a lot of money came in and start to influence the politician to vote a certain way.
So, it's a slow trip.
Just like the vaccine requirement for all three of you and you may have received 70 plus different vaccines.
since you, from the time that you were born until now, compared with me, where I may have gotten 20, right?
In the past 30 years, all the quote unquote medical events has increased our life expectancy by 100%, nothing.
If anything, our life expectancy have decreased.
So in the meantime, the cost of medical care has increased exponentially.
Why is that?
It's because we have a lot of fraudulent research data.
If you listen to RFK Jr., his podcast with Joe Rogan was fantastic.
he was able to lie on a lot of the vaccine, quote unquote, research that's basically falsifying information.

[SPEAKER_01]
So- How would you be able to tell the difference between certain studies that are true versus not, if you're not part of the scientific community?

[SPEAKER_03]
You don't need to be a physician to really know and understand the data.
Data are data.
be it a Formula One race car, right?
If someone tells you, I can stick a blow dryer into your air intake in your car, that will increase your horsepower by 100%.
And they show you a bunch of graph and whatnot.
You look at it, you look at that data, you're like, hmm, that smells kind of funny.
It's kind of questionable.
I don't think that you can stick a blow dryer in the air intake and win races, right?
So if you look at the medical literature, I think the first,
telltale sign that things are not right is I think over 90% of the medical research now are sponsored by a drug company.
It's the same drug company that want to sell the drugs that sponsored the study.
And when you see those type of data, you might as well just throw it away.
It doesn't matter how fancy.
It doesn't mean it's published by New England Journal of Medicine, by Lancet, it's all garbage.
If I gonna sell something that's gonna make me a billing year, and I sponsored a study, I hope that you're not gonna believe my result.
Because it's gonna buy us, you know, for my benefit, not for your benefit.
So yeah, I would say, you know, for government, it's a slow drip.
we, quote unquote, the founder of this country, I think either by accident or miracle or some type of divine intervention that we were able to have this constitution.
There are many country in the world that adopted our constitution to a certain way to kind of ensure that they have certain type of rights for their citizens.
But it's, I mean, it's being solely stripped away.
I don't know.
All three of you, when you were younger, you know, going through elementary school, did you ever have to take a class in constitution, in Bureau of Right?

[SPEAKER_01]
No, I can tell you, I've never had to take an American history class throughout all of elementary, middle school, and high school.
And even in college, it's not required.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right.
So I think more than 50% of young people nowadays in your age group, when they were surveyed and asked if our country invaded, would you take our arm and defend our country, more than 50% of them say no.
I think the sense of identity has really eroded.
Not to say, a lot of people now they think nationalism is a bad word, right?
We should not be patriotic.
But I think we need to look back at America and say, you know, what kind of country is America?
There are no country in the world that perfect.
You know, I hate to break the news.
Every country have their sin.
Every country has some form of slavery.
But personally, I have benefited greatly.
If it's not for the soldier that gave their life during World War II and fought in the Pacific theater, I would not be here.
My grandparents, my mom, they were strafed by the Japanese planes during World War II.
And I grew up in Taiwan.
And if it's not for the protection of Taiwan,
I would not have the ability to come here and get a higher education, be a physician.
I would not have the ability to help Mila when she suffered vaccine injury.
So for me personally, I'm very grateful.
All the things that was done by your grandparents and by the people that sacrificed
that by the Americans that gave their life in somewhere far away from their home.
So this means a lot to me.
And I'm very, very happy that when I became U.S. citizen, I swore to protect the Constitution, not something else, not Tony Fauci's special interests, right?
Not Ray Fion, not McDonald Douglas, but the Constitution.
that we believe that men are free, women are free, that we believe that we have the right to protect our property and your health.
And that school have no rights of forcing you to be experimented on medically.
So.

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, God bless the first responders and all military and citizens of America.
You need to wake up.
You need to recognize what's going on.
Stop neglecting it.
Take a look around.
Open your eyes because it's right in front of you.
So thank you so much for having us, for coming onto our podcast, Dr. Wong.
And if you found this episode helpful, please hit the thumbs up and leave a comment and share it with your friends and family.
Thank you for watching the VSRF Life College edition, and we hope to see you again in two weeks.
Good night, everyone.
