[SPEAKER_00]
Are you going to be able to have a doctor and you and your doctor can decide what's best for you?
Or are you going to get the same treatment as everybody else, which the government decided you need to have?

[SPEAKER_03]
They've lied to us.
It's manipulation of data.
They've outrightly lied to us.
We don't have any lie.

[SPEAKER_02]
Hi, this is Louisa Clary, the executive director of the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation, and welcome to our weekly update.
Tonight we'll be talking with Wall Street analyst and former BlackRock portfolio manager Ed Dowd and his partner insurance company, insurance industry expert, excuse me, Josh Sterling.
Steve, welcome.
Good to see you.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thanks, Louisa.
Good to be here.

[SPEAKER_02]
All right, so next we're going to go ahead and bring up our next two guests at once.
Ed Dowd has applied his expertise as a highly successful Wall Street analyst and former BlackRock portfolio manager to investigate what he saw as a pattern of sudden deaths among healthy young people across the country since 2021.
We're going to put on the screen a tweet from Dr. Peter McCullough.
It says, I just testified with a doubt of the US Senate can tell you he is a finance guy and solely data driven this new book on skyrocketing mortality, particularly among younger working age persons mandated into it is compelling until proven otherwise.
And of course, there is his book, the hard copy has just been released for a week.
I know we're going to hear a little bit more about it.
We're going to put that Children's Health Defense article that Dr. McCullough
tweeted out along with the link that you can find his new book.
Welcome, Ed.
Great to see you.

[SPEAKER_05]
Thanks for having me on.
Good to see you guys.
And before we begin, I just want to welcome Josh Sterling.
It's our first public appearance together.
Josh was instrumental in the early days of my media rise in helping me analyze insurance companies.
He's a former Sanford Bernstein number one ranked II.
institutional investor analyst.
He was on Wall Street for seven years.
He has deep relationships within the industry.
And he helped me analyze the companies.
He was the one who pointed out that we needed to focus on group life because that is a book of business that prices immediately.
And that's where the losses would show up.
And that's where a lot of the excess deaths have occurred that I view as a smoking gun for what's going on.
So I just want to give a shout out to Josh and
let everybody know he was instrumental in the millennial chart that I went out with.
He dove deep into the CDC data.
He broke it down by age cohort and came up with a five-year baseline from which to calculate excess deaths.
So he deserves a lot of credit for what I've done and we all continue to do.
So I just wanna say that before I begin.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, and just really quick, a couple extra things.
Josh was authored four black books on insurance.
His work has appeared on CNBC, Bloomberg,
Wall Street Journal of Financial Times.
He has an MBA from Stanford.
And most recently, of course, partnered with you, Ed, to analyze the death data following the COVID vaccine rollout.
He's very recently joined the legal team, also representing Brooke Jackson in her fraud lawsuits against Pfizer.
And he is the founder of Insurance Collaboration to Save Lives.
So welcome, Josh.
It's great to see you too.

[SPEAKER_01]
Thank you.
Thank you, Lisa.
Steve and Ed, I appreciate the introduction.
It's great to be here.

[SPEAKER_02]
Absolutely.
All right, Steve, I will let you take it away.

[SPEAKER_04]
Cool.
I have a whole bunch of questions.
I'm going to start with, you know, you guys are just misinformation.
I'm going to take the other side of this, right, just to make sure we just for fun.
You guys are just misinformation spreaders.
How confident are you that what you're saying is that these vaccines, these safe and effective vaccines are deadly?
What number would you put in terms of deaths per thousand?
If you were to put a number on a deaths per thousand from the vaccine, what number would you pick?

[SPEAKER_05]
I'll start.
Look, my whole career and Josh's whole career, we made continuing calls all the time.
That's how we made money.
So I've been called a misinformation expert several times in my career during the dot-com boom, the housing fraud.
So- You're my kind of guy.

[SPEAKER_04]
You're my kind of guy, Ed.
You're my kind of guy, Ed.
And by the way, Ed and I have met in person in Hawaii when I went to Maui.
Ed showed up.
I had no idea who he was.
He said he used to work at BlackRock and, you know, he just looked like a Hawaii dude when I met him.
I had no idea.
I had no idea.

[SPEAKER_05]
But the bottom line is this, Josh and I prided ourselves on what we call on Wall Street, being early, being right and being loud.
And I'm 100% convicted that the vaccines are killing people.
And at this point, the data is overwhelming.
And what we have now is the greatest cover up in the history of our nation.
Josh, over to you.

[SPEAKER_04]
Wait a minute.
Give me a number before we switch over.
Give me a number in terms of deaths per thousand of these shots.
You inject a thousand people, how many will die from the vaccine?

[SPEAKER_05]
I haven't done that math.
I just look at the meta big data and I'm with you on the number of deaths that you predicted off of bears.
I think it's roughly close to what you've been saying.

[SPEAKER_04]
Okay.
All right, Josh.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, Steve.
Listen, I'm thrilled to be here.
You know, I think we've done what you what you've done, which is we put our reputation, you know, earned over entire career, you know, coming into this to say there's a humanitarian thing and the data is stark.
You know, you know, to your credit, Steve, you were doing these PowerPoints like a year and a half ago.
when the data wasn't totally there yet.
But you could see that it was coming.

[SPEAKER_04]
Oh, to me, it was obvious.
Well, we're gonna have a debate on that.
But to me, it is very obvious.
There's no way you could explain that data.

[SPEAKER_01]
Clearly.
And that's why you built such a big and I'm not trying to like suck up to you or anything here.
But I just know ultimately, it's very hard to be ahead of the crowd.
That's what you do on Wall Street is you basically sort of do like, you know, you basically have to figure out what
what the truth is that everybody's going to figure out over a year or two.
And then you get there early and you own the space.
And I just want to say, you're doing it for humanitarian reasons, which I appreciate, but you would have been a great cell site analyst because you're early and you're right.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, maybe someone after this will hire me because I was so ahead of everyone else.
But I did this survey to find out who were the first people to call this.
And it wasn't me.
But there are a lot more people that call this early than I ever imagined.
And I had people yelling at me like, how come I wasn't on that list?
So I have to go back and redo that.
I'm going to make another note to
to do that.
But yeah, there are a lot of people who call this one.
But I'm glad you're on the right side.
But are you 100% confident at all as well that this vaccine intervention was bad?

[SPEAKER_01]
Oh, absolutely.
I mean, Steve, you're an engineer.
And so you think in terms of distributions and stuff.
I'm a Wall Street guy.
So I think in terms of charts and pictures.
And we have the charts.
We have the pictures.
It is proof.
It is killing.
I mean, you look at the data from the UK.
You know, the overall mortality rates 26% higher, you know, under age 49.
you know, it's 49% higher.
And for the poor people who took one dose and stopped, it's 145% higher.
You don't get more clarity than that.
You just don't.
And like the rest is just details.
I mean, we can explain why and how and all that, but you know, the numbers are there.

[SPEAKER_04]
So if I challenged you and I was a, if I was a betty man and I said, hey, I got a million bucks that you're wrong, that these vaccines have been a net benefit to society, would you take my bet?
See, this is where we're.

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, I mean, I don't think it could be proven.
I mean, there was this fake study that came out recently that like was a model.
Was it the Commonwealth or something where people sort of make that argument?
But, you know, to be honest, it's it's I don't think there's any data to support the other side.
I mean, I just don't.
I've looked at the six ways of Sunday and then you should take my bet.
Right.
I'm here.
But this is there's just not a lot of faith.

[SPEAKER_04]
Right.
So you should take my bet.
Right.

[SPEAKER_01]
Maybe I misunderstood your bet.

[SPEAKER_04]
I'm going to bet that the VEX, I'm going to play contrary in here.
It's be the evil Steve.
I'm actually going to thinking about sorting an evil Steve's substack.
Just to show the other side.
It'll be fun.
You'll see.
Okay.
So you bet me the million bucks.
Yeah.
I mean, I wouldn't bet you because I'd lose, but, but, uh, I just wanted to see.
Yeah.
Okay.
Cool.
Um, that's good.
I, you know, cause it's good.
This is what you should be doing.
Uh, this is what I've been doing and I still can't find anyone to take my money.

[SPEAKER_01]
And in fact, Steve, if this was subprime, you would have shorted this whole thing.
Yeah.
But we're not trying to do that because we're trying to save lives.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
And the problem, yeah, right, right.
But, you know, by the way, anybody who tries to short these stocks, Moderna and Pfizer, you know, you really got timing is everything here.
It's just like the movie, The Big Short, you know, you can get killed in the meantime before the rest of the people come
figure it out, right?
And that's exactly what's going on here is that a few of us have figured this thing out early, but you have to wait for the other guys to catch up with you because that's when these stocks crash because otherwise you could be in for trouble in the interim.
Does anybody debate you guys?
Have you guys ever been challenged to a debate challenge, you know, that someone is challenging you, Hey, you know, let's talk about this like, or have you, you know, conversely, if you asked anyone to debate you and gotten no takers like nothing, right?

[SPEAKER_05]
I can speak for myself.
I've had no one asked to debate me.
I've been fact-checked twice early days when Josh and I came up with the millennial chart and Reuters and AP
came into my, when I still had Twitter, came into my Twitter DMs asking for a comment.
I did not respond.
And their articles basically said that what I'm saying is untrue.
Their experts say it's not true.
And it was, there was no data provided just saying they talked to some experts.
They named a couple of people I've never heard of and they said it's false.
That was their debate.

[SPEAKER_04]
And why didn't you respond?
Why didn't you say, sure, I'll talk to you.
You know, I'll answer any questions and I'll refute these guys who are claiming it's not true.

[SPEAKER_05]
because they already had their story written.
They said the story's written, we just want to comment from you.
That's number one.
And I had seen what happened with Dr. Malone and they wanted to get a quote from me so they could make me look like a fool.
So it's better not to respond.

[SPEAKER_04]
I see.
I take the opposite approach, which is I respond and I have the tape recorder going.
And they don't like that at all.
They don't like that at all.
You know, fact checking is not about finding the truth anymore.
Fact checking is about supporting the propaganda campaign.
Josh, what's your story?

[SPEAKER_01]
You know, I haven't been challenged.
I think people are scared of my numbers.
I mean, it just ultimately it's, this is, you know, when you show up with a 70 page slide deck, people just don't want to deal with it.
So it's better to find other people that you can, you can, you can.

[SPEAKER_04]
Okay.
So I was forewarned that each of you have like two to five slides.
One has two and the other one has five.
And I want to go into that.
I want to give you a chance to show your slides.
But before I do that, I want to make one really interesting point because Josh and I have talked, I don't know, what was it, like six months ago.
And I asked Josh, I said,
Because he meets with all the insurance companies.
And I asked Josh, so these insurance companies who are making all these payouts and they get the death data, do they get the vaccination status of the people who died?
So we can at least start to narrow what might have been the cause of the death.
And the answer was no.
And then it was, so Josh, don't you think they should ask this?
Because wouldn't they like people to know that the vaccines are dangerous so they don't have to have these massive payouts, right?
That would make total sense, right?
Because insurance companies are all about profits.
So why wouldn't they find the cause of death is the vaccine, warn all of their
policyholders don't take the vaccine or just take or put a thing saying, if you die from after getting COVID vaccine, we're not going to pay for the... And there's an autopsy, blah, blah, blah.
But they don't want to know.
They don't even want to know whether you're vaccinated.
They should know whether you're vaccinated with COVID vaccine when you're vaccinated.
And did they have any side effect?
Just be interesting to really collect that data.
But the insurance companies,
don't want to ask the question.
You asked them to ask that, right?
And they said, no way, we're not gonna ask that, right?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, they just don't have, they don't have that data.
You know, the bigger issue with the insurers is, you know, this isn't, you know, they didn't cause this problem.
They're trying to figure out what to do with it.
It's really uncomfortable for just about everybody in society.
And so, you know, but you're right, there's a financial need.
And in a lot of cases, there's these companies, they had their mutual members as well.
You know, they care about their policy holders.
You know, I think they'd like to do the right thing, but as an industry, they haven't gotten there yet.
I mean, my group, our group, you know, the insurance collaboration to save lives.
You know, this is a bunch of important, like C-level people that are working behind the scenes, you know, CFOs, risk officers, actuaries, we got a CEO, we got a board member recently joined, you know,
But like it's a small group.
It's not, you know, we're not in charge of the industry and these are people trying to navigate.
How do they change the course, you know, a lot faster than is, than would otherwise happen, but it's still happening at insurance time, which is very different than tech time.
And, uh, you know, we'll, we'll, we'll get there when we get there.

[SPEAKER_04]
I'll tell you, if I was a CEO of an insurance company, you bet you're that I would be asking those questions for anyone who's submitting a death claim.
I'd say, when were they vaccinated?
How old were they?
How many vaccines did they have?
I'd be asking those questions if I was a CEO.
I'd probably be fired by my board of directors if I did that, right?

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, that's what they, I mean, I've heard, I've heard CEOs say that exact, tell me that exact thing, which is that, you know, they've got important people on their boards of directors and they don't, you know, not everybody thinks the way not, not everybody has, has been willing to look at this as a business problem.
You know, they think about it through political or religious, you know, sort of a religious life.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_01]
How do I, how do I protect my job?
You know, the reality is, is that we ought to be screening people.
We ought to be trying to prevent sudden deaths.
You know, a $25 blood test could help you understand, you know, could help you save a wife.
This is like not rocket science, but it has to start with an awareness and acceptance.
That's the hardest thing.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
And people who don't know anything about the insurance company would have thought just in their own mind that, oh, hey, if this were really caused by the vaccines, the insurance companies would be the first to say, hey, don't get the vaccine because they don't want to pay out.
But you're looking at all sorts of interesting things that play in once you start to delve into the details as to why they're not asking you.
This is like see no evil, hear no evil, speak no evil.

[SPEAKER_01]
So, and it just takes a long time for insurance companies to run out of money.
You know, it's very, it's a little different than subprime, you know, and, uh, you know, we'll, we'll see how this plays out, but it, you know, it's going to be every year, we're going to look at this and say, boy, there's more deaths, boy, there's more deaths, boy, there's more deaths.
And like, you know, we're trying to accelerate that thought process so that we can hope to prevent some of them.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yep.
Okay.
So let's go to Ed and Ed, you have a number of slides and then we're going to go to Josh and you've got a number of slides.
So take us through your slides as fast as you can so that we're getting the high points.
Sure.
This is your big chance.

[SPEAKER_05]
Absolutely, Steve.
I'm going to do my, what I call elevator pitch as to what's going on.
And basically I'm going to reiterate what I said in Senator Johnson's testimony.
The punchline is this.
In 2021 and 2022, the data suggests that it was detrimental to your health to be employed.
And the first piece of evidence comes from the Society of Actuaries.
This table you're looking at is the excess deaths according by age group in 2021 going to 2022.
What you see in the third quarter is that big spike up in the Millennials, about 84% excess death between the two age groups.
That's what Josh and I discovered in the metadata at the CDC.
And in August of this year, they published this report.
So basically, as a separate independent source of data, just suggesting that we were correct.
When you do the math on 2021 for ages 25 through 64, you get 40% excess mortality in the group life policyholders.
This is a survey of 80% of the revenues.
So group life is a special subcategory of the US population.
They experience 40%.
There was a study in 2016 by the Society of Actuaries that suggested that, on average, this group of people is much healthier than the general US population.
And in any given year, their mortality rate is 30% to 40% of the general population, which makes sense.
They're employed.
They're showing up to work.
To receive the claim, you have to be employed.
You tend to have access to better health care.
You're a Fortune 500 company, midsize company.
And you're just showing up to work.
So these people tend not to die.
In 2021, that relationship flipped.
So 40% for this group, 32% for the general U.S. population excess mortality as calculated by the Society of Actuaries.
So that relationship flipped.
In 2020, it held.
The group life policy members were affected by COVID but at a lower rate than the general U.S. population.
So this relationship mysteriously flipped in 2021 and continues in 2022.

[SPEAKER_04]
Um, so it had never, it had never flipped before in history.
Correct.
It had never been flipped before in history.
I mean, this is like, this should be like, people should be like, how can people ignore this?
I know the answer, but it's like, this is, it's a rhetorical question, but come on folks.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
Let's go to the second separate database.
This is the US Bureau of Labor Statistics.
And it's very curious.
The disabilities were running around 29.

[SPEAKER_04]
This is a survey done every month.

[SPEAKER_05]
It's a statistically imputed survey.
It's done by the people who give us the employment numbers every month.
And it's a survey.
But it's good data, and it has signaling.
In the four prior years to COVID,
the absolute numbers are bouncing between 29 and 30 million disabled people.
Starting around February through May of 2021, we took off and we went to a new high in disabled people and disability rate for the whole population.
And it was a three standard deviation event, year over year rate of change.
Steve, as you know, happens 0.03% of the time.
And so that, you know, in my world, in stock picking world, that's the signal change.
That's a trend change.
So when you break down the numbers, and you can, because you can use the data and they let you break it down, the employed population between 16 and 64 experienced a 26% increase in their disability rate between February and September, February of 21 and September of 2022.
The general population only experienced an 11% increase in their disability rate.
And that generally does not happen.
This is a much healthier group, as I've said, and this is definitely another indication that it was detrimental to your health being put in 21 and 22.
It gets even worse when you look at the not in labor force numbers.
We're gonna be doing a study on that soon.
Basically the not in labor force increase in disability rate was 4%.
So those who decided to get fired tend to do better in the aggregate than those who stayed employed.
And when I presented this data to Senator Johnson, I posed the question to him, why is Denmark, who has horrendous excess mortality, ending their vaccination program for under 50 saying it's better to get COVID than the vaccine?
Why are health authorities not looking into this employment crisis?
And why is no one talking about it?
He said, good question.
I also said to him privately, this is a national security issue because what's going on is essentially the excess mortality and disability seem to be focused on the military and the employed population of our country, which will devastate us for years to come if it's allowed to continue.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, plus there's a safety study that was done in Israel.
The Israeli mainstream media basically covered it up.
They said nothing about it.
It was covered by GB News, Neil Oliver on GB News.
And I tried to get the attention of the head of the ASIP committee, Grace Lee, Stanford professor who lives 10 minutes away from my house.
and she didn't respond to any of my texts, phone calls, emails.
And so finally I got exasperated and showed up at her front door.
She refused to answer the front door.
I wrote it on her front door as I left.
I was greeted by two members of the Palo Alto police force.
And so, you know, this is unbelievable that
They don't want to see the safety data.
You have the person who is most responsible here for the safety of the United States, and she would rather call the police on me for not violating any law at all.
just to get me off her doorstep than to answer the question, do you want to see the Israeli safety data that shows the vaccines are not safe?
No, they don't wanna see any data at all.
And I'm sure you're seeing the same thing with the people that you talk to that have you convinced any...
So here's the bottom line here is here's the money shot.
Have you can add, have you convinced and have you changed the mind of any authority like any state
federal member of Congress, have you shifted them from blue pill to red pill?

[SPEAKER_05]
No, not that I'm aware of, but I will say that Josh and I experienced during Josh's writing letters to CEOs to inform them of what's going on Prudential, which is a big insurance company and I'll let Josh tell the story.
Josh, why don't you tell that story?
It's a great story.

[SPEAKER_01]
Okay.
Thanks, Ed.
Yeah, so Prudential, one of the largest insurance companies in the world, headquartered in Newark, New Jersey, you know, we sent them, I sent them letters earlier in the year.
It's what, you know, the group, the insurance collaboration has grown out of this effort.
But at the very beginning, I basically just sent letters to all these insurance company CEOs, as well as the state insurance commissioners.
Some of them were elected, most of them were appointed, saying, you know, death rates are rising.
younger people are dying more.
We need, as an industry, we need to meet to talk about this and understand what's happening.
And we set up meetings with like, you know, a lot of the famous, I mean, I think you had Dr., you had, you know, you had Dr. Cole and Dr. Cariotti and Dr., you know, Dr., you know, Dr. Corey, a few others, joined, and Dr. Resch, you know, joined meetings that we hosted for all these insurance companies, CIOs.
Prudential didn't join.
called some people I know there, tried to invite them, still didn't come.
Other companies did.
Other companies sent some C-level people.
Others, insurance regulators, sent some C-level people.
But Prudential, a medical doctor from Prudential sent me a really nasty email a couple days later after the meetings.
And then Alex Berenson reports that actually they've canceled their vaccine mandate.
for other employees.
So you can piece together what happened at the company, but I think that our effort possibly, maybe just possibly affected someone's decision-making in Newark, New Jersey.
So we'll find out someday.
Sure.

[SPEAKER_05]
And Steve, I'll say this.
No one's approached me publicly or under the radar, but I know Wall Street has been viewing my LinkedIn profile pretty heavily because I'm the guy from Wall Street battling about excess debt.
And I will say this Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley pushed hard for vaccine mandates.
They were the two first investment banks to do it.
And then mysteriously this summer, they've quietly dropped their vaccine mandates and they don't want anybody to know that.
It came out in the news, but that's what they've done.
They led corporate America down this path.
They were the first to do it.
They said, if you were a CEO of a company and you wanted to visit our offices, you needed to be vaccinated.
So they led.
And now they have stopped.
So that's interesting.
And we'll never know the true story.
But you know, Wall Street, Goldman Sachs during the subprime crisis was long and strong, big believers.
Once they realized they were wrong, they pulled a 180 and started ripping the faces off their clients.
This is what Wall Street does.

[SPEAKER_04]
So why isn't Goldman taking a huge short position in Pfizer and Moderna?

[SPEAKER_05]
For all we know they are, or they've structured it with some timing in mind, you can use derivatives.
We have no idea what they're doing.
It's a black box.

[SPEAKER_01]
Steve, you also, this is Ed's call, but there's an old Wall Street aphorism that you can't short of broad, because it'll just go on for longer than you think, especially if it's in bed with powerful people.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yep, exactly.
I fully support that, right?
That these fraud things can go.
You know, I got caught in the FTX.
I mean, I lost a ton of money in FTX.
I mean, it looked super credible, like all these VCs are backing this guy.
And I looked at the, you know, the software was really well done.
It says, oh, you know, we're really strict on margin and all this.
And so they're doing like everything right externally.
And then you have the VC backing and the publicity and all that.
Man, oh, man, I got taken for a lot of money on that one.

[SPEAKER_05]
Sorry.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, it's okay.
But
It just shows you that even people who are aware of these frauds can still, I'm a lot more careful now, let me tell you, than I have before, especially in the crypto space.
I'll just mention this to people that the crypto space depends a lot on this thing called Tether, which is the US dollar.
I would bet anybody that Tether is not 100% backed.
I'll bet you that
Tether, they're doing the same thing on Tether in terms of spending what was put into Tether and it's not there.
But nobody wants to do a run on Tether.
If they did, it would collapse the crypto industry because there is no evidence.
I don't know if you guys know what I'm talking about.
There's no evidence.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, we know and it's a Ponzi and when it unravels, it'll be fantastic.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, so yeah, it's just that I'm afraid to short it because if you short it anywhere, you know that those guys collapse and you get nothing.
You know, so it's like it's one of these things that it's almost impervious to attack because if you attack it, you can't make money.
because of these companies that can go like a bankrupt, like FTX and everybody's wiped out.
I mean, so it's one of these frauds that everybody knows about, but everybody's playing the game.
So there are other, this vaccine is not the only one that's in plain sight.
So Josh, let's get to your slides.

[SPEAKER_01]
Sure.
Thanks, Steve.
Can you guys see my slides?
I've got so much stuff, but I want to just talk about just two different things, because I think they're the most exciting, which is, when I went to Senator Johnson's hearing, I was honored to be there.
And I show up like a earnest Wall Street analyst with my 70 pages of stuff.
And he's like, OK, we can talk about one.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
Josh, you have five minutes.
Exactly.

[SPEAKER_01]
Exactly.
No, no.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I didn't start where I meant to.
When you cut through it all, I think it's very clear the vaccine has been adverse for mortality.
And there's two different things I'd like to show you and your viewers relating to this.
This is a bit more of an extensive conversation about the comments I made when I was in DC.
Many of your viewers and people involved, and I know you know, Steve, the United Kingdom for
you know, 18 months was reporting a data series that included, you know, it included various slices, but it was, but, but most notably what it did was showed mortality by vaccination stats and it included like how many doses you had and when you had them.
And it was really kind of messy data.
And I don't know, but, but, but, you know, if you work with it, you can simplify it in a legitimate way.
And out of this, what you get to is something that really very clearly shows you on the left-hand side of the screen that
the gray line being the unvaccinated, that the relative mortality rate, you know, maybe it was a little bit, it was flat at the beginning, it rose during 2021, possibly because, you know, COVID, you know, and various other things.
But what ended up happening towards the end of 2021 and into 2022,
was basically that the mortality of the unvaccinated in the United Kingdom dramatically improved relative to that of the vaccine.
So that now in the most recent data we have, and this is on the right-hand side, the vaccinated mortality is something like 26% worse than the unvaccinated.

[SPEAKER_04]
How do they explain that one?

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, I mean, any other explanation except for that the vaccine is hurting people and leading them to have shorter lives is a really is a really difficult one.
Right.

[SPEAKER_04]
Do the officials ever get called on that?

[SPEAKER_01]
Say that again.

[SPEAKER_04]
Does anybody in the UK ever get called on this by the UK press to say, Hey, here's this slide.
Explain this to me.
Like what's going on here?
How come you guys are not explaining this?
Like it shouldn't be this way.
It's supposed to be the reverse.

[SPEAKER_01]
They buried it in a big data set, made it complicated.
And then when people started talking about it three or four months ago, they said they're not going to, or they're not releasing the data anymore.
And of course, if you're a chart guy, you can see that the trend is very bad for the vaccine.
The trend is your friend, it's going the wrong direction.
There are a couple other slides relating to this.
If you were to look at all these trends by ages, you can see that the youngest have strongly, like the left-hand side, you're some younger ages, and then it gets to be the middle age, and then it's the older.
Basically, everybody, it doesn't matter what age group you're looking at, this relationship of basically the mortality, I'll call it in quotes, air quotes, the benefit of the vaccine, the benefit of it that was apparent in the very beginning is all running the wrong direction.
And so if they continue to show this data set, almost certainly the numbers would be even worse if they were still updating it, but they're not.

[SPEAKER_04]
Can't figure out why that is.
Maybe they ran out of funding or something.
It's probably just a coincidence.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
This is also really troubling.
And it's really sad, tragic, I think is the way I think about it.
I think this may be one of the best single proofs of the magnitude and human tragedy of the vaccine injury.
If we look on the left-hand side, the way they reported is by the number of doses.
And so someone who like was unvaccinated in January, 2021, who then took one dose would move to the red line.
And then when they take two doses, they moved to the light red.
And then when they eventually like maybe six months later, take a booster, they move into that group.
That's like the three doses.
You sort of move through the journey of dosing.
After the first maybe three or four months of this data series, what you basically see is that the people who stayed at only one dose
And it's really clear by say that that June or September of 2021, the mortality rate on a monthly basis for that group skyrocket like US data.
If you're interested, I don't wanna keep going, but on the same sort of point, this is a different kind of way to look at data.
It's a scatter plot, X, Y.
These data points represent on the X axis, the number of doses per population,
So like more doses on the right-hand side, less doses on the left.
And the up and down axis is the increase as a ratio, like one being the same, of 2022 mortality divided by 2021 mortality.
And each of these data points represents data from the CDC downloaded a couple of days ago that shows
by state within, by type of metro area.
So like rural or group with rural and like big cities or group with big cities, the very relative vaccine vaccination rates.
And what it shows you, the fact that it's like upwardly sloping to the right, you know, and the regression line shows, which makes this simple to understand, but you could see even without the regression line,
is basically that the parts of our country which have had more doses of the vaccine are now having higher increased mortality in 2022 relative to their levels in 2021.
And you can go one step further, Steve, which is that if you look at the red line on the chart, you know, like the slope of the line is basically what US data would say is the vaccine relative mortality, you know, coefficient, if you will,
I feel like that's an okay word to use because you threw out Poisson.
Touché.
If we went down the slope, you can see that if we were at zero doses, we would have something like 14% lower deaths rate.
But if you go one step further, thank goodness everybody didn't take the vaccine because you can see that these things are anchored at, it depends on each of them, but around 200 doses per person.
we were supposed to take 400 or 500 if you're over 50 and so actually if you just do the math on this if we had followed the CDC's advice instead of having like a 14 or 15 percent or something like that the higher mortality we would probably have like a 28 or 35 percent higher mortality rate right now just thank goodness we didn't all take the shots and those of us who took one stopped at one and those who took two you know realized they didn't need to take a booster

[SPEAKER_04]
It's stunning.
If Chris Martinson was doing a video on this slide, I know what he would say.
He would say, the slope goes the wrong way.
Because he's done this before on other things.
The line goes the wrong way.
So he did this study.
And the study was not US.
It was multi-country.
It was the Harvard study that was done by this Harvard professor and one of his students.
And Chris is doing this video on this study.
He's saying, the line's going the wrong way.
This thing, the line is going the wrong way.
Yeah.
The more you vaccinate, the higher your mortality.
I mean, it's so stunning that we have all this evidence in plain sight.
And there's not a single health authority in the United States other than Joe Lattopo
who's calling these guys out.
And then he's being questioned by the press.
And the press is asking him, so Joe, why are you the only one who claims to think that these vaccines are not safe?
And he's always so super calm.
And he says, well, we're the only ones who looked at the data.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
Steve, if I can echo that.
I won't want to be flipping and say math is hard, but even beyond that, like, you know, since I started working with Ed in January, I spent like half, I spent like half my time doing this stuff.
It's hard work.
There's no way any of our public health people are actually doing the work that's necessary to pull together any of this data.
Like they're just not doing it.
It's not designed to do it.
And like, you know, they, they don't, they don't feel like they need it for their decisions.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
So, so let me ask you this, Josh, even though there's, has anyone, you know, debated you or wanting to debate you or challenge you to debate or, you know, vice versa, anybody agree to take your challenge?
Have you debated anyone?
No.

[SPEAKER_01]
No.
I didn't have to ask that question.
You know, working with that and behind the scenes.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, I could tell you that if there was a debate with you or Ed or anybody else, my phone would be like ringing off the hook.
Like, hey, you got to watch this thing.
Like, nobody wants to debate us on this.
But the other question is, have you found a health authority in America?
that has anywhere near the data or is looking at this data themselves.
Because what I have found is that all of these people basically say, well, I trust the CDC.
And oh, you shouldn't be debating me.
You should be debating the guys upstairs, the CDC, because I'm just a health authority.
And I do what I'm told by the CDC.
And I put my trust in the CDC, and none of these guys are independent critical thinkers.
There is one guy.
There's one guy in Nevada who's a critical thinker.
He's the only health
public health official in the United States of America, other than Joe Lattopo.
Let me just give him a blanket on his name right now, but let me see if I can find it here.

[SPEAKER_01]
I think Steve, when DeSantis' Public Health Integrity Commission gets going,
and then like a bunch of other states either join it or copy it, that's when you're gonna start to see critical thinking skills.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
So by the way, this is Troy Ross.
He's the public health official and he's in Lander County, Nevada.
So I gotta give this guy credit.
He's the only guy that I have ever talked to.
And I said, so Troy, will you debate me?
And he said, there's nothing to debate you about because I agree with everything that you're saying.
So, you know, like the only guy who
has critical thinking skills.
There's no point in debating him because we agree on everything.
But it's stunning that these guys just turn the crank.
They just do what the authorities tell them.
And these mandates are just completely unbelievable.
You're being mandated to take a drug.
All drugs have a risk of death.
So you're asking me to sacrifice my life
for no statistical analysis showing that there's even a societal benefit.
Plus, let me see if you agree with this statement, that it is unethical to require someone in society to risk their life for a societal benefit.
Because let's say they could say, hey, Steve, if we kill you, you could save 100 people from dying.
We'll kill you.
We'll definitely kill you.
But
You should know that you're gonna save 100 lives.
But it's one thing to ask me to volunteer to end my life to save 100 people I don't know.
But it's quite the other thing to tell people you have to risk your life.
You have to take the gamble.
You have to play the Russian roulette game.
That is not, I thought I had constitutional right to life.
But apparently that's just, is it like in the preamble that we the people, we believe in right?
Like you don't have a constitutional right to life, do you?
You guys know?
I mean, I'm asking the wrong people, but.
Maybe somebody in the comments here, remember?
It's a declaration of independence, right?
It's not a right.
I don't have a right to life.
I should.
In any rational society, do you believe that ethical society, that I should have a right to life, that I should be able to refuse any intervention that might kill me?
Agree?
Agree.

[SPEAKER_05]
And you know, what's even more perverse is think about the initial propaganda to sell this.
They wanted children and young adults to take the thing to protect the elderly who are already retired and their lifespan is a lot shorter.
When have we ever sacrificed young for the old?
It's usually throughout history, we protect the women and children, not the other way around.
This is the most insane logic I've ever heard.
And of course, we all have the right to our own bodily sovereignty, but the logic they used wasn't even sound.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
And I never saw the math.
I never saw the math that, Hey, you know, your risk is this, but the reward is this.
Like there's no, there's no document anywhere, right?

[SPEAKER_01]
They, they just, they didn't test that.
They, they, they didn't test that and they knew that no one would read the reports and they knew that no one was going to hold them accountable in the government to actually doing what is typically expected in a standard clinical test with a certain degree of like opposition from the FDA.
And as, you know, when you let the Fox run that, you know, hen house, here you are.

[SPEAKER_04]
There you are.

[SPEAKER_05]
Hey, Steve, you know, you probably remember when through a FOIA request, we found out in I think the fall of 21 that Pfizer failed their all cause mortality endpoint, which used to be the golden rule.
And at the FDA, the product kills more people than it benefits.
You don't approve the product, but that was buried and never
really made known during the initial rollout of this thing.
I mean, that alone should have stopped this thing.
That's just that endpoint.

[SPEAKER_04]
Are you talking about like the six-month Pfizer study that was published?
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_05]
It came out, and they added a couple more deaths.
They first said, basically, they passed it.
There was one death more, but they added a couple more, and next thing you know, they failed the endpoint decisively.

[SPEAKER_04]
Didn't matter, did it?

[SPEAKER_05]
No, did not.
I will tell you this, Steve.
When that endpoint came out, I have a lot of friends in the biotech industry that are CEOs and CFOs.
When they found that out, they were horrified and they stopped taking the product.
They felt like they were defrauded.

[SPEAKER_04]
They were.
They were defrauded.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
Louisa is appearing on screen, which means questions from the audience or has Senator Johnson doing?

[SPEAKER_02]
Unfortunately, we found out his screen lands at looks like 9pm Eastern.
So we're going to make it.
Um, and he was, uh, you know, he thought that it was going to go over.
He was excited because, well, not excited.
He was excited that he was going to be able to be on the show because, um, this was the one Thursday he wasn't planning on traveling, but I think they let out sooner than he anticipated.
So of course it's Christmas.
We understand he wants to be home.
Um, but we will probably prerecorded the future so that we can get him on for sure.
Um, yeah, I do have questions and Steve, by the way, your video is so slow.
If you wanted to log off while we do a question, your,
it doesn't match up with your speaking.
If you wanted to log off and log back on, I can ask a question.
You're welcome to stay on.
It's just super choppy for us.
Just wanted to let you know.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, I mean, my Tahoe home and the internet here is not as good.
Let me do some checks.

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay, thanks.
All right, so this one is from Tom.
Is there data showing that increased death rates are not from the Delta variant?
Very specific variants.
Do you have variant data, either of you?

[SPEAKER_05]
No, the Delta variant's long gone and excess mortality continues to creep across the board globally.
The Omicron variant is known to be well less virulent than the Delta.
It's mostly common cold.
So the Delta's long gone.
And mysteriously, as this becomes endemic to the population, death rates continue to go up.
So the Delta is long gone.

[SPEAKER_02]
I understand.
What blood, there's a couple of questions about the blood test mentioned.
This one's from Donna.
What blood tests would be predictive?
And a question from Amy, what blood test was the speaker referencing when he said a simple blood test could detect this?
What type?

[SPEAKER_01]
Oh, so I'm, I'm, I mean, I'm not a doctor, but I've looked into this and like, you know, if you wanted to buy the whole panel of stuff that they were supposed to do during the testing for the, for the drugs to be able to give like some doctor.
like Dr. Corey or somebody on his telemedicine, you could spend like $300 and get like half a dozen things from basically like a DIY lab.
There's a couple of DIY online lab companies where you don't have to use insurance.
It's not super expensive.
You do need to have somebody like one of the doctors in the community help you out.
analyze it, but like to specifically, people talk about the D-dimer test relating to blood clotting and the troponin test and maybe CRPs relating to like heart injury.
And so, you know, if anybody, so I mean, again, I'm not really the advisor on this, but like conceptually, if you're trying to screen someone you care about, like it's very easy to get a bunch of data and then you just have to plug into the network of the kind of doctors who are involved here to have them look at it
or figure it out from online, like what's elevated.
And then, you know, if you've got a bunch of elevated blood related tests, we got to go to a cardiologist and then, and you got to be really careful about working out.
Like don't stop going to the gym.
Yeah.
Sorry to joke, but like that's basically what it boils down to.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yes.
I understand.
Um, okay.
So this one is a investment question for Ed down from Richard.
Would it be profitable to start a fund investing in life insurance for hardcore convenience?
People who have had every booster wear a mask in car alone.
with the fund as 80% beneficiary and it airs 20%.

[SPEAKER_05]
That sounds like a kind of a joke.
Let me say this.
Josh and I can talk odd, nauseating about the insurance industry, but what is clear to me is they clearly mispriced their product in the second half of 21 and 22.
Their expectations on the first
quarter conference called second quarter was that excess death would normalize.
That hasn't happened.
Josh, you probably can talk a little bit about Lincoln Financial as being like the bare Stearns of the industry and what's to come.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
So Lincoln Financial, you know, I've got nothing against them.
Some friends of mine work at the company, a large New York Stock Exchange listed, you know, insurance company.
They announced their third quarter results.
Their stock went down 30% because they had to update their assumptions relating to reserving, relating to a certain type of life insurance, longer term life insurance, not the group life stuff.
And as a result of that, they were downgraded from A plus to A, which is only a little bit, but that's a big thing to get downgraded.
And they actually had to raise a very expensive set of extraditional capital to satisfy their state insurance regulators and grading agencies.
without making it personal about Lincoln, because I think they're all just swimming in the same sea here is the question of when it shows up for all these guys.
You know, Ed's point is very apt.
This is a lot, in my view, as a financial analyst and a guy who's been around the block a couple of times here watching financial crises and things.
This is like when Bear Stearns hedge fund blows up in the summer of 2007, and then everybody's kind of like,
Well, that was weird.
We're kind of worried.
We don't fully understand what's happening.
And then things get worse.
And then, and then Jake Morgan buys Bear Stearns for like $2 and like, or, you know, $2 and like the beginning of 2008.
And then everybody's like, ah, it's okay.
It's okay now.
And then like, you know, some guys go out and start making noise about Lehman brothers.
And then all of a sudden all the world falls apart.
And you know, if it's anything like that in insurance, it would be a little, it would be like that, but slower because
They don't have the same daily mark-to-market stuff and it isn't quite as much liquidity issues as in banks.
But fundamentally what you're seeing is the cracks in foundation for all this stuff because unless it gets better, like this is really simple.
Unless the mortality detriment that we're seeing from whatever cause it is gets better because it naturally exhausts itself or we treat it, well, this is really bad.
It's just gonna be more and more bad stuff.
And so, and it's just the question of how that plays out over time.
know, to hear the question of profiting from it, you know, we're not, we're, we're not using on that.
But yeah, like, you know, people used to buy policies from like people who had AIDS in like the 1980s, because you could make money.
So you're gonna find people do stuff.
Sure, it's, it's, you know, families got to make, you know, do what they can.

[SPEAKER_02]
Right.
So back to the question, I know you said that, that
Life insurance there's a lot of money into it, so it takes time for them to bleed out like like I keep thinking why wouldn't.
Why wouldn't a life insurance executive want to come forward because aren't they going to be out of pocket by the time they pay all of these.
you know, all of these deaths off, right?
But you're saying it plays, there's so much money in it and it plays that over time.
And so yes, it'll go up, but it's not going to bankrupt them because there's a lot of money in it.
To me, it seems like a financial disaster, like right away.
And you would think they would want to speak out about that, even if it goes against the narrative.
But I'm just confused by that.

[SPEAKER_01]
You know, I think this phone call, and if you added Senator Johnson, who I still consider a business person who happens to be a Senator, I think this phone call would include the
entire universe of business people in America who care about helping save lives from the COVID vaccine.
And I'm not saying there are people who care, but they just aren't doing it.
And it isn't happening in insurance.
It isn't happening in other industries.
If this continues to be a problem, it's a problem across nearly every industry in different ways.
So it's a little bit like, I think people are just frozen.
I don't think it's, you know, they're not bad people, but I think people, you know, this is a role no one was looking for.
People don't know how to do it yet.
And everybody always drags their feet on doing stuff that's unpleasant and just difficult.

[SPEAKER_05]
Let me pipe in here for a second.
There's also, this is the greatest asymmetric information gap of my lifetime.
And as much as we're all in the echo chamber and see it for what it is, there's still,
believe it or not, executives and insurance companies continuing to get their boosters who are blind to this.
And there just seems to be a lack of awareness and a disbelief that anything like this could ever happen.
And so it really is the strangest thing I've ever seen in my financial career.
I've seen many mass formation psychoses, the dot-com bubble, the real estate housing bubble, and now the vaccine bubble.
And we need it to burst, and unfortunately,
It's not bursting as fast as we would like, given what we all know and clearly see.
It's just hard for these people to make this decision that they may have injured themselves and mandated that their employees injured themselves as well.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
Makes sense.

[SPEAKER_04]
100% agree.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yes.
That meeting you had where a lot of the doctors were present and they met once or twice and then realized no one was really going to back this up and come to the table
and proclaim this true, and it was just going to like go away.
Since then, and that's been, I don't know, six months, eight months, I can't.
Yeah, since then, I mean, you would have already said it if it were true for someone else to kind of come forward but like,
Or have there been any phone calls from those conversations?
Anyone from that company or anyone?
And I'm sure these are things that you might not be able to talk about, depending on how confidential certain people called and said, hey, look, I can't say anything and I can't do this and I can't go on the record or whatever their deal was.
Have you had those kind of people?

[SPEAKER_01]
I have.
And what you get is me today.
I'm hoping we can turn the corner soon.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
But, but, but, but has that shifted though?

[SPEAKER_01]
Like a year ago, you know, I think it's, I think it's, I think it's shifting now.
I think you got the state attorney general in Florida and you got this, you got the state of Florida is making a policy decision that presumably for both political, legal and moral reasons, it's going to just, they're going to double down every, you know, over the next couple of years to like push this.
That's a big deal in terms of like moving people off.
And you also have like the whole narrative of
Well, it's getting better.
I mean, it gets better.
That needs to play itself out.
And I think people have been hoping it would get better.
It hasn't been getting better.
Well, it depends on how you measure these things, right?
But ultimately, the current mortality we're seeing, you know, this would be like a one in 100 kind of event right now.
It's just that it's only not as bad as COVID was, because that was so bad, because we've heard so many people with benign early treatment and using ventilators.
You know, right?
But the current mortality crisis is terrible.
But since the media isn't talking about it, you know, there isn't this drum beat of like, we need to do something.
And so people are waiting for their numbers to come in every quarter and they're kind of like, hmm, what do we do?

[SPEAKER_03]
Hmm, what do we do?

[SPEAKER_01]
And you know, it's a very long-term industry.
So it could take a while for them to decide they need to.
We're trying to help working with other people behind the scenes.

[SPEAKER_05]
Hey, Josh, what do you peg excess death
rate currently for the whole population of the US.
Does the number 15% come to mind for you?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, I mean, so can I answer that in a two-part thing?
I think if you look at the actual numbers the CDC is putting out, maybe it's 10%.
I think if you adjust them a little bit to say, well, let me just not look at what they call excess mortality.
Let's look at maybe 2019 as a baseline, like last time before we had COVID.
How does this compare to that?
That's more like maybe 15%.
But then I'll do you one more.
I really think it's about 20% on like a run rate basis, a go forward basis.
And the reason for it is because our numbers from the CDC are so distorted because we killed so many people in 2020 and 2021, you know, in investing, especially in like stuff, retailers,
If you have a sale, you pull forward all your inventory and you see pull forward all your sales from one year to the prior, from the next year to the past year, that's what's happened with deaths.
A lot of the people that were gonna die this year didn't die this year, they died two years ago or they died last year.
And so the CDC, since they're not publishing new estimates of like what the deaths should be, they're basically allowing us to think that death rate isn't as bad as it really is because they're benefiting from like this sort of benchmark, it's way too high.
when you really just sort of look at like, actually, we're younger, we're healthier.
There's fewer old people.
I guess that's redundant.
But if you recalculated that, that's where I kind of get to like that 20-ish percent.
And if you look globally, you know, you can see that 20% in other countries.

[SPEAKER_05]
You know, Josh, a couple of weeks ago, the Society of Actuaries updated their table 5.7, included Q1 and Q2.
And in the millennial age group, it's running around 23% excess mortality, which is higher than the two numbers you just referenced, which is very curious and odd, number one.
Number two, I'm told, and we'll see what the numbers are, that it looks like it might reaccelerate for that age group according to the society of actuarially group life holders to 30, 35%.
So that's a reacceleration.
You know, on Wall Street, you buy that trend.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
I mean, group life policyholders are almost certainly more vaccinated than
than the average US population.
Yes.
So it's not surprising.
Yes.
I'm sorry.
It's such a terrible thing to talk about, unfortunately.

[SPEAKER_02]
No, it is.
If our team can put the humanity projects link in the chat, this is Ed's team.
And Ed, who put together this website that you can look up the, if for some reason you guys don't have it, I think you do.
David and Jana, if you guys can throw that in the chat.
It's a community project, and you can look up the data.
In each country, Ed, how does that work?

[SPEAKER_05]
So we got all of Europe.
That's Eurostat data.
We got the UK.
That's ONS data.
We got the US data, which we used UN data, which feeds from the CDC.
We've got Australia on there.
We have Germany.
We're going to drop Canada.
And all you have to do is you can play with the website yourself.
You can run it by yearly, quarterly, or weekly analysis.
You can, you can switch the age cohorts or you can put in total and it'll give you the general answer is there was a mixed ship from old to young across the board and excess mortality for the younger age groups tends to be higher and rising versus the older population.

[SPEAKER_02]
Thank you.
Great.
Yeah, I just put that in the chat for everybody.
Awesome.
OK, we've got a few more questions here.

[SPEAKER_05]
Hold on.
Someone asked in the chat, when I said drop Canada, that means drop the data onto the website.
So it doesn't mean we're going to not look at it.
It means we'll drop it into the website eventually.

[SPEAKER_02]
That's the next country, basically, that they're doing.

[SPEAKER_04]
I just tried that link that you just posted.
It says an error occurred on the server processing the URL.
This is in, basically, is it finance, spelled funny, financetechnologies.com?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
Yeah.
Finance technologies.com PHI.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_02]
It's for me.
Did it not work for you?

[SPEAKER_04]
It says an error occurred.
I don't know if I see it now.
Okay.
I reloaded.

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay.
Awesome.
Yeah.
And you can enter internally.

[SPEAKER_05]
Basically, it's a force multiplier.
We present the data without a lot of conclusions.
And it's to be used by anybody who wants to present this data to their school board, their employer, their health authorities.
It's meant to be the watchdog of the watchdog since we don't have any currently.
Awesome.

[SPEAKER_02]
You were mentioning to me earlier that your team is in Portugal.
How did you hook up with people in Portugal to help with this project?

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, I've had to have a lot of discernment because my social media and emails inundated.
And Carlos Alegria, who is a PhD physicist and a PhD in finance, worked on the equivalent of Wall Street in Europe.
He reached out to me to talk about the vaccine problem.
And so we started talking, started working together, and eventually we were forming a hedge fund that's neither here nor there.
But the point is, he wrote a beautiful email that spoke to me about
how we could tackle this problem.
And I was lucky enough to hook up with him and we spent many hours of Zoom calls before we went forward.
So he's a wonderful human being and his partner, Carlos, we're all partners now.
They're just wonderful people that, you know, they're data driven.
And they said to me, you know, Ed, we believe you're right, but we're gonna look at the data.
And if the data says you're wrong, will you admit you're wrong?
And I said, sure.
Well, after they did their work, they said, it's looking like you're even more right than you thought.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_02]
It's awesome.
Um, not awesome, but it's hard.
Yeah.
Um, uh, Livia, could you throw up a ed's book up on the screen?
Um, there was also a, a little video.
If you're trying to share on Twitter, I just sent it out, um, uh, that children's health defense had put together about a day ago.
They tweeted out.
Here's the book, Cause on Noon, The Epidemic of Sudden Deaths in 2021 and 2022.
It is on Amazon.
Tell us about how you, the collection of this book, how did it come together?
I see the forwards by R.K. Jr. and another afterward by Gavin De Becker.
How did this come together for you?

[SPEAKER_05]
So Gavin lives on Maui.
He became friends with Dr. Malone.
Dr. Malone introduced me to Gavin.
So I started speaking to Gavin and
I guess I wasn't in the room at the time, but Gavin RFK and Tony Lyons of Skyhurst Publishing wanted the book to be written.
So I was brought up to Gavin's place in August and pitched the idea of a book using sudden athletic deaths, which is kind of what I focused on early anecdotally to get me going on this.
And the book was written very quickly, but it's a short book, but the data speaks for itself.
It's not a data journal book.
is short and brief.
The book can be read in an hour or two.
But it also wants to highlight the human tragedy that's going on here.
And we have case after case of sudden athletic deaths, which never used to occur prior to 2021.
There was a study done in the Los Angeles study over 38 years.
There were 1,100 sudden athletic deaths globally.
Now we don't go a month without less than 50.
And we'd be lucky to have one with just 29.
So something has changed, and we use these stories to kind of make people aware that this is, first of all, is it true?
Yes, it's true.
And do the health authorities seem to care?
No, they don't.
And then through the data analysis that you've seen prior from Josh and I and Carlos and Yuri, it's a slam dunk case that something's going on with the employed population of the US and globally.
You know, we my thesis is it's the it's the vaccines I challenge people to source.
We have QR codes that link to all of our sources.
And anybody who has a different alternative thesis as to what's causing young to die in great numbers and be disabled.
I'd love to hear.
But so far, no one's come forward and our health authorities are silent on this.
this silent tragic epidemic.

[SPEAKER_04]
So Ed has that, by the way, is my audio video okay now?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, that's better.

[SPEAKER_04]
Okay.
I did nothing.
I think it's my provider is Suddenlink in Lake Tahoe area and it appears that there's packet loss and I can't control that unfortunately.
So the sudden deaths in the athletes, have you stratified that by age and noticed that, wow, as soon as these vaccines became available for 16 and younger, we started seeing sudden deaths on 16 and younger.
I mean, so could you make that association between the time that the vaccine was rolled out for that age group and that age group then developing as in sort of cause and effect?

[SPEAKER_05]
We haven't gone into that data.
What we did do is the Lausanne study was for 35 and under.
We picked 45 and under, but mostly young athletes.
And we haven't gone into that data yet, but there's clearly a new phenomenon that is off the charts.
And most of these stories that you'll see, and we highlight some with pictures and QR codes in the front of the book, but there's a compendium of about 550 of these stories.
And that's not the complete list.
We just had to cut it off at some point.
But these are local news stories.
You can link to them, but they've never made the national news.

[SPEAKER_04]
And what's the X factor in terms of the increase death rate?
Because there's always been sudden deaths on the athletic field in the past.
At least that's what the fact checkers say.
What is the increase?

[SPEAKER_05]
Is the increase like 100x?
If it's 29 per year, we have just 550 in the book.
There's your number.
We have about 550 over an 18 month period and there's 29 average per year globally.
So we just use our 550 number.

[SPEAKER_04]
Sorry, 550 over what, 18 months?
Over 18 months.
Okay, yeah, that's a little bit higher.
I'll have to... Yeah, so there's no other possible explanation.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, apparently it's a new phenomenon, Steve, called SADS, Sudden Adult Death Syndrome, and climate change.

[SPEAKER_04]
Oh, climate change.
Yeah, there you go.
Yeah, it suddenly accelerated.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, and apparently SADS, when you think about what SADS is, it's word smithing.
It's not a thing.
It's a term used to describe an event.
It's not a medical diagnosis.
It's just a thing.
What happens to these athletes is their hearts stop and they many times are dead before they hit the ground.
These deaths we curated very carefully to make sure they happened on the field or on the way to the hospital.
They never made it to the hospital.

[SPEAKER_04]
I'm getting a factor of 12, by the way.
When I do the math, I took a 550 divided by 1.5, which is 366.
366 divided by 29 is 12.6, so it's essentially a tenfold increase in the death rate.
Is that right?
A tenfold increase in death rate.
That's pretty stunning.
I mean, like, yeah.

[SPEAKER_05]
And see, that's not just what's in our book.
We didn't have all of them.
So it's high.

[SPEAKER_04]
Right.
Yeah.
I mean, yeah.
But the 29 is a known death rate.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
That's a very well-researched study, de Lausanne's study.
over spanning 38 years, documented 1,100 sudden athletic deaths under age 35 on the field.

[SPEAKER_04]
And do any of those deaths get an autopsy, Ed?

[SPEAKER_05]
Not to my knowledge.

[SPEAKER_04]
I mean, I would say not, because I know Ryan Cole, and Ryan Cole's the only one doing the autopsies to check for the actual involvement of the vaccine.
And he hasn't done, he's not done any of these cases.
Like nobody wants to know it, which is really stunning to me, that when your child dies, that you don't want to know what killed them.
I mean, I can't comprehend that.

[SPEAKER_01]
Steve, I think I used my, uh, my chart allocation before, but if, if we don't have a hard stop, I got relevant to, um, you're, you're in friendly company.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
You know, if this is this better than your times, it'd be like, no, no, you don't really have, you know, we don't want to see it.
It's negative.
We don't want to see it.

[SPEAKER_01]
Right.
Yeah.
So this is, um, it's not, it's not as it's, it's probably not quite as shocking as the athlete debt data, but it's more, a little different.
Uh, this is basically.
These are a bunch of statistical charts for people under the age of 45, where we're logging the frequency of the time.
This is using cause of death data from the CDC from people who have died under the age of 45.
What the chart shows is how often this specific code has been recognized over time.
among these deaths.
And you look at this to try to find signals and patterns in what is driving the excess deaths is basically what is driving the underlying causes of the excess deaths through the signals in the causes of death that are logged by the medical examiner.
And from doing this, obviously there's like hundreds and hundreds of these things, but these were some of the ones we thought were interesting.
You know, you can see that as the vaccine mandates rolled, or not the mandates, but the vaccines came out, huge increase of people who died with like shoulder injuries, you know, which is what they coded it when there was like some weird thing that happened and you know, there's a growth or whatever.
But then like more interestingly, like as it's more systemic, you know, the stuff relating to pleura, which I'm not a doctor, but I best understand is relating to like fluids in the lungs and you know, similar types of problems that we've seen.
Third one, newborn deaths.
This is, you know, perinatal babies that die at some point in the early period after they're born.
You know, if you look at the one in the middle, that's 159% increase from pre-COVID.
You know, that's shocking.
I mean, you talk to doctors all the time that anecdotally talk about these things, but this is a data set from the CDC that shows it, you know, with their numbers.
Obviously, immune system, other respiratory issues, you know, the kidney, the urinary, circulatory, you know,
I mean, in some ways, it just boils down to like everything, not everything, but like multi-system problems with some degree of like blood linkage, typically.
And, you know, as well as the special of the immune, as well as the special of the newborn.
This is the under the age of 45.
And so these people are really healthy.
So you can really see the clear signals.
And I was sharing this with a journalist earlier today, who gave me like an hour to like talk through the stuff.
And he said,
Oh, you mean this is just like the list of like vaccine injuries people talk about.
And I'm like, yes, this is what we're trying to prove is that that's true.
And this is unfortunately the data I've chosen.

[SPEAKER_04]
What was the result of that interview?

[SPEAKER_01]
It's the publisher of an insurance journal who's working on trying to break the story of our work.
But, you know, I, this is the second time I'm down the road with like a really important insurance thing.
The first time we got through the executive editor, it was going to go to print.
an op-ed I wrote like four months ago explaining all of this uh and the publisher pulled it and because they're scared you know it's just you know we'll see we'll see where they land eventually but yeah they're not going to be first that's for sure

[SPEAKER_04]
You know, on a call earlier, right before this call, I'm on with some folks who are looking at starting a sort of new medical journal where we can fix the corruption because it's impossible to go and fix the existing system.
But they have a pretty innovative approach.
I won't go into all the details.
But it's like, there are people on the call were pretty excited like if, if this thing gets off the ground, it will change everything.
So once we can have actual truth and honesty in our medical publications.
and less errors and less, you know, Johnny said, you know, published a paper about, you know, the percentage of papers that are bogus.
I didn't believe that at first, but now I believe it more and more.
In fact, he may be underestimating it.
So I think this would be a great contribution.
So I'm
I'm really heartened that stuff like that is going on, that people are talking about ways to fix this so that that paper that you try to get published, that article, wouldn't suffer from the same fate.
Super important.

[SPEAKER_01]
You asked a question earlier, which was, are we able to convince anybody?
And I don't know.
I think ultimately the facts will convince people, but it's through their personal lives.
But I think the reality is we need to build a whole new set of institutions.
because it's just too far to expect the changes.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, it's so sad too.

[SPEAKER_02]
Sure.
I was going to ask you one last question.
What's next as far as your data, your collaborations?
What do you see as next on your horizon new year?

[SPEAKER_05]
Ed?
Josh continues his fight with insurance companies.
He's uncovering groundbreaking stuff.
My team in Portugal and I are looking at correlations right now and we're dissecting the disability data even a little further.
So expect something hopefully before the end of this year, probably but more likely in January, more updates to our webpage that just kind of
kind of prove the point even more granularly with more evidence.
It's just more of the same.
I think at this point, we have enough evidence.
The key is to get the message out and to convince people that there's something going on and they need to stop getting boosted.
And if we can get enough minds changed, the game changes.
But I view this as a long grind.
I don't think there's gonna be a hero moment.
I just think it's a battle to change hearts and minds, unfortunately.

[SPEAKER_01]
Josh?
Yeah, we're going to see you guys on the trail.
You're going to see more of us soon.
But very clearly, our group is trying to help win the hearts and minds of the insurance industry in a collaborative way, insurance collaboration to save lives.
So even though maybe on a call like this, I'm a little bit less guarded.
But ultimately, what we're trying to do is do the professional level of work to paint the short story
that they would expect if they hired McKinsey or the Milliman Actuarial Firm, or when I used to work at Sanford Bernstein and I write up these thousand page reports or whatever for institutional investors to make major capital decisions.
We're trying to give them that level of information to say, we're people you trust.
We care about your future.
We care about your customer's future.
Let's work together to make this better.
We've had a low profile because we're trying to walk that fine line of like helping push it forward without losing credibility.
And so, you know, every day we're not sure exactly how to stay on that line, but we're going to try to do, we're going to do more and more because the world is changing.
And to be honest, you know, after a year of pulling this stuff together, we now have the deck.
So once you get the deck on Wall Street, you got to go visit all your clients.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, I always thought when I had the deck, it would be over, right?
Because the decks were so, it just starts.
The conversation starts.
Yeah, I mean, I've gone on my sub stack.
I think I've gone into, oh, we have more evidence.
Oh, we have more evidence.
And now it's like,
We have so much evidence.
It has to shift to the convincing phase.
And I was in a conversation with one of the editors of a major technical journal last night, and he's going to sleep on it.
I have to see what his response is today.
But I proposed a debate on censorship, on scientific censorship, where Elon Musk and Jay Bhattacharya would be on one side of the debate.
And he actually was the one who suggested Jay Bhattacharya.
And the other side of the debate would be another high-tech executive that's running like Mark Zuckerberg or president of CEO of YouTube on the other side.
In other words, a high-tech company that is censoring this stuff and believes in censorship versus Elon Musk, I think a lot of people would watch that too, basically, because it's the high-tech people who have been censoring a lot of this stuff.
And it'd be really interesting
to see if anyone will go up against Elon Musk and Jay Bhattacharya.
What do you think?
Do you think people would accept that if it was moderated by one of the world's top medical journals?

[SPEAKER_05]
I think it would be great, but I doubt you get the other side to show up.
That's my guess.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
Yeah.
Zuckerberg, in fact, was asked to do something similar and he declined the opportunity.

[SPEAKER_01]
Oh, of course.

[SPEAKER_04]
What do you know?
What do you know?

[SPEAKER_01]
It's more fun to censor on your own platform than to be on somebody else's and have to answer.

[SPEAKER_02]
Thank you both so much for being here tonight and answering all these questions.
So fascinating.
Your information's amazing.
Look forward to getting your book, Ed, and checking that out.
You guys can see this book again in the chat.
And Josh, thank you so much for being here too, both of you.
And thanks for your time tonight.

[SPEAKER_01]
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you, Louisa.
Thank you.
Thanks.
