[SPEAKER_00]
Tonight on VSRF Live, former Pfizer Vice President Mike Yeaton sits down with Steve Kirsch for a wide ranging discussion on Big Pharma, the COVID-19 vaccine, and the corporate state censorship regime.
And now here's your host, Lisa Leahy.

[SPEAKER_01]
Thank you for joining us here on Rumble.
Steve Kirsch is away this week, as Livio just said, but we will show you an in-depth and really compelling interview pre-recorded with Steve and Dr. Michael Yeeden.
He's a former Pfizer executive and chief scientist.
And first up, we will be joined live by a special guest, Dr. James Thorpe.
He is a highly distinguished OB-GYN and the chief of maternal and prenatal health for the wellness company.
So now I'd like to introduce nurse Angela on our VSRF team.
Many of you know her, maybe everybody.
She was a highly experienced nurse, registered nurse, and then took the COVID vaccine in early 2021, determined to do her part.
Hi, Angela.

[SPEAKER_02]
Hi, good to see you.

[SPEAKER_01]
Hi, I just want to finish.
You suffered an immediate injury, right?
There was what, 15 minutes after your shot when you were- Yeah, the 12 minute mark is when I was down.
12 minutes and then spent how long a year getting well?
The first six months were the roughest.

[SPEAKER_02]
Um, but I would say to, to fully recovered, it was about a year.
So I'm so grateful.
So lucky to be doing what I'm doing and being here with this team fighting these mandates.
Cause they're coming back, Lisa.

[SPEAKER_01]
Right.

[SPEAKER_02]
We're seeing them already here in California, especially like the hospitals right around the corner from me.
Mass mandates are back.
We're seeing schools.
Um, so our work, it's so scary.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
So this morning I read an article where Biden, um, promised that he's going to urge every single person in America to take the new COVID vaccine booster.
And he is investing $5 billion of the taxpayer money to purchase those shots.
Uh, it's stunning.
I mean, so once those, once they're purchased, there's so much incentive to try and make people take them.
Right.
So it's really scary.

[SPEAKER_02]
We just have to stand our ground.
And I think that's why our work is more important now than ever.
You know, they, they did this to us once before and they need to know they can't get away with it again.
I know it is DTM t-shirts.

[SPEAKER_01]
I love it.
So I just want to plug us, you know, we are a 501c3 nonprofit.
We rely solely on community support.
And I also want to thank our viewers because last week there was really a wonderful response when all these mandates were coming back and there was so much talk of masks and a couple of schools closed in Texas and Kentucky, for example, our viewers really stepped up and we need to just keep it going.
And like you just said, another way to support us is by buying the merch and we have some really cool new merch.

[SPEAKER_02]
So I actually placed an order.
My favorite one, there's one that says the fear is back on the front.
And then on the back it says, do not comply.
I love that one.

[SPEAKER_01]
Love it.
And then the other one is like you're wearing, it's DTM in the center.
And then there's a thick outer circle where it says, I will never comply across the top and I will never comply across the bottom.
Very cool.
I will say, I found them hard to find on our website.
So you go on the back safety website and you hit the shop button at the top.
And then it's hard to find them just by scrolling.
So if you put fear in the search bar, you can find that fear is back one.
And if you put I will never comply in the search bar, that will bring you right to that one.
So yeah, go to our website and buy and buy our merch.
I'm buying it probably tonight or tomorrow.
Um, well, thanks for coming on Angela.
Anything else?
No, good to see you.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, we'll get updates.
We have a big court case going on right now, um, that I can give updates on probably in the next month or so.
Um, but yeah, we're, we're fighting hard as much as we can.
And just by wearing these t-shirts out and about, like we need to let the government know that they work for us.
We don't want to, you know, we will not go through this again.
I will not.
I refuse to ever put my daughter in a mask.
It took me a year.
to get her to undo the psychological damage that was done to her by wearing a mask for a year and a half.

[SPEAKER_01]
I believe it.
It also gives other people permission to speak up, right?
Once people say, oh, wow, she's a reasonable person and she's saying that, guess what?
I don't like it either, right?
So it can be contagious in a way.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yes, absolutely.

[SPEAKER_01]
All right, well, thanks for joining us.
And I'll just tell our listeners or viewers another way to support our VSRF live broadcast is to become a sponsor of our show.
Like one of our avid listeners and VSRF supporter Steve Snyder.
Mr. Snyder's sponsorship gift is helping us to cover production, promotional and operating expenses.
Thank you, Steve, you're out there.
For more, if you wanna learn more about VSRF Live sponsorship opportunities, visit our website and hit the donate tab and send us an email.
And of course, we thank our show sponsor and friends at The Wellness Company.
They have a truly first rate team of medical doctors offering innovative products and extensive medical expertise via telemedicine, including treatment for long COVID and vaccine injury.
They're constantly working to develop their offerings to help all those in need.
So make sure to visit their website regularly.
And for just a short time more, we have a 10% discount code.
When you go to twc.health forward slash VSRF, use VSRF as the code to get 10% off and we'll put links in the chat.
And now I'd like to welcome special guest, Dr. Jim Thorpe.
Earlier this summer, he joined the wellness company as its chief of maternal and prenatal health.
He has a 40 plus year career as a highly distinguished obstetrician, gynecologist and maternal fetal medicine specialist.
He saw more than 27,000 patients with high risk pregnancies in the last four and a half years alone.
In addition to his exemplary
exemplary career in the clinic, Dr. Thorpe has been active in his career in clinical research with more than 224 publications, including 28 on COVID-19.
And of course, most importantly, he has been one of the heroic dissidents refusing to go along with these deadly COVID vaccines.
So welcome Dr. Thorpe, bring him on.
Daniel, do we have Dr. Thorpe?
Oh, we don't have Dr. Thorpe.
Oh, my goodness.
Well, then maybe we'll go ahead and keep going and bring him on at the end of the show if he can make it.
Who knows what happened if he encountered traffic or if he's not home or doesn't have internet.
We'll cross our fingers for Dr. Thorpe.
An important reminder next, don't forget to tune in right here on our Rumble channel, Saturday night at eight Eastern for Save Maui, a beautiful acoustic music fundraiser for the fire victims over there.
Our friends at the Global Health Project have put this together with an amazing lineup, including look, Eric Clapton, Five Times August, Faceless Town, Jimmy Levy,
Ty D. Seether and our good friend Joseph Arthur.
So most importantly with this event, 100% of the proceeds that they raise go directly to victims through trusted ground networks, no bureaucratic overhead involved.
The recommended donation will be $5, but of course we will donate what our spirit calls and bring some friends.
So we really make this a great turnout.
All right, so now for Steve's very compelling interview with Dr. Mike Yeeden.
He's a PhD.
He was formerly a chief scientist and vice president at Pfizer's Allergy and Respiratory Research Division, went on to form his own biotech company.
However, in the wake of COVID-19, Dr. Yeeden has emerged as one of the most prominent critics of the COVID-19, quote, vaccines, end quote, the mandates.
and the broader vaccine agenda propagated by big pharma.
He has of course been the object of their attacks, but he is a trusted and important voice in our movement.
So let's take a listen.

[SPEAKER_03]
Hey, Mike, it's good to talk to you again.
Steve, great to be with you here today.
So you probably have an interesting story to tell in terms of what you'd like people listening to this broadcast to know.
So what's what's kind of on the top of your mind?
Right.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
So yeah, people probably know that
I'm a lifetime professional research scientist, always wanted to do that since I was a kid.
Properly qualified, full career in Big Pharma and then I had 10 years independent in biotech, did very well.
So I was enjoying a bit of light consulting when we were told a pandemic had begun in 2020 and I think famously I realized very early on that people I
faintly knew of on the telly because I've been around so long that I know some of the people in public health, they were lying.
So I didn't say that first of all but I realised they were using things like PCR tests and I knew just about enough of those to know like with any test you have to do internal controls, there was no sign of any of that and so I smelt a rat
early on and that I probably became infamous on Twitter arguing the toss about PCR tests and no one cares.
And it's occurred to me later in the year that they were not only lying about these diagnostic tests but in my view about absolutely every other part of the narrative including masking, asymptomatic transmission, lockdowns, border closures, all that sort of stuff.
So later in the year I
I think I became the first person using the L word, they are lying.
Because if scientists give their opinion and grounds pumber on the telly with a tie and a title is saying something else, they'll never take, the public won't weigh those things.
So if you say they're lying and here's why, or here's how, you've got a chance.
And I'm afraid, yeah, I've noticed that the authorities have been lying continuously.
I don't believe there was a pandemic, but let's say there was something.
It was no more serious than flu.
Did we ever close the world down for flu?
No, we don't close the world down for flu.
So straight away, folks, whether you believe there has been a pandemic or there's not been a pandemic, some great and powerful people have closed the world down.
based on a public health hazard that is not abnormal and then they've persuaded, badgered, coerced and sometimes mandated you to roll your sleeve up
to take a completely novel concoction, so-called gene-based vaccines.
I don't think of them as vaccines.
And I knew because of my toxicology and drug discovery experience that these things, if they did anything at all, would be harmful and said so.
That's when my world fell in, in early December, 2020.
I'd been badgered a bit on Twitter by
presumably paid trolls and people had just disagreed with me.
But that's when the national broadcaster and several well-known journalists decided that they'd had enough of me and were going to tell me off.
So that's when I became the anti-vaxxer darling or whatever it is.
And basically, I've said to people, this is an important thing to say,
My radar, my job is to join dots.
That's what I've always done on my life.
And it's probably about the only thing I was unusually good at.
So I often see patterns in sparse data before other people do.
Danger of that is sometimes you see patterns that aren't there.
But if you're forming the patterns and you're doubling back on yourself, I tend to be ahead.
So my mind is usually several months ahead of my mouth.
So by summer of 2020, I was alluding in interviews to the possibility that if somebody wanted to poison a significant proportion of the population, they couldn't come up with a better way than lying about a pandemic and saying, here's a medicine.
I already knew by the end of March 2020 that the only thing that made sense to shut the world down
Therefore, with enormous financial consequences, when it was not necessary, that meant the owners of assets and capital must have signed the box for that, you must have signed that off.
Why would they do that?
And I came to the conclusion, and I think that was right, control was the reward.
Digital control, by the end of the year, I could see it's as simple as this, I think.
There may be more than this, but just from the biology,
I believe the perpetrators intend to require us to carry mandatory digital ID, hopefully in your hand rather than inside your forehead.
count on it being limited to a device in your hand.
And then cashless central bank digital currencies.
That's all that's required.
That is all that's required to remove every last wisp of your freedom.
Because if I'm running this and I say, I'm going to require digital ID, valid digital ID before you do anything, before you buy anything, before you obtain a service or cross any regulated threshold.
And if I define valid as up to date with the latest WHO recommended inverted commas vaccines, that's all I need to remove all of your freedom permanently.
And it's quite shocking when you realize it would take only two or three acts if we didn't react.
I'm not sure any of us are going to, enough of us will react.
For example, in Britain, the Bank I bank with, National Westminster, I've been with them for
40 something years and they just blithely announced last week that as from I think September they're going to reduce the amount of cash
a customer can obtain every day from the bank, regardless of their balance, to 250 pounds.
And I think, when did the bank last decide how much of my post-tax money I may obtain?
And so I went into the bank to remonstrate, and the staff said, oh, we didn't know anything about it.
But there it's on their website.
So they're about to do it.
There are no pitchforks and torches in the street.
this is how they get us.
Anyway, so I've made sure I've got plenty of cash and non-cash equivalents because at some point I think people's money will be stolen in some way through a banking crisis or whatever.
And so if you want to carry on using, be alive outside the system, then you'll need some means of
of exchange that's not dependent on whatever restrictions they put in place.
So I think that's where we're going.
Some other friends who are cleverer than me in military matters are concerned that a war could be precipitated or food shortages.
I have nothing to say yes or no on those things.
What do I know?
But in terms of the control agenda, I think what I've described is
perilously close.
And the clues are there, aren't they?
The WHO and the European Union announced last month that they were going to adopt, the EU would adopt this sort of travel pass, which will contain your health status.
So that's, I think, vaccine passport at some point, which is unnecessary, of course.
And then, like I just said, the bank is making it harder to obtain and to use cash.
So it's like it's converging on the spot I pointed to.
And I've already made my decision and I recommend to people that you don't need a digital ID.
I don't need a digital ID and your whole life has been lived in a law abiding successful way without digital ID for every, for, you know, the sort of zero trust society they're talking about.
So I've resolved not to sign up for it.
And if I'm told that's the end of your access to money, then so be it.
I believe this machine is one that will be used to kill a lot of people and I'm not going to step into the machine.
That's what I'm not going to do.
And I'll keep speaking because
So I was discussing with your assistant, a coward dies every day and a brave person dies only once.
So I may not be accurate in every deduction I make.
I would say to people, I don't have a copy of the script, but I'm sincere in what I'm saying.
It's complete nonsense, isn't it?
shutting the world down for a flu-like illness, even if it was, you know, a multiple of its lethality is mad, but they've done it everywhere.
And that means that's proof positive of supranational activity, right?
Straight away in March 2020, supranational activity, because how could 160 countries decide at once to do the same crazy, unprecedented, not in their pandemic preparedness plan,
restrictions and the answer is it was a degree to the level above and we know from there's loads of there were loads of tabletop simulations of this kind of event including you know famously event 201 in 2019 but these started in the late 90s and they've been tabletop simulations of pandemics and bioterrorism
I think there's like 15 of them run by Johns Hopkins, Bill and Melinda Gates, the US military and increasingly senior ministers in each of the Western countries and eventually including China.
So there's been a lot of rehearsal for this and I'm not convinced, I'll stick my neck out and say, I don't think severe respiratory illness pandemics are possible.
And that's because you're not infectious until you're loaded with whatever the pathogen is.
And when you are, you are symptomatic, that is ill and you withdraw from circulation.
And the worse it is, the more quickly and more categorically you withdraw and that terminates transmission.
the idea that there could be like flying Ebola.
Flying Ebola is not, I mean, you wouldn't want to catch it.
It'd probably kill you, assuming it's real.
But it's not going to spread very far because people who get Ebola, whatever it is, they get sick apparently, really ill, the same day that they contact the person with the symptoms.
And often they're dead the next day.
So you're not going to be breezing around Kmart
buying gasoline and going to a party.
So you're not going to be infecting very many people.
And that's the whole point.
There's a R0, R0 transmission number is great with things that leave you symptom free for a long time.
But you're not, I just don't believe in respiratory illnesses that people are symptomatic, sorry, are infectious unless they're symptomatic because they both pivot on a common
a factor which is a long fuller pathogen and in both situations to be a good source of infection you have to have a lot of it and you will have symptoms.
That's according to the narrative.
as you've heard I've, I wouldn't say I've had a conversion and I'm not sure of the sort of no virus arguments but I don't believe there's been a pandemic that set me apart from quite a few people but I'm a scientist and I'm following the data so the reason I say it, the reason I say it, it's just one reason, it's nothing to do with the no virus arguments, it's nothing to do with
whether it's been isolated or not, nothing at all.
It's wholly down to the epidemiological work of Dennis Rancourt and his colleagues who looked at all-cause mortality, asking only the date of a death, the sex and age of the person who died, and they collected data from each of the 50 states every week.
And I think they've done at least three years worth
And there was no pandemic, Steve.
There was no increase in all-cause mortality anywhere until WHO caused the pandemic.
And then, as we know, mad protocols were introduced in hospitals like mass ventilation.
I'm a respiratory guy.
I understand a bit about ventilation.
I can say, if you have an open airway, you haven't got asthma or
an object in your throat, if you can breathe in and out through your airway, and you haven't been stabbed or shot or crushed, so your chest wall is intact, you never, ever sedate, intubate and ventilate, unless it's for something like, you know, elective surgery.
You don't do it for flu.
So when tens or hundreds of thousands of people were subjected to this treatment, I knew that that was going to end badly.
And then these poor souls were also given intravenous remdesivir in the US, I believe, from a company called Gilead.
and the material is poisonous and that combination of a very stressful mechanical ventilation is life-saving when you're coming with a head injury and you're not breathing or you know or as I say elective surgery or perhaps your burns and you need to be sedated it's a lifesaver it's and the trade-offs of risks for your pulmonary health are definitely worth it but a person who comes in anxious short shorter breath and so on get them an
half a volume tablet and put your arm around them.
You definitely don't do what they did.
But that was mandated.
So I knew that was bizarre.
Then in care homes, assisted living, old people's homes, or whatever they're called, people were given my dazzle and morphine in Britain, for sure, which is two thirds of the lethal injection I've used in some US states.
My PhD was in
the effects of opiates on respiration.
So I knew that my dazzling morphine was, if you give that to unattended elderly, somewhat frail people, most of them will just stop breathing if you give enough of those.
And in fact, it's contraindicated except in high dependency settings.
So the fact that we're giving them to tens of thousands of elderly folk in care homes, that's mass murder, sorry.
And then the last one,
There was a long running controversy when I was in the industry about whether or not it was appropriate to give antibiotics to people who had a chesty cough after they'd had a cold or something.
We usually do it because on the precautionary principle, if you don't and they get pneumonia, they could die in a few days.
But people were saying, well, we've never done the controlled trial.
They have now because during 2020, on all sorts of
fraudulent grounds, doctors were instructed pretty much to withhold antibiotics from people who had a positive COVID test on the grounds that antibiotics don't kill viruses.
It's like, that's true, but people who've had one acute episode often follow it with bacterial pneumonia, that's well known.
And so they halved the number of prescriptions
for antibiotics, chest infections, and young people as well just died in their droves.
So tough way to get the experiment done, but those were the three main methods.
I call that iatrogenic murder.
I don't think a new pathogen killed anybody.
I could be wrong, but there's no evidence for it.
Well, no, that's not true.
There's lots of bits of evidence, most of which I think is fraudulent.
Molecular biology is the best biological science to cheat in because it nearly all involves computers, algorithms, assumptions.
You don't get a bit of tissue twitching or an animal breathing or not breathing.
You get a bunch of code.
And even when they do sequencing, it's not what you think it is.
It doesn't do what you think it does.
Next generation sequencing, for example, is just
It's a mad lottery that's decoded using software.
And I remember when I was in the industry speaking to experts, I said, this just strikes me as statistical, like this is like probabilistic pharmacology.
And they said, yeah, that's right.
So anyway, so the fact that there was not an increase in all-cause mortality when this virus was supposed to be sweeping across Western Europe
tells me, and also I'd say to you Steve that I think we would agree the authorities lied to us about masking, they lied to us about the severity of the public health emergency, they lied to us about the necessity of mass testing, they lied about asymptomatic transmission, they lied about the need for border closures, school closures, small business closures etc etc etc etc.
So the same people who have done all those lying, they're the people who have told us there's a novel virus.
And yet the all-cause mortality data says there was nothing unusual happening in the spring.
So I think it's a real stretch to go and find a virus.
And I think, again, I've said to people, I'm not going to fight people on our own side.
We've got enough bloody common Grease things running against us that let's not fall out over this stuff.
Or if you want to, I'll let you fall out on your own.
But that's where I've got to.
I've said before that I'm not clever enough to follow the so-called no virus.
arguments completely.
And also, I know people who work in virology.
I've explained this to them and they said, no, no, you don't understand, Mike.
And then they start talking in deep technical terms and they've said, I know that virus X and Y exists because I worked on it.
And I think, you know what, I'm not going to gainsay these people.
So that's where I get caught.
I look at the data for the pandemic.
I'm
is if no viruses really exist, I'm not clever enough to make the argument, and I don't make the argument.
But we've been lied to, definitely, and the perpetrators meant us harm initially, because as soon as the pandemic was called, they changed hospital,
care home and community treatments that predictably resulted in hundreds of thousands of innocent people losing their lives.
I think they were murdered, an ectogenic murder.
And then while that was going on, a bunch of people in my former industry, of which I'm now thoroughly ashamed, I was dropped by all my consulting clients in the summer of 2020.
And I didn't mind them doing that.
I didn't need their money.
And you know what, if any of them contacted me now, I would say, screw you, you know, don't work for a crooked industry.
So I feel embarrassed that I didn't realize it wasn't all crooked.
I assure you, there were some very good drugs.
I think it got crooked.
around the turn of the century and I can even remember, I think we were running out of drug targets Steve and management realized we couldn't produce the output required and some clever people came up with molecular biological ways to make and to identify and validate new targets quickly.
And it was like the human genome project, sequencing whole humans, and that's faster and faster.
And they said, if we can sequence whole organisms and do high throughput screening, high throughput, gain of function is something I've even done.
If you have a protein, you don't even know what it does.
You can do what's called an alanine scan.
So you change all the side chains one after another.
position one, two, three, four, five, you sequence, you change it for an alanine, which is normally a small non-polar thing.
And you see, does that change the function?
And often it does.
And anyway, so senior management persuaded the board that if we spent all these dollars on, I think Pfizer made a big 60 investment in sort of bioinformatics, screening, human genome and stuff,
I remember speaking to people at the time and I'm saying this process requires what I call a TAMO box feed.
You're moving from the left to the right, you've got information on the right is the pot of gold.
TAMO stands for then a miracle occurs.
It's like you couldn't logically follow all the steps and have any real chance of getting a drug and I only know of one drug that emerged out of that investment and damn it, it's
You know, I'm afraid HIV was made up.
by the various people including Fauci that have made this up but so that's like an end anyway.
So like just to be clear it hasn't been a pandemic I can't comment on whether or not someone's got something in a test tube and I'm not willing to make some statement about the entire category of pathogens I'm not clever enough so that's where I'll stop but
nasty people are coming at us.
The evidence for that was very clear very early and I say that I think the last conscious decision, the last decision that you have to make folks, that's not
It's not that after this, all the other things, the crooks don't require your consent.
So I think the last thing they need of you is to sign up for digital ID.
And it's appearing in certain US states when I was still living in Florida.
They said, it'd be very convenient.
You can combine your health records and your driver's license and whatever, your Starbucks loyalty card.
And before you know it, they'll have everything on that and you'll be required to show it to get gasoline to enter a store or at least to buy anything in a store and then ultimately to enter a mall.
It's so easy to see.
Don't sign up for it.
You don't need it.
They need you to have it.
If enough of us refuse and just say, oh, thanks very much for the convenience of it.
I'm going to stick where I am.
that will force them to become more aggressive, and that will wake more people up.
So I think the strategy of the perpetrators is never to do anything that will activate more than a small percentage of the population at any one time.
And it's been pretty successful.
So please don't sign up for digital ID.
If they say, oh, you won't be able to do certain things, and you think, well, I'll sign up so as to avoid those harms,
I'm telling you, if you sign up for it, the harms you're going to get are much worse.
Because then they can tell you, unless your digital ID that you've now voluntarily taken up is valid and up to date with your jobs,
then you'll still lose validity.
So you will have to do it anyway.
And I think that's one of the most likely methods that will be used to kill large numbers of people.
I know from my first two plus years of rational drug design experience, the structure of molecules are not random.
They are a consequence of intentions in the mind of the designer that are then
sort of rendered into a practical thing.
And so given that's what I did for a living for a long time, I was quite good at it.
I worked shoulder to shoulder with medicinal chemists and biotechnologists.
If you examine a kind of a medicinal entity written on paper or whatever, you have a way of looking into the mind of the designer, what we're trying to accomplish and
Those injections, folks, were definitely designed with the intention of causing injury, maiming, and killing.
There's no other purpose for them.
Even if I believe the narrative about respiratory viruses, an injected material designed to produce immunity couldn't possibly work because that's not how human immunity in the respiratory tract
does not depend on circulating antibodies, but mucosal secreted antibodies that these injections do not elicit and T cells that they, I'm not sure whether they elicit.
So they could never have worked.
It would not have been appropriate to take them.
They were definitely rushed.
They could not possibly have been manufactured in the time they said they were manufactured and have been reproducible batch to batch.
That's absolutely certain.
Not my opinion.
He spent almost 40 years in pharmaceutical production and we've spoken many times and he knew it was a fake.
So don't take digital ID, for goodness sake, don't allow yourself to be jabbed by anything that's got emergency, Fauci, Gates and WHO, even at one remove.
These people are not good.
They want to harm you and they've harmed many people.
And the reason I think they'll make another run at us is that the virus story is so compelling that I've said to people, I've mentioned to Steve that the epidemiological data is really oddly in contradiction to the narrative.
And I think if you go and read that,
You think, oh my god, there wasn't a pandemic, or at least not there and then where they said there was.
But the thing is, despite that analysis and despite me and a few others saying it, nobody cares.
They're all scared of the bug, scared of the lab-made bug out of Wuhan.
They could easily do it again tomorrow.
these gene-based injections, I mean, it's horrifying to realize several months ago that government after government said, we're so pleased with the performance of these new technology vaccines that we've agreed to work with Moderna, Pfizer, whatever it is, to build a manufacturing plant for mRNA vaccines in every country.
And it's like, oh my God, these things
can't be safe, they'd never be safe for a mass market, never ever, because they prompt your body to make things that are non-human.
And if your body is finely tuned, it plays nice with itself if things that are inside Mike Eden are Mike's proteins or inside Steve Kersh's proteins.
But if, for example, we claimed and expressed a bit of me and Steve or vice versa, our immune system would attack it.
transplant rejection.
And so if your body is induced to make a piece of non-human protein, wherever it comes from, from a virus if it exists or just from an invented sequence, your body will assume it's either infected or cancerous and it will unleash a lethal attack on every cell that's taken up and expressed that injection.
And so, you know,
that they cannot, these cannot be safe mass market products.
It doesn't matter what they tell you, it doesn't matter what clinical trials they do.
Retire.
So let me interrupt.

[SPEAKER_03]
So are you saying that all of the people on the CDC outside committee, for example, all those people are in on the plan?
They all know what the plan is?
They all agree with the plan?
Probably not.

[SPEAKER_04]
No, I'm probably not.
OK, so I think they know what they're doing.
I think they know what they're doing is wrong, and I don't know anything about what else they know.
And you know what?
I think a lot of people haven't even realized that.
So let me just, if I could just briefly, I'm so old, despite my boyish, youthful looks, that three of the four senior vice presidents or executive vice presidents that were responsible for these gene-based jab programs in J&J, AstraZeneca,
and Pfizer, I know them personally, they're either work colleagues, two of them that I worked with for between say five and 15 years, and another one was someone I met professionally and you know we stayed in touch for about a decade, so I know three of the four people, I contacted them in 2021 saying you know guys you know because they're all male,
And I just laid out some basic facts.
I always thought you were smart and good, a good person and smart, and I must be wrong in at least one of these determinations, these assessments.
Two of them blocked me on social media, and one of them, a few months later, resigned.
Matai Mammon resigned from J&J without comment.
Now, Steve, you understand deferred compensation at that level.
He must have walked away from at least 10 million in deferred compensation.
He didn't announce a new position at the time, although he's moved back into biotech.
No one leaves an SVP, EVP job like that with no comment.
They just thanked him for his service.
And I think I rattled him and he thought, oh my God, he didn't realize.

[SPEAKER_03]
When you say nobody leaves a VP job like that, when was the last time that happened?

[SPEAKER_04]
Hardly ever.
Hardly ever.
Put it this way, as you probably know, you get a decent salary, but your percentage of bonus, as it were, bonus could be 100% salary or sometimes more.

[SPEAKER_03]
And then they'll be, you know, OK, so he's never commented on why he left.
No, no, he didn't.
He didn't.
OK, so the people on the CDC outside committee who approve these vaccines for for people in America, just as a small example, they are not in on it.
And why did they approve the vaccines?

[SPEAKER_04]
So, I mean, obviously, I have no idea why they did what they did, but

[SPEAKER_03]
Of course, we don't know.

[SPEAKER_04]
Vaccines, Steve, have been a racket.
They've been a racket for decades, as your work recently has been.
Vaccines are a racket.
I wouldn't recommend anyone currently, certainly not in the current environment, to accept any vaccine, not against anything.
I'm not saying none of them are any good, but when you look, as you have done often...
Wait a minute.

[SPEAKER_03]
Do you know of a good vaccine?

[SPEAKER_04]
No, I don't.

[SPEAKER_03]
I don't.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_04]
So I'm saying I was just checking to no, no, I, I, again, I often say my mind is months ahead of my mouth.
I mean, I'm pretty bloody sure that they're all neutral to harmful and not useful.
And I will never subject myself voluntarily to another one.
But in terms of my recommendation, definitely don't take a
These gene-based jabs were dangerous by design.

[SPEAKER_03]
How dangerous do you think these gene-based jabs are?
Give me the kill rate.
If I give you a thousand doses and inject it into a standard population in the US, how many people will I kill?

[SPEAKER_04]
I'll answer the question as one in a thousand, but it will depend
on injecting a representative sample of the population.
Yes, I said a standardized population.
Yeah, yeah.
Okay, so if you have a representative sample injected, but it's harder than that as well, as you will be aware.
The lot-to-lot variability means... No, no, I'm saying on average.
Yeah, okay.
It's just
There aren't really any average ones.
It's like Russian roulette.
There's a chamber with a shell in it and a chamber without a shell in it.

[SPEAKER_03]
You can't compute an average for any set of criteria.

[SPEAKER_04]
I think it's about one in a thousand.

[SPEAKER_03]
And I say to people, so small.
And why do you say one in a thousand?
Because that tends to match my number that I've been saying for a couple of years now.
Where did you get your one in a thousand number from?

[SPEAKER_04]
I got it from
work, including yours, but there were, you know, three or four other people who were, uh, closing, I think, people like Sasha Latopova.

[SPEAKER_03]
Dennis Rancourt, for example.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
And Dennis, Dennis Rancourt.
Um, I must say, when I realized these things were potentially harmful and potentially harmful and actually harmful, unfortunately, they're different things because it's all in the dose.
If you take a small enough dose of pretty much anything,
it'll be harmless.
But if you take a large dose of things that we normally think of as benign, it could kill you.
And the famous example is, believe it or not, people were encouraged to drink whilst running marathons.
And you might think, obviously, Mike, you must drink when you're running marathons.
It's like, you actually don't need to drink very much when you're running.
I mean, I've run 15,000 miles at least.
And where do you think the water comes out of your skin?
It's metabolic water.
As you burn and substrate, you produce CO2 and water.
And your body's clever.
You can go through unbelievable prohibitions without drinking.
So I'm not recommending you run 26 miles without water.
But people who died in marathons, most of them had hyponatremia.
They diluted to hell the sodium in their blood and the heart cells.
So even water in the kind of conscious you can drink whilst running a marathon can kill So the one in a thousand thing at set some of the some of the lots I think were you know, ten times more lethal somewhere a hundred times less lethal So we can't we can't conclude anything We can't reliably predict anything about what will happen next time because it depends on
on what they want to do.
But just for the rule of thumb, there is one in a thousand so far, that's about a little over 10% of the normal population death rate.
What is striking about what's happening now is that the excess deaths are occurring in people who generally would be very unlikely to die.
Young women, for example, I was a doctor and they had a manager which was
Young women don't die once they sorted out obstetrics and gynaecological related problems pretty much.
Young men, of course, kill themselves with violence and automobiles, motorcycles.
young people generally don't keel over and die.
And unfortunately...

[SPEAKER_03]
It's the new normal now, Mike.
What do you think the increased rate is of young people keeling over and dying compared to 2019 or 2020?

[SPEAKER_04]
I've seen work from actuarial work from insurers that talk about, you know, 50% increase in
Death rate which it is shocking and it sounds shocking There's a but of course and it's if the death rate is very low and if only you know Two people would have died over the six months people the period if you had three deaths, that's 50% increase now Obviously, it's tragic and the person has been murdered But it's not necessarily two and three the numbers are quite a bit higher than I know I'm just just pointing out that these percentages can be
I just want to put them in context.
So it's a big number.
It's a big percentage.
It may not be a big number.
Whether or not it is, these people didn't deserve to be.
injured and killed.
And that's what's happened to them.
These things cannot be safe.

[SPEAKER_03]
So let me ask you this.
So Mike, on the vaccine, if you give somebody the vaccine, the vaccine itself will kill them.
The vaccine can kill them.
And the vaccine also can cause them to get COVID and then die from COVID.
What do you think the...

[SPEAKER_04]
I don't think COVID exists.
I don't think, I don't think COVID exists.

[SPEAKER_03]
Wait a second, wait a minute.
So you're saying, we won't get into viruses, but are you saying that the COVID virus doesn't exist?

[SPEAKER_04]
No, I don't know whether it exists or not.
I'm saying it's not circulating.

[SPEAKER_03]
It can exist in a lab if it wants or a computer if it wants.
It's not circulating, you mean it's never circulated?

[SPEAKER_04]
Obviously, I can't tell you what I don't know, but from the beginning of 2020, when we were told this pandemic is coming from Wuhan, according to the epidemiological all-cause mortality data in the US, state by state, Dennis Rancourt and colleagues show there was not an increase in all-cause mortality.
And in the absence of that, I think that tells us that there was not an additional
for public health threats that would kill elderly and frail people, which is what they told us, and that's a lie.
Basically, I think most of the deaths that occurred in 2020 were murders in hospitals, care homes, and the community, where medical procedures were changed by diktats, and people were paid money to follow the diktats.
You know this very well in America, it was overt and outrageous.
if you've had a COVID admittance or a COVID ventilation or a COVID remdesivir and a COVID death.
curve chain, you know, I think, right.

[SPEAKER_03]
So explain to me, like, um, um, my wife and I have the lateral flow, uh, essay, uh, uh, tests, you know, these are the standard COVID tests that most people have the, yeah, these are the quick tests where you swab your nose, you, you, you swirl it around, you drop two things and then the, uh, liquid then flows along a,
Uh, and then you see the lines.
Okay.
So it's known as the lateral lateral flow.
And so my wife got sick with, or she, what she thought was COVID and she took one of these tests and the test was positive.
Yeah, and I didn't think anything of it.
I ended up getting sick and I then use the test and the test showed that I was positive and after I got better and I was checking myself every week.
to see, okay, so what's going on?
And so the line is getting fainter and fainter and then it disappears.
It's perfectly consistent, isn't it?
Okay, so my question is, if I didn't get COVID,
What did I get that is being detected by that lateral flow assay test?
I suspect if I had multiple brands that they would also show the same thing.
Well, that may be true.
Tell me.
I don't know.
I didn't do that.
But tell me, tell me, tell me what the most likely scenario is.
Yes.
Where my wife got symptoms consistent with what is called what is known as COVID and then
Days later, I got the same symptoms, consistent with COVID, and I used the same test, and it showed the same thing.
So tell us, please, if this was not COVID, what was it and what is being detected by these tests?

[SPEAKER_04]
Like I said, what you just outlined is extremely consistent with the narrative.
There's a virus going around that you caught successfully,
which made you ill and you could see evidence of it with a test that you were told is at least you'd hope highly selected.

[SPEAKER_03]
I got that.
That's the official explanation.
I want to understand what you think was really going on.

[SPEAKER_04]
Large numbers of people also, including me, got ill and had negative test results.
Loads of other people
were not ill and had positive results.
So basically, I'm saying that though you had a coincidental finding of symptoms and a positive test, I'm not even sure they're related.
So here's the question.
And I remember... By the way, the tests were not random.

[SPEAKER_03]
I mean, I took the test many times.

[SPEAKER_04]
Steve, you have no idea.
We don't know what it's measuring.
Seriously, the people who made it belong to a group of companies, a segment of society, which are clearly crooked, seriously, at this point.
And so I believe that there is no one will tell us what's in these
lateral flow test, we're told that it's an immobilized antibody to some part of the alleged virus.
That's what they've told us.
I have no evidence for it whatsoever.
So wait, okay, so hang on.

[SPEAKER_03]
So Mike, has anyone, then why not expose this?
Okay.
Because what you can do is you can get virus samples from ATCC.
for the coronavirus, for SARS-CoV-2.
And you can go and run a bunch of viruses that you get from ATCC against the lateral flow test.

[SPEAKER_04]
I'm personally completely disinterested in the experiment.
Sounds like you're very interested.

[SPEAKER_03]
If if they're lying to us Yeah, then why is there a reason why someone shouldn't expose the lie?

[SPEAKER_04]
I would love it to be exposed but whatever you find there will be some people who will continue to believe what they believe today and

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, I know.
I get that.

[SPEAKER_04]
I get that.
But at least...

[SPEAKER_03]
It's a wheel spin.

[SPEAKER_04]
It's a wheel spin.

[SPEAKER_03]
No, it's not a wheel spin at all because I'm actually interested in seeing the outcome of that test if someone wants to do it.
I agree.

[SPEAKER_04]
I do think it would be...
I think you'd agree.
I hope that it would be very important to know what's inside the test.
Don't take us red that it's detecting, you know, capsid protein from this sequence with no idea if they're telling us the truth.
Seriously.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, that's why I'm saying somebody should.
Why hasn't someone just independently tested it against various virus?

[SPEAKER_04]
No, I seriously don't think people know what's in the test.
I certainly had this conversation.
Do you know Jonathan Engler?
You're probably aware of Claire Craig.
We tried to find out what was in them.
early 21, I think, and the companies are simply
So thank you for your inquiry.
That's commercial confidential.

[SPEAKER_03]
So, yeah, that's why I'm saying that you have to treat it, Mike, as a black box.
And someone then has to go and do the experiments by exposing it to to various pathogens.
And people can basically get a, you know, you can take samples from me and and we can do Sanger sequencing on those samples and compare it to the SARS-CoV-2.
Can I just make a comment at this point?
And then I could then do the same thing, but Mike, I mean, I don't understand why nobody would do this.

[SPEAKER_04]
I'm very happy if you'd do it.
I'm personally, I can't be bothered.
No, I get that, I get that.
What's going on is a global crime, mass murder, I'm communicating.
The public are not very interested in the lateral flow.
By all means pay someone to do it.

[SPEAKER_03]
No, no, no, but the claim is that the
that these COVID tests, which everybody gets, and they're mass distribution, people use this to say, I got COVID.
I mean, that's a really important thing.
If the test is wrong, it could really bring down the narrative.
And I'm saying, if the test is wrong, it's easy.
It seems that it's so easy.

[SPEAKER_04]
Exactly.
Well, I agree.
It is.
And I would say it's almost certainly nonsense, that test, almost certainly.
Because here's the thing.
How much of any one thing would there be in the sample from your nose compared with all of the other potentially detectable materials?
It's going to be, you know, it'll be a tiny fraction of the bulk of bulge materials that are being chromatographed by the, as you say, by the few drops through this lateral thing.
I've developed myself, this isn't PCR where I
hired people who've done it.
I've done these tests.
What you would need is something that's exquisitely selective and very, very potent in terms of binding.
And where did they get that from?
We don't know.
They get it from a donkey, because that's quite common.
You might vaccinate a donkey, and then you would have a donkey anti-SARS, whatever it is.
And even then, they would get a piece of
of the alleged pathogen and they would usually bind it onto something else.
So there'll be loads of other antibodies as well.
It's really, really difficult.
It's unlikely for these tests to be knocked out as quickly as they claim to have done it.
I mean, that was another giveaway that it sort of like, it pops up after a few months.
And I thought, there's no way, there's no way you've done this properly.
And now you've manufactured millions, tens of millions, hundreds of millions of tests.
It's all a lie.
It's all a lie.

[SPEAKER_03]
Has any lab basically bought all these tests and swabbed somebody who's COVID positive through Sanger sequencing?
And then tested that person, you know, with five samples of the test and swabs.

[SPEAKER_04]
As you can tell, it's something I lost the interest in it quite early.

[SPEAKER_03]
I'm not asking whether you've done it.
I don't know if anyone's done it.

[SPEAKER_04]
you must hear that I'm you know basically it's a detail by the side of the road and the idea it would be lovely wouldn't it if we could show something and it would we can't reach enough to people in a single go to bring down anything that's why it's a it's a game of attrition really and that's why I think it's more
At least the service I can be to the world is to focus on the things I'm very sure about.
And I said to you earlier, I don't want to fight people about this.

[SPEAKER_03]
So let's talk about the bigger issue.
So you believe that this is all planned, that the people in charge, whoever they are, do you know who the people in charge are?
Is Bill Gates like one of the people in charge?
Yeah, I'm sure he's involved.
Does he take orders from someone else?

[SPEAKER_04]
I would imagine so.
I mean, remember, until the spring of 2020, Steve, I believed everything, pretty much everything the government told us.
I believed the National Broadcaster.
I read the Daily Paper.
What a sap.
But I used to believe, I used to believe broadly that what I was being told here with a little bit of spin was probably right.
And I now come to the conclusion that almost everything they tell us is untrue.
And certainly everything about this so-called pandemic is a bloody lie.
Everything.
So I'm not gonna try and accommodate them.
It's a sign of, although I know you're sincere and I've definitely spoken to several people who have this experience and so they're kind of astonished that I don't agree with them.
And the only reason I don't is the epidemiological evidence shows there was not an increased cause of death.

[SPEAKER_03]
What, so what about, you know, CNN, so some might see, uh, in the U S CNN is showing all these hospitals, but showing overflow, you know, claiming that they're overflowing emergency rooms and, and, and, uh, and people sick in the hospital, that the hospitals are overwhelmed with people sick with COVID in the hospitals.
True or false?
False.
So if, so what they did is they found the one hospital in America, or do you think it was all made up?

[SPEAKER_04]
Oh, in terms of an overflowing hospital?

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
So if CNN says, hey, you know, these hospitals are overflowing and they go and they do their their reporting, are they actually constructing a hospital and and doing it like like MASH or something?
Well, or not not MASH, but I'm thinking of the great the what was the it's the entertainer movie with it with the song.
Oh, OK.
This thing.
Is it like the sting where they set the whole thing up?

[SPEAKER_04]
I think it's worth saying that.
I didn't know this in 2020, but I learned it shortly thereafter.
Do you know what the most potent stimulus for increased illness, loss of health status,
in a human being is other than actually giving them something that will make them ill.
But if you weren't able to give them something that would make them ill, do you know what is the proven best way of making them much more likely to become ill?
It's to frighten them.
chronic fear, kills.
If you get farm animals, lab animals, if you put them in the position where they're highly stressed, frightened, anxious, they don't have a place to hide where they need to be, or they don't have
an opportunity to socialize and they literally just die and humans are just the same.
So I think we suffered from all normal illnesses amplified by a deliberate policy of high propagandized fear.
But we know there are

[SPEAKER_03]
There's Sanger sequencing that is done and the genomic sequences match SARS-CoV-2.
Okay, so you're not denying that there's a virus out there and that people get it, right?

[SPEAKER_04]
I think it's certainly possible that there's something that moves from person to person that definitely isn't something that causes mass illness and death, Steve.
Unless you haven't read the paper or you have a reason to disagree with it,
I think you have to, on the one hand, in addition to what you're saying, you have to accept there was not an increase in all course of autonomy.
So I'm not looking for a pathogen.
There wasn't a pattern of death.
And the whole thing, like I said, 25 years of preparing for pandemics, which I think actually can't happen.
I think they're all fake.
And also, even if I'm wrong about that, did you look at any of them, did you watch even like 15 or 20 minutes of any of these tabletop simulations, the so-called Atlantic storm and lockstep and whatever, crimson contagion, all these things?
Basically, pretty quickly, Steve, the objective was,
to lock people down, to control them, to control the narrative and get a needle in their arm.
They were never interested in helping us.

[SPEAKER_00]
I wanted to step in and go back a second to the conversation about the hospitals.
I was living in Fairfield County, Connecticut at the time when COVID hit and at the time my region had the largest COVID cases in the state.
I had been at the hospital
quite regularly in February and March because my son was in the hospital and it was packed most of the time.
This is before COVID.
The emergency room was packed.
It was just, it was a busy hospital.
Before COVID.
Before COVID.
COVID hits, lockdowns hit.
I saw the reports on the local news about how we had the highest number of cases and stay away from the hospitals unless you're really sick.
In fact, I remember being in the emergency room right at the beginning of COVID before the lockdowns and people were coming in.
to the emergency room going I think I have COVID and the receptionist were saying no you don't go back home you're fine they were literally sending them away because they had people with real emergencies in the emergency room and they were busy but I decided to take a drive when I saw how the COVID was spreading in my region and how busy the hospital was and I do have a video of this somewhere I've got to find it in my archives because I shot footage from my car and I drove to the hospital
and it looked like it was closed literally there were three or four ambulances in front of the emergency room there were a couple of guys standing out there there was a gurney there empty out almost for display and there was it it looked to me as if the hospital was closed
but the news was telling us it was overflowing with patients and bodies.
So I just wanted to step into this conversation and share that anecdote.

[SPEAKER_04]
Two things to add.
I didn't do this, but people I know did do exactly what Livio said in the corner of Kent where I live.
And they said that the emergency room is often full to overwhelmed
in the winter, in other words, we've got inadequate capacity.
And they've deliberately taken, well, deliberately, I don't know the motive, they've reduced the number of inpatient beds and ventilated beds just quite a lot over the year.
And after the COVID, after the pandemic was declared, the number of admissions for symptoms that predominated with respiratory as the main reason fell like a stone.
It's like they're almost half, they're almost halved.
So, whatever they were being admitted with, whether or not they had a positive, quote, PCR test, they didn't have a respiratory illness.
That wasn't what was happening.
And also, in Britain, they were telling us that they're desperately short of intensive care beds.
And I personally know the person who used to manage for NHS England,
It's about 90% of the UK population.
When I say managed, he ran the database of which beds have got what person in them and when did they arrive and so on.
And he showed me that in the summer of 2020.
And he said, I've never seen the intensive care facility so empty.
And the part of the reason for that was I don't think it was pandemic and people were advised not to come to hospital.
But then the major thing that happened is because of the pandemic, elective surgery almost stopped.
So in the summer, they would do bypass surgeries, varicose veins and even more invasive surgery.

[SPEAKER_03]
None of this made it into the BBC, for example.
Sorry?
How come none of these empty ICUs made it on the BBC?

[SPEAKER_04]
Oh, Steve.
OK, I'm probably going to come across as a conspiracy theorist.
But as I say to people, there bloody well is a conspiracy.
There's nothing theoretical about it.
A small number of big companies own almost all of the mass media in the world.
I think it's less than 10.
And I think those 10 are in on it.
They're probably through the World Economic Forum.
They probably held a sidebar and then made it a policy.
It's like you're going to basically there'll be a line to take.
That's always been true.
The media follows lines to take.
Um, and basically lies not to take.

[SPEAKER_03]
So, so, so is, do you, I think it's all lies.
Is there media that you consider reliable?
Like the big times, for example?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no media.
I'm not talking, I'm not talking just mainstream media.
I'm talking about alternative media.
You don't think there's any alternative media that's reliable?
Oh, I see.

[SPEAKER_04]
Um,
I would say, I mean, I would recommend UK column, capital U, capital K space column.
UK column, it's run by, you know, a couple of good people and they source them.
They are, I think, at least one of them is one or maybe two.
Yeah, two of them are professional journalists and one is a former British serviceman who realized that things were not well and they were running UK column before Covid.
and so they've got a wider span.
Yeah, and I think they're doing their earnest best, but I'm afraid all other, I think all main media, whether it's TV, radio or print, I think there's virtually no independence of editorial minds.
And again, I don't know whether a couple of phone calls were made in Britain, it would be a drink over a gentleman's club.
I would suggest for you, you want to make sure that
BBC Channel 4 are both actually fully or part government owned.
So one phone call and then ITV Independent Television.
I think it's a floated thing, but they'll probably have cross holdings in terms of board membership.
It's not difficult.
Also, I think the media, Steve, have been
very controlled probably all of my life and probably before that and I was too stupid to realize it.
There's a phenomenon whose name escapes me when you open the newspaper or whatever it was and it's an area you know a lot about and you you read this one page and you're snorting, poppy cult, it's all wrong.
You know you wonder why they've got it so badly wrong then you turn to the next page and are engrossed in
in the next page and the next page.
There's a name for that and I can't remember what it's called.
But it's basically, you've been presented with unequivocal evidence that this organ's lying to you, but you go on with assuming that it's telling you the truth, whatever that's called.
And I mean, I pretty much shut my television away three, just like two and a quarter years ago.
It's the old joke, Steve, that if you don't watch it, you're uninformed.
And if you do watch it, you're misinformed.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
So what was your big wake up moment, you know, when you say, hey, looking back at that, I can't believe I, you know, I believed all this stuff.
What was your what was the defining moment for you when you went from believing what you were told to not believing everything?

[SPEAKER_04]
I think it would be when I went through the design of these gene based injections,
I remember being just horrified.
I think I've described it to people that I felt unmoored.
Like, I'm a boat that's just wanted off from the harbor.
And it took several days to process it.
It's like, if I'm if what I'm thinking is true, and I was pretty damn good at my job, I got to VP.
And then I started my own company, which was successful, and we got bought.
And I was a consultant, they then
They don't borrow your expertise if you're an idiot.
So I was quite good at one tiny narrow area of stuff, and I'm rubbish at almost everything else.
And the area of stuff included rational drug design, hence the design of it.
And that was...
That's horrifying.
It's still horrifying.
Because I think there's no escaping that some people have decided they're going to mass manufacture things and then create circumstances where, is it five or six billion people have been injected?
That's a big chunk of the world's population.
And these people, like Gates for example, I think his father or grandfather was part of Planned Parenthood, and it used to be called the American Eugenics Society.
It became unfashionable after the war.
So you don't have to go very far.
And I say 25 years of pandemic preparedness planning, which is really authoritarian takeover, 50 years of fakery around climate change.
Because again, I just believe what I was told.
I was a bit skeptical.
But in the last year or so, I probably read more papers on original research papers and listened to interviews from people like me from climate physics, geology, and so on.
And all the people like me are speaking out against what they say is inappropriate statements from their area.
All of them are former faculty.
They're all fired, censored, conspiracy theorists.
So Judith Currie, Richard Limson, John Carson, who just won a Nobel Prize.
Ian Plimer in Australia.
It's the same, I think, 50 years of planning to light and to people and scale them about climate change, because it's something that we need solving, if true, we need solving above the level of nation.
And the same with pandemics.
So I think both are lies.
The Club of Rome, which was started in the late 60s, founded by the Rockefellers,
were tasked with coming up with some strategies that would allow basically one-wheel government type of people to step in and take control.
And their criteria were things that are too big to handle by a nation and frightening enough that you can't just ignore them.
And after some study and discussion, they came up with infectious disease and global warming, which they amended to climate change.
You can find the damn documents, folks.
It's not a conspiracy theory.
And they've run this like damn clockwork.
We are not warming the climate.
We're not running out of fossil fuels.
CO2 has increased but is a minor contribution to changes in temperature, which is like 1.1 centigrade in the last hundred and something years.
And if anything, the next excursion will be downwards.
So it's all lies.
smashing farms in Holland because of climate change and nitrogen dioxide.
We are being almost persuaded that we will be eventually compelled out of our cars in Britain.
The idea of 15-minute cities has been introduced and
in the city I'm in there are ANPR cameras, automatic number plate recognition cameras, on every road into and out of the city and they've said you'll be allowed a certain number of movements in a year, any more than that you'll have to pay a fine and then they can reduce the number of movements or increase the fine or make your vehicle be impounded
The goal is to remove private transport.
It says so in the UN 2030 Sustainable Development Goal document.
So they're doing what they've said and I think their intention is to
you know, remove freedom and then mass kill.
If more people believe what I am telling them.

[SPEAKER_03]
But all of parliament has to be in on it too, right?
They all have to be in on the plan to be able to pass these laws, to be able to do this to people, right?
It's striking to me that basically people are electing people that want to do this to them, right?
They're picking the people who are on the plan.

[SPEAKER_04]
I think very few people know the whole plan.
Very few people know the whole plan.
I don't know the whole plan.
I only know, I've only worked out one piece of it.
But the members of parliament, don't the members of parliament know the whole plan?
Do you know what?
It's extremely rare that they even read the legislation that they vote to pass.
Extremely rare.
And the Coronavirus Act brackets 2020 that they passed in, I think it was March 2020,
You know what a PhD thesis looks like.
Apparently, the draft Act of Parliament was two theses thick, and they were given it the day before.
None of them read it, and you surely understand that politicians get in if they're willing to toe the line.
In Britain, we call it taking the whip.
Basically, the party tells you which way to vote and when to do it.
So I don't think they are in on the plan.
A small number are.
I think Jeremy Hunt, former Health Minister, Tony Blair, former Prime Minister, and probably a couple of others.
Keir Starmer, who will be the next Prime Minister of Britain, he's on the Trilateral Commission.
which is one of the half-thousand globalist groups.
If they're not conspiring, what do you think they are doing?

[SPEAKER_03]
But why now, Mike?
Why wasn't this done 10 years ago?

[SPEAKER_04]
I don't know.
Oh, it couldn't have been done 10 years ago.
Five years ago, why wasn't it done?
You need one of these satanic rectangles.

[SPEAKER_03]
I see.

[SPEAKER_04]
And I think now almost everybody's got a satanic rectangle.
And it spends almost every waking minute, including when they're on the toilet, looking at it.
I see people delivering pizzas on mopeds.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, so do you think that the iPhone and these other phones were created as part of the plan to say that the plan was to do this?
Let's invent the iPhone and then let's invent the virus.

[SPEAKER_04]
I mean, I don't know whether it would.
I do think the Internet, I think these people, I think, have a broad strategy.
And the rest of the time, I think it's emergent, you know, they'll invest in things and then you'll see what see what can be made to happen.

[SPEAKER_03]
So do you think that the internet was was created as part of this plan to, you know, first we do it with the internet and and and that somebody is playing this thing out so it

[SPEAKER_04]
I can't be sure, but it's entirely plausible.
Steve, I know you might be... Somebody's waited a long time.
If the internet was created,

[SPEAKER_03]
Um, you know, cause, cause I was there, I, I worked at the original, uh, node on, on the ARPANET.
Mid 90s became commercial, I guess.
Well, no, no, it was back, no, back, back in 1970.
I mean, I understand that.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
Ordinary soldiers who went to work in industry didn't get regular internet access.
I think it was probably about 94, 95, uh, internet.
Sure.
Yeah.
But.
I remember being shown a browser by a friend of mine.
I didn't know what a browser was.
You know, dog pile or whatever it is.
It's rather ironic.
So yeah, I'm not saying that all of the technologies were invented with the express purpose of blah, blah, blah.
But I do think it is quite interesting if you look at who has control of these things.
Why aren't there, well, I don't know.
It is quite surprising that
Yeah, I think 5G, 4G, 5G, and ubiquity of smartphones is a necessity.
It's very difficult.
People who just go fishing for a living and pull fruits out of a tree and vegetables out of the ground.

[SPEAKER_03]
Wait a minute, was 5G necessary?

[SPEAKER_04]
I think it's good.
Is it not good?
Well, you know much more about this than me.
I've been led to believe that it can provide location resolution
uh, that's better than what went before.
Is that not true?

[SPEAKER_03]
Um, I, I don't, I don't think so.
You don't sound very, you don't sound very sure.
No, no, no.
I mean, the, it's all based on.

[SPEAKER_04]
Why have we got it at all?
What does it, what's its USP?

[SPEAKER_03]
Uh, sorry.
Why do we need it?
Yeah.
Five G. Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
I mean, I know nothing.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
Faster speeds.

[SPEAKER_04]
speed.
Yeah.
Okay.
So yeah, I think you probably don't you probably don't strictly need it.
But um, you know, I think it's pretty clear that there's a there is a push to ensure people get digital ID, which you do not need evidence your last six years of your life.
Why do they want you to have it?
It's because it provides location control, regulated threshold control, spending control, transaction control, injection control, that you don't need it.
There's the desire to get rid of cash, which we see all over the place.
There are automate it.
There's not a single major thing that's happened, unfortunately, Steve, that does not line up with the idea of killing them.

[SPEAKER_03]
It seems like there's nothing we can do to stop it because everybody who's elected is apparently in on it and you won't be able to fly in an airport without the real IDs.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, I would encourage people, though,
Don't don't all sign up for it.
I am well aware that yeah, but But but Mike I mean people are gonna want to fly they're gonna sign up for it Yeah, no, you're absolutely right.
Honestly, they could offer people donuts and they're probably signed up Yeah, I think what has to happen is they have to elect people who?

[SPEAKER_03]
to office who would be opposing these things and then yeah, I I

[SPEAKER_04]
I agree with you.
I think that's all too late.
I think that was okay.
You remember the book Francis Dupuyama's.

[SPEAKER_03]
I guess we should all then get used to the new normal here of people dying and in massive numbers.
No, I would form relation.

[SPEAKER_04]
I would form
Terrestrial relationships with with other people who who aren't going to go along with this.
I mean, obviously, we don't know anybody then.
Okay.
Let's end with this.

[SPEAKER_03]
What's your what's your prediction for what's going to happen?
Okay.
Like, do you think that in five years from now or in 10 years from now?
So what do you think the world looks like in five years from now?
What do you think the world looks like in 10 years from now?

[SPEAKER_04]
The one thing I've been massively wrong about is I've been very pessimistic on time scale.
So I thought they were going to roll us over in the winter of 21.
Completely wrong.
So you can take whatever I say in terms of time scale with a pinch of salt.
But I think I do think in 10 years,
the advanced economies, what we would call the West.
If we don't stop them, we'll have mandatory digital ID and cashless CBDC and we're lost for you.

[SPEAKER_03]
So what does this mean?
So what does the world look like then when that happens?
Are we all robots and it's like they tell you, they tell you to do what you're going to do.
I mean, what does this world look like?
It'll probably

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, if your eyes are open, the world already looks weird, I think.
I watch people walking up to checkouts with no human.
I know that's been quite common over recent years.
And they seem not concerned that there's a dirty, great iPad on the top of the checkouts.
Well, what do they think it's doing?
It's using Clearview AI or other image recognition software, 80 billion images scraped off Facebook.
The algorithm, whatever, the computer knows whether the person standing there is Sally John or John Sally.
And people don't seem to mind.
I would say don't put that much power in the hands of people because you're relying on not only the current
like regime and people around you being okay, but you're relying forever that situation continuing, which is mad.
But unfortunately, people who think like me are rare.
And most people will go, ah, yeah, but they would never actually kill us, would they?
I mean, I'm in connection with thousands of people who have no intention of going on with it, but I do think it's a tiny minority.
What's your guess, Steve, as to the rough percentage of the public that at least know that something is seriously wrong?

[SPEAKER_03]
25% of the population is not vaccinated.
That's pretty good.
I mean, I think it's lower.
I have no data, but I fear it's less.
Yeah.
All right.
We got a cut at this point.
So thank you so much for sharing your views.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thank you, Steve.
You're an absolute, you're one of my heroes.
You need to do what you're doing.
And there's punishment.
What do they say?
No good deed, et cetera.
It's unpunished, so I know the feeling.
And keep on keeping on.
And you know what?
I've talked about process-wise, you need a miracle to occur sometimes for things that aren't really well worked out.
I'm not sure they've worked all of this out.
And I'm hoping stuff will happen.
And play for time.
If we can deflect and delay, we just allow
possibility of stuff emerging.
I think it will.

[SPEAKER_03]
I'll tell you it's really hard to bring any kind of criminal charges or civil charges or anything against what's going on and I was on the I was a call with Warner Mendenhall this morning and and I said so Warner it looks like we can't do it criminally because there's no prosecutor in the world that's gonna go and go and and prosecute nursing homes or doctors or whatever because it looks bad and
And we're not going to get a civil trial on this because we can't prove harm.
We can't prove that the person was in necessarily killed by the vaccine.
But, you know, maybe we can we can have some forensic evidence that that shows that.
But, you know, actually, I think about it.
I think that and but the thing is that when you kill an old person,
That's not looked at as oh, he was 97 years old and he died and Maybe the vaccine may have you know, it's kind of like the harm is is minimal I guess it has to be a child dying where a young child dies and we have the forensic evidence
That the child was killed by a vaccine and the vaccine was administered by someone who who should know that the vaccines are killing people But right now there's such plausible deniability that in order to have Certainly criminal charges you need criminal intent you need to have the intent that or that there was criminal negligence in other words that you knew that this thing was killing people and
And you look the other way.
And it's a lot of people have plausible deniability because, oh, your honor, I wasn't keeping statistics, so I didn't know.
And Mr. Bush was a misinformation spreader.
So I don't think that that you can get any kind of criminal charges against any of these people.
But I think there's there.
The best is civil liability where a child is killed and there is forensic evidence tying the vaccine to it.
and that you go after then the individual or the organization that Gilda gave to she.

[SPEAKER_04]
I think that's right.
I think what I've tried to do, I quite quickly kind of thought, I mean, I used to say this, but I don't want to depress people.
It's like, once I realized there was some kind of a big plot, would the masters of the universe, the people who control the world,
Would they set out to commit a global coup d'etat if they weren't reasonably confident they were going to win?
And the answer is no, they wouldn't.
That doesn't mean they will win, but it means they've got a plan in which they have high confidence.
And so I realized in that moment that probably the only thing I can do is to try and warn as many people as possible because they will fail unless enough of us go along with stuff.
And I know that people are mostly going along with it.
they are, but it is a fewer, it's fewer than it was three, two years ago.
So, you know, we're chasing the setting of the sun.
We've got to wake enough people up before they get controlled.

[SPEAKER_03]
So, I'm going to keep going.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thank you.
Thank you for helping us do that.
Thank you.
Thank you for the privilege of talking to your subscribers.
Thank you.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, Dr. Yeeden makes a really persuasive case that COVID, while real, was not itself a deadly pandemic and that the real aim was to get us all on digital ID and to control us more easily.
And the final word there was our only hope of stopping this agenda is to speak up.
And to really take chances and speak up when we know it's going to make people uncomfortable and just try to get more people to see what's going on.
So great interview.
And it's, it was all recorded, of course, and available.
If you miss some of it and go right on our, this very channel on rumble and catch whatever you missed.
Tonight, we will not be going over to Twitter spaces.
We'll be back here or there here and there next week.
Do check out our good friend Ernest Ramirez.
He lost his son, Ernesto Junior, to the Pfizer vaccine in twenty twenty one.
I believe he had a Twitter space going.
It may still be going.
Check it out if you can.
And maybe our guys, Janet and David, can try to put a link in the chat.
One last reminder, the Hawaii fundraiser Save Maui, Saturday night, 8 p.m. Eastern, right here.
It's going to be beautiful, amazing artists.
I will be there, come join us.
And join us also next Thursday, September 7th, exclusively here on Rumble.
Our special guest will be Yale epidemiologist and now chief epidemiologist with the wellness company, the highly esteemed Dr. Harvey Riesch.
Thank you everyone and have a good night.
