[UNKNOWN]
you

[SPEAKER_03]
Hi, everyone.
This is Mila Ratatich.
I'm the host for the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation's live college edition.
And welcome to a bi-weekly Monday show.
Tonight, we'll be talking with Phoebe Lu, a University of Connecticut student who is canceled for school along
along with $23,000 of merit scholarships and TICE PAT and Ohio University student currently fighting a lawsuit against COVID-19 mandates.
We'll have a special guest, Chloe, a student who was banned from Southern Connecticut State University graduate clinical program due to her vaccination status.
And she'll join us around 20 minutes after the hour.
VSRF is a 501C3 organization with a mission to end COVID-19 mandates and advance COVID-19 vaccine safety through public education and advocacy of scientific research and to provide support to the vaccine injured.
We encourage open and transparent conversations, scientific and medical inquiry and questions.
We're calling for truth and transparency in our colleges so that our fellow students and future generations can receive informed consent and freedom to have the education without courage or mandates.
Tonight's topic is on banned healthcare workers.
And we will upload all the cited materials for each episodes as well as the link to any open floor discussion on Twitter spaces in the description box.
Thank you for joining us on live on rumble.
And if you'd like to ask any questions, please drop them in the comments.
Now, before we go into the interview with Chloe, a topic that I previously was going to talk about in the last show was dishonorable discharge due to the refusal of the vaccine in the United States military.
So in 2021, the US military started enforcing vaccine mandates and the refusal to comply stole the earned eligibility of services like the GI Bill Assistance Veterans Affair Home Loans to stay federal employees, general benefits, and also honorable recognition by the US military and citizens.
Honorable recognition should not be taken away simply because you refuse to comply with the vaccine.
Religious or medical reasons could prohibit you from taking it.
But members, despite that, were dishonorably discharged.
As a CBS news article published in December 2021 states,
On Thursday, the Marine Corps said it has 103 Marines so far discharged for refusing the vaccine.
The Army said it had reprimanded more than 2,700 soldiers and will begin discharge proceedings in January.
The Air Force earlier this week said that 27 airmen had been discharged for refusing the vaccine order.
And the Navy laid out its new discipline procedure for this week and has already fired one sailor from its command job for refusing to be tested while he pursues an exemption.
My personal friend, Casey Borgen, in the United States Marine Corps talked to me about his experience with the vaccine.
And he said that he applied for three religious exemptions, but none were accepted.
He personally saw three Marines get seizures within 20 to 30 minutes of receiving the COVID vaccine as well.
Can you imagine how scary that would be?
You have no choice.
And you see all these adverse effects from receiving it.
He took the vaccine to deploy because he was not going to leave his men behind.
And that's an honorable thing to do, but also one, you should not be forced into making.
So Phoebe, Tais, what do you guys think of that, especially like the title of dishonorably discharging like these soldiers in these Marines?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
Well, I really like the title dishonorably discharging because
They did not earn their honor based on their vaccination status.
They earned their honor based on how they have served the country and the sacrifices that they have made for the country, whether it's now in the present, the past in the present or in the future, because they might get called to go into battle.
Um, but to discharge someone because of a vaccination status over their merits and what they have done is very fitting for the name.
And I have, you know, I can relate in a sense with my merit scholarships being canceled.
Um, I had earned my merits based on my academics and my work, uh, not because of my vaccination status.
Um, and I,
can't believe what these people had to go through, you know, serving and placing their life on the line and being willing to contribute your own life, your personal life.
And as well as how it might impact your family and your friends, they put all of that on the line.
And now it's no more because they didn't get vaccinated or they were forced into it.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, it's definitely very coercive and it's just terrible.
It's terrible to see that done to, you know, are the people who have, they risk their lives to protect us and make sure that we're okay.
And the government was not looking out for their best interests, you know, they're not looking out for making sure that they're protected.
And another thing too is there's a dishonorably getting dishonorably discharged isn't just, you know, like,
You're dishonored.
You also lose out on the benefits that you would receive from your service.
So things like retirement pensions, health care.
So because they made a health decision and they were dishonorably discharged, they lose access to that health care that they were promised to receive for their service.
So it's a major problem.
It's, it's good to see that these mandates are finally ending.
And it's sad that so many people had to fight that and even be coerced into doing something they didn't want to do.

[SPEAKER_01]
Right.
Right.
Just like all, all of those years of service and the contributions in the past, were they all for nothing?
Just because of a vaccination?
And will they be forgotten just because somebody didn't get vaccinated, just because somebody made a choice for their body, whether it was religious or whether it was for medical reasons.
There's many reasons why people don't want to take the vaccine or cannot take the vaccine.
And to lose out what you have sacrificed for the country is, it's in a sense very dishonorable.
Not for the service members, but as to how the country is treating them.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, absolutely.
It's really sad how political things like the militaries even gotten where our First Amendment right protects your right to religious freedoms and not taking a vaccine is a basic
It's a basic religious.
If you have religious reasons not to take a vaccine, that should never be questioned, especially by the government, especially for our service members.
And so it's sad to see that this has happened.
And that's why it's not over.
Even though these mandates might be ending now, if this were to happen again in the future, it should never happen again.
And there's definitely, I feel bad for a lot of people in the military, because there definitely is this attitude of,
Well, just following orders is very important in the military.
Um, and so a lot of people didn't even really give any thought as soon as they were told by the chain of command that they have to get the vaccine.
You know, they went out and did it.
Didn't think twice about it because that's kind of just a regular thing to do in that position.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, I just thought it was something that had to be brought up because nobody's talking about it.
There's a lot of things we talk about on the show that's almost swept under the carpet.
You just don't hear about it and they don't want to explain it.
They don't want to talk about what happened and it very well could happen again.
So, and like Phoebe said, the fact that they're
their value of like the sacrifices that they've made and put themselves in a position to make is almost
invalid and it does not matter simply because you refuse to get the vaccine or the say you have went to war and all of that just your honorable recognition is not there anymore simply because maybe you couldn't get it.
It's unfair.

[SPEAKER_01]
Right, right.
And especially for the soldiers who have gone to war or have experienced, um, you know, life threatening situations or seen, you know, a friend, a fellow, um, you know, member go through a life threatening situation.
They will not only have to deal with the psychological and the emotional effects that follow afterwards their service, but now if our country is taking away the support
which already was not enough, if they're completely withdrawing that, it makes me very sad for those members that have to go through it alone without financial support from the government, without resource support from the government.
It just makes me question, are we treating the people who are serving for us correctly?
Is this right?

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, I was at a smaller conference.
A group, Ohio stands up here, they were fighting mandates and they did a conference here in Ohio and I met a very nice woman there.
She's a veteran of the armed forces and she had currently, she had a broken leg or she had a leg injury and
The VA was refusing to treat her and help her get treatment because even though she's already out of the military and now she's a veteran, because she didn't get the vaccine, they were refusing her treatment and health care.
So it's really sad that someone who's already gone through it too, I mean,
Obviously, this affects mostly people our age because a lot of the majority of service members are people that are college age or even in college.
And it affects that too.
You know, they can lose the money that they're getting towards their education by getting dishonorably discharged.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yes, so.
All of you guys make very good points.
And especially Phoebe, the questions that you made that we should definitely think about when it comes to the armed service members.
So we're going to bridge over into Chloe's interview.
And what's her story?
I actually don't know.
Phoebe, do you think you could lead us into that?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, sure.
So the military and our service
members weren't the only one who were banned and barred from their occupation.
This also happened very commonly in the healthcare sector and we'll get to meet Chloe who was one of those healthcare workers who was banned.
Specifically, she was a speech pathologist and Chloe was born and raised in Central Connecticut.
She graduated from Avon High School in 2016 and then later on from Roger Williams University with a double major in English and French in 2019.
In 2020, she was very shocked by the mishandling of the pandemic and became a conservative
and afterwards she was accepted to the Speech-Language Pathology Graduate Program at Southern Connecticut State University.
However, as of now, she's currently borrowed from attending due to her unvaccinated status.
Her non-medical exemption is pending review.
So she asks you all to secure medical freedom for Chloe and for all other unvaccinated students in the nursing and speech pathology language pathology programs at SCSU.
She has a link in the description box that you can sign a petition from Young Americans Liberty
to help her and her students, her fellow students out.
With that, we'd like to bring Chloe onto the stage.
Hi Chloe.

[SPEAKER_03]
Hi everybody.

[SPEAKER_02]
So nice to see you.

[SPEAKER_01]
So nice to see you.
We're so glad that you could make it tonight.
Could you please give us a little background about yourself and your story?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, of course.
So initially I attended Roger Williams University.
I graduated in 2019 with a double major in English and French, meaning that I actually have no STEM background.
However, after 2020 I was very determined to do something about
helping children who had been affected by the pandemic and in this case it would mean helping students who have been negatively affected by the mask mandates especially since when you have early childhood development hindered by adults wearing masks all the time so you can't see facial movements or facial expressions it actually has a significant impact on

[SPEAKER_00]
You're good.

[SPEAKER_02]
Did you lose my connection?

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, you're okay.

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Good.
Okay.
Sorry about that, guys.

[SPEAKER_01]
So yeah, you were talking about, go ahead.
Go ahead.
You are talking.
I'm just going to continuing from where you left off or when we last heard you, you were saying something about the mass affecting children in schools and how you wanted to do something about it.

[SPEAKER_02]
Right, exactly.
So I was determined to do something about that and speech language mythology was something that came to mind, especially because there is going to be a huge demand coming up with children who have gone through this phase of the pandemic, this crucial developmental phase where they haven't been able to develop proper phoning formation,
haven't been able to develop proper speech patterns simply because they haven't been able to see the adults around them talking and using facial expressions in a normal way.
This is a huge developmental hindrance and it's extremely important to help students with that and it's what's going to help them the most from what I understand is speech therapy.
And it's going to be a very in-demand profession coming up.
And so I figured, absolutely, I'll get on that bandwagon.
To clarify something that you were saying earlier, Phoebe, I apologize.
It might have been the slip of the tongue.
I just wanted to clarify.
I am not in fact a speech language pathologist.
I am merely trying to attend a speech language pathology program.
However,
What's going on right now is a little bit crazy so I'll explain from the beginning briefly and concisely.
I have my timeline of events pulled up right here and I will try to present this information as engagingly as possible.
So on March 15th of last year, so almost exactly one year ago,
On March 15th, I was accepted into the Speech Language Pathology Program at Southern Connecticut State University, which is in New Haven.
It's close to Yale.
It's a state university.
And basically what happened is on April 4th of 2022, according to the SCSU COVID-19 website, it appeared that the vaccine mandate for COVID-19 was lifted for all students.
Now,
About around April, I believe it was April 19th, I received a welcome to the program email from the department that then re-clarifies that, oh no, it wasn't lifted for all students.
You know, oops, psych, it is still in place for nursing students and speech language pathology students, meaning communication disorder students.

[SPEAKER_01]
So let me interject if it's OK.

[SPEAKER_02]
It's still in place.

[SPEAKER_01]
Oh, did we lose her?
Oh, man, I wanted to ask her a question.
It was on the tip of my tongue.
Are you back?
I'll give her a couple of minutes.
Yeah.
I had no clue because we live in the same state of Connecticut.
So I had heard about all of the 17 other Connecticut public colleges and universities dropping their mandates.
And I was thrilled because I thought, oh, you know, my school is next.
I go to UConn.
I went to UConn.
To be correct.
But no, our apparently Yukon system is separate from the rest of the Connecticut public colleges and university system.
We have two different systems here in Connecticut.
So all the rest of them dropped as up for us.
And when I got to meet Chloe, I thought, oh, cool.
This is very interesting.
Why is she in this fight?
I couldn't quite figure it out until we got to meet and we got to talk.
And I realized that, oh, the 17 other Connecticut public colleges and universities, they dropped them, but not for everybody.
They dropped it for most of the students.
I believe the undergrad students.
And I hope Chloe can clarify if she comes on back on later.
And they dropped the mandates for faculty and staff, but not for the clinical programs, which I found was so odd.
And I'm really honored that we have her here today to tell us about her experience and what it's like being one of those minority students who was banned from her education.

[SPEAKER_02]
Thank you so much, Phoebe.
I do.
Sincerely.
that I'm vaccinated, is that correct?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yes, yes, that's right.
Maybe you can try turning off your webcam for a while and that might help with the bandwidth.
Bear with us for a second while we try to get her back.

[SPEAKER_00]
But yeah, essentially they did the same thing at the Ohio schools too.
And it's, like you said, they do it statewide because they have these groups that they just wanted to cling on to everything as long as they could.

[SPEAKER_02]
Are people having technical difficulties?

[SPEAKER_00]
No, sometimes it does this when we go live, we've noticed that it used to happen to Phoebe a lot.
But you're good right now.
OK.

[SPEAKER_02]
No problem.
It's a little nerve-wracking.
That's okay.
Phoebe, the last question you were asking, if it's my turn to speak, which I actually don't know because it cut out a little bit for me, you were asking about

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, so I actually had a question, and as you were talking about how you saw the website, SESU's website, and then you applied and you got in and then later on you realized that, oh wait, no, the mandate wasn't lifted for everyone.
Was this clearly stated on their website?

[SPEAKER_02]
So, from what I understand, it appeared to me because I remember looking through everything and I didn't remember seeing any clarification.
I don't remember.
That's the only thing I don't recall.
I know that they changed it.
That's the thing.
I know that they changed the language because there was a specific moment where we went back and it was different.
However,
The one thing that I will say is they did specify, oh, it's lifted for all students.
And I'm not sure if this was added later or if it was there all along for the record.
I want to be completely clear about that.
I'm not sure if it was there all along or if it was added later.
However, there's a line at the bottom.
It was like near the bottom of the page that said, this may not apply to clinical students who are required to complete clinical practica, something to that effect.
and
It seems it seemed like an odd thing to put at the top of the page and say, oh, by the way, the vaccine mandate doesn't exist anymore and then have like a fine print thing at the bottom.
It seemed misleading.
So I that I didn't really appreciate that.
It could have been something for the record.
Yes, I have to I do have to clarify that for the record that it could have been something that I missed.
However, it was not clearly stated at the top at the banner at the top of the page.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, that's certainly misleading.
If they say, well, we've lifted the mandate for all students, but then you go down to the fine print and you realize, oh, it's not actually all students.
It's only most students.
That's actually very misleading.
I would give you a piece of advice.
You can try to plug the URL of the school's COVID page into Wayback Machine.
and see if anyone has saved those previous states.
So oftentimes, yeah, oftentimes we know, we know colleges love to change their websites, especially around COVID policies.
So what I do is I take the URL and a plug into Wayback Machine and see if I can go back and find copies of it at the time frame where I was involved or where I'm interested in.

[SPEAKER_02]
That's fantastic.
I had no idea.
I've heard of Wayback Machine, but I didn't know that's what it did.
So that's fantastic.
You hear about all these cases where people will sneakily update their website to sneak some new policy and claim it's been there all along.
And it's like something that I thought that couldn't be.
I mean, obviously it can be traced, but I didn't know it was that easy.
So that's awesome.
So thank you, Phoebe.
I appreciate that.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, of course.
Try it out.
It's a great program.
It's on the web.
And it's also free to use.
So very convenient.
But yeah, I cut you off.
So why don't you continue?

[SPEAKER_02]
Oh, no, no, no, that's not, no, absolutely, no, it's totally, totally fine.
I'm going to just really quickly make sure I knew where I was.
Yes, so when I got the welcome to the program email, I was obviously pretty shocked and pretty taken aback because I thought, wait a minute, I thought that the, I mean, the whole reason I applied is because I thought that the vaccine was lifted.
And so I did a little investigation and notably what really stuck out to me, this was the end of April.
I contacted Dr. Lisa Galvin who is the head of grad admissions from what I understand and she said my explanation of the vaccine mandate situation with the Department of Communication Disorders was the first time she was hearing of the reinstated mandate.
This was April last year.
Apparently she didn't know about it.
Apparently this was news to the dean of, I know she's not called a dean, but she's more or less head of graduate admissions, and that was pretty shocking to me as well.
And so I thought, wow, okay, so it's not even being communicated clearly, so that's fantastic.
And then I did request, and around, then this was still around the end of the month, I also figured out that there was a medical exemption option
And then June of 2022, sorry, my bad, July of 2022, SDSU mentioned in an email to graduate students that a non-medical exemption wasn't available.
So no religious exemption, but there is a medical category and a non-medical category.
So there are two ways, there are two ways to appeal it.
What I chose to do was the non-medical route.
And so February 22nd of this year.
So this was obviously this, basically from July to December, I was doing a lot of petition promotion and
This issue was kind of at a stalemate because obviously they weren't budging, they weren't conceding to what I wanted to do.
So I ended up working with Young Americans for Liberty and they helped me write a petition and send it out to people so that they could sign in support of medical freedom for all SCSU students.
And this is ongoing and I am extremely hopeful that we can get enough signatures to deliver it to the president's office and put a lot of obviously put pressure on administrators to do the right thing.
And basically after submitting it on the 22nd I submitted my non-medical exemption.
included a ton of evidence and tons and tons and tons of data and studies and links to a bunch of different studies, etc.
and hopefully this will help them have a change of heart.
And I really don't want to be pessimistic.
I really, really hope that they take the information that I presented to heart and reconsider.
And so I was given a time frame.
The only other thing I wanted to mention too is I was never given a specific
deadline to submit the non-medical exemption form.
They said, oh, just do it sometime when the spring semester.
They didn't give me a specific deadline, and they also did not give a specific date when they would get back to me.
They said that the form takes three to four weeks to review.
And so I'm in a situation right now where it is around mid-March.
I submitted it back on February 22nd, so I remember the date.
And so, hypothetically, they should have my decision by the end of this month.
They should bring the gavel down, I guess, by the end of this month.
I have a sneaking suspicion that the process might take longer than that, because they seem pretty disorganized.
but I'm just hoping and praying that that'll work out.
And I have the link to the petition that I, if there's any way to share it in the chat, that would be fantastic.
And yep, that's basically my spiel.
So thank you guys, thank you so much for letting me share my story and I'm open to answering any questions you have.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, yeah, we'll stay on.
We have the link to your petition in the description box below.
So it's a hyperlink and if any of you are interested or willing to support her and get Chloe back into SESU, please do go into the description box and sign the YAL petition for her.
Yeah, everyone click it.

[SPEAKER_00]
I just threw it in the chat too.
I have a question, Chloe.
So do you know if they do, if the school approves your exemption, do they have anything that's like, because, okay, let me like better explain this.
So like in Ohio, I know a couple of schools for clinical students.
What they tried to do, because same thing, they dropped the mandates for everybody else because I think they were losing money because people weren't going to schools with mandates.
But they kept it for the clinical students.
And how a lot of schools worded it here, I noticed, is that you can request an exemption through the school, but then there's no guarantee that the clinical sites will accept that, basically.
They kind of tried to pun it off where they're like, well, the hospital has their own mandates.
And so how can you, even if we exempt you, how can you go there if they're going to require it too?
Do you know if there's anything like that?

[SPEAKER_02]
Here's the thing, that's one instance where I think my argument's pretty airtight, because all of the clinics for communication disorders
are on location.
They are on campus.
They are part of the university.
They're not separate in any way.
There's not a separate hospital.
There's not a separate audiology clinic.
It's all under the same roof of Southern Connecticut State University, which adds another layer of logical fallacy because if
If it's so important for every single person to be vaccinated in that clinic, then why would you have it on a campus where every other person is unvaccinated if it's that big of a danger?

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_02]
It seems really odd.
And I have a sneaking suspicion that had, and obviously this is unproven, but I have a sneaking suspicion that has a lot more to do with grant money than it does with logic.
So there you go.
But I think that that's a really great point that you mentioned, and that puts people in a pretty nightmarish situation because they're given absolutely, they're basically just,
They're given the illusion of an option, basically.
There's no actual option, of course.
That's just coercion.
Hopefully, in this scenario, though, that's enough of a cause to be like, well, it's all you.
It's all under the same institution.
So what's your excuse?
You're not even a separate entity.
Exactly.

[SPEAKER_00]
And yeah, I think like what you said, too, with like the grant money and even, um, like what I've noticed at colleges so much is like, it's all about like getting people to think the same, right?
So, um, it's so important for them.
This is probably a reason why they want to keep the clinical students required to get the vaccines because they don't want clinical students that are unvaccinated being in the healthcare community at all, which is why they've tried to ostracize
health care students across the country.
You know, they don't want they want the next generation of health care students and health care employees to be full, fully on the same page as the CDC.
If they say something, they if this ever happens again, they want everybody in that field to be like, yeah, you got to get the vaccine.
And I think they've already done a great job with doing that.
And we kind of saw it where the majority of the health care community
Instead of looking at the research, instead of reading the academic journals and seeing what the science and the studies were saying, they looked at the CDC's webpage.
It says, everybody should get vaccinated.
And they just towed that same line, repeated the same line, safe and effective, essentially.

[SPEAKER_02]
Right.
The thing that's bizarre though is that they're continuing to do this even after the CDC clarified that there's no functional difference between non-vaccinated and vaccinated people in terms of danger to other people.

[SPEAKER_01]
Right.
Exactly.
But putting safety, ethnicity, and protection aside, this restriction, like, what do you think and in what ways
Does this restriction influence the new cohort of health care members and health care community?
And like, do you have any ideas or thoughts on how this could impact the patient provider model as a new cohort becomes practitioners?

[SPEAKER_02]
That's a great point.
I think it's mainly just disconcerting that
The field that's supposed to, in theory, give protection to people and treat them when they're sick is pushing an experimental, it is an experimental mRNA injection.
It's also something where the term vaccine doesn't necessarily apply.
because it's a it's a direct alteration of your DNA.
And I think that if a lot of people knew what the functionality of the vaccine really was and what was in it, they'd have a lot a lot harder time convincing people to take it.
And obviously we've seen
We've seen studies flooding in, obviously from physicians who have been persecuted and oppressed and censored, but we've seen evidence start flowing in of harm done to reproductive health and to cardiac health and young people, which you would think, even if there was even a whisper of doubt that that would be happening with people, would raise alarm bells.
but it's just complete silence.
And I find it really troubling that there's this complete deliberate ignorance of what's going on and a choice to focus on the vaccine itself and promoting vaccination over everything.
rather than actually considering like doing the job of a healthcare worker and actually considering the person's needs and whether or not they need it and whether or not it's effective and whether or not it can cause long-term side effects.
It's really disheartening.
And I really do hope that at some point the evidence does get reviewed and that lives can be saved because we've seen vaccine injuries, we've seen
like terrible cases and the, and like, you know, like, um, like Mila's story, we don't want that to happen to any more people.
If we could prevent it from happening to one more person, that's, that's the goal.
And it just, yeah, it just, it, it frankly, it makes me angry that this is what we're focusing on in the healthcare field instead of actually caring for people.
It's just, it's unbelievable.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, that's definitely the mentality you're not supposed to be taking as a future healthcare provider and professional healthcare provider.
You know, and going back to what you said a little bit earlier, speaking up and putting your name out and saying something quote-unquote controversial is very difficult and
How do you do that?
And how would you suggest other people go about that?
Because many kids in college and entering their career field are afraid to confront the authorities or go against the grain for fear of being kicked out of their program or what their peers or family would think.
And they're losing opportunities and harming their education.
So from the other side of the fence, what advice do you have for them?
And why is it important to use your voice?

[SPEAKER_02]
Oh gosh, well, first of all, I would just say any young person who's in the situation where they're being barred from their education because of the mandates, my heart goes out to you.
Stay strong.
It's a terrible situation to be in.
My best advice would be to not capitulate under any circumstances, just to stand your ground to hold to your core values and to persist.
which sounds obviously this is easier said than done, but I want to, I want to speak to people just to say it's okay to be scared, but now is not the time to be afraid.
I think standing up for what you believe in and standing firm and standing tall, that is what's going to stick with you and that's what's going to matter because if you allow these people to win, that's
That's a strike against your freedom.
That's a strike against the future of this country.
That's a strike against basically your future and
I would just encourage young people to realize their inner strength and their inner conviction and to, I guess, fight the giant, fight the goliath of the situation, which is big pharma and universities that are capitulating to tyrannical mandates that they shouldn't.
I think that that's really all the advice I can give is just to realize the courage that you have inside of you because there's an infinite supply of it that you don't even know is there.

[SPEAKER_00]
Very well said.

[SPEAKER_03]
Very powerfully said.
Oh, thank you.
I tried.

[SPEAKER_01]
That was great.
Yeah, I definitely agree with you.
And, you know, it's daunting at first, but you get the hang of it and you know how to use it once you start.
And I also want to add on to what you said earlier.
It's also a strike against the values of your career field that you're going into.
I wasn't a healthcare practitioner.
I wasn't studying to be that, but I was studying to be a dentist.
So again, within the healthcare sector.
I believe that one of the main values of our jobs, no matter whether it's speech therapy or it's dentistry or it's an OBGYN or it's a surgeon, is to take your patient and take their medical history, their own personal
what they can accept and what they can accept into your hands while you're making considerations to benefit them and to benefit them solely, not as a group, but as a patient and a provider, that intimate relationship.
And, you know, so if one, you know, start practicing now, right?
My mom always used to say that whatever goes on at home, you know, you bring outside to the world.
So if you practice it at home, then you bring it outside to the world.
So practice using your voice and practice standing up for the morals so that you're not striking against, you know, the values of your career or the values of freedom or even your own personal values.
which are, you know, of utmost importance as a human being, as a life on this planet.
We only get one chance at this life.
So I think that was beautifully said, Chloe, and I just wanted to add on to that since we focus on the topic of healthcare workers tonight.
And, you know, I also would think, what do you think the future of the healthcare industry looks like?

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, first of all, Phoebe, I couldn't have put it better myself.
Thank you so much for adding that on.
That was fantastic.
The future for healthcare workers, that's a great question.
It depends on if the activism that's being laid in terms of the groundwork of
the groundwork of fighting these mandates, if it's successful or if it's unsuccessful.
So we're at a fork in the road where I do believe that these medical mandates will eventually be exposed as tyrannical and they will fall.
I think that that's just the way of the world.
I think the truth eventually prevails.
The question for me is not if, but when.
And it depends on when the when is, if that makes any sense.
Where, at what point in history are we looking at?
And it's tough because
going forward this could really compromise a lot of futures both medically and in terms of their education because obviously if you take the vaccine you're you are putting yourself at risk if you're a young person that's my that's my view and if you refuse your subject to basically like a you know a wall going up around your education so there's
a bunch of different ways this could go.
I think there's a really, really strong incentive for a lot of young people to start standing up, especially because people are starting to realize that not a lot of these mandates make a lot of sense and it's just
not logical and people, if they think about it for more than two seconds, can probably figure out what's going on and think, hey, this isn't fair.
And I think more and more young people are going to start standing up and start realizing it and realizing the strength they have in them.
And I know that it might take a while and what breaks my heart is that a lot of futures might be compromised.
I just hope and pray honestly every day because that's really all you can do is hope and pray that sooner rather than later.
This will write itself, this pretty historic crime will be able to write itself and people will be able to live their lives the way that they see fit and they'll be able to live in a freer society.
So that's my hope.
Thank you for asking me that question because it's a complicated one and I hope I was able to answer that coherently.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, that was great.
I definitely agree.
I'm very optimistic that kind of what I see from like the outside, because I'm not in health care, anything related to health care, I'm a business student.
But like what I see as a business student too is like the morals and the values of a company are always very important.
And so for something like the health care industry, it's going to crumble under its own weight if it continues to go down this wrong path, I believe.
And so, like you said, it's not about if it's going to happen.
It's more about when and how soon can it happen.
I have another question.
Do you know anybody else that's in a similar position as you at your school?

[SPEAKER_02]
I really wish I did.
From what I understand, I haven't heard of anybody else in my position, although I'm sure they're out there.
I have a sneaking suspicion that they might be.
I obviously can't speak with certainty, but it seems like there's gotta be at least one other person, if that makes any sense, who's in my position because I think that there are more of us than people realize.
However,
with going forward and figuring out who's also in the situation.
I do really want to make sure that I reach out to as many people as possible within the school because if there's not anybody in the specific program who's in the situation, maybe there's somebody in nursing
Maybe there's an unvaccinated student who feels like this is obviously wrong and wants to speak out.
There are plenty of ways to figure out where people stand on this, and luckily we've had a lot of support with the petition with undergrad students on campus, which is just fantastic to see.
It's a lot more popular than you would realize.
the desire to tear down these mandates.
And I think that once people realize that opposing this vaccine on the grounds of the evidence of the health effects and the fact that there are no long-term side effects studied,
is not some crazy evil conspiracy theory to be afraid of somehow, which is what a lot of legacy media is pushing.
Just like, if you question this in any way, that means you are bad and stupid.
It's like a constant, you know, it kind of boils down to, it kind of boils down to that, and it's almost like you're getting a constant IV drip of it all the time, and it's just,
It's just unbelievably absurd and simplistic, obviously.
And it doesn't really even reflect what's going on.
But that's basically what people are being force fed all the time.
And I think if people realize that they have a lot more support around them than they previously thought, that's another huge tool of empowerment.
And I hope that we can reach a lot of people at SESU in that way.
We do tabling events where we hand out that petition and explain what's going on.
I really hope to do more of those in the future.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, that's great.
And you're exactly right.
Like there probably are a lot of people even at your school that they're in the same position as you.
They're having the same thoughts as you, but they feel so alone and ostracized by the media and just the industries in general that they don't want to speak up.
So that's why it's important for people to do what you're doing right now and inspire other people to show them that they're not voiceless.
You know, their opinion does matter.
And all it takes is that one person at every campus to be that first person to speak up and make a difference.

[SPEAKER_02]
And that's what you guys are doing.
You guys are inspiring young people every time you come on the show to take up arms and do something.
And that's unbelievably important.

[SPEAKER_01]
Thank you.
You know, I find it so hilarious.
You're actually, you know, learning to become a speech therapist to teach people how to have a voice and how to, you know, get better at using their voice.
So I find that hilarious.
And, but at the same time, I'm just thinking about your story and how bizarre it is, because I recall you telling me that you were, you know,
The clinical program was to work with kids, and that's what you want to do.
And we already know that kids are not in the risk group for COVID, as well as the fact that it's not like, and correct me if I'm wrong, but it's not like you'll be working with folks who are in high risk situations or in dire conditions of contracting something very easily.
I find it so bizarre that they're banning a speech therapist from doing their job and from learning.
It would make more sense to ban the healthcare workers only, those who are in close contact with these high-risk groups, but a speech therapist for kids, that's so confusing.

[SPEAKER_02]
Absolutely Phoebe, that's another great point.
I know that their counter argument would probably be, well, you would probably have some elderly people with, I mean, there are speech
speech anomalies that come with aging and come with Alzheimer's specifically and some other forms of dementia.
And like a faxes is one of them, like not being able to form sentences, not being able to form words, that kind of thing.
So people would probably make the argument just theoretically, if this were to happen, that maybe you would have people, like elderly people coming in.
However,
From what I understand about speech therapy is that the vast majority of the people who come in seeking treatment are young children, usually working what through a speech impediment, like an early speech impediment, like a list or something that you help correct.
And you are absolutely right that children are at, I believe the demographic between zero to, like ages zero to 24, the survival rate is, I believe it's something like 99.9997%.
So I think we can safely say that children are at functionally no risk
And it's another logical fallacy of why would you have to push the vaccine on somebody who's going to be primarily working with children who don't, it's like a moot point.
There's so few cases where that would ever even be relevant.
And of course, the more obvious one too, maybe an even more obvious logical fallacy is that you have
the vaccinated population who have already chosen to get vaccinated and
In theory, if the vaccine is so effective, everybody who has gotten the vaccine should be protected, even if they're around people who haven't had the vaccine, because it's supposed to protect you from the disease.
So the really odd insistence that the disease will spread if literally everybody in the entire world is not vaccinated, then everybody's at risk somehow of people who aren't is
kind of silly you know so yeah that's another that's another thing as well but yeah there's there are plenty of things that just like you mentioned that when you think about it don't obviously don't make any sense and you you gotta I mean if anything when things don't make sense and make sense to do a little bit more digging and figure out why and I don't want to speculate on any motive really but it's just a
It's, it's, it's something that you have to wonder why people are pushing it.
If it, nothing makes any sense, et cetera.

[SPEAKER_03]
It is a great things because people aren't questioning.
All of these mandates and, and the statistics of how many people are getting injured.
like people with no prior health conditions like myself that are suddenly oh my god they're having heart conditions now it's you need to think about these things you need to wonder you need to be curious but they're shutting down anyone who even questions and that's absolutely not right so that's another thing we need to spread we need to get people to start asking questions

[SPEAKER_01]
Yes, definitely.
And it's funny because you can make a whole entire counter argument with just their own points.
Just like you said, Chloe, yes, it's great that, and I do agree that you have to consider, you know, later on in your career, oh, will I encounter elderly patients or patients who are at, you know, at more risk?
But the counter argument comes in with their own point that
if they are vaccinated, then they should be protected.
Right.

[SPEAKER_02]
So who's protecting who?
No, it's all weird.

[SPEAKER_01]
Good question.
So you say that your decision is supposedly will come in at the end of this month.
So if your decision is approved, will you be continuing the program?
What if so it happens that they throw you a curveball and say, hey, we can't take you?
What will you do then?

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, if they accept me, then I will go.
Even though I'm not going to lie, sometimes it's almost like in my head I would be thinking like, you know,
Thanks for nothing that now I lost a year in my education.
Obviously I would still continue my education because that's an opportunity to do so.
The other option I have if this is not accepted and they block me is there is one other program that I am considering which is located in Tennessee at East Tennessee State University that claims to not require the vaccine.
So they're in a similar way.
And apparently the speech language pathology program, it appears that they do not require the vaccine.
So that's another tentative option, but we shall see.
It's definitely very tentative and very up in the air as of now.
So it's definitely an interesting time to be alive because
especially because of everything that's going on and also because it's hard to believe that just because of one little shot, everything is so contentious and so subject to change about life at the moment, so yeah.
Anyway, yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, you're absolutely right.
And hey, even if you get just one dose, that's still not going to be enough.
Exactly.
They're going to require the second one, then the boosters, and then it's going to just keep on going.
It's a matter of conforming to them, not the vaccine itself.

[SPEAKER_01]
Right.

[SPEAKER_03]
So we're going to be wrapping this up.
Is there any other questions, Phoebe, Tice, that we should ask Chloe or anything like that?

[SPEAKER_00]
I don't think so.
I think this is a great show that we did tonight.
This was very informative.
It was great to hear from you, Chloe.
Thank you.
And yeah, we'd love to hear updates too.
Maybe we'll have to have you back on in the future and let everybody know what the results of your exemption requests were.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_02]
That would be fantastic.
Absolutely.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, definitely.
We'll keep in touch.
I think we have some graphics for the upcoming COVID litigation conferences.
I don't believe we're not doing any Twitter space tonight, right?

[SPEAKER_03]
Nope.

[SPEAKER_00]
Okay.
Yeah.
So this month, the 23rd and 24th, there'll be the COVID litigation conference hosted by the SRF.
So if anybody's interested in COVID litigation, you can see all the panels that will be discussed here on screen.
But this is going to be a great, I said the wrong dates.
It's the 25th and 26, but it'll be in Atlanta.
And so anybody that's interested in COVID litigation, I highly recommend you come check this out.
And yeah, just learn about how you can start fighting back legally.
And because we got to do everything we can to get these mandates ended and stop the shots.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yes, we do.
Well, if you found this episode helpful, please hit the thumbs up and leave a comment and share with friends and family.
Thank you for watching the VSRF college edition and have a good night, everyone.
Good night.
