[UNKNOWN]
Thanks.

[SPEAKER_01]
Tonight on VSRF Live, Dr. Harvey Risch joins NICU nurse and vaccine injured advocate Angela Wulbrecht and VSRF Director of Research Lisa Leahy to discuss the next round of COVID, the relationship between skyrocketing cancer rates and the COVID-19 vaccines, and how to restore trust in public health.

[SPEAKER_00]
And now here's your host, Lisa Leahy.
Hey, can I be heard?

[SPEAKER_05]
Are we live?
We've had a little technical difficulty.
Daniel, can you respond?
Am I on stage?
Oh, there we go.
I'm assuming we're live, so let me introduce the show tonight.
I'm Lisa Leahy, and welcome to VSRF Live.
Again, we had some technical difficulties.
Thank you for joining us tonight on Rumble.
We have a very special guest tonight.
It's Dr. Harvey Risch, Professor Emeritus of Epidemiology at the Yale School of Public Health and Yale School of Medicine.
He came out as a leader in challenging the official COVID narrative very early in the pandemic.
And he continues today to be a voice of reason in the medical field.
And we appreciate him greatly for this.
Steve is on vacation still, but he will return soon.

[SPEAKER_03]
In the meantime, we're super thrilled tonight to have our own Nurse Angela join the discussion with Dr. Rich.

[SPEAKER_05]
Most of our viewers know Nurse Angela's story, but for those who don't, Angela was acting in her role as a highly experienced charge nurse of over 24 years when she took her COVID back
early in 2021, eager to do her part.
Are you there?

[SPEAKER_04]
Hi, Angela.
Good to see you.

[SPEAKER_05]
See you.
I just finished.
You suffered an immediate vaccine injury and got excellent care and early treatment, which seems now to be one of the keys in recovering from a COVID vaccine injury.
Don't you think?
Is that fair to say?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yes, I was very, very lucky.
Having worked at big university teaching hospitals, I was taken very serious and
you know, the doctors recognized it immediately.
I had an excellent care, unlike the majority of others, and, you know, fortunately have made a full recovery.

[SPEAKER_05]
Oh, thank God to be here.
God.
One of the most moving parts of your story that you told is writing a letter to your daughter, to your young teenage daughter, a sort of goodbye letter in case you didn't recover.
And it felt like for in those early months that you might not, it was that serious.

[SPEAKER_04]
So it was really scary.
You know, multiple 911 calls, multiple hospitalizations.
I can't even count how many doctor visits.
So I'm just
I'm grateful and I hope that I can bring hope to all those others who unfortunately are still suffering and I won't leave them behind.

[SPEAKER_05]
So we have to keep fighting for them.
Thank you so much for that.
And I'm so excited to get to talk to Dr. Rish with you tonight.
You were recently on with him.
He has a Friday podcast with America Out Loud, America Out Loud Pulse, it's called.
And you were on his show and it was a great interview.
Sort of what was your big takeaway?
What was the thing?

[SPEAKER_04]
Oh gosh, it was, it was such a great interview.
You know, he is a hero of mine.
So first of all, I was so honored to be a guest on his podcast and, um, even, you know, more honored to actually meet him in Connecticut recently.
He came to the screening, um, that Jeffrey Tucker put on from the Brownstone Institute for the documentary.
And it was just so wonderful to see him in the crowd.
of a sold out event.
And, you know, one of the, he's so wise and I can't wait for us to talk to him tonight.
But one of the things that we talked about was, you know, our civil liberties being taken away and violated.
And then the other thing that was, you know, something that really, you know, made a lot of sense to me was the fact that, you know, how many deaths, how many injuries is too many.
We have, we already know we have too many, but
We talked a lot about not, you know, you can't sacrifice for the greater good.
That type of thinking is just wrong.
You know, harming young, healthy, innocent people.
And that was one of the things that I always believed in.
You know, I've taken my flu shot every year working at, when I worked at UCSF, I'm thinking that I needed to do something for other people to protect and help them.
I've always had that mentality as a nurse.
And so maybe he'll touch on that tonight.
If not, I highly recommend watching his podcast.

[SPEAKER_05]
I mean, I think the answer to that is absolutely yes, of course, but not at the expense of one's own health.
You don't injure mothers and fathers so they can't raise their children to protect grandma.
I mean, everything to protect grandma that you can short of sacrificing oneself and one's own health because the
of that go to spread so far, there's like a domino effect.
We have to remind everybody that we are a 501c3 nonprofit and we need your help more than ever.
So many organizations and prominent individuals have moved on from COVID-19 but not VSRF.
We remain constant steadfast and prepared for this next COVID mandate madness.
And in fact, as we mentioned last week, or the week before, I think, actually, the VSRF team is working with a great company now, Patmos.
They're a hosting web hosting company, and we're going to produce a digital guide that everyone can access and it will be updated continuously.
And this is to resist any COVID mandates pushed on us this fall and winter and beyond.
Um, oh, I just lost my, my notes, but so this is great.
So this is another reason to support us.
This is what we're going to be working on a lot in the coming month or months.
Um, month, we need it now.
Um, so thank you for supporting us.
You can go to our website and back safety.org forward slash donate to make a donation.
And another way to support our VSRF live broadcast is to become a show sponsor.
like one of our avid listeners and VSRF supporter Steve Snyder.
Mr. Snyder's sponsorship gift is helping us to cover production and other expenses and enabling us to bring you the show every week.
And we thank Steve very much.
And what about Merck, Angela?
Have you bought any of the new Merck?

[SPEAKER_04]
I have.
I'm actually waiting for it to come.
I always love my mandate hugs because as we know, these mandates for a complete disaster, you know, the lockdowns, the mass mandates, the vaccine mandates, none of them work.
They actually all cause harm.
So if we're mandating anything, it should be hugs instead of
Vaccines and masks and I love I'm waiting for the new March to come in But the ones that I love the most are the ones on the back that say do not comply.
I love this one though I think this was our original defeat the mandates from Washington and it's too hot in California right now to be wearing this sweatshirt but in the winter when I wore it it was always really nice to Like even just walking in stores people would comment on it and I didn't realize you know as we live in California it's very democratic and the amount of people that I
feel the same way we do.
They're just, you know.

[SPEAKER_05]
We had lunch.
Okay, we went to that protest up near you in Northern California.
And then Steve and some others in the movement, we went to lunch and we were wearing our caps and our gear.
And there were maybe two or three young people, waiters, waitresses, other patrons who came up to our table and said, I just want to tell you guys, I love your hat.
I love your sweatshirt.
That was really surprising and super.
Yeah, so we have this, you know, since the fear is back, we have fears back logos or fears back on a couple of shirts and the back says hashtag do not comply.
So I love that.
And we also have I and I will never comply.
set of shirts, both great.
You can find them on our website under shop, on the shop link.
Quick reminder, we'll have our Q&A live tonight, so please put your questions in the chat for Dr. Rish and Nurse Angela, and if you want to make a small extra donation to VSRF, you can always put your question in the super chat, and that costs like a small, there's like a small tip or whatever they call it.
And let's bring on Dr. Risch.
He is a very special guest.
He is Professor Emeritus of Epidemiology at Yale School of Public Health and Yale School of Medicine.
And you recently joined the wellness company as chief epidemiologist.
That's wonderful.
Dr. Risch has published more than 400 peer-reviewed scientific research papers cited by other scientists more than 46,000 times.
Dr. Risch came into the public spotlight early on in the pandemic.
when in May of 2020, he published a paper in the top journal of epidemiology, the American Journal of Epidemiology, asserting that COVID could be swiftly arrested by deploying the repurposed drugs hydroxychloroquine, azithromycin, and zinc to treat COVID.
A month later, he published a lengthy article in Newsweek on the same topic and set his place as one of the great medical heroes coming out of the COVID era.
We'll put links in the chat to these articles.
Welcome, Dr. Rish.
Great to see you.

[SPEAKER_02]
Great to be with you.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
start by saying that I encountered that article in Newsweek in July of 2020.
And it was such a ray of hope for me.
I had been following the work of Dr. Didier Raoult in France in March of 2020.
And then some of the doctors in the alternative medical sphere, Dr. Mercola and some of those were saying, you know, hydroxychloroquine works.
But then to see a Yale epidemiologist published in Newsweek,
it works and we need to start using it and it makes no sense not to was just incredibly inspiring.
What happened to you after you published that?
Did Yale come around?

[SPEAKER_02]
No, Yale does its thing and I do mine.
And it's more like don't ask, don't tell or something.
And I'm fine with that.
I get my freedom to say and think what I believe.
And Yale has its freedom to do the same.
And that's the way it should be.

[SPEAKER_05]
Amazing.

[SPEAKER_02]
So, you know, it's funny that you mentioned that original paper and the Newsweek article because the sense of it at that time in the thick of the so-called emergency was you don't need proof of efficacy.
You only need proof of safety.
You know, if you're not offering something else, there's no
I forget the term, but there's no cost of providing something.
It's not taking the place of something else that would be used instead.
People were being sent home and told to wait and if you turn blue, come back to the hospital.
So there was nothing that it was displacing.
And so there's no reason not to use anything that was safe, regardless of the degree of evidence for benefit.
And that was the first of the many major
irrationality smears of evidence throughout the pandemic that we've all experienced and now we know have been totally plausible, but irrational.

[SPEAKER_05]
Totally.
How was it that you were looking at hydroxychloroquine?
I mean, why did you even, how did you come to write that paper originally in May?

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, like you, I had seen the paper by the IHU group, by Dr. Rowe.
And they actually put enough data on the website and the supplement to that paper that I thought, wait, I can reanalyze this.
I could do it my way, which I think would be better than the way they did.
And I did that reanalysis.
And I came to the same conclusions that they did.
And this was in the context of in March, April of 2020.
I'm a member of the Connecticut Academy of Science and Engineering.
They formed a committee to assist the governor with ideas about what to do for reopening the state after the lockdown.
And so I was on that committee along with another epidemiologist and a cardiologist and a physicist and a jet plane engine designer and a clinical psychologist.
We were all kind of out of the box thinking people.
And so my task on the committee was to look at early treatment.
And so that is kind of how I got to looking at Dr. Ru's paper and thinking about hydroxychloroquine and at that time remdesivir also, but mainly hydroxychloroquine.

[SPEAKER_05]
That's amazing.

[SPEAKER_02]
And I just look at the science.
My job is basically to translate nature into English.
I do the best I can.
And that's everything that I've done.

[SPEAKER_05]
Are you able to, have you been able to be honest with your students at Yale?
Are you able to tell them what you really think and how does it over if so?

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, it's very interesting that Yale puts out a PR, the School of Public Health puts out a PR bulletin monthly with all of the faculty in the news.
And in general, I don't appear or haven't appeared in that because I think mostly faculty members bring themselves to the PR people to show them what they've done and that's how they get included.
And I've never done that.
I just live my academic life and my public life as best I can.
I don't really care who sees me at Yale among my colleagues because most of them probably would disagree with me without having any reasons to do so other than their opinions as they wrote in a letter in Medium that was completely wrong on almost every
grounds, including the fact that my PhD is in mathematical modeling of infectious epidemics, and I'm entirely qualified to talk about drugs in epidemiology, since I've taught about that in a course on litigational epidemiology that covers pharmacoepidemiology.
My specialty has been in research analytic methods for constructing epidemiologic studies and analyzing epidemiologic studies.
And I've done these kinds of studies for 40 years.
And, you know, this is just second nature.
And whether it's an infection or not is irrelevant.
It's the drugs that are being used that's the question.
And that's the standard epidemiologic topic that most epidemiologists can think about and study and weigh in.
As I said, so Yale has freedom of academic thought and the freedom to write and publish and speak your mind on what you think is your best ideas.
And so I did that, they did that.
We were kind of in different worlds, that's all I guess I would say.
Over that time though, so they were in the mainstream so-called legacy media.
I was mostly appearing in the new media, I'll put it that way.
And so the people who followed things in the new alternative media
saw me and came up to me quietly, faculty members came up to me, students came up to me, you know, alumni came up to me, basically all saying we agree with you, this is really great, you should continue to be speaking what you're saying and there's too few of you who are actually just giving rational thought to all the information that's available to be thought about.

[SPEAKER_04]
That's excellent.
I think that's why, you know, one of the reasons why you're you're such a hero to so many of us is because you are speaking out and, you know, having worked at a major hospital, it's like we rely on medical providers to speak out when there's when there's a problem, you you address it and
You know, Yale has actually been doing a study on us, the LISN study.
So I'm part of a study.
I think they've enrolled several thousand vaccine injured where they've taken our saliva and our blood.
I haven't heard, it's been about six months since they did that.
I haven't heard much.
I was really encouraged to know of a big university doing this, but do you have a lot of people that are from these larger universities that are willing to speak out or is it, I just feel like there's so many doctors that I know that know what's going on, but they just,
They don't have, they're not as brave as you.

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, I think it's a problem when people are dependent on grant income from NIH, from drug company funding.
You know, they're kind of told implicitly or explicitly that if you speak out, if you bite the hand that feeds you, you're gonna do damage to your career.
And certainly universities don't like to have threatened their 40 million in annual income from drug companies to do the research.
So everything is captured today.
Medical journals are captured financially, media are captured, you know, everything is... FDA, CDC, they're all captured by pharma money.
The pharma money is immense and that's how they're able to capture everything.

[SPEAKER_05]
When the entries are so clear now and so widespread and like the gravity of the harm seems to be clearer and clearer, it feels like there should come a point where that trumps all of that other self-interest.
I mean, not on an institutional level with captured academia and captured agencies, but
that on an individual level, more and more individuals would just not tolerate being quiet anymore when faced firsthand with some of the ramifications that we're seeing.
But do you find that anybody at Yale or elsewhere, is anybody, are mainstream medical providers speaking up at all more than before?

[SPEAKER_02]
There are people who are flipping sides as they get more hit over the head with the damage that's been caused.
Like Dr. Malhotra in the UK, whose father died after being vaccinated, I think.
He was a vaccine proponent until it kind of hit him between the eyes, you know.
And to the point that when everybody has a friend or a family member or an acquaintance who's been damaged by the vaccines, then everybody knows that it's not all happy, happy, peace and quiet, that there's something going on.
We're almost at that point.
Everybody has kind of heard of friends of friends and things like that, that level.
And the best estimate that I've heard so far of significant severe damage from vaccination is one in 140 people.
So that's at a level which is infrequent enough that most people could say, well, if I have to take the vaccine, I'll just take it because what's the risk of one in 140 to me?
It's not very likely.
So I can make a rational life decision for me and hope that I'm doing the best I can.
But when you apply that one in 140 to 300 million people who do get vaccinated, then you see how many hundreds of thousands of people get damaged
from that.
And the problem is that the flip side of the vaccine is what it's supposed to prevent.
So 1 in 140 people was not dying from COVID or getting severe long-term, you know, long COVID.
And so that's the trade-off.
That's the rational trade-off when you have an objective measure of the benefits, an objective measure of the harms, and then you have to evaluate that trade-off.
And we were always, that information was always suppressed.
That the vaccines were marketed by the government and all the tentacles of the government as being safe and effective.
The safe means that damage isn't at the level of one at 140, it's much less.
And effective means you'll be prevented from getting COVID and so you won't die from COVID and that benefit was oversold.
And so the information in order to make an informed consent
was drastically altered to nudge people in the direction that the government wanted, not in the rational interest of the person making the decision as to whether to get vaccinated or not.
And that's unconscionable, that a government would lie to the population about the information they need in order to make informed consent, where the people are even allowed to have informed consent.
That is not the way public health is supposed to work.

[SPEAKER_05]
Even today, I keep reading stories, and Angela, you probably see this too in the work you're doing, so many stories of autoimmune failure, terrible autoimmune disease.
One today, a young man, a teenager who had a sort of formal course dental surgery
And he reacted by having this severe autoimmune reaction that ended up like his body started attacking his organs and his lungs.
He's had a lung transplant.
And to your point about one in 147 or whatever it is, zero consciousness on the part of his family that this could be from the vaccine.
And
There were some signs that he certainly got the vaccine, a sport he was in or some such.
And his mom said, I don't understand.
He's been perfectly healthy his whole life.
Perfectly, perfectly healthy son.
and lifting weights and playing sports and having lots of friends.

[SPEAKER_02]
As it turns out, those are the people at the highest risk.
The people who are in great cardiovascular shape and they have good, well-developed cardiac muscle are the ones at the highest risk of having cardiac events in their sports and, in some cases, overnight during sleep.

[SPEAKER_05]
triggering an autoimmune reaction, a systemic autoimmune reaction.

[SPEAKER_02]
That's part of the whole picture.
And in fact, Megan Kelly just reported this for herself, that she got vaccinated, had a booster, then eventually ended up with an abnormal test result in her annual physical exam and went to see a rheumatologist about it.
asked the rheumatologist, could this have been from the COVID vaccine?
The rheumatologist said, yes, absolutely it could.
I've seen numerous cases like this over the pandemic.
So yes, these things are all happening.
Everybody kind of knows about it.
This is why I say one in 140 is way too big for a society to tolerate it compared to what the alternative of not having been vaccinated.
Today, everybody has immunity to a greater or lesser degree, whether from having COVID once or more than once, getting vaccinated, or more likely both.
And this means that there is no urgency for anything.
There's no urgency for new variants to be worried about.
There's no urgency whatsoever for new vaccines.
European companies have already put limits on recommendations for people to get boosted in their countries.
And we're still pushing the same cult idea that you should get a booster every year.
Well, you should get a booster every two months or whatever it is that the idea that these
The virus changes, mutates, and that there's something that has to be dealt with every time it mutates is fear-mongering.
It's pure propaganda fear-mongering that is put out in order to
cause people to change their behaviors in ways that they would not rationally do.
And you can understand that the manufacturers are set to release a new booster in another two weeks or so.
And so of course there has to be a fear-mongering campaign now to whip up frenzy so that people will take the new booster.
Because otherwise people will say, oh, why should I bother?
There isn't anything going on.
You see articles in the Washington Post, other places, describing
the slow increases in hospitalizations, which are still quite low from COVID now starting in July, which is not a normal time for that to happen.
Calling this a spike in cases.
Well, it is absolutely not a spike in cases.
It is a low bump.
And whether this will become a major wave or not remains to be seen.
I don't think that it will, but anything is possible.
And this happened before
Kids went back to school.
It's not from kids in school transferring it between people.
It's more than likely that it's from new variants that are very slowly escaping the built up immunity that people have had from the vaccines or from COVID.
Most people today who get COVID again get very mild cases.
There are some who get hospitalized, but that's not so common.
It's mostly just a bad and annoying cold.
in the way that much of COVID has always been.
And so all this fear mongering about it's got 30 mutations and so on is irrelevant because those mutations don't tell you anything about it's...
toxicity of what it's going to do for symptoms and risks.
And it doesn't even tell you how much this substrain is going to spread around the world.
It probably already is around the world because you can't have six or eight unrelated cases, you know, dots all over the world.
It has to come from somewhere.
They don't all occur on their own.
So they have to have a common source.
And that means
it's spread around all over the world already, it's just that it's not causing anything by and large.
So when you test it, when somebody's symptomatic and you test and you find it, okay, so then there's a new case, but that's the tip of the iceberg.
These cases are already out there and there's no major massive wave of sickness and hospitalization from this new variant.
So it's unlikely to do anything different than Omicron has been doing for the last year or so.

[SPEAKER_04]
This thing for me to accept, because I've been believing in our government, the NIH, my entire career, and to realize now that this mismanagement was intentional.
That for me is really hard.
That for me is like conspiracy theorist type thinking.
And to realize that they are pushing these mandates, we're seeing mandates come back with the masks.
They're already talking about how important it is to get boosted, how if you haven't gotten boosted, now the CDC is saying, go ahead and get the previous boosters, even though a new one is coming out in two weeks.
And that's hard for me to accept that this is intentional.
At first I thought, well, there's a lot of things to learn when there's a new virus that comes out.
We do the best that we can.
Sometimes in emergency medicine, like in the ER, things are not so controlled and you just do the best that you can possibly do.
And that was a lot of what many doctors said is, well, we didn't know.
We put people on ventilators.
We gave remdesivir because we thought that that was what we should be doing.
We didn't know, but now we know.
that ventilators and remdums of air kills.
We know that early treatment works.
We know that masks don't work, that lockdowns don't work, that all of this destroys us, and we're still doing it.
So at this point, it's hard to accept that intention behind it.
And it makes it hard to know what to trust going forward.
I don't know how you feel, Dr. Rish, but like for me now, I haven't done the time or taken the time to research, but I'm not for any of the vaccines because now I don't trust.
And I think that makes it really dangerous going forward because if there ever is a big threat to us for something we need to be paying attention to, I don't know if I will believe what they're telling me.

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, I agree with you completely.
I think that right now the discussions that I'm having with all of the doctors and scientists that I interact with is whether in the COVID vaccines, it's the spike protein, that's the toxic part, or the nano lipoparticles, the lipid envelope that contains the spike protein RNA instructions, that's a toxic part or both.
And there's evidence to support both that the spike protein itself binds to all sorts of things.
The molecules of the cells lining the surface of the bloodstream gets into nerves in the central nervous system, in the peripheral nervous system, in the GI tract, in the ovaries and testes.
It kind of goes all over and does its,
negative things to the degree that it sticks to those cells, which it does.
Some of it is that because it can get into the nervous system because the lipids, the fats on the surface of the envelope are able to enter into
the fats which surround the nerve cells.
So it's kind of like an easy portal of entry to get into these places.
And so we don't know necessarily that it's a spike protein in some locations, but the delivery system with this lipid envelope that carries it might be just bad enough on its own.
And this means we need scientific studies that NIH will never do and drug companies will never do.
Studies will never be done that could only show damage.
And this is part of the corruption of the whole system.
This is why most vaccines, as you know, have never been tested against placebos.
They've only been tested against other vaccines because it's the chain all the way back to the original vaccines that weren't tested at all for safety.
And so, and all the smears of saying that in the safety, you know, if you do a randomized trial of a vaccine for efficacy,
If you claim that there's not enough time for the immune system to work until two weeks after the vaccination, then okay, you can say somebody's not really effectively vaccinated for two weeks to see if the vaccine works.
However, that is typically smeared into the safety studies that say that if a person has an adverse event, like coming down with COVID or some other adverse event, within two weeks of being vaccinated, they count as unvaccinated.
That is a pure scientific fraud, sham, that the vaccination state
starts the minute the person's randomized to being vaccinated.
When they get in their car to go get the vaccine or whatever it is they do, they are vaccinated.
And that's when it counts for anything bad that happens.
And as we know from the study, the autopsy study that I was a co-author on that looked at published reports of deaths after COVID vaccination, that three, about three quarters of the deaths
associated with the vaccines, as shown by autopsy results, occur within four days of being vaccinated.
So that means if you're removing two weeks of eligibility after the vaccines for adverse events, then most of the adverse events that are occurring in the vaccinated people are being put onto unvaccinated people.
And so this is another smear method to remove the information showing that the vaccines can be harmful.

[SPEAKER_05]
And I want to go back to the point about sort of the debate about how much of the damage from the MRNA, sorry, from the spike and how much is from the lipid nanoparticles carrying the MRNA.
And there's an article that I always wish, I want everybody to read.
It's about Moderna and it's about Moderna's technology, MRNA technology and research.
And I don't know if Daniel, can you put on the screen, what did I call it, the LNP damage screenshot or something?
Anyway, whether or not he can.
So this article was from September of 2016.
and the BioNTech VP Carrie Koh, she's quoted in there as saying, we think that the mRNA technology is going to be best suited for diseases for which one or two doses is sufficiently curative to avoid the toxicities
from the carrier molecules that we see from multiple doses.
And throughout the article, there are quotes like this saying, they quote various big pharma companies that have just left the space because they were dogged by
the awful, the nasty side effects is one of the quotes, the nasty side effects from the LNPs.
And, you know, I think there's such a push.
I know Paul Offit, you know, he's admitting a little bit that, oh, maybe it's just the spike is bad because they so want to preserve the mRNA platform for future drugs.
So it's much more damning if we come to learn that it's actually those carrier lipid nanoparticles
than if it's the spike because they want to convince us that they could just take another target antigen, right?

[SPEAKER_02]
So the problem here is treating healthy people versus treating people with disease.
If you're using one of these agents to genetically modify a person or to treat a person with a disease that's potentially life-threatening,
then you tolerate the risks of the treatment.
That's normal.
That's normal medicine.
That's the trade-off that people make in informed consent when they have to be treated for something serious.
But when you're applying something that you're giving to hundreds of millions or billions of people who are healthy, who are not facing some kind of serious life choice, then the agent has to be extremely safe.
It's a totally different trade-off.
And again, this is a smear on
the representation of what the agent is.
So an agent that could be very good, like these lipid nanoparticles, that could be very good for treating cancer, say, or something like that, could be the worst for using for vaccines.
And the reason why this thinking doesn't pervade the pharma companies is that treating cancer only gets you a few million patients.
Treating the population gets you hundreds of millions of patients.
And so this is all about money.
It is all about money for them and greed.
And pharma should be tailoring its products to the specific groups who benefit from them and not trying to
push it out everywhere with the government as the enforcers.

[SPEAKER_04]
Right.
Speaking of the, the damages, the cancers, you know, I, we have so many questions from, from people about these turbo cancers.
Um, and it's a very dreaded question.
I never want to ask doctors this because it's very scary for even just normal, healthy people that got the vaccine didn't have a reaction.
And I have so many questions coming in weekly about, you know, I had no reaction, but I'm now worried because I'm seeing cancer all around.
Is there,
Is there things that people you think can do to help mitigate this or what should we do going forward?

[SPEAKER_02]
Honestly, I don't know.
I can tell you anecdotally that a colleague of mine that lives in the Boston area said that he normally has to make an appointment with his cardiologist two weeks in advance.
When he tried now, he said the earliest appointment he was able to get is in April.
Okay, and then another colleague says the same is true for oncology clinics, that you can't get appointments, that they're all filled up.
And this is the kind of the epiphenomenon of damage from some agent, likely the vaccines, just the same way that the morticians were seeing all of these unusual clots and people dying, and the way we've seen all of the young athletes dying spontaneously
just by coincidence, so to speak, you know, in their physical activities.
These are things that should not be happening, but have been happening, are very unusual, all point back to vaccine damage and all being gas lit by the government and the government's tentacles.

[SPEAKER_05]
It's unbelievable.
And then, you know, of course we all know
take away one of the deterrents to creating these unsafe vaccines would be liability.
And so it's just a perfect storm.
There's no liability.
The government is enabling entirely these manufacturers to just have a field day.
And then it's such a boon to medicine in general in treating the side effects.
I mean, as much as these doctors probably feel overwhelmed,
It's unbelievably good for business, I guess you could say, right?

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, that's part of the problem of the medical model where you treat disease and it's most lucrative for treating disease and not for treating health.
And I think that our medical model of kind of capitalistic medicine has served some good in that there's motivation
to develop the best technologies because if you have a better technology you can compete better for whatever it is your technology is going to do and so you get more patients and more payments basically and so there's economic competition based on innovation and development.
So that's good where people can perceive benefits and risks.
Do you know by going and picking a doctor that that's going to be the best doctor for you and you're going to get the best health benefit from that doctor?
There's no empirical information on which to do risk benefit calculations in picking doctors.
to some degree even in picking treatments or hospitals or hospital procedures and so on.
So the economic playing field that balances and enables competition to drive benefit overall is very limited because people don't have the data to be able to rely on to be able to make informed decisions that way.
And so they have to trust in some respects.
And in the trust marketplace,
if it's corrupted behind the scenes, then the economic benefits, the competitive benefits disappear and people get away with what they can get away with because nobody has any empirical data to be able to compare.
So that's been the problem throughout COVID and probably going back to the Rockefeller corruption of medicine and pharma in the first place.

[SPEAKER_05]
I don't know if you had a question, Angela.
I can put mine.
Well, one of my questions, what do we do about the capture of academia?
Because if we could at least have good studies, then that would combat somewhat the misinformation from media and tech and the government.
And pharma itself, but it just seems like I'm not optimistic because too much money.

[SPEAKER_02]
It costs too much money to do these studies.
NIH cannot possibly pay for all this research.
It's dependent on on the.
public private cooperation which is another form of fascism as we've been learning and so that means the funders control all of this and we're we can't get out of that because medical research is too expensive we've been locked into that paradigm because of the expense of doing medical research and
To some degree, when I was doing my cancer research studies, the studies would cost five, six million dollars.
Each would last five, six, seven years.
We'd have great results.
That's expensive already.
You can't have somebody's
you know, private charity for Cancer X, you know, funding you to that amount of money.
Those kind of charities can fund $50,000 studies, not $5 million studies.
So you're stuck with getting funded by either the government or pharma to some degree.
Well, all of my studies essentially were funded by government, by NIH, because they had innovative ideas that were being tested.
That was my role is to come up with the way cancer works, study it epidemiologically.
That's what I did.
I had great studies, you know, some really nice papers and that was very productive for the career and that's how science is supposed to work.
But that was because there was no financial interest.
that was apparent in what I was studying.
So studying the risk factors for pancreatic cancer isn't developing new products to prevent people from getting pancreatic cancer because that barely exists.
The risk factor for pancreatic cancer is not smoking and having the right blood group, ABO blood group.
you know, some of the major things that we know of.
And so there's no big money in that.
And so I kind of got left alone.
But things that have big money riding on the results of studies become totally different and get politicized, have gigantic career interests, people battling at all levels of the scientific food chain up through who's approving them at NIH and the review panels that decide on which studies to fund and which ones not to fund and so on.
And that's where all of the corruption
has its greatest risk and part of the problem of the research that gets done.
So I don't really know a good way around this other than to remove the connection between pharma and NIH, and pharma and FDA, and pharma and CDC.
All of those connections have to be severed.
And the people at the top of the government regulatory agencies need to have incentives
not to go out into the private pharma business as soon as they change jobs.
And we have all these bad incentives and that's the problem here.
So we need to be able to insulate the tops of the regulatory agencies and presidents can do this.
that each president gets about 4,000 appointments throughout the regulatory state.
And that could go a long way in cleaning up the tops of the government three-letter regulatory agencies would include help a lot.
It might not be perfect, but it would help a lot to reorient that.
And even President Trump, when he tried to do that, barely scratched the surface in that.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, OK, take it back to the people then.
So like that whole process, you know, it's going to take a while.
We have to get the right people in office.
What can we do like this fall?
You know, what can we do?
Do you think when we face increasing pressure to get boosted, you know, we see schools closing, we see mask mandates coming back slowly.
In your opinion, let me just answer my question.
give us an example and then I want your answer.
Vinay Prasad of UCSF came out with a sub stack yesterday saying, as a form of peaceful protest, don't get tested for COVID.
Don't submit your results.
Don't communicate about COVID to the schools.
Basically, let's just not play along and then the rates will stay low.

[SPEAKER_04]
Malone said the same thing today in his sub stack.
He said,
You know, do not comply.
Do not, if they tell you that your kids have to wear masks to school, tell them that you will not be sending your kid to school until they drop that mask mandate.
We basically, we the people have to, we have to be the ones leading it.
And, you know, one of the things I know that we can do is we can contact our senators.
There's a senator in Ohio, a Republican Senator, JD Vance, who is,
pushing for legislation for, it's called the Right to Breathe Act.
And so even just calling up your senators in every state saying that you're supporting him in this and that we will not take these mandates back with these masks because we know, as you know, Dr. Rishi, I think you did a interview about how ridiculous, you know, it's like having a chain link fence, you know, mosquitoes.

[SPEAKER_02]
That's right.

[SPEAKER_04]
I love that analogy.

[SPEAKER_05]
So we just have to not comply.
Your plan, is that what you would suggest too, Dr. Risch?

[SPEAKER_02]
I think it's a little more subtle.
I think that I agree that peaceful noncompliance in every way that people can is the answer.
But everybody needs a plan B.
They need to be able to cope with their life in order to do that.
They need workarounds for everything they choose to do.
I've said publicly a few years ago already that if my children were in public school in California and the state was mandating
COVID vaccination, I would pull them out and home educate them.
And people thought that this was too dramatic a step, but at that time I knew already that 10% of the general population is already homeschooling, that there were already teachers who had lost their jobs because of not being vaccinated and were looking for work.
And you can create pods and there's all sorts of resources for teaching for homeschooling out on the internet.
So this is something that
Many, maybe not all, but many people could work themselves up to do by putting in the effort by pooling their resources, hiring a teacher to teach 8, 10, 12 kids, you know, and managing this as best they could.
And that's how you just say no.
That's how you don't comply by having alternatives that become workable.
They might not be your first choice.
but you have to think of the greater good for yourself and your family that you're accomplishing by doing that.
And so if you can contrive workarounds for the positions that you want to take, that's the best way to do it.
So you don't comply and you have the ability not to comply because you can do these other things.
You know, as Malone says, you know, plant your own victory garden, grow your own vegetables.
You know, I mean,
grow your own chickens.
I don't know how far to take this.
We're not at that stage yet, but who knows where we're gonna be in another year or two.
So everybody needs planned workarounds, and that's how you don't comply is by being able to not comply.

[SPEAKER_05]
I love it, yeah.
Hey, I wanna get to some audience questions.
There are a lot, so let's dive in.
I have to look over at this other computer, because my whole technology setup here is different than expected.

[SPEAKER_04]
from Karen Stewart, who's actually live streaming right now on Twitter.
What is it about the well-developed cardiac muscle that puts them at highest risk, these young people?
Why is it happening to young, healthy people and not older, more fragile people that already have cardiac disease?

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, I think it is happening to them, too.
It's just that it's less noteworthy.
But in particular, the people who've got enlarged heart function because of their physical activity, not pathologically enlarged, but muscularly enlarged.
have cardiac ability that those people have gotten to that state by pushing their cardiac capacity, by working to do as much cardiac exercise over their physical activity regimens for years, probably, as they can.
And so they're used to being in a state of very high cardiac output.
And the problem is that
The clotting, the micro clotting that the spike protein can do when it clots an area of a tissue that has a gigantic oxygen demand.
So you can imagine that cardiac muscle.
is requires a lot of oxygen in order to function effectively.
That's why we've got all the arteries and arterioles going all around the heart to supply a massive amount of blood.
The heart and the brain are really very massively blood supplied because they use up so much oxygen.
you've got this muscle that is very sensitive to the oxygenation.
And when a clot forms in one of these little teeny arteries in the heart, then that creates a scar, that the muscle tissue local to that little artery dies because it doesn't get oxygenated.
It's being used in a very strong way for all the exercise.
And so it dies and creates a little scar.
The scar might not be very big.
So that in and of itself,
isn't enough to limit the ability of the heart to pump the way these physically adept hearts can pump.
But what happens is that the electrical impulses from the heart travel through normal paths throughout the heart, get to the heart muscle, cause a simultaneous contraction of the heart muscle that creates the impulse for the pumping.
And one of these scars causes the path of the impulse to change
kind of by accident, then it can set the heart on an alternative heart rhythm.
that doesn't allow the heart to pump.
It doesn't make all the muscle fibers contract in unison.
And so it sets up what's called an aberrant rhythm, like ventricular tachycardia or fibrillation.
And then the heart is quivering rather than beating.
And that's a risk factor for a sudden death.
And that's the likely mechanism.
I'm not a cardiologist, so I can't speak to that detail so much.
But my general impression is that these aberrant rhythms that happen
infrequently, but can happen, happen at times when people are exercising and that puts them at great risk of an arrhythmia, which is what we see in these cases.

[SPEAKER_05]
Here's another question, a health question.
Sophia 77 asks, have you ever heard anything about the dangers of misfolded proteins and resulting prion disease?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yes, but I don't know enough to speak about it for COVID and the spike protein.

[SPEAKER_05]
All right.
Does Dr. Rich believe vaccines change our DNA?

[SPEAKER_02]
There's a lot that's changed our DNA.
We've lived through evolutionary times.
And if you look at the DNA and the genome,
of the three billion bases of the genetic code, you'll see that there are lots and lots of what's called junk DNA.
And these junk DNA segments are viral-like segments of viruses that we have fought off in the ancient past and have gotten their DNA codes into our DNA.
And we don't know that they do anything bad.
If this keeps happening, you know, in another 100 million years, we might have too much DNA to carry around to be able to survive.
But I'm going to leave that to our future generations.
So we do know that these things can reverse transcribe.
The fact that viruses do it means without carrying the enzymes for doing the reverse transcription from RNA to DNA,
means that it happens endogenously and so the vaccines could do it too in theory.
And then it's just a question of how often this happens and is it just random haphazard that these little stretches of vaccine reverse transcribed RNA into DNA go into random places in the genome or and is that damaging because there's so much genome and so few
real genetic sequences that most of the time it's gonna incorporate into some old viral junk DNA anyway, and so we don't really worry about it anyway.
These are all unknowns.

[SPEAKER_05]
Okay.
I mean, aren't you instructing for spike, right?
So it's not like those instructions get carried over into the DNA, because DNA is not instructions, right?

[SPEAKER_02]
No, the DNA is instructions.

[SPEAKER_05]
So could you pass on to a baby
instruction in the baby's body, DNA that tells his body to make spike protein?

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, it's not likely to pass the entire genetic code of the vaccine intact.
More than likely, little broken segments of it will end up going in in random places.

[SPEAKER_04]
Okay.
Dr. Laura, I'm Dr. Rich.
Are you seeing private vaccine injury patients through the wellness company?
If so, how is it going with the backs injured or are we seeing success stories?

[SPEAKER_02]
So I myself am not in medical practice.
after medical school, I didn't do clinical work, I did in medical school, but then I went and did my PhD work in epidemiology and infectious disease.
But I can say that a great focus of the wellness company has been to look at long COVID and long vaccine syndromes.
And some of the products, the supplements that are sold are
were aimed theoretically with some empirical evidence to support their use for treating long vaccine syndrome and long COVID, in particular the natokinase-based supplements and some of the others.
Now, I can say that our clinicians who have been treating long vaccine patients are seeing some benefits on
symptoms in patients who've been on these supplements for a month, two months, three months.
And it's not just my colleagues who maybe have a financial interest to say that these things are working.
I've had reports from other doctors who have said that I had a patient
who very healthy, physically active person had a pain in his leg and said, I know this is a blood clot.
I don't get pains in my legs.
So we went to the emergency room and after waiting there for seven hours, they eventually confirmed that he had a 12 centimeter blood clot in his leg about six months, nine months after being vaccinated and the doctor
got the patient onto natokinase and in a month that clot was all gone.
Oh, the person was given anticoagulants for treatment and made the clot worse, longer.
So then he was switched off of that and put on natokinase and the clot was completely gone in a month.
So this is all anecdotal evidence.
It's exciting to get invested in that, but I have to admit it's still anecdotal.
We're compiling patient records to look at case series of people, how many have been treated, how many improve, and what time course, what time frame.
And, you know, I'm hopeful that this is going to show benefit for treating these things that are aberrant clotting-related.
pathologies that the natokinase, which is a kind of enzyme, actually, even though it's an enzyme, some of it still does get absorbed through the digestion, digestive tract, and so still does have an apparent benefit on these kinds of clots.

[SPEAKER_05]
Great.
Well, one of the questions from Dr. Laura for Angela on the same topic, more or less, is can you share some of the specifics of what you think helped you most to recover from your injury?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, I think actually Dr. Rich asked me the same thing, and I think that's one of the great things that, you know, the doctors at the wellness company, they do look at patients and see what worked for you, what didn't work for you, what did you try that made the biggest difference.
And I think, you know, for me, getting that early care was key.
Um, back then, you know, I was one of the first to be vaccinated being, you know, in the medical field, I was able to get it, you know, within a couple of weeks of the vaccines coming out.
So there wasn't, um, that many vaccine injured that we knew about at that point.
Um, but because they recognized it as a, um, you know, what they thought was like an immune, you know, hyper immune reaction.
Um, and I actually fought with them.
I said, I don't want, I want this vaccine to work.
I really wanted to be vaccinated.
Um,
But they said, you know, you are definitely having a hyperimmune reaction.
We are going to put you on steroids right away to keep the inflammation down.
You know, that in the beginning, because I was so, so sick, that really saved me.
I think those first couple of months, but really doing things to lower the inflammation.
You know, I did a lot of IV vitamin C. I was really fortunate that I actually had mainstream doctors that were my primary care doctors for years.
They put me on ivermectin.
I got put on hydroxychloroquine early on.
And this is before like Dr. Corey kind of came out with it and they started talking about it more as kind of a
taboo drug, I was already on the medication.
So I was on ivermectin within months of being injured.
I was also on hydroxychloroquine.
A great rheumatologist in the Bay Area said, you know, I think this could potentially be putting you into an autoimmune state.
I don't know if this is going to work, but it's not going to hurt you.
And so he put me on hydroxychloroquine.
I did the high dose vitamin C. I did a low histamine anti-inflammatory diet.
And then what got me off the cardiac meds
was actually going into a fasting facility where I had about 40 different doctors watching over me.
And I did some longer juice fasting and several like longer couple of days, three to five day water fast.
And that really, I think helped reset my immune system.
I don't recommend people doing longer fasting without supervision.
So it's not something that I go tell people to do.
I think that Dr. Corey and Dr. Merrick's work on just intermittent fasting is great.
you know, shortening that window, giving your body time to promote autophagy.
But yeah, those were kind of the main things that I did that were key.
And the earlier you treat a disease, the better.
So I think that's why it's so imperative, especially with the boosters coming out.
You know, people need to know we need to treat this very early on if people get injured and hopefully we just won't have that much of an uptake of the vaccine.
I really don't want to be seeing more vaccine injured.
It's already overwhelming as it is.

[SPEAKER_05]
Oh, thank you for sharing that.
A couple more questions for Dr. Resh.
It's Resh, right?
Not Resh.
Correct.
We have a person here, Polkodots, and he knows someone who's in the hospital now.
They received a CT scan and die and remdesivir around the same time.
The person is having some kidney damage and is being told by the hospital that it's the dye that has caused the kidney damage.
Is there any way to know whether?

[SPEAKER_02]
Remdesivir is now classically a cause of kidney damage.
The dye can do that, but I would say you need a nephrologist to evaluate all the particulars in the lab tests, but it's entirely possible the remdesivir contributed.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
Okay.
Um, another question about, about, um, shedding, is there a risk of shedding or infection contaminating me if I am intimate with a vaccinated person?
That's from John Doe, 007.

[SPEAKER_02]
So there is a risk of shedding of the, um,
The vaccine product, the spike, there's not a risk of shedding the vaccine itself from what I can tell.
The point of the vaccine is to make huge amounts of spike protein that the immune system finds intolerable in response to.

[SPEAKER_00]
Right.

[SPEAKER_02]
But that spike protein could come out in bodily body fluids, including sweat and so on.
And so because of that, in fact, Pfizer and its guide to physicians usage of the of the vaccine says in one section that pregnant women who were exposed to a recently vaccinated
spouse should report that if they have any changes in anything that they note, the potential of shedding, they should report that to Pfizer.
Not that that does anything except go into the garbage can, but anyway.
So they admitted that there was a potential for shedding.
I don't see this as a major issue, although I've heard reports of women's menstrual cycle changes
caused by their partner's recent vaccination.
I don't think this lasts for very long.
I don't think the shedding lasts for very long, even though one can keep the spike protein in the body for six months or more, as we now know.
But even so, I don't think the levels are high enough at that point.
They're high in the first few days to week or two weeks maybe after the vaccination.
That's when the shedding seems to me more likely, but anything's possible in medicine, so it's hard to know for sure.

[SPEAKER_05]
This is my question.
When they're testing and finding spikes still in the tissues after such a long time, is that just from the original spike that was instructed for after vaccination, or is it because somehow these lip and nanoparticles carrying the instructions stick around for a long time and continue instructing for more spike?
You know what I mean?

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, I think once they get into cells, the machinery gets in operation and keeps making a spike.
And I think that's the main thing here.
That's what it's calculated to do.
And of course, they loaded the RNA instruction with one of the genetic letters, the basis of the RNA, to be non-degradable because
RNA is degraded by enzymes, and the enzyme is a lock and key system that recognizes exactly the RNA and takes it apart.
And you put an aberrant letter in it that the enzyme can't take apart, and so it leaves the RNA intact.
And so they did that in order to prolong how long the RNA would stay around so that it could make lots of antibodies.
But unfortunately, it stays around way too long.
It was a misjudgment on the manufacturer.

[SPEAKER_04]
They saw through one last question for dr. Rish because I know he's got a brownstone event this and you you are so dedicated I mean you you've been in podcasts and being interviewed all day today and then you're here with us and then you're going to a brownstone event I just it you amaze me you really You're you're such a warrior in this.
It's it's just an honor to be here with you a last question is
What's the approximate, this is from AM1001, what is the approximate timeline post shot whereby one can connect the health issue with the vaccine?
For example, is two and a half years post shot too far out for an autonomic disorder to be related?

[SPEAKER_02]
So that question is a subtle one.
And the answer is, if it's a common adverse event,
then it has to be very close to the time of vaccine in order to be a believable signal that it happened from the vaccine.
If it's a rare event, like something that happens in one in a million, then even if it's a year or two later, it's still possible.
And the numerical trade-off there is very difficult to know.
And this is one of the ways that all the gas lighting has been facilitated because it's hard to prove vaccine damage when you get out beyond a few days.
One can do it, but you need autopsy information and very careful testing.
You need to look at the damaged organs, look for the particulars, look for the spike protein embedded in the damaged organs and things like that in order to
conclude that the vaccine was responsible.
And that's on autopsies.
You can't do that on living patients very well.
And so it's very hard to make these proofs, which has always been the way that the manufacturers and the FDA and whoever have gotten around the problem of damage from vaccines is by asserting that you haven't proven that it's caused by that because there can be such long timeframes.
It's very difficult to prove.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
We are seeing this huge increase with these young people
dying suddenly, that is not normal.
I mean, yes, there are cardiac events with young people.
In my 17 years, and I was in charge of pediatrics at UCSF, I didn't have one cardiac event other than a softball hitting a young boy in the chest or drowning, that sort of thing.
I didn't have just a random person, young, healthy person just dropping dead.
And here in Sonoma County where I live,
We've had a couple.
We had a 16-year-old boy who died and is on his autopsy.
We had a seven-year-old little girl who died from a cardiac issue a couple of days later.
So, you know, seeing these very unusual things, seeing young, healthy people die, I mean, they really need to be taking a look at that.

[SPEAKER_02]
That's right.
They need to be doing autopsies.
This is the way they get away with it, by not doing autopsies.
My whole experience over 30 years at Yale and eight years at University of Toronto before that, I only knew of one young colleague who had died from a sudden cardiac event.
And that was like 15 years ago.
And now, you know, of all the people I knew, you know, not just at Yale, but every person I knew in my entire community of friends and acquaintances and colleagues and coworkers and everything, that was it.
And now, of course, it's everywhere.

[SPEAKER_05]
How quickly people have amnesia and it becomes normalized.
It's sort of like now is the time and people just take for granted that this is happening and they forget to compare that, that never happened.
You know, it's just, it's stunning.
I have to get in one last question you guys, cause it's from the super chat.
Your thoughts, Dr. Rish on glutathione slash GSH.

[SPEAKER_02]
Um,
Actually, I'm coming up with nothing much to say about it at this point.
People might think that I like to promote supplements because of my association with a wellness company, but in fact, I may be the conscience of the wellness company.
I'm a supplement skeptic.
And so I need to see real evidence that things work or have reason to believe they work before I will advocate for them.
So this has kind of been my position and all along, and there are very few things that I will, you know, advocate for.
Vitamin D, of course, is one.
The medications, the outpatient treatment medications, you know, we've spoken about for the last three years or so.
And the supplements that Brownstone has on its website now, you know, I haven't looked at all of them, but the spike protein one and some of the others look pretty good from the evidence that's there.

[SPEAKER_05]
All right.
Great.
All right.
Well, with that, we'll wrap it up.
Thank you so much for joining us.
Really appreciate it.

[SPEAKER_02]
Great to be with you.
Thank you for having me.

[SPEAKER_05]
Behind everybody, just for a second, you have a Friday podcast on America Out Loud.
It's called Pulse.
You're there every Friday and it's on- At 5 PM.
Yeah, 5 PM.
Thank you.
And you can find it on various platforms, Apple podcasts.
What are some of the other platforms?

[SPEAKER_02]
It usually gets populated in a permanent home on America Out Loud, forward slash pulse, sometimes Saturday afternoon, evening, or maybe Sunday.
So if you miss it in stream, you can always listen to it later.
And I try to put a link to everything on my Telegram and Twitter channels.
Telegram, I'm Harvey Risch, MD, PhD.
And Twitter, I'm Dr. Harvey Risch, DR Harvey Risch.
So you can find me or just Google Risch and Yale and all that stuff comes up.

[SPEAKER_05]
And you have a new book.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yes, Canary in a COVID World.
I have a chapter in that.
That's also a very interesting book, covers 30 plus people's experiences during COVID and thoughts about it and very informative.

[SPEAKER_05]
in the chat for that as well.

[SPEAKER_04]
I think Steve is in that book as well.
Yeah, great.

[SPEAKER_05]
All right.
We'll close up with just a few announcements.
Thank you both.
Thank you so much.

[SPEAKER_00]
All right.

[SPEAKER_05]
See you next time.
All right.
So we have been live streaming the show on Twitter and Twitter Spaces.
Dr. Rish, as you've all heard, has another engagement to run to with the Brownstone.
with Brownstone.
We probably will have just a short conversation over there following the show.
And join us next Thursday, September 14th, exclusively on Rumble again.
We'll be discussing presidential candidate Robert Kennedy Jr.'s position on key issues with leaders from his campaign.
Special guests are Mark Gorton, Super PAC.
Sorry, he's the co-founder of
What is it called?
American Values 2024.
That's a super fact.
And Tony Lyons co-founded American Values 2024 with him.
Lyons is the publisher of Sky Horse Books and has published several Kennedy books, including the real Anthony Fauci.
And finally, not least, our good friend and anti-mandates warrior, Michael Cain, will join us, all three.
He's the founder of Teachers for Choice, and he's the grassroots organizer for American Values 2024.
We'll leave you tonight with this short video clip of the new CDC director, Mandy Cohen.
She's giving some very confusing advice about vaccination against COVID.
We're not endorsing her advice and instead suggest that you consult with a trusted medical provider.
Thank you everyone and have a great night.

[SPEAKER_03]
Should I get a COVID vaccine now?
So until the fall updated vaccine is available, and like I said, that will be coming in middle of September, those who have never been vaccinated and then some people who are older and higher risk for a COVID infection might be best to get the existing COVID shot now and not wait.
The most important thing is talk to your doctor or your nurse practitioner about what's right for you.
It's important to note that if you do get the current COVID-19 vaccine now or in early September, it could delay your ability to get this updated vaccine that's coming out in the middle of September.
So again, talk to your doctor or nurse practitioner.
