[SPEAKER_04]
you

[SPEAKER_06]
I can't see myself now.
Great.
How's that?

[SPEAKER_00]
Well, it's just the two of us now, apparently.
Can you hear me?

[SPEAKER_06]
I can hear you very well.

[SPEAKER_00]
You see anybody else?

[SPEAKER_03]
Ever since they sold out Rolling Stone All the words that were sung in the past Will never feel the same when we're looking back All the old men sitting in their make-up chair With their gold record walls really couldn't care All the fame feels the same when you've had enough So they don't buy their standing up
ever since the 60s kids grew up all the drugs and the girls and the cash after all the songs it was gone in a flash all those bad boy rebels in the attitude what a show we didn't know that none of it was true only self-serve anti-establishment we were
blue since lost its soul
no one's stuck around for the protest yeah all the stars and the big farmer whores chilling for a check from their corporate shores all the actors say what they're paid to say while the
Those cool fools that were me and you Well, they pushed us all away Because there ain't no rock and roll And the blues has lost its hope All the punks gave them in control And every punk star's bawling
no queen never was a rage against the damn machine no there ain't no fighter in the foo no more rocking in those free world shoes all the house from Neil Young wannabes yeah their silence has been different
The suits lick the boots of the government What they sang they never meant Because there ain't no rock and roll And the blues has lost its soul All the punks gave the man control And every punk star's falling so low
Perhaps the most important slide of my talk is the next one, which is the evidence-based medicine triad.

[SPEAKER_06]
a very elegant analytical framework we use for teaching and practicing medicine.
So as a clinician, as a doctor, what I want to do is to improve my patient outcomes.
What does that mean?
Treating illness, managing risks, and to relieve suffering.

[SPEAKER_01]
VSRF Live.
That was the new single from Five Times August.
There ain't no rock and roll and he's going to be a guest in a future episode so look out for that.
Tonight we are very excited to be talking with our special guest Dr. Asim Malhotra.
He's a renowned British consultant cardiologist who has become a global leader in the movement for genuine good health and well-being.
A brief thank you to a sponsor of today's show, one of our avid listeners and VSRF supporters, Steve Snyder.
Thank you for all your support, Steve.
I want to remind everyone that we'll have our live Q&A later in the show, so put your questions in the chat for Steve and Aseem and write question, all caps, and so our team can see it and I can get them and we'll try to get your questions answered.
And if you make a small donation by using the Super Chat feature as well, we'll try to do our best to get your question answered.
So first I want to bring on our co-founder, Steve Kirsch.
Welcome to the program, Steve.
How are you this evening?
You're muted, I think.
Still muted on that button.
I'm still good.
I should be good now.
Yeah, you're much better.
All right.
How are you doing this evening?

[SPEAKER_00]
Very well.

[SPEAKER_01]
Excellent.
Excellent.
Well, I'm going to go ahead.
I know you're very excited to talk to our very good friend, Aseem.
So I'm going to bring him on and get right to it.
Welcome to the program, Aseem.

[SPEAKER_06]
Thanks, Livio.
Great to be here.
Great to be chatting with Steve again.

[SPEAKER_01]
I'm going to read your bio real quick so people know, but you are a leading advocate for the COVID-19 vaccine and even took the shot yourself in early 2021.
Later, you bravely expressed concerns and then opposition to the mRNA vaccines to their potential link to serious health issues.
You're also an author and world renowned health expert in the prevention, diagnosis and management of heart disease.
You're the founding member of Action on Sugar,
and the leading campaigner highlighting the harm caused by excess sugar consumption in the United Kingdom, particularly its role in type 2 diabetes and obesity.
You've become one of the most influential and effective campaigning doctors in the world on issues that affect obesity, heart disease, and population health.
You're not just a cardiologist, you're a man who wants to change the world one meal at a time,
by not just rocking the system, but by rebuilding it.
We're lucky to have you, and I'm humbled by your credentials.
I'm going to take off, but I'll be back for Q&A, and I'll let you and Steve have at it.

[SPEAKER_06]
Thanks, Livia.

[SPEAKER_00]
Thanks, Livia.
So Dr. Malhotra and I have been friends for a long, long time.
And he used to be a good guy in the eyes of the public.
He would be out there and he'd be pushing the vaccines on TV.
He was, for those people who've never heard of Asim Mahatma before, he was kind of like the Sanjay Gupta.
What Sanjay Gupta is to the US, he's like the, you know, the doctor in the UK that everybody trusts.
And then he came out and discovered his, his father died from basically heart disease, but his, your father was your father and a cardiologist as well?

[SPEAKER_06]
No, Steve, he was a general retired general practitioner, but he was also the honorary vice president of the British Medical Association.

[SPEAKER_00]
Okay.
And as his cardiologist son, you knew that he was in excellent health.
He died and he died under very, very mysterious circumstances because he had several blocked arteries, which would normally be impossible for a guy with his medical history.
And in fact, I was just talking to Bob Snow and he said, you know, Bob Snow had cardiac arrest.
He's an American Airlines pilot who
nearly died after landing a plane.
And he was saying that, hey, he had a perfect, perfect medicals.
And all of a sudden, he's, he's now got this cardiac arrest out of nowhere.
And so what you did is you spent about six months researching it.
and came to the conclusion that this was not a freak accident.
This was the vaccine that caused your your father's death.
And then you took several months, I think, what, maybe like six months or four months to write a couple of papers.
It was published in a journal of some insulin insulin resistance journal.
And probably because nobody else would would touch the truth.
And so I applaud you for doing that.
So my first question is, you were a hero in the UK.
How are you treated now by the mainstream media?
It's great questions since you can't since you came out.
Yeah, and said, and started speaking out about what's going on.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, it's interesting.
I mean, I've been a public health activist for quite some time, well over a decade, and a lot of the way that I get my messages out around issues around sugar or obesity or heart disease or over-medicated population was through mainstream media, but predominantly I do most of my advocacy work primarily through medical journals and have written for various journals, especially the British Medical Journal and their associated journals.
And on this occasion, when I published in Journal of Inter-Resistance, interestingly, I chose this particular journal for three reasons.
One was it doesn't take money from pharmaceutical industry.
And I think one of the things that we're going to highlight and I think people need to understand is that medical journals are businesses.
And this comes back to understanding the root cause of the problem.
So this journal doesn't take money from industry.
from Pharmaceutical History.
It was a journal that is open access.
A lot of these journals, when you try and click on, you know, read articles, they're paywalled.
I wanted this to be free for people to read, for anyone to read around the world, doctors, members of public, policymakers.
And the third reason was that it was probably the only journal that was going to allow me to write ultimately, which was almost 10,000 words in a two-part piece, because I felt that I needed to explain that my story, the story of my father was contained within that, but look at the totality of evidence on benefits and harms of the vaccine, you know, as free from commercial bias as much as possible, and then offer the solutions and also explain to people how we got this so wrong.
So that's really what those articles were about.
Yeah, it went through a very rigorous peer review process.
I've never had an article peer reviewed so rigorously in my life.
But that was a good thing, because actually, Steve, it still stands to scrutiny.
There's not been any significant rebuttals in any scientific journal.
there's not been any cause for retraction.
I mean, it's pretty extraordinary.
And it's had a big impact in the sense it's had several hundreds of thousands of downloads, which is unusual for a medical journal article.
And that article itself is still carrying weight around the world through, you know, platforms that I'm using to speak to international media, to members of the public.
And I think the biggest hit we had, as you're well aware, in January this year, was me going on the BBC to talk about statin drugs and heart disease.
And I said, we can't ignore the elephant in the room, which is the fact that we have the best quality available evidence to show that the COVID mRNA vaccines are a likely significant contributory factor, to put it scientifically, to these excess deaths.
And that, just on Twitter alone, Steve, that had almost 25 million views, which people have said is almost as much as many people who watch the BBC coverage of the Queen of England's funeral.
So that tells you the reach that that interview had.
And we are where we are.
And now I'm here in the States, you know, chatting to you and looking forward to very much what I think promises to be the most important
health event of the year, probably in the world, in the United States at the end of October in San Jose Civic, and looking forward to trying to explain to the public and doctors the root cause of the issue and then what we do moving forward to really fix a broken system of American healthcare.

[SPEAKER_00]
Awesome.
So for people who wanted to check out the article, the title of the article is curing the pandemic of misinformation on COVID-19 mRNA vaccines through real evidence based medicine.
And there's a part one and part two of that.
It is amazing to me that there are no calls for retraction for that.
And I'm curious when you say when it went through the peer review, did the peer reviewers actually be constructive in terms of saying, hey, you missed a comma here or you needed to insert an explanation of this?
Were they helpful comments?

[SPEAKER_06]
There were constructive comments.
I think they were very meticulous.
They were hard taskmasters.
They wanted to make sure the wording was as precise and as scientific as possible and kept with the totality of the evidence.
The Journal of Interresistance, interestingly, goes through a double-blinded peer review process.
What that means is neither the peer reviewers nor the authors
know each other.
So reference to my father in there had retracted his name, for example.
And that just tries to enhance the, you know, the ritual that's involved.
Absolutely.

[SPEAKER_00]
No, that's awesome.
And you've also given presentations all over the world on what's going on.
And you talk about this willful blindness
of the medical community and you've put together just a remarkable presentation.
I guess it's an hour long presentation that you've given all over the world and what's been the reaction to that?
Where have you given it and what's been the reaction and how many people have actually seen it live?

[SPEAKER_06]
Wow, I think in terms of seeing it live, we're talking about thousands, probably well over 10,000 people for sure.
I've given this lecture in London, I gave it in Dallas, certainly a shortened version of it.
I've been to Scandinavia, to Sweden, to Norway, South Africa, India, Australia, New Zealand.
But the one we're planning certainly here is going to be, I think, bigger and better in the sense that there is some new information that's going to come into that, which is, and I'm not going to give too much away, but I think one thing that I've realized, and I think there's very good evidence to tell people this, is that there is a specific reason
which people are going to be shocked by, why we went from, and it isn't just about the issue of money, there's something more to it than that, why we went initially from offering this particular vaccine to high-risk and vulnerable people, to not just offering it to low-risk people, but to then mandates.
There's a specific reason, and it's pretty shocking, and it's based upon historical precedent.
People need to be aware of that.
It's had great reception, Steve.
I see myself as a medium for a collective message.
We're all interacting with each other, we're all supporting each other, we're all sharing information.
I've learned a lot from your substacks and in your advocacy as well.
I think it's a big team effort.
I just see myself as one player in this team.
But the reaction, Steve, invariably is extraordinary to the talk, to the information that's given.
Literally every single event has had a standing ovation.
But for me, I think what was most reassuring is that I gave this talk to some very eminent doctors in one of India's most prestigious hospitals in Bombay.
And they didn't know what they were in for because the title of the talk was really about the hijacking of space medicine.
And I threw in the issue of the vaccine in there, the COVID vaccines.
And there was a pin drop silence at the end.
The lead in the hospital
for infectious diseases who had a big role in the rollout of the COVID vaccine in India was predominantly AstraZeneca.
But a lot of these things are quite similar in terms of the misinformation and the suppression of free speech, et cetera.
she got up at the end and basically said, I now realize why one of my colleagues had a stroke a week after having had the COVID vaccine.
And the response from the audience and from senior doctors there were, okay, wow, now it makes sense, the penny drops, Steve.
So I think the reason I'm saying this is I think if people are in a position where they wanna sit down and just listen, you get them to sit down and listen for now, that's a hard part, but walk them through.
I think from one aspect, I think what makes them maybe a little bit more open to me
is because I was somebody that had two doses of the vaccine.
I reassured the public that it was likely to be safe.
and then had to make a U-turn when the evidence, when good evidence changed and emerged, including part and part of it was also the inquiry specifically into why my dad died.
Although, to be honest, I was already getting suspicious of what was going on before my father died because I was looking at old WhatsApp messages between him and I.
And I remember because he was actually very pro, obviously, the vaccine rollout, he was honorary vice president of the BMA.
I'm a very wise man, but that just shows you that I think some of the most intelligent people, and still some of the most decent and intelligent people have completely been brainwashed or indoctrinated by the narrative.
He had asked me to delete a tweet, Steve, probably about six weeks before he died, where I had basically said that this vaccine, I'd used quite strong words, I won't repeat them now, but asking young people and certainly people under 18 to have this vaccine was, in my view, something
pretty awful.
And he asked me to delete that tweet.
So I had already got to the situation where I thought, hold on, something odd was happening before he died.
And of course, once he died, and I couldn't figure out why he had two severe blockages and three of his coronary arteries, evidence had emerged to show a mechanism of harm of how the vaccine accelerates coronary artery disease, which is very prevalent in the population anyway, undiagnosed.
And that's probably what happened with my dad.
Yeah, I think, you know, we're not just fighting for people's health and for transparency in medicine.
I think what all of the response to the pandemic has shown is that we have, I think, the situation where democracy has been under its greatest threat more than ever.
And we're fighting for redeeming the soul of many countries.
I mean, I think, as I said earlier today on the high wire,
I remember watching a documentary where Martin Luther King and his movement said that he was part of a movement, including with Robert Kennedy Sr. and probably JFK, to redeem the soul of America from racism, poverty and war.
Now, many of those issues still remain, but what I'm trying to do is actually redeem the soul of medicine.
because much of what's happened during the pandemic has shown that the unfortunately medical authorities, and I don't think they've done it deliberately, I think there's a willful blindness going on, I think they haven't realized that they have abandoned the principles of medical ethics, bodily autonomy and form consent.
And in my talk, which I give, I explain how exactly that's happened.

[SPEAKER_00]
So let me just say a word on informed consent, because informed consent means also that there's no coercion to take the vaccine.
And so the people who are going and getting these vaccines, like Captain Bob Snow, for example, he got the vaccine because it was jab or job.
and he had a family to support.
So he was coerced into taking it.
He didn't want to take it.
And that's a violation of informed consent.
He should not have been injected.
And these companies shouldn't have coerced these people into getting an injection.
Don't you think that its jab or job is coercion?

[SPEAKER_06]
Oh, completely.
Absolutely, completely, totally unethical.
But Steve, what's interesting is by the time the mandates were introduced, we already had good evidence that it wasn't stopping infection or transmission, and there were already reports of serious harms.
So the question is, how have we gone from that situation to a coercion and mandates?
And again, I'm gonna explain that in my talk, which I haven't done yet, but I'm gonna explain that in my talk in San Jose, and people need to realize what exactly happened here.
But I completely agree with you, and that's why also in my paper, I talk about real evidence-based medicine.
It sounds strange, it sounds so controversial.
If people ask, what is Assim advocating for, I'm actually advocating for something called real evidence-based medicine.
I mean, that is really controversial at the moment, Steve.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.
Well, let's talk about the event on October 18th.
It'll be in San Jose at the 28th.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_00]
What did I say?
Oh, I said 18.
Sorry.
Yeah.
20.
20.
It's the 28th.

[SPEAKER_06]
Saturday, the 28th.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_00]
Saturday, the 28th.
It starts at noon.
San Jose Civic Auditorium.
You can get your tickets now.
They're putting up the little promo for it.
You can also find it on my Twitter feed if you have to dig down a bit since I've been pretty active on Twitter.
And then after that, the evening of October 28th, Seem, will you be joining us at the RFK event?

[SPEAKER_06]
Absolutely, of course.
Yeah.
So I'm glad you raised those two events, Steve.
So the first one is a not-for-profit event.
It's not a political event.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr. is speaking because I think he's somebody that can offer a perspective and political solutions to these problems around big food and big pharma.
But the evening event, which is separate, is, of course, a specific fundraiser for Robert Kennedy Jr. at a place to be specified.
And, of course, it'd be great to get as many people as possible to come to that as well.
and I will be there, absolutely.
And I think people need to realize that we're part of, I think this is...
I think the people in this movement, Steve, are absolutely on the right side of history with this.
But we can't now sit back and just expect the authorities and the government to solve this problem for us.
This needs to be a grassroots movement.
And what we will be highlighting in our talks is how people can be empowered, what they can do, and how we can help change this broken system and fix this broken system.
And some of the other speakers involved obviously are big important names.
Dr. Vandana Shiva, who's an environmental and food activist from India, who was named by Time magazine as an environmental hero many years ago.
She's been named as one of the most seven most influential and powerful women in the world.
an amazing voice and we're really glad that she's coming from India to speak.
Dr. Drew Pinsky is going to moderate.
He's a household name in the US and I think a perfect person to moderate in terms of, you know, introduce the talks, but also we're going to have a debate and discussion with all the panel members, which include myself and Anna
and Robert Kennedy Jr. And of course, a couple of surprise guests, which I think at least one of them is going to be jaw-dropping for the audience in a good way, that we've managed to get this person to speak specifically around the issues of what's going on in terms of the corruption of government, et cetera.
But yeah, very excited, Steve, that this is happening.
And the more people that come, the better.
We could create a great atmosphere there.
The capacity is about 3,000 people.
So I think people should get their tickets, because I think it's probably going to sell out pretty fast.
And we take it, we keep moving forward from that.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.
Is there a way for David to post the URL for that?
So people, I'm not sure if it was on the screen at all.
I know that the details were, but Olivia, maybe you can chime in.
Where do people go for that?
You can do it on my Twitter feed if you can find it, but are we putting it on the VSRF homepage?
I guess he's not there.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, one of the things that Steve as well, people want to if David just put it in the chat, the link.
Oh, great.
So go to the chat.
It's great San Jose theaters dot org, backslash event.

[SPEAKER_00]
Great.
So
I was just talking to Pierre Corey about the fact that there don't seem to be any debates, that all of us on the side of these vaccines are not safe, would love to have a public discussion with people who disagree with us.
But the people who disagree with us don't want to come to the table.
And he mentioned that Professor Byron Bridle
actually had such a debate just a week before, and he had it with Dr. Matt Strauss, and Strauss used to be public health authority, one of the public health authorities in Canada.
She's not anymore, but Strauss is actually not quite so far from
Professor bridle in that Strauss said look, you know, these mask mandates were silly vaccine mandates are silly.
It's unethical to to have mandates for these interventions that people should not be coerced and so forth.
So
even though they were on opposite sides of some of the issues, they actually agreed on many of the points.
And for that, I applaud Dr. Strauss for coming on and saying that essentially that the medical community was wrong.
And that was like a two and a half hour debate.
And I'll be posting it on my sub stack.
I'll link to it so people can see that.
So but the other interesting thing is that I talked with Byram after the debate.
And it turns out he sent me an email like three months ago.
And it's a paper that was published in 2019.
So it's before COVID.
And it basically, so it says, oh, misinformation about vaccines.
There should be public discussions.
And if you don't show up at the public discussion,
You're actually doing a disservice and you're helping to spread misinformation.
So here it is in the peer reviewed literature.
They did experiments and they showed that if they want to stop misinformation that you need to be, you need to show up at a public event because if the other side shows up and you don't show up,
the other side wins the or the side that shows up wins.
And of course, and then they said, but if you can, if you can basically refuse and get the event canceled, then that's even better.
Right.
But the right.

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, that makes us very interesting.
That makes sense, Steve.

[SPEAKER_00]
Right.
So the point is that these people have been using the excuse that, well, I'm a scientist, and real scientists debate things in papers.
We don't do spectacles like public discussions.
And this peer-reviewed paper says that you need to do it.
And so the reason they're not doing the public discussions is because they will lose.
So my question to you is, do you oh, there was another thing that Strauss said, which I thought was was interesting and self deprecating.
At the very beginning, he said, you know, when I enrolled in med school, they said that they told me that half of the information that they would give me in med school would be disproven by the time I graduated from med school.
half of the information.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, that's a quote from David Sackett.
So it's 50% of what you learn in medical school will turn out to be either outdated or dead wrong within five years of graduation.
The trouble is nobody can tell you which half.
So you have to learn to learn on your own.

[SPEAKER_00]
Right.
Right.
Exactly.
So this brings up the question that today, if I asked you, are the COVID vaccines dangerous?
you would say today, absolutely, unquestionably, no doubt about it, not going to get a COVID vaccine, not going to happen, right?
But is it possible in five years that that could be reversed?
And I'm just saying that to ask the devil's advocate question.

[SPEAKER_06]
I think we're in danger of making it too black and white.
So what I would say is it's important to try and be more precise as a doctor, rather than say a drug is good or bad.
What we need to do is break down the information, the best information we have, so that we can try and help patients understand the benefits and harms.
Because no drug is completely safe.
Steve, you know.
So what I try to do certainly in my paper is to explain what the efficacy is certainly now, and it's very, very poor.
I mean, we're talking about having to vaccinate thousands of people to potentially prevent one person being seriously, you know, hospitalized with COVID versus a harm rate, which is at least constant and seems to be at least 1 in 800, probably going higher.
And when you put that together and you give that information to a patient, of course,
the overwhelming majority of patients would choose not to take that particular drug, but in this case obviously we can apply it to this vaccine because it doesn't stop infection.
And that's the way I would approach it, Steve.
But in terms of the evolution, I mean, it would be the first time ever where we've got a drug where the harms appear to be quite clear and then suddenly it gets safer.
That doesn't seem to make any sense.
So I think what happens is it's more the case of a dogma that's been accepted
a consensus of opinion, let's put it that way, that's accepted on a product, and then that, or disease even, like for example, I've been very heavily involved in trying to shift the paradigm of the understanding of heart disease.
For decades there's been an obsession with cholesterol lowering.
William Roberts, the former editor of the Journal of the American College of Cardiology in 2011, wrote an article entitled, It's the Cholesterol Stupid.
And he said, verbatim, you can be an obese diabetic sedentary smoker, but as long as your cholesterol is low enough, you will not develop heart disease.
That has been completely disproven, right?
But he said that with Doblin.
So this is how things evolve.
And I think Steve, it's unlikely that we will find, to be honest, the direction, unfortunately, and you've been very heavily involved in looking at this data, which is unfortunate, is it seems that only more and more, unfortunately, more serious harms and unknown harms are coming to fruition or being exposed to these COVID-19 vaccines.
Now, I'm someone that had two doses,
I also think about myself, and I think that overall, I would like to think, and I think there's evidence to support that most of the serious harms happen within the first few weeks to months, because we have to try and be honest with patients as well.
Except one condition, which for me is the most concerning, is the fact that it seems to be causing an acceleration in underlying coronary artery disease, which means that people will likely suffer heart attacks or cardiac arrests for years to come prematurely.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, so if I were to ask you, and we're going to get to questions in just a minute, if I were to ask you the question, do you believe that the COVID vaccines have killed more people than they've saved or saved more people than they killed on a pure mortality basis?

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, I think I would argue that the mass rollout to the whole population, in my view, has done more harm than good.
And I've been very clear on that.
I think we can look at that even from observational data.
The fact that all-cause mortality and excess deaths are through the roof in many countries throughout the world that are heavily vaccinated tells us that the intervention itself has not reduced all-cause mortality.
So you can make the argument that it's done more harm than good.
I think you can also make the argument, Steve,
that if, and I think there's a fair argument to be made, that early on, at the very beginning, during the first waves, maybe with Delta as well, for the elderly, for the over 70s, there was an overall net benefit.
Now, I think there's a good case to be made there.
However, I will caveat that with the fact that if there was informed consent, where we knew there was at least a 1 in 800 chance of harm from the original trial data, 1 in 800 chance of serious harm,
Patients would not take it.
That's one thing.
Most of them would not take it.
The second issue is, I think if the public and the media were aware that we had a serious adverse event rate of at least 1 in 800 in the short term, at two months, I think it probably would not have passed the approval process.
It would not have been approved for a single human.
I hope that helps answer your question.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, there was 1 in 800 in two months, right?

[SPEAKER_06]
Exactly.
In a specified group of people, they were the least likely to get serious side effects because the design of the trials traditionally, which are controlled by Big Pharma, is to get participants in those clinical trials the least likely to suffer side effects.
So that means it's at least one in 102 months.

[SPEAKER_00]
Right.
And what would be the, if they were given just a saline shot, what would be the number of SAEs in two months?

[SPEAKER_06]
Oh, well, this is one hundred for the same group over over what would have been just a sailing shot, for example.

[SPEAKER_00]
OK, but what is it?
Is that a proportionally like 10 percent more?
Is this like 50 percent more, 60 percent more, 100 percent more?

[SPEAKER_06]
I can't remember the exact relative risk figures, Steve, to be honest.

[SPEAKER_00]
Any final
Thoughts that you want to give to the audience before we get to the Q&A in terms of messages you want to deliver?

[SPEAKER_06]
I think the messages, I think what's happened with the COVID pandemic, Steve, is just a symptom of the system failure.
It's highlighted structural failures that have existed and been getting worse for decades all over the world.
More so in the United States, because I think you have a much more corporatized system over here.
I think the exertion of power of Big Pharma and Big Food is bigger in the United States more than anywhere else.
And what's happened as a result, and this is something that needs to be understood properly and discussed, is that smaller and smaller government in many ways has been responsible for this unchecked power of Big Pharma.
And we need to get to the roots of the problem to understand where this started to go wrong for American health care and the fact that how the pharmaceutical companies got so much power and the fact that also people need to understand that their primary interest is profit.
They're not there to, you know, their main interest is not to keep you healthy.
And the Nobel Prize-winning economist Milton Friedman, who was behind the current economic system in a way, the brainchild of the neoliberal economic system that was promoted by Ronald Reagan, actually said, and this is something that audiences get gasped at when I tell them this, in effect he said it is immoral for big corporations and big companies to put people before profits.
Think about that.
Let me repeat that.
The brainchild of the current economic system said it is immoral
for companies to put people before profits.

[SPEAKER_00]
Well, I guess they've been following instructions.

[SPEAKER_06]
It looks that way, doesn't it?

[SPEAKER_00]
All right, Livio.

[SPEAKER_01]
Questions.
Fantastic conversation.
I know you guys go out for a long time, but I know you got to go.
I seem so I'm going to run to the audience questions, set mine aside.
And our first question is from Dr. Salibi, who was our guest last week.
And he wants to know where was the IRB the institutional review boards on the vaccine research project known as the COVID shot?

[SPEAKER_06]
I'm not even familiar with what IRB is.
It's the first time I've heard of it.
I don't know if you know, Steve.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, no, no, it's the clinical trials.
It's the institutional review board in a clinical trial.
And I think his question is, what were these guys thinking when they looked at the data from the Pfizer trial?
Why didn't the IRB halt the trial?
Because the IRB basically looks at the interim results.
The researchers can't look at it, but the IRB gets to take a look at it.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, my guess is, Steve, looking historically at this, is that the problem is that the drug companies control the data.
And often, the data behind a clinical trial, for example, was published in the Journal of Medicine behind Pfizer's trial.
will be likely tens of thousands of pages long.
And because of the rush and because of the fact that they maybe also had a big blind spot, Steve, and I can say that from a personal perspective, like I have, you know, I
I still have a belief and a strong belief that traditional vaccines are amongst some of the safest pharmacological products.
It doesn't mean that they're completely safe, but we've got serious adverse event rate in the public literature of other vaccines of about one in a million.
I think that because of that blind spot as well, that made the situation worse.
They couldn't believe the possibility of a vaccine causing all these systemic harms.
And I suspect they were willfully blind to that data or they missed it because it was just too much data to look through.
They didn't think
that it was going to be possible that it would cause serious harms and therefore they were just concentrating on efficacy.

[SPEAKER_00]
Let me just say that I may have misspoke because there's a data monitoring committee which is the actual committee that looks at the data the IRB is responsible for overseeing it and for approving the stopping conditions and so forth.

[SPEAKER_06]
Steve, I suspect that none of these people are independent of industry funding.
I stand to be corrected on that.
But if you look at the FDA, for example, they should have been doing their job properly.
65% of the funding of the FDA comes from Big Pharma.
In the UK, our MHRA, the equivalent, has 86% of its funding from Big Pharma.
So these so-called regulators that the public would hope and doctors would hope would be independent are far from independent.
They have those financial ties and it's a massive problem.
And again, this is a result of Ronald Reagan's policy.
Instead of government funding these regulatory bodies, they let them be funded by pharma.
This is let the market rule and let's deregulate.
But you're basically deregulating what I've described as psychopathic entities.
And it's like, in a way, I'm trying to find the right analogy, but... Fox is guarding the hen house.
Well, the closest I can get right now, Steve, when people talk about what do we expect of our government,
In a way it's like saying we've got more serial killers on the loose and the solution is less police.

[SPEAKER_01]
What's that saying?

[SPEAKER_06]
This is exactly how big corporations have exerted their power from this propaganda, this ideology of less government.
It's not about less or big government.
It's about strong government.
It's about government doing the right thing for the interests of people in society.
That's what we need to be talking about here.
And part of doing the right thing for interests in people's society is to protect citizens from disease and from the excesses and manipulations of big food and big pharma.
And they have failed miserably, but this has been incrementally going in the wrong direction for decades.

[SPEAKER_00]
Absolutely agree hundred percent.

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, this leads right into this next question from Badger Patriot What will it take to remove these bio weapons from public use?
They're using the word pilot bio weapons, but the mRNA

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, great question.
Yeah, I wouldn't use that word bioweapons, but I think that what's happened here is this has been a major screw up.
And what's happened is it's just been the dissemination of this product has been
purely done for profit motive, despite the major screw up.
But the problem I've got as well is that even when, as we had the data of serious harms and what we've been advocating for, the medical body should have, you know, they should have just put their foot down and said enough is enough.
I mean, in fact, to be honest, one study alone should have been enough to cause world news and stop the vaccine rollout.
And that was a reanalysis in the journal vaccine by independent researchers, not novices, very eminent scientists.
who found that the original trial data suggested it was always going to do more harm than good for most people.
And that should be enough to stop this vaccine rollout.
So what will it take?
Well, I think that we just keep moving forward.
I think we can't be apathetic.
We have to have hope.
Certainly the dissemination of the truth is increasing.
We know in the United States, my understanding is that people who are who are going for covid boosters are apparently in the single figure percentages.
That for me tells me that there's a big disconnect between what's going on with what the medical establishment or certainly the government are telling people and what the people are doing.
And I think that in part is because of what's happened.
Everybody probably knows someone has heard of someone who's been vaccine injured.
I think one of the good things is that COVID certainly has evolved into a very mild virus, thank God.
It's no worse than probably a cold right now.
I think that also has made people feel more wary about having the vaccine.
But also, I think that the work of people in alternative media, including the likes of Joe Rogan, for example, who are allowing discussions to be had from people who are going against the conventional wisdom or the conventional narrative.
Certainly, what that tells you, Steve, is that
Words are very, very powerful.
Historically, it only takes a few people to be dedicated to the truth and then articulate it for it to emerge.
And that's what we're doing at the moment.
And I think we just keep moving forward and this bubble will burst.
But we can't stop.

[SPEAKER_01]
We go to the next question, which is, well, I'm going to follow up with this one.
And we talked about this before the show from Michelle, Michelle Rabin.
How long should an unvaccinated person avoid a person who has just who was just boosted?
Can you explain how, why about shedding occurs?

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, I think there's a lot of, well, one, I can't, you know, the shedding stuff essentially suggests that in bodily fluids, that, you know, maybe spike protein from the vaccine, whatever else can affect other people.
I mean,
I don't have an answer to that question.
I personally don't think there is any reason to avoid someone who's been boosted if you're unvaccinated.
I think that's your choice.
If evidence emerges that tells us a more precise answer for that, then fine.
But there isn't anything that, for me, suggests that there is an issue.
I also would devolve to greater expertise in this particular area, who is my good friend Peter McCullough.
I've asked him this question.
Peter himself is not concerned.
Of course, shedding may be occurring, but he doesn't feel that it's a risk to anybody.
I stand to be corrected on that, but I asked Peter McCullough this specific question.
That was his answer.

[SPEAKER_01]
Thank you for clarifying that.
I know people that are getting boosted, so I've heard lots of different stories about the shedding.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, I mean, I've heard enough stories to that make me believe that there's a lot.
There's there's definitely something going on there.
You know, these stories, these anecdotes, there are too many of them.
They're not they can't happen with the frequency that they're happening if there wasn't something going on there.
The other thing that goes kind of along with shedding of it, that's kind of this rumor that always goes around is graphene oxide in the
In the vials and the people that I've talked to say that that there is no evidence of that.
There's lots of other stuff In the vials, but vaccine graphene oxide is not your problem But speaking about what's in the in the vials a seam.
Are you concerned about?
about what is in those vials and the long-term consequences, and does this integrate, do these mRNA shots integrate into your DNA?
Because I asked Robert Malone the question, I said, you know, there's people saying that, hey, this thing is going to integrate into your DNA, and it's going to be passed off to your offspring, and so forth, it could be a disaster.
And I said, what would it take
for me to go and do gene sequencing to find out if, for example, I am my DNA is altered.
And he said, well, you'd have to sacrifice your deltoid muscle for that.
And I said, I think I'll pass on that.
But he said that the better way to do this would be to do it in
like non-human primates or other animal species where you can do the test, look a year later or two years later or so forth.
In other words, do the studies that nobody has ever done to find out whether
these things can permanently damage you but hey it's safe and effective and so you know this is this is medicine flying by the seat of our pants this is this is absolutely nuts that people that these medical authorities have put this technology that's never been deployed on human beings with has no long-term safety i mean it it is insane am i overreacting

[SPEAKER_06]
No, I understand your anger, Steve.
And, you know, around the DNA issue, yeah, I think Robert's right.
We need more data on that.
It's difficult to know for sure.
Again, I'm somebody that's had two doses of the vaccine, so that's something that would concern me.
But I think even if it doesn't get integrated, what does it do?
So there's one question, does it get integrated?
The second question is, does it mean anything?
Does it actually cause any adverse outcomes?
So those are the questions we don't know the answer to, unfortunately.

[SPEAKER_01]
That leaves if you got time for another question, a seam from me, me Waco.
Are you taking any supplements daily to detox the toxic substances from the COVID shots in your body?

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, I know.
So it's interesting you've asked me this question.
So pre pandemic, sorry, at the beginning of the pandemic, I was very outspoken on the issue of linking the COVID virus with adverse outcomes in relation to one's metabolic health.
And that's something I'll be talking about again in San Jose in a few weeks.
And what we know now is that, and the reason I'm telling you this is that 90% of the deaths that happen from COVID globally happen in countries where more than half the population are either overweight or obese.
And of course, the United States is one of those countries.
The reason I'm mentioning that is there seems to be quite a clear pattern that the increased risk of serious harms and death, not for everybody, but there was a correlation, appears to also be in those people that were at risk from COVID in terms of relation to their body weight, et cetera, excess body fat.
And if you look at excess deaths around the world, just to give you an example, although it's higher than it should be, one of the lowest excess deaths around the world is countries like Sweden.
And the reason for that is that baseline health was already healthier.
So I think one of the solutions, and I've been managing vaccine-injured patients as well, is actually let's not forget about this is the best time for us to improve our lifestyle and get help with making sure that we are managing body weight, we're eating real food, we're avoiding ultra-processed junk, which is unfortunately 60% of the calories in the American diet.
I mean, most people don't even realize that eating ultra-processed foods becomes so normalized.
This is what people should be doing primarily.
So for me personally, no, I've not done anything specific.
I've always been, you know, I've always had perfect metabolic health.
I practice what I preach.
And it's probably why I also probably didn't luckily have any significant.
I did have one vaccine injury, which I, I'm not ready to discuss yet.
Um, it's not related to the cardiovascular system, but I will, I will, I will in due course, I will come out with that.
Um, and I did tell Joe Rogan that I probably experienced clinical depression within a few weeks of having had the vaccine.
I didn't realize at the time and it was probably linked to the vaccine.
I had extreme fatigue as well.
I didn't leave my house.
You know, I'm a very active guy and I just had no energy.
I couldn't get off the couch.
So I probably had a vaccine injury.
Certainly that's one of the vaccine injuries I had.
But in relation to coronary artery disease, for example, I think if people's baseline, they've got completely clean coronary arteries, and they may not know that because they're already metabolically healthy, which unfortunately is only one in eight American adults, by the way.
So it's only a minority of American adults are actually
In what we would say, perfect health.
I mean, this is just a terrible indictment on what's happened to the American population over decades because of these manipulations of big food and big pharma.
I had a CT corneandrogram done because I had chest pain, which ultimately turned out to be musculoskeletal.
And that was completely clear, you know, and that was 18 months after having had the vaccine.
And my inflammatory markers were all normal as well.
So, you know, with everything you do, you have to balance the benefits and harms.
And, you know, I spoke to Peter McCullough as well about this, about whether or not I should take his supplements for whatever, you know, so-called detox, in quotes.
And he basically said that, Noah Seem, if you haven't got any major issues, clearly there is no reason to take anything.
And I think that's important because some of these supplements may cause harm in certain people and if you're otherwise well and you've got no major issues then I wouldn't suggest you need to take supplements.
But if there is an opportunity for you to improve your lifestyle, whether it's about doing more activity, whether it's going for a brisk walk every day, whether it's starting meditation, whether it's focusing on your sleep, whether it's improving your diet, then absolutely.
And of course, I will be giving people those tools and presenting the evidence on what that actually means more specifically in San Jose at the end of October.

[SPEAKER_01]
They certainly make it very difficult at the grocery store since probably 99% is processed foods and not real food.
And that probably hurts.

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, that's why you see governments need to be involved in creating a healthier food environment.
This isn't going to be an issue of personal responsibility.
It has a role to play.
We need to empower and educate people.
But ultimately what's driving most of the unhealthy lifestyles or this chronic disease is unhealthy exposures.
It's exposure to environmental toxins.
And those environmental toxins include ultra-processed food, which is heavily available, cheap and heavily marketed.

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, I know you've got to run, but you're working on a film as well.
What's the status of your film?
How's that going?

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, it's going great.
We're actually doing some filming this weekend in Boston.
We're going to Harvard.
We're interviewing some big names, some eminent names when it comes to medical research and drug industry manipulations, and then interviewing some people in Stanford next week.
So we're in the process of still making the film.
I think it's going to be very strong.
We've got some very credible people, including, I won't name that person yet, but we interviewed the former editor of one of the most prestigious medical journals in the world.
and gave us information on camera, which I think people need to hear, which is going to be jaw-dropping for them around trusting the trust in medical journals.
Yeah, absolutely.
It's called First Do No Farm.
It's crowdfunded.
We're still short of hitting our target to make a very high quality production.
So we will be, you know, I might be showing the trailer during the promotional video during the event anyway in San Jose, but yeah, we still need to raise about 350,000 US dollars to try and hit the target so that the quality of the production is as best as it can be.
But we've got a couple of months to get there.
Hopefully we'll reach that.
We'll probably need some big donors to come in, but I'm confident we'll make it.

[SPEAKER_00]
So I've got a question before you go.
Peter Attia's book has been on the New York Times bestseller list for a while.
Have you had a chance to look at that at all?
Because he talks about the importance of APOB.
And he also says that, hey,
You know, if you can't get to your goals that statins are a viable alternative and I'm going like whoa A lot of people I know say stay away from statins They're they're gonna be do a lot more harm than good And so I was really surprised when I saw the this mention of statins in his book.
So I'm curious Yeah

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, I wouldn't be able to give you an informed comment on that, Steve, because I've not read the book.
But in general, what I would say is this is, again, something we're going to talk about in our documentary.
There is a problem and obsession with biomarkers.
There's a great paper actually in the BMJ called Idolatry of the Surrogate.
And what people need to realize is human bodies are not like machines.
But what's happened is you find a biomarker that has an association with disease, and then you presume automatically if you change that biomarker with a drug, it's going to benefit you.
But what we do know about statins I can break down irrespective of the biomarkers is that the benefits certainly for people who haven't got established heart disease, who haven't got severe blockages, who haven't had a heart attack,
are no reduction in all-cause mortality, you're not going to live any longer, and at best give you a one percent chance of benefit in preventing a non-fatal heart attack or stroke over five years.
So this is the information that needs to be provided to patients.
If you are altering a biomarker, and medicine is an art as much as a science, then you should tell the patient that and say, listen, there's a biomarker in the blood that concerns me, I have this drug that can change the biomarker, but best case scenario for you is a one in hundred benefit, what do you want to do about it?
If that information isn't given, then you're not fully informing the patient, Steve, in my view.

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, thank you.
Thank you so much for your time.
Uh, just want to remind everyone that we hope to see you at the conference in San Jose at the reclaiming food and medicine, ending corruption and chronic disease.
Get your tickets.
They're going to go fast.

[SPEAKER_06]
And the number one health event in the world taking place in San Jose, Northern California, wherever you are, come along.
You won't be disappointed in RFK junior.
I'm really looking forward to hearing him speak as well, because I think
He's the one person by far that understands the roots of this problem and knows the political solutions moving forward.

[SPEAKER_01]
Absolutely.
Totally agree.
Thank you.
Any parting words for Aseem, Steve, before I send him off?

[SPEAKER_00]
Oh, it's always a pleasure to talk to you, Aseem.
You know, for some reason, I'm only able to get people like you and others who agree with me on this show.
People who disagree with me, they never show up.
But you've been
It's it's always great to see, you know, like you and John Campbell, like John Campbell started off, he's like promoting the vaccine and he's saying it's safe and effective.
And then he's looking at the data and he's going like, oh, that's that's not good.
And now he's pissed.
Um, he's really, and you're good friends with, with, with John.
I, you know, and, and so, you know, I, and I used to ignore John because he was like such a, he was so blue pill.
And now I'm, I'm like, Hey, John, he's so awesome.
And, and, you know, I'm always proud of people who basically realized they made a mistake and wow, he's, we, he would, he was just de-platformed.
Uh, I seem just cut out here.

[SPEAKER_01]
We lost his camera.

[SPEAKER_00]
Man, oh, man.

[SPEAKER_01]
OK, well, thank you, Asim.
We'll see you in San Jose.
Yeah.
All right.
We lost him.
So true about about Dr. Campbell, how he fully came back around to or came around to follow, follow the evidence, no matter where it leads is when he puts in his background.

[SPEAKER_00]
Got to give the guy credit for it.
You know, at first I thought there's this guy is just not going to figure it out.
And but he did to his credit.
I mean, I just wish that all doctors in America were as smart as John Campbell.

[SPEAKER_01]
Right.
Yeah, that they actually can admit that they were duped or they were wrong and then actually proceed accordingly.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.
Yep.
Campbell did exactly the right thing.
I mean, you know, he was, he was, you know, trusting these people and to his credit and, and it seemed exactly the same thing.
And I have a lot of respect for people who do that.
And now, you know, of course we have this, this situation in Israel with Hamas.
And it's almost like this replay of what happened with vaccines.
And it's like, once you learn your lesson with the vaccines about listening, make sure you hear from all sides of the argument on these issues.
Because I heard this interview that was pretty popular
Brett Weinstein is interviewing this Israeli journalist or she calls herself a journalist and she
makes this explanation about here, here's what's going on, and so forth.
And then I talk with my friends in Israel, and that's not what they say.
Really?
Yeah, and then I try to get Brett to say, hey, I think you should talk to my friend, Retzef Levy, who has a different point of view, and he's been studying this for over a decade, and he's a really smart guy, and I've never seen him make a mistake on anything.
I think you should talk to him.
And I was pretty surprised that Brett was pre-resistant to doing that.
So it's amazing how people can be sucked into a belief system and then not willing to go off of that and not even willing to have an open discussion with some really smart people who have different points of view.
to to see, you know, because if you're on the right, then you shouldn't fear and you should welcome having discussions with people who are qualified to disagree with you and want to have a collegial conversation about it.
You know, I think this is a lesson that I've learned from this pandemic that I can apply and that other people can apply to pretty much everything else in your life where there is a difference of opinion or where you think
that there is consensus, because a lot of times what you learn from this vaccine experience, a lot of times when you find that there is this when when it appears that this is huge consensus about this is what's going on, that that you may be incorrect.
Now, I'll cut to the punchline on the Hamas issue, which is that Retsef believes, and I have a lot of faith in Retsef, that Hamas is just a very evil organization, that what they've done is despicable, and that there is no negotiation with Hamas.
And it was a mistake for the Israeli government to think
that they would be able to negotiate with Hamas and that they would have a this, you know, sort of mutually agreed, I don't know, sort of truce thing that was going on, because this has just led to the situation that we have today.
And from Reza's point of view, this is totally predictable.
And
they should have handled this earlier and they could have handled it earlier with far fewer consequences than what's happening now.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, and grave, grave loss of life.
Yes.
Collateral damage is the tragedy of it all.
The families and yeah, without getting too far into it.
Far afield here.
Yes, we are the vaccine safety research.
We are.
And it's interesting, a little anecdotal story.
And I mentioned this with Aseem, I've had some people get boosted.
and not feeling well.
And then they say, well, that means it's working.
And then I get an email from the New York Times.
New York Times has an article that says the post vaccination headache may be a sign that it's working.
So you see the Trusted News Initiative at work.
If there is an adverse effect, they're going to spin it and say, well, that's good for you.
And and no one knows how long these are gonna last so they stay in your body But it's good.

[SPEAKER_00]
It's good to know that after getting jabbed I'm looking at some of the comments here.
I didn't realize that we now have comments available on this, but I see this thing from Russ one saying it would say a rumble link that Says fully vaxxed young adults are 92
uh, times probably more likely to die than unvaccinated young.

[SPEAKER_01]
There's a link to a Rumble video right there.
That's a new feature we have here on our Rumble channel.
Thanks for pointing that out.

[SPEAKER_00]
That is, that is astonishing.
I'm definitely going to take, check, check that one out.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
Thank you for sharing that Russ one.
Okay.
I'm going to pivot.
Uh, we have a member from the VSRF team, David Ragsdale.
Let's bring David on.
Hi David.
How you doing?
We can hear you.
Great.
You're very big in the frame.
I like seeing you up close.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_05]
And just about the trusted news initiative, uh, the video we made almost two years ago.
has had a second life because several and I won't name who they are, but several big Twitter accounts are stealing it, uploading it.
and not clipping it right before it gets to who made it.
So God bless them.
I won't mention who, but God bless them.
At least more people will see it that way, I guess.

[SPEAKER_01]
We're not getting full credit, but we're getting lots of views on it, but at least it's doing what it's supposed to do, and that's creating awareness.

[SPEAKER_05]
Second lie for TNI, I guess.

[SPEAKER_01]
But David, you're here to talk about our next COVID litigation conference coming to Vegas next March.
Tell us a little bit more about that.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
So as everyone knows, Steve and the team last year identified COVID litigation as one of the major path forwards for us.
You know, a lot of people like politics, we think that litigation has a lot of upside for making the change we need.
We've had some huge victories this week, and I'm going to very quickly go over them.
So, in New York State, and a lot of the New York lawyers were at our first COVID litigation conference, the highest court in New York ruled that the governor of New York did not have the authority to mandate the vaccine on healthcare workers.
That case is done.
It has nowhere else to go.
So that mandate is officially illegal and unconstitutional.
So that was one.
The second victory was the Defense Department, the federal Biden Defense Department actually settled a case with a few, I think they were special forces service members for $1.3 million where they were essentially kicked out of the military for refusing to take a COVID vaccine.
Now that's really interesting because that could set precedent.
Also last week what happened, the most interesting case was the Biden administration did a massive U-turn and is suing two companies
for not giving religious exemptions to the mandates, when they're the ones who in the first place told these companies to do exactly that.
And what that means is Bloomberg says this is gonna open the floodgates to COVID litigation.
And why that is good for us is the more lawsuits, the more victory, we begin to set precedent, right?
And that's exactly why we're having COVID litigation conference two,
this March 7th through 8th next year at the Horseshoe in Las Vegas.
We have put together an amazing steering committee of the top lawyers in the field.
We'll be announcing speakers shortly.
We're putting together the program.
But if you want to get early bird pricing, you want to go to covidlitigation.com.
That's covidlitigation.com.
And I'll end with this.
This is a litigation conference.
Now at COVID Litigation 1, we had about 200 lawyers and about 50 non-lawyers.
So if you're not a lawyer and you want to come,
Great, you'll learn stuff, you'll network, and they're very joyful events.
But I just want to tell you, this is priced for a litigation conference.
We're still on the low end of litigation conferences, but if you look at the pricing and you're not a lawyer, you may be like, wow, that's a little bit expensive.
And that's because that's what litigation conferences charge.
If you know any lawyers, if you want to get any lawyers into the field, just send them to covidlitigation.com and we'll be announcing the speakers and panels in the upcoming weeks.

[SPEAKER_01]
Great.
Thank you for all that information.
Very good.
Hopefully we'll get a good turnout again like last year.
Or actually it was earlier this year, wasn't it?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, it was in March.

[SPEAKER_01]
All right, David.
Well, thank you for coming on the program and sharing that info and good to see you.

[SPEAKER_05]
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_01]
So Steve, next, are you going to go to Twitter spaces after the show tonight?
Yes.
Excellent.
So I want to remind everyone we will we are simulcasting on Twitter spaces and Steve will be joining over there after we are through.
Also, we usually do this at the top of the show, but I'd like to actually nurse Angela, if you're backstage,
I'd love to bring you on if you're available.
But if not, as many of you know, Angela will be taking questions from you or any if you have vaccine injury questions.
Actually, there she is.
Let's give me a second to bring her on.
Welcome to the show, Angela.
How are you doing this evening?
So yeah, tell us about people being able to contact you and why they should contact you.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
So people can contact me at nurseangela at backsafety.org.
And, you know, we're, we're helping so many people.
We, uh, I have a huge, uh, network of doctors, of nurses, of support in every single state.
And I'm seeing people slowly, but surely get better.
It takes a long time.
Uh, but we're, we're getting there.
And so I tell people to keep, keep the faith and know that, you know, I'm seeing great outcomes every day.
It's, it's a long road and there's ups and downs, but we're helping tons of people and you're always welcome.
My phone is on 24 seven.
I take calls on the weekends.
I spend seven days a week helping and talking to people and getting them, getting them medical care.
So feel free to keep emailing me.
I answer every single email.
It takes me about a week.
I do triage them.
So I take the most critical cases first and I help those people first, but I do answer every single one of my emails.

[SPEAKER_01]
Excellent.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_01]
Thank you for all the work that you do.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yes.
And I cannot wait to see Dr. Asimul Hultra and see Steve in San Jose on the 28th.
You know, it's one of the most important things that I tell people in dealing with these vaccine injuries is actually to get healthy.
That's the number one thing before medications, before the supplements, before anything else, people need to really get healthy.
And, um, that's, that's the priority.
So I'm really looking forward to hearing what they have to say at this event.
And it's going to be really, really good.

[SPEAKER_01]
It's going to be a great event.
Yeah.
Looking forward to that one.
And what's that shirt you're wearing?
Oh, you're wearing a cool shirt.

[SPEAKER_02]
This was, I wore this for a scene because when we were at Deep in the Heart of Texas, we brought out a scene for the first time from the UK to meet up with Peter McCullough.
Ernesto was there.
We all stayed together.
We put on this incredible event.
And while we were there hanging out, a scene said, you know, instead of mandating vaccines, we should have been mandating hugs.
And so that gave us inspiration for this mandate hugs line.
And, you know, there actually is scientific evidence of hugging.
It releases oxytocin, one of the feel-good hormones.
And so giving hugs actually does have scientific benefit of being healthy, getting people healthy and lowering your blood pressure, lowering your heart rate.
And it's kind of like meditating and walking, you know, all these things that we can do to be healthier.
So we, instead of mandate vaccines, it's mandate hugs.
And that's in honor of Dr. Haseen Malhotra.

[SPEAKER_01]
I love it.
I actually always feel better.
I'm a hugger.
So whenever I hug someone, I could just feel my whole like.

[SPEAKER_02]
You just relax.
It's kind of the same thing as Steve with Valentina the cat or my dogs who are circling around me right now.
It's just, it's one of those things when you have a hug or you're petting an animal, it lowers your stress level.

[SPEAKER_01]
It was challenging during the lockdowns because in the six feet apart and all that, like people were afraid.
So it was no wonder everybody was so stressed during that.
And I'm wearing my Steve quote shirt, my favorite.
misinformation super spreader shirt tonight and there's a there's our new website for our store so one way to help us out is to go and buy some some gear and we have all kinds of new shirts and stuff blankets towels and
Do we have blankets?
I don't think we have blankets.
We have towels and sandals, but go to our new store at vacsafety.org and you can get loaded up for the holidays.
That would be very helpful as well.
Let me come back here.
Okay.
And then lastly, yeah, we are a 501 C three.
So your donations help us keep the show going and all the work that we do here at back safety research foundation.
So please, if you can, if you can give what you can, then that would be fantastic to keep us going.
And Steve, any final parting words before we send you off to the Twitter spaces?

[SPEAKER_00]
Stay healthy.
Exercise.
That's the Yeah, yeah.
Peter Tia's book is like the the number one best medicine for people is exercise.
It's amazing.
Exercise.

[SPEAKER_01]
Get some sun.
Get some sleep too.

[SPEAKER_00]
Rest and eat real food.

[SPEAKER_01]
Stay healthy.
I came across this video that I'm going to end tonight with.
I found it on some article.
It's on YouTube.
Triggered T-R-I-G-D was the person who made this or posted it.
But it makes a parallel about the opening ceremonies at the 2012 Olympics in London and the pandemic.
It is a little creepy and he begs the question, is it a coincidence or is it predictive programming?
So always a pleasure to see you, Steve.
we'll see you next week oh wait i did forget one thing next week we do have another special guest we have will let me find the graphic here we have will wit next week on the show so come back next week and and uh we'll have a great conversation with uh with steve and will next week
And on that note, I'm gonna leave you with this closing video.
Have a great weekend, everyone.

[SPEAKER_04]
Please welcome Mike Olsen

[UNKNOWN]
The National Health Service is now part of the World War II.

[SPEAKER_04]
Now the United States principal, civilized, of the same motion, to provide medical aid to patients with needs.
We're going to see some of the great villains of British literature.

[UNKNOWN]
Literature for children.

[SPEAKER_04]
We're going to see some of the great villains of...
I don't know if it's here.
101 down there.
101.
Childcatcher.
Chitty Chitty Bang Bang.
I feel that was another thing.
