[SPEAKER_00]
Hi, this is Phoebe Liu.
I'm a host for the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation's live college edition, and welcome to our weekly show.
Tonight, we'll be talking with Thais Pat, an Ohio University student who's currently fighting a lawsuit against COVID-19 mandates, and Mila Ratatich, a Stanford and Yale continuing medical education student who was severely injured by the COVID-19 vaccine.
We're calling for truth and transparency so that our fellow students in future generations can receive informed consent and freedom to have education without coercion or mandates.
So before we dive into tonight's topic of what's the deal with VAERS, VSRF is a 501c3 organization with a mission to end COVID-19 mandates and advance COVID-19 vaccine safety through public education and advocacy of scientific research and to provide support to the vaccine entered.
So we encourage open and transparent conversations, scientific and medical inquiry in questions.
Thank you for joining us on role.
If you'd like to ask any questions,
put them in the comments and as we provide our comment on recent news and scientific materials.
Also, we upload all the cited materials for each episode to the description box.
This past Thursday, Project Veritas dropped a really shocking video exposing how Pfizer has been mutating viruses in order to preemptively manufacture vaccines.
As Pfizer director George Walker said, it's good for them, but not good for the Americans.
Let's take a look at the videos.

[SPEAKER_09]
Hey there.
Is this seat taken?
You work for Pfizer.
My question for you is, why does Pfizer want to hide from the public the fact that they're mutating the COVID virus?
Is this rule right?

[SPEAKER_10]
I'm literally a liar.
I was trying to impress a person on a date.
What's your question?
Why?

[SPEAKER_09]
This is absurd.
Please don't touch me.
Well, this is not why the way don't tell anybody.

[SPEAKER_10]
Why are you doing this?
This is not why we're just working in a company to literally help the public.
You f*** off.
You really did.
Can you please unlock the door?
Please unlock the door.

[SPEAKER_09]
Please unlock the door.
Please unlock the door.
We're trying to unlock the door, unlock the door.

[SPEAKER_11]
Pfizer ultimately is thinking about mutating COVID?

[SPEAKER_10]
Well, that is not what we say to the public.
No.
Don't tell anyone the story.
We have a public show to tell.
We have a public show to tell.
We have a public show to tell.
We have a public show to tell.
We have a public show to tell.
We have a public show to tell.
We have a public show to tell.
We have a public show to tell.
We have a public show to tell.
We have a public show to tell.
We have a public show to tell.
We have a public show to tell.
We have a public show to tell.
We have a public show to tell.
We have a public show to tell.
We have a public show to tell.
We have a public show to tell.
We have a public show to tell.
We have a public show to tell.
We have a public show to tell.
We have a public show to tell.
We have a public show to tell.
We have a public show to tell.
We have a public show to tell.
We have

[SPEAKER_11]
be like very controlled to make sure that this virus that you use a doesn't create something like you know it goes everywhere so all government officials it's pretty good for the industry to be honest yeah it's bad for everyone else in America my god that's perfect like isn't that like the best business model though like just control nature before nature even happens itself right yeah if it works what do you mean if it works

[SPEAKER_10]
because like some of the times they would just be mutations that pop up right and they would not prepare for it like with Delta or Omicron and things like that so who knows I mean either way it's gonna be a cash cow COVID probably a cash cow for us for a while going for it well yeah I obviously like that well I think the whole you know I think the whole like research of the viruses and mutating it like would be the old

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, so those are some shocking statements that the Pfizer executives decided to make.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, that's just crazy.

[SPEAKER_05]
And for a while, and of course, Pfizer will still deny that they would ever do anything like that.
that could hurt people.
It's only to help people.
But yeah, hopefully more comes out of that.
Hopefully this triggers some whistleblowers from the pharmaceutical industry, you know, like now that this information is getting out.
More people know about this, obviously, and just kind of like the demeanor and the way he's
being very braggy about what he's saying.

[SPEAKER_01]
Absolutely.
I can actually see where that theory is coming from to mutate the virus before it does it naturally, but look at what happened with their original vaccine with the spike protein and all of that.
It didn't work out well for the original one, so them trying to make these advancements and overcomplicating it even more is just going to be detrimental towards the health of so many Americans.

[SPEAKER_00]
Have we not learned yet?
Have we not learned?
Even though I don't buy into the gain of function or directed evolution narrative, using that hypothetically, like have we not learned to not play with viruses?
And again, like Ty's, what you said about how his demeanor was just so humorous and careless about it and talking about, you know, either way, it'll be a cash cow.
It really, you know,
shows and explains how Pfizer's direction is creating vaccines and playing with the dangerous viruses and their attitudes towards the whole thing of who cares if it goes wrong?
Who cares?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, I think it says a lot about
like the culture in these companies, you know, um, because I feel like one thing if you watch any of the shows, like you've always heard me say a lot is like, I just can't understand the thought process really.
Like they either have to be stupid or evil.
And I think this video is like a good insight of it's more probably on that evil side.
They know the risk of the things they do are far outweighing the benefits, but like you said, it'll be a cash cow for years to come.
And that's what's really important to them at the end.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, I guess because it's not directly affecting them, to them it's just all about the cash.

[SPEAKER_00]
Right.
But it's frustrating to hear that, honestly, because we know that human lives and families are at the end of this joke, and they're suffering when these directors and these employees, they're laughing about it.
It's quite nasty.

[SPEAKER_01]
I don't think they're going to be such, or they're going to be so pro-vaccine as someone in a family gets injured.
That's going to change everything.

[SPEAKER_05]
I know it'll be cool.
Well, it'll be good to see one day if more information ever comes out.
But actual Pfizer employees and Moderna employees, they all got separate batches that were reserved back for employees of Pfizer, which is interesting.
And I know I've seen a couple threads and articles written about those batches specifically.
And so I think that's another interesting thing to look into.
And that could be another reason why, you know, they're not worried about it as it clearly seems, you know?

[SPEAKER_00]
Yes, I've seen that with government officials receiving a particular batch, but the rest of the batches goes out into the public.
Let's see what the experience of a few people have been taking those other batches.

[SPEAKER_02]
Ten minutes is what changed my and my family's life.
Ten minutes.

[SPEAKER_12]
I'm a shell of what I was.

[SPEAKER_04]
I laid in the hospital for five days with no help.

[SPEAKER_07]
and I would be begging them, please help me.
It is not ethical that they sent me home with a walker and an order for a potty chair.

[SPEAKER_12]
And I'm going to show you what it looks like to have an injury in what I have to deal with every single day.

[SPEAKER_08]
My heart is so broken.
I can't keep quiet anymore.
This is a humanitarian crisis.
These people are suffering.
This is real disease.

[SPEAKER_06]
There has to be a recognition of vaccine injury.
But there are no vaccine injury clinics and we know there's an epidemic of vaccine injuries.
I mean, these are the most toxic medical interventions known to man.
There are millions of people who are suffering.

[SPEAKER_08]
They're being ignored.
They're not getting treatment and they're suffering.
We know exactly what their diagnosis is.
I know exactly what it is.
I know what it's caused by and I know how to treat it.

[SPEAKER_07]
Humanity can take away that pain.
Morality can take away that pain because what has happened to us is inhumane and it's not moral at all.

[SPEAKER_08]
The NIH said there's no treatment for COVID.
So that's why we put the FLCC together.
And now we're doing the same thing for the vaccine injured because nobody wants to treat them.
So you know what?
We will treat them.

[SPEAKER_03]
It could be you.
It could be your mother.
It could be your child.

[SPEAKER_07]
So what is ethics?
Ethics is four words.
Do the right thing.
That is what ethics is.

[SPEAKER_05]
So it looks like we lost connection to Mila there.
We'll see if she's able to reconnect and join us after this.
But that's a very powerful video we just watched.
Hearing the vaccine injured share their stories and hearing just about all the different crazy things that they've had to gone through.
It's really powerful and at that actual event where the clips are from, I cried during that.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, absolutely.
That's crazy.
And to think that this is something that they will have to learn how to live for the rest of their lives.
Lives really were changed by these injuries.
And for the past few years, the media has wanted us to think that these injuries are rare cases or one in a million of occurring.
But as you can see from the testimonies of the few people who are there that day, as well as one of our own show hosts, Mila Radicic, it's not that rare.
So if you look at the data, it tells a different story than what the media has says.
Pais, would you like to share your screen?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yep.
So today we kind of want to focus on
how anybody can look at the data and when people are discussing the data, what do they mean by that?
So the most common thing that you'll hear talked about is VAERS.
VAERS is an acronym for the Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System and it was created in 1990 between the CDC and the FDA so they could track all sorts of vaccine adverse reactions and
You know, everything to basically that you would want for safety monitoring.
The creation of VAERS is a good idea.
I don't think anybody would disagree that we need a system like this.
And so just a few things to explain like what VAERS is because you might have heard about it before, but you might not really be sure what it is or how to access it or what it means.
So we're going to try to help you figure that out.
So anybody can submit a report to VAERS.
So it doesn't have to be a doctor that sees something happen shortly after vaccination.
If a parent or the person that got the vaccine, they can self report.
And so there's a lot of misconstruction about that where, oh, anybody can go on VAERS and start typing up reports and just make anything up.
We'll see why that's not true in a second.
But the reason anyone could submit a report is because not every adverse reaction is going to require hospitalization or visit to the doctor.
So that's just there so a patient can say they get a little bit of swelling around the injection site.
That's not really something you would go see a doctor and have them report.
That would be something that gets self reported.
Um, so this is the disclaimer that the CDC puts on bears.
And so it just it describes a little more about what bears is in general.
Um,
and who can submit to VAERS, what the VAERS data can and can't do.
But what's really important about this is down here at the bottom, knowingly filing a false VAERS report is a violation of federal law and it's punishable by fine and imprisonment.
So when you hear the people that say,
Oh, well, the VAERS data doesn't matter.
You can't say, you know, because anybody can just submit a report to VAERS.
They might be lying about myocarditis.
That's rarely, if ever true, because not only is it punishable by fine and imprisonment, there's really nothing to gain by faking VAERS reports.
So there's that.
And so to give you a better idea of like what
would be entered into VAERS and why it's useful.
This is from the instructions for COVID-19 vaccine providers.
So any office or any entity, any healthcare provider that's injecting people with the COVID vaccine, they're supposed to be required to read this and understand it before they start injecting people with it.
Whether they do that
It's probably different on a case by case basis, but here it talks about that.
Vaccination providers enrolled in the federal COVID-19 vaccination program must report all vaccine administration errors, all serious adverse events, all cases of myocarditis and pericarditis, which we kind of talked about last week.
Those are on there because those have been the most noticeable.
There's honestly no doubt anymore that those can be a result of the COVID vaccination.
It doesn't mean everybody that gets vaccinated is going to get myocarditis.
It does mean that there is a very real possibility of getting myocarditis and that if it happens, the healthcare providers are supposed to be required to report that.
And so there's a few other things, MIS and hospitalization or death following administration.
And so you can read more about that at our QR code there.
It's also on the FDA's website.
Let's talk about reporting to VAERS because what you'll hear a lot of the detractors say is that it's overreported.
People are putting in fake reports, and there's reports that someone might have just got myocarditis just because they magically got it, not from the vaccine.
At least that's what they want people to believe.
The truth is,
A few years back, there was a study done over the data from 2006 to 2009.
The government granted about a million dollars to the Harvard Pilgrim Healthcare Center to research VAERS and find out how accurate the data, because they knew there was a severe underreporting problem, mostly because the same doctor that, or the same healthcare provider that
gives you administers the vaccine to you probably isn't going to be the same one that you go to to see if you get myocarditis, for example.
But as you can see here, the results of that study are that fewer than 1% of vaccine adverse events were found to be reported to VAERS.
And so obviously this number can fluctuate and it would be different on a case-by-case basis, but fewer than 1% of vaccine adverse events being reported is pretty serious.
It's not like the rules of round reporting changed.
Healthcare providers were still supposed to report then like they are now.
So it wouldn't be unsafe to assume that still
Very few vaccine adverse events are actually reported or reported accurately.
This could be a result of just people not, not even drawing the conclusion themselves that something could be from a vaccine that they recently received.
And it could be.
Doctors just refusing to believe because.
Uh, everybody's telling them that this can't be from the vaccine.
The vaccine is safe and effective.
Um, there's plenty of reasons why that the adverse events are under reported, but we know they are under reported.
Um, so keep that in mind as we talk about all this data.
Um, the safe is another CDC.
Database and essentially the numbers and V safe should be matching up with the reports in there's and that's also not happening.
That's another reason we know that even today for the COVID vaccine fairs is being severely under counted.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, I actually have the statistics for the V safe under reporting.
Basically V safe was created by the CDC to perform similarly to bears, but easier for the clinicians to use.
But there was a doctor doctor hearing early who holds a doctor in naturopathic medicine.
and was involved in the grand jury investigation for the CDC on allegations of criminal data fraud and willful misconduct.
And he said that fewer than 4% of the records in vSafe have actually made it the way to VAERS to have actually been reported to VAERS as they were supposed to be done.
of 10 million individual users, 800,000 had an adverse event in about one in 13.
And out of those 800,000 vSafe reports, only 30,000 have been logged into VAERS, where each vSafe report should have been correlated with a VAERS report.
So you're coming from a huge data set to a slightly smaller data set in adverse events.
And then out of that adverse events, a bare minimum, very, very few have been logged into VAERS.
So that's the deal with underreporting on vSafe.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, so there's no doubt under reporting.
That's mainly just to just prove this notion out there all of a sudden that VAERS is being over-reported.
We simply know it's not true.
So now you kind of have an idea of what VAERS is.
How can you see VAERS for yourself and see the data and reports?
So the CDC Wander Search is the official government database search.
And so you can type that in.
There's not like a good link for it.
Otherwise, I would have put it here.
But if you look up CDC Wonder Fair Search, it'll pop up with a button to take you to the search.
It's that's probably the most complex way to look up the data and reports.
It looks like it's out of the 90s still.
So a few other ways you can access the data is med alerts being one, which I'll show you in a second.
Open veirs.com kind of has summaries of the data and they also do have the individual reports.
and some search features on there, and then there's analysis.info.
They release a weekly report and other reports on the data to keep up with that.
So that's more of like a reading style.
So, here is medalerts.org.
So if you go to medalerts.org, you'll see this page.
And this is created by the National Vaccine Information Center.
So their search, I just find it to be a little simpler, probably because they're not a government organization.
They're just better, but so for example, here's what you'll see on the med alert search.
Let's go through.
So here we can pick COVID-19 for the vaccination.
This would cover the Moderna and Pfizer primary series, as they call it, the bivaliant boosters right here.
If you wanted to search that, for example,
And so you can also search by all vaccines for COVID-19.
So let's just do the COVID-19 primary series vaccines.
Let's do event outcome, oops, event outcome.
And we can just click find on any one of these.
You can also look for specific symptoms.
So if you want to see how many people, let's do this.
We can search myocarditis here and select that.
And I believe we still have, yeah.
So then I'll do that too.
So this first search result that it is just all the event outcomes for the COVID-19 vaccines, we can see here that 33,000, over 33,000 deaths have been reported into VAERS.
62,000 permanently disabled.
And so this is from the most recent release, because I just did this right now.
There was
35,000 life-threatening reports where somebody's life was threatened.
And so you can kind of just see the data like this.
And so of these 1.5 million total that were returned from the search, if we scroll down to the bottom, we can actually see more details about each individual report.
And you can see the reports themselves.
And so if we,
Oh, one of these is, yeah.
So this is the myocarditis one.
So 16,000 reports of myocarditis.
And so then you could come down here and look at each case individually.
There's usually a lot more information like you'll see here.
And just to show you quick, this is what open VAERS would look like.
You can come here, these red box summaries you may have seen before.
These are really popular and it's just an easy way to see that top level data.
This is verisanalysis.info.
Yeah, so here's, we have a screenshot of this here.
But also alternatives to VAERS, I wanted to just mention this quick.
So if somebody is, VAERS is so untrustworthy, yada yada, all that.
Okay, so maybe let's compare the data in VAERS to other data.
This would be the World Health Organization's VG access system.
And so this essentially does the same thing, but through the World Health Organization.
So they cover a lot more countries are members of the World Health Organization where the CDC is obviously only an American thing.
So VG access, you can see here, they have nearly 5 million total reports.
And they actually, I like the way they have it broken down.
So this is for all COVID-19 vaccines, but.
So cardiac disorders, they have 30.
300,000 total, for example.
And so if you click that and break it down, it'll show you an order.
What's the most common?
100,000 reports of palpitations.
Here we see myocarditis is the fourth highest in cardiac disorders.
So as much as we hear about myocarditis and pericarditis, that's because they're the most visible and easy to see like something is going on here where palpitations are actually a lot more common, but
People with palpitations might not even realize that that's what they're having.
They might just think they're having discomfort in their chest.
And then here's another chart from VGXS.
It just shows that the World Health Organization's data shows that 18 to 44-year-olds are the most likely to have adverse reactions despite people that are younger in that lower half.
They're a lot less at risk of COVID.
And then this chart is just the total reports for year per the COVID vaccine.
So that's why we see none in 2020 and then in 2021 and 2022.
And then, of course, 2023 just started.
But that's another 1, you can check out and I think you definitely should.
So now I'll turn the screen share over to Phoebe.

[SPEAKER_00]
So obviously, I saw in the, in the various report, the search that you did on med alerts, you know, there was a big box that said, you know, not specified.
And there was a huge numbers on 700,000 for that number.
And, you know, I've heard people of lump people like lump sum conditions into that.
So I just don't want to discount that part just because it doesn't have, you know, a huge name like my carditis period carditis, or it doesn't mean that it's not something that affects a person's life.
But now I'll share my screen.
Can you see my screen types?
Okay, great.
Yeah, so I am a very visual person and I like to, you know, seeing as believing is one of the things I live by.
So for me, waking up to the, you know, gravity of the situation was largely influenced by research by data by graphs by looking at
of the actual science.
So for this particular one, this chapter, this is a chapter seen as believing from the book also known.
And in particular, they had compiled data for these countries that did not have high numbers of COVID deaths prior to mass vaccination.
And these graphs really offer the simplest comparison because the most glaring trends are they had very low rates of death attributed to COVID.
They commenced mass vaccination, and then they had huge increases in deaths that were attributed to COVID.
So you can compare this country by country.
And here I hear like four times four, so 16 countries.
I'm actually Taiwanese.
So this is from my country.
And I know my grandparents have been telling me there has been people who received the vaccine and passed away right afterwards in their own community as well.
The next one is this is from Senator Ron Johnson's round table.
This is data collected at the beginning of January 2021.
And then at the end, oh, sorry, 2022.
And then at the end of the year.
So between 10 months, this is the drug adverse event comparison.
You can see that iRomectin, hydroxychloroquine, these drugs that were tabled as horse pills and alternative remedies that you should absolutely avoid, they were a lot less riskier than COVID vaccines.
I would much rather give these generic off-brand drugs a try than COVID vaccines, because as you can see, just over the course of 10 months, it's nearly half a million more people have received adverse events and 10 million have died.
So this is the bare analysis that Ty showed earlier.
I really like the site to look at the graphs and the visual aid that it shows.
So blue here is COVID-19 vaccination reported deaths after two years.
And you can see that compared to all other vaccines in yellow and unknown in red.
Now, unknowns are highly likely to be COVID-19, but because it's not verified, they kept it separate.
So you can imagine, you know, adding this line to this line as well, a very possible thing.
You can also see this in a bar graph form.
So you can see all other vaccines in yellow, and then suddenly we come to 2021 and 2022, where we see blue, which is COVID-19 vaccines, just shoot right up top.
This data is also updated as of January 20th.
This is the adverse events and you can see the comparison in COVID-19 just shoots right up way above all other vaccines as well as the unknowns.
Same here again, you see the same pattern and the same trend of adverse events.
Now this is the flu vaccines over 25 years, almost 26, 25, 5.75 years.
The average adverse events are 7,500, and average per year is 78 deaths.
Now over just 10 months for the COVID-19 vaccines, you can see it's 800,000.
adverse events, and then 17,000 total deaths.
So if you do the math, you'll find out that the risk of dying from COVID vaccine is 226 times greater than the flu vaccine.
Next slide.
All right, there you go.
But of course, you know, we also have to look at what the media says about getting the COVID vaccine for teens for our age group.
Web Nd says that serious side effects are rare.
However, if you look to the right, the Journal of Pediatrics reported on their findings of 35 cases of myocarditis in children under 18 within a week after receiving the second dose of the Pfizer mRNA vaccine.
So if this is this rare, I don't know, but they went ahead knowing these studies and approved it for teens.
And likewise, this was a graph that ties to shoulder earlier.
The WHO's data shows that out of the VGACs of reports for the Pfizer COVID-19 shot, people 18 to 45 took up 41 percent of adverse reports.
Now, to add insult to injury, not only are the bulk of the v safe reports and the various reports, you know, not making their way through, but a doctor that we mentioned earlier, Dr. Ealy also suspects that the various reports are being removed.
Specifically, he noted that between September 2022 and December 2022, the CDC removed at least 32,000 records of injury related to the following conditions of myocarditis, pericarditis, and heart inflammation.
when there was previously 45,000 reports three months ago, you know, over the next three months, it dropped down to 12,000.
So that is a huge drop.
And if you look on Rumble in search of VAERS, you know, data, you know, being deleted, you can actually find videos of people who track the data day by day.
And you can see the changes where they had deleted data and on which days.
Now, I think it's
There will be missed reports or reports that need to be fixed and updated as time comes.
But a reasonable number would be far less than 30,000 reports, all needing to be changed, all needing to be deleted.
There's something very strange about the, you know, just like the immense number of the situation here.
And in fact, to use one case study on deleted reports, this two-year-old Alaskan baby had died six hours after vaccination.
He was bleeding from his ears, his nose, and his eyes.
And the report was lost on November 29, 2021.
But a near identical report was found 340 days later on November 4, 2022.
So there was an article that I read on that.
I can and said that this boy first disappeared from Veiers on November 29th, but 340 days later, he's back in Veiers again.
The below record showed up November 4th in Veiers release.
The record seems pretty familiar.
In fact, the first two sentences of the text description describing the death is exactly the same.
And it was even repeated six times in this case as the previous record.
So this report asks, you know, based on this one example, we can conclude that it is certainly possible that VAERS is deliberately removing reports from ever being seen by the public that are clearly very incriminating.
Is it just coincidence that the record which the public would have never known about is the record of a two-year-old who would have been ineligible to receive the COVID-19 inoculations outside of a clinical trial?
and whom furthermore died within six hours of denoculation in such a horrible manner.
So it asks, you know, is this a form of silent censorship and gaslighting?
And previously we had looked for swine flu and reviewed the report, you know, did a comparison of swine flu to COVID-19 vaccination in episode 11.
I believe it was episode 11.
Back then they also had a VAERS reporting system for the swine flu.
Now, swine flu VAERS was triggered at 50 deaths and the government started shutting down the program.
So that makes me wonder, you know, we have over 30,000 deaths, you know, actively reported on VAERS.
What is the trigger for COVID-19 vaccine deaths?
And how are they avoiding flagging COVID-19 vaccine as abnormal?
Taiz, what do you think?
You're muted.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, so I think, sadly, what we're kind of seeing today is obviously, I think, if you want to go back to the VARES analysis chart, like I think that's since this began, looking at the data that way is like the most obvious, yeah, right here.
This chart on the right, you know, if you see that,
What can we conclude from this?
One, we can conclude something changed in 2021, and the result was more deaths than we have ever recorded before with the system.
That right there should be a major red flag.
Something's wrong.
It should have been shut down.
So I worry that the government, which we know specifically like the DOD and
The federal government entered into agreements with the big pharma companies, provided them liability.
And I'm sure behind closed doors, not written on paper, they kind of decided that they were going to ignore this data no matter what.
Because otherwise I just can't see why it wouldn't have been pulled like the previous vaccines we've discussed in past episodes.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.
In fact, you know, bringing that up again about, you know, the government and our health agencies working together behind closed doors.
If you go watch Project Veritas for expose of Pfizer, Jordan Walker actually had said that this is a revolving door for government officials and how, you know, government officials
They, a lot of them end up on the boards at these pharmaceutical companies.
So thinking as an employee, you know, you already have your future position, your future career, you know, pretty well set and you know where you're headed to.
you right now haven't gotten to that step yet, but would you lower your chances of getting to your future position?
Would you talk bad about your future company or where you would like to head?
Most people wouldn't.
I think that says a lot about the handholding
of, you know, both organizations and how they withhold information to the detriment of humanity and the detriment of society.
Because at the end of the day, you know, the people who are suffering will be us and a lot of it, I believe, will be in our generation.
and will not only have to deal with the human suffering part of it, but, you know, I do foresee economic suffering as people, families need to, you know, forgo their jobs, forgo their work, their education in order to take care of the injured.
So all in all, I think that this is, you know, this will snowball into a greater situation than just vaccine injuries, but it might very become, you know, an economic downfall that affects not only the vaccine injured and the family members of those, but, you know, potential, you know, employees, companies, businesses, and the economy in a whole.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, it's definitely, it's worrying to think about what the results of all the damage they've done to honestly just the trust, the trust in healthcare, the trust in pharmaceuticals, the trust in government.
Things get really bad.
And then if things get worse, you know, and nobody wants to trust anybody, there's not much anybody can do, but just ride it out and rebuild later.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, absolutely.
So we're coming to around the hour, but if you would like to participate in the open floor discussion or simply listen in, you can head over to the Twitter space that is hosted by no college mandates.
And once you have the room, you can have an opportunity to raise your hand and a mic to chat with us.
We're also looking for college athletes parents of athletes coaches and etc to come join us for a round table discussion and then the future.
I will show you a QR code to the Twitter spaces for everyone to scan and join the open discussion.
We are looking for people to come join us as guest appearances on this show to share their conversation with us.
So thank you for watching VSRF Live College Edition tonight, and I hope to chat with you on Twitter's faces.
Good night everyone.

[SPEAKER_05]
Bye everyone.
