[SPEAKER_00]
The COVID Vex, they got the Vex!

[SPEAKER_03]
It was a graveyard smash, they got the Vex!
Dr. Fauci, isn't it true that you were working with Wuhan lab and that you were making money off of the vaccine?
Senator, I was waking in the Wuhan lab one night when my eyes beheld an eerie sight.
All my patented emotions began to rise and suddenly, to my surprise, we got the Vax.
We got the COVID Vax.
We got the Vax.

[SPEAKER_04]
It was a graveyard smash.

[SPEAKER_03]
We got the Vax.
He caught on in a flash, we got the Vax We made a bunch of cash from my laboratory in the Far East To the United Nations where the vampires feast The sheep all came out with their humble infections Get a jab from my injection, they got the Vax They got the COVID Vax, they got the Vax It was a graveyard smash, they got the Vax
He caught on in the flash, they got the backs.
We made a bunch of cash.
The zombies were having fun.
The lockdown had just begun.
The guests included Klaus Schwab, Bill Gates and his son.
The scene was rockin' all with diggin' the beat.
Bill Gates was backed by his witty machine.
The Mockingbird media were about to arrive.
Backed by the group, the big tech fight.
They got the facts.
They got the COVID facts.
They got the facts.
It was a graveyard smash.
They got the facts.
Caught on in a flash, they got the Vax.
We made a bunch of cash.
Out from the hood, Pedro's voice did ring.
It seems he was troubled by just one thing.
He opened the conference and sent you in home.
But whatever happened to the common cold?
It's now the Vax.
It's now the COVID Vax.
It's now the Vax.
And it's a graveyard smash.
It's now the Vax.

[SPEAKER_04]
caught on it.

[SPEAKER_03]
Flash is out the backs.
We made a bunch of cash.

[SPEAKER_12]
Okay, I think I've heard enough.

[SPEAKER_03]
Dr. Fauci, you are under arrest for crimes against humanity.
Guards, take away.
Oh, no wait, no wait.
Clutch, Clutch, what made me do that?

[SPEAKER_08]
Tonight, on the 100th episode of VSRF Live, Steve Kirsch will discuss the groundbreaking news that the COVID-19 vaccines were adulterated with plasmid bioactive containment sequences, SV40, with leading attorneys in the COVID litigation space, Tricia Lindsay and Jeff Childers.
And says executive producer and welcome to VSRF live.
I want to thank Lynn Sinelli for recommending that monster mash video created by Matt Baker.
If you got a chance to watch that tonight is our hundredth episode as we continue to give voice to the voiceless, the censored and the canceled.
Later in the show, we will be joined by two of my favorite people.
I've had the chance to encounter on this journey.
attorneys Tricia Lindsay and Jeff Childers.
They'll join Steve Kirsch to discuss the potential legal implications of the big topic trending on social media this week, DNA plasmid contamination, and in particular the undisclosed presence of the simian virus 40, or SV40, promoter in the Pfizer injections.
I'm sure our audience is gonna have a ton of questions later.
We will have our live Q&A later in the show, so put your questions in the chat for Steve, Tricia, and Jeff.
Please write question in all caps so our team can see it and get the questions to me later.
You can also make a small donation by using the Super Chat feature and we'll do our very best to get your question answered.
As always, Nurse Angela from our VSRF team is providing continuous support to the vaccine injured.
If you have questions for her, please email her at nurseangela at vacsafety.org.
That's nurseangela at vacsafety.org.
And now we got a busy show tonight.
So I'm going to go ahead and bring on VSRF founder, Steve Kirsch into the program.
Welcome to the show, Steve.
How are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_09]
I'm good.
Getting a little beat up on Twitter after my
my post about my truth bomb that that three and a half times as many people died from the vaccine as from COVID.
And so I talked to some of my friends, they're not surprised at all.
In fact, when I
I told Professor Norman Fenton, I said, hey, you know, this research shows three and a half times as many.
He says, yeah, I'm not surprised.
It was like no reaction at all to him.
And on Twitter, it's like, oh, you're a liar, you're a misinformation spreader.
And like, yeah, I know I'm a misinformation spreader.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, people like Alex Berenson attacked you.
It's just been so much about this.

[SPEAKER_09]
They say my number can't be right.
but they're not telling me what the right number is.
It's basically, well, we know you got it wrong, but we can't tell you what the right answer is.
And that's like saying that, well, look, you did die unexpectedly, but the one thing we know for sure is you didn't die from the vaccine.

[SPEAKER_08]
And they don't have the science behind that.
They just state it.
They just say it.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yep.

[SPEAKER_08]
That's a fact.
You even got the attention from the Los Angeles Times.
I mean, it's like they sit there and wait so that they can attack as soon as something like your truth bomb comes out.
Well, earlier today you had a chance to speak to Kevin McKernan and we can get some background.
Tell us before we play the interview a little bit about this past weekend when you dropped the tweet and when you did that big interview.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, I got six and a half million.
I said breaking the this the Pfizer vaccine has SV 40 in it.
But there's also a Chicago decision that says if the vaccine is contaminated with things that are not supposed to be there, you can sue.
And the PREP Act doesn't protect you, doesn't protect you, meaning doesn't protect the manufacturer.
And so it was Byron Bridle, I was on the phone with him and he said, look, you know, there's this new court case and we can show that they deliberately put it in and the FDA did not know about it.
And in fact, none of the regulators knew about it because it wasn't on the documents that they gave the regulators.
And so the question is, is it OK to sneak in stuff that's an active ingredient that could permanently damage you?
Is that OK?
And Congress intended
The big question is what does Congress intend, right?
Cause laws are always interpreted and we will get into that later, but I'm probably going into the episode.
So it's all, I won't go there, but yeah.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_08]
That's going to be a question for Jeff and Tricia to tussle with later on in the episode.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, let's, let's get to the interview, uh, with Kevin McKernan that was recorded earlier today.
So, uh, this will be about 15 minutes.
Enjoy this interview.
It's really great.

[SPEAKER_09]
I'm here with Kevin McKernan.
Kevin, maybe you can give us briefly your background and then we'll talk about what's going on with SV40 and how we can take the next step.
So let's start.
Quick background.

[SPEAKER_12]
Sure.
Quick background.
I've got 25 years in the genomics field, over close to 60,000 citations and out of the publications in this field.
I've been building DNA sequencers and doing genomics for long periods of time.
And very recently, I think what's pertinent to your discussion, Steve, here is that I stumbled across this contamination in the vaccines.
And since then, many other people have replicated this from Dr.
Sin Lee, Dr. Philip Buchholz to Dr. David Spieker and some folks in Germany and Japan.
So it's been replicated all over the world now, and I think we're getting together here to figure out what is it, what is this SV40 thing, and what do we need to do about it?

[SPEAKER_09]
Okay, so and and it has also been acknowledged by Health Canada.
So you have an official organization that is acknowledged that yes, the SV 40 promoter sequence is in the vaccines that were given to people.

[SPEAKER_12]
This is true, and just yesterday we saw an email, although we are resubmitting this to the EMA as well, but an email came out of the EMA from somebody else on Twitter that were trying to verify that they also were duped by this.
So the European Medicines Agency says, yes, we now have reviewed the sequence they gave us, and it was not pointed out to us, but it is in fact there.
There is nothing to see here, safe and effective, yada, yada, yada, all that.
So, I mean, they have an interesting, they had some interesting texts in there that I think is a little bit more of an exposure point for them.
The EMA actually came out saying, well, we don't see this being necessary in the production process of the vaccine.
It's the perfluous sequence, which is a double-edged sword for them.
Like, if it's the perfluous, it shouldn't be there.
And two, you should know that it actually is necessary to drive the Kenomycin resistance gene.
So,
You can't exactly remove it without there being zero consequences to the manufacturing.
So they've painted themselves in a corner a little bit with the text that they've provided.
So we're just going back asking them to clarify this a little bit because this is really confusing for them to claim.
It's needed but not needed.

[SPEAKER_09]
Okay, and we did a video where someone on that that video pointed out that they would have to do a that Pfizer would have had to do a lot of work to remove the identification of SV 40 from the snap gene diagram.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yes, this is true.
So I even put a substack up to enable anyone to replicate this.
And I've had now four or five people on Twitter who don't have an electric biology background download the software, perform the work, and within 10 or 15 minutes find the SV40 components because it automatically annotates them when you load the subs.
What does that mean?
It's kind of like when you boot your computer and it automatically gives you a particular screen, someone would have to close it.
So someone at Pfizer had to remove this sequence before handing it into the into the regulators.
So there's some type of seed.

[SPEAKER_09]
Okay.
And what what has
So basically Pfizer has been accused of deceiving the regulators the regulators didn't know about this plot Pfizer clearly did they didn't communicate to the regulators What is the public statement that has been issued by Pfizer to explain this?

[SPEAKER_12]
I haven't seen anything, and I should clarify, some people have pointed out to me that, I think Robert Koning has been doing this, that it may not be Pfizer, it may be Biontech, there's a legal difference, so I've not heard from either organization.
as to what they plan to do about this.
But for the audience who isn't up to speed on this, the SV40 component that's in here is actually quite important because there is a piece in there that's highly published for being used in gene therapy.
It drives DNA into the nucleus.
So even if the EMA thinks this is unnecessary for producing the vaccine, it is a necessary disclosure because it's a bioactive molecule that may have an impact on the patients you inject it in.
And so it's not something you can just turn the other way and say it's irrelevant.
So we're very interested to find out where they go with this, because the estimates we're seeing are that there are hundreds of billions of these molecules in some doses.
And they're short, and they're inside the LNPs, and they have nuclear targeting sequences, which means that they can potentially interact with your genome, integrate or cause other abnormalities in your genome.

[SPEAKER_09]
If you were at the FDA and in charge of the decision as to whether to stop this product recall it warn the public what would you do.

[SPEAKER_12]
I would have stopped this a long time ago just based on everything else.
You've been screaming about Steve.
There's no shortage of evidence of failure here, but this one is in their lane.
This is what they're supposed to be there for.
The whole reason the FDA exists dates back to thalidomide and drugs that are contaminated.
We have a contaminated drug.
They know about it.
They were deceived.
This is the time for them to to step up and reinforce their trust in the public.
If they don't do this, what are they there for?
Is it going to be citizen scientists have to run around and spot check their drugs?
And where's the world apparently?

[SPEAKER_09]
That's what that's what it seems like.

[SPEAKER_12]
So so the bottom line is that if you were there, you would stop this drug.
long time ago.
But if you don't do it now, then there's... Go to the FDA's website.
They brag that 25% of every dollar is regulated by their process.
If this is their version of customer support, we need to stop doing this.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.
So it's ridiculous.
Not only that the FDA is not responding, but no other health agency in the world is calling for taking this vaccine off the market.
And, um, I would predict that if the FDA were to say, we're taking it off the market until we can investigate what the implications are, what do you think would happen with all the other health agencies in the entire world?
Wouldn't they do exactly the same thing within minutes after the FDA did it?

[SPEAKER_12]
They tend to follow the FDA, which is a sad state of affairs in the global health regulatory system because they haven't earned that respect.
The other agencies should act less in unison and more as individual agencies, if you will.
So unfortunately, I think you're right.
That's probably what would happen.
Now, it may be a good thing to get these off the market, but it's a bad thing to getting them on the market, is that when the FDA declares something's good, you get a hurt effect of lemmings that march a long step with what they declare, which means it's a very dangerous regulatory system because it's prone to capture.
If it's that centralized, you have to bribe and, you know, PDUFA act one agency to get the rest of the world to file a suit.
That's too much centralization.
We can't have that.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yes.
And that actually happens.
I mean, I spoke recently to the head of a very well-known agency.
And that person told me point blank that they don't want to take the political heat of making the decision.
But of course, if the FDA made the decision, then they would follow suit immediately.

[SPEAKER_12]
Right.
Right.

[SPEAKER_09]
That's where we're at.
So next step.
So let's talk about, certainly the FDA is not going to investigate what the implications of this are.
Certainly no health authority in the world is going to ask Pfizer to investigate the implications of this because it would be a tacit admission that they don't know what the
what the implications of this are.
So this means it is up to the public to protect the public from the government health regulators and authorities.
And so can you describe what's going to be going on in terms of the research and the cost for that research to find out what the implications are?

[SPEAKER_12]
So there's a couple CLIA laboratories that have contacted us.
The CLIA laboratory is a laboratory that's allowed to do human subject research.
So you need to have that license in the United States to perform tests on humans because it's important to give them informed consent.
And we need to take that very seriously because informed consent didn't happen on these vaccines and we're not gonna try and fight back by cheating the way they did.
All right, so we want CLIA laboratories involved so that they can adequately get human
biopsies, tissue, blood, whatever it is they're going to test under proper informed consent so they can start using PCR to look for remnants of these vaccines in people who are injured and people who aren't injured.
We're going to need to do both.
We've got to do people who have taken them, who haven't taken them, and who have taken them and are injured.
Look at all three populations to see does the contamination correlate with symptoms.
And so there is an effort right now with several different researchers that I've been in contact with to organize this.
Some people want to look at non-invasive tissues because those are a little bit easier to get through an institutional review board.
When you do some of these large studies, you need to have the bioethics reviewed.
We're not going to do this through the Fauci mechanism of having your wife rubber stamp your bioethics.
It's going to be done through a proper IRB, which means that it's a little easier to do samples that are like saliva, stool, semen, things that don't require needles to get access to.
The next level would be to actually look at blood.
And there's some groups we're speaking to that want to look at blood as well.
You know, blood's a little bit more invasive.
You've got to get a needle in someone's arm to get blood.
You need a phlebotomist there.
But it can be done.
That type of clinical research can be done to look to see if we see these in monocytes.
Monocytes are what have been published to have the longest duration of spike protein.
So we've seen this from Patterson's work.
And we've also seen this from Bansal's work, where there is spike protein circulating four months to maybe a couple hundred days.
patients.
Also, plasma in blood has been reported to have the RNA circulating for at least 28 days.
And then the third thing, which actually may fall under the first category, but is a little bit secondary to this, is there have been some questions about breast milk.
How long does this last in the breast milk?
And already a couple studies are out on that.
They just didn't differentiate between
the DNA contaminant versus the RNA.
Not as important as the first two studies, but it is something that we're considering.
So what is needed to get this done is we need CLIA and CAP laboratories that are interested in doing this.
We have a few that have raised their hands, and now we're in the process of writing sort of a research proposal on what we would go about doing in this.
And the first stage is to get somewhere between 500 and 1,000 patients to survey with PCR whether there is any of this vaccine contaminant floating around in their tissues.
If we find high levels of them, those individual patients will then be consented for human genome sequencing, do whole genome sequencing to look for integration events.
Probably done in Oxford Nanopore so that we can understand the, it's a particular type of sequencer that's good at finding integration events.
So it'll start with the PCR screen, that'll be phase one.
If we get nothing there, that'll be a huge relief.
We'll announce that, that, hey, we've scanned all these people, we didn't find anything, and everyone can rest assured it's really just the spike protein that's causing all these problems.
If we do find something, we'd go to phase two, which would be to go and scan these things with whole genome sequencing to look for the integration events.
If any of those showed up, who knows if the FDA would even pay attention then, but I'm certain most of the oncologists in the world will.

[SPEAKER_09]
What's the cost for doing this research and has Pfizer reached out and offered to fund it or has the FDA or the NIH offered to fund it?

[SPEAKER_12]
Pfizer, you know, you haven't seen their stock lately.
They don't have any money, Steve.
So they're not going to fund this.
But no, the 100 billion they've collected, I don't think is going to be handed over our way.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, I also don't think that.

[SPEAKER_12]
I don't think the NIH is going to do this either because they have a $400 million royalty check coming from the vaccine program as well.
So to the extent that they fund something, they'll probably fund it with proximal origins like demanded conclusion in advance.
And I don't think the community is going to accept that.

[SPEAKER_09]
So nobody's throwing any dollars at you, Kevin.

[SPEAKER_12]
No, no one's throwing dollars at me.
Just hate on Twitter, so it's a lovely place to be.

[SPEAKER_09]
I just wanted to clarify that you're not being inundated with dollars coming from the agencies or from any health authority anywhere in the world, state health authority.
Nobody wants to know this answer.
Nobody wants to know whether it's safe or not.
Let's make that very clear.

[SPEAKER_12]
Nobody wants to know.
They will fund things that tell you it's safe.
I think that's what will happen, is there will be programs funded to set up experiments that probably are designed to not find it.
And I'm sure you're familiar with this with your hydroxychloroquine trials and everything else, Steve.
This is the way the game's played.

[SPEAKER_09]
So what's the cost?
What is the cost?
If somebody, if there's a wealthy donor wants to find out the truth, what's the cost?

[SPEAKER_12]
So I don't operate the CLIA labs, but what I've been told from a few of them is this is probably in the $200,000 range.
And it may take 30 to 60 days to get initiated if the IRB is in place.
So IRBs, if you already have one in place that you can modify, you can get going faster.
If you don't have one, that could delay it a couple months by getting an IRB.
So there are some time variables on getting it done based on getting the IRBs in place.
Now, the PCR side of this could be done very, very quickly and is probably 25% of the cost.
It's when you graduate to sequencing where the expense goes up.
So it's important we screen, you know, thousands of patients with PCR that way, because we don't know what the adverse event rate is, really.
I mean, we've heard one in 100, one in 800.
It varies based on what literature you look at.
So we're not going to find this in every patient.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, so basically $50,000 to start.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, probably 50K to get started on phase one and 150 for phase two would be my guess.
But we'll know a little more precision on phase two once we get through the first round of this.
If there are no positives in phase one, then there is no phase two.
If there's a limited number of positives, there's less sequencing.
Excellent.
I have another call I'm five minutes late for, so I'm sorry to cut and run like this, but that's kind of, if you guys need more info, Steve, you can ring up on Friday or Saturday this weekend if there's other information you want, but happy to get more calls.

[SPEAKER_08]
Thanks.
Thanks, Kevin.

[SPEAKER_12]
All right.
Thanks, Steve.
All right.
Take care.

[SPEAKER_08]
Outstanding conversation, Steve.
There was a lot of information packed in there and hopefully we can get that trial going.
I hope, yes, I'm optimistic.
Excellent.
Well, let's follow that up with bringing on our first guest, Jeff Childers.
Let me bring him up on the screen here.
Welcome back to the program, Jeff.
I'm going to read your bio for those that aren't familiar with you real quick, even though we had you on not that long ago, but it was important that we bring you back tonight.
You are the author of the popular daily blog Coffee and COVID, and you run Childers Law LLC in Gainesville, Florida.
Jeff has served on the board of directors of the Central and North Florida Bankruptcy Bar Associations.
And since the pandemic, you've been a pioneer in the legal fight against mask and vaccine mandates.
You've also litigated over education and a variety of civil rights issues.
Jeff, you were also the keynote at our first COVID litigation conference and we'll also be speaking at CLC2 coming up in Vegas in March.
Welcome back, Jeff.
And I want to just say one thing, Tricia Lindsay was going to join, but she has a flat tire and is on the side of the road.
Maybe she'll make it home and we'll be able to join us a little bit later in the program.

[SPEAKER_11]
All right.
Well, thanks.
Uh, it's great to be here again so soon.
I didn't expect it, but given the pace of events these days, I'm not surprised.
Steve.
Great to see you.

[SPEAKER_09]
Great to see you, Jeff.
I'm sorry we didn't get Tricia here.

[SPEAKER_08]
All right, well I'll leave you guys to it for a little bit and if Tricia comes back I'll bring her on before the Q&A.

[SPEAKER_09]
OK, let's get started here.
So I got a just recently just got a voice message from a person who works in Naomi Wolf's team looking at the Pfizer documents.
And he said, look, you know, it's pretty clear that they had fraud on the number of deaths that they had.
And they lied to the FDA about that.
Um, so if they lied to the FDA about the number of deaths, but the FDA says that's okay.
No problem.
No harm, no foul.
Uh, they still have liability protection or not.

[SPEAKER_11]
So if they falsify their EUA application and you can prove they did it intentionally, then, uh, you probably lift all their liability protection.
That's my guess.
Now, these are insanely complex statutes and regulations, right?
And, you know, one of the things I like to remind people is this didn't start yesterday.
It didn't even start in March of 2020.
I mean, the PREP Act was passed in, what, 2002?
something like that, it's over 20 years old.
They've been working on this stuff for a long time and refining it and making it stronger.
Everybody knows, Steve, that tobacco causes cancer, right?
And look how long it took to get to the tobacco companies.
And they didn't have liability protection.
It still took an enormous amount of time and effort now.
I don't think it's going to take as long to get to the drug makers as it took to get to the tobacco manufacturers because the shots are more dangerous than tobacco.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, I think you're right.
Because a huge number of people have been affected affected by this and some somewhere on the order of a million people have lost their lives because of this vaccine in the past few years.
And and it was mandated on people.
It wasn't like smoking where you could voluntarily choose to do the trade off here.
These things where you either got the jab or you lost your job.
OK, so let me amplify your point is that what you're going to be telling us is your opinion.
And everybody's got an opinion and lawyers have opinions and judges have opinions.
And at the end of the day, the Supreme Court justices have the the the opinion that gets accepted by everyone.
So their opinion matters, yours not so much, but it's always helpful to to hear opinions and and viewpoints on this.
So the next question is, of course, they didn't they erase the SV 40 out of the diagrams that they gave the FDA for some reason.
Pfizer is not commenting on this and the the FDA is not asking them just to ask them.
Why did you, you know, fool us?
on this one, like, how come you didn't tell us this?
So they're not asking the question, Pfizer's not answering it, and Pfizer's not issuing any press release to explain how the SV40 disappeared from the documents that they gave the FDA.
It is a mystery how that happened.
But nobody really wants to talk about this.
Now, there is a provision in the Prep Act which says that you can't have willful misconduct unless the DOJ sues the FDA first.
So this protects, of course, the drug companies or they sue the drug companies first.
This protects the drug companies because then nobody can lay a hand on them for any kind of mischief if the government doesn't do it first.
And the chance of the Biden administration doing it first is, of course, zero.
Statistically zero.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, so it's hilarious because nobody wants to talk about it.
Like you said, right.
But you've got this monkey DNA contaminating the most safe and effective shots in human history.
Right.
And normally people freak out about any kind of contamination.
Right.
So like if my wife finds a hair in her salad, that's it.
Dinner's over, right?
We're leaving.
You know, God forbid somebody finds a cockroach leg or something and there's probably going to be a lawsuit.

[SPEAKER_09]
Especially if you bite into it and the breast of the cockroach is there or just the leg is there and the rest of the cockroach is not.

[SPEAKER_11]
Right.
You got a little leg sticking out between your teeth.
But how about if they injected the cockroach into you?
How do you think people would react about that?

[SPEAKER_09]
That'd be an interesting question to go out on.
And yet there's.
Yeah, it'd be interesting to ask people that.
Right.
But yeah, so you could ask them the question about the fly in the soup.
And then you then you ask, well, what if they put a fly in your vex or fly DNA in your vaccine?
Would that be an OK thing to do?
And they didn't tell you about it.
They put fly DNA in your vaccine that was injected into you and they didn't tell you about it.
How do you feel about that?
So let me ask you, because all of this at the end of the day, Jeff, all of this is the judge is supposed to interpret the intent of Congress in making the law.
Right.
They're guided by the letter of the law first.
And if the letter of the law is not clear, then they go and the judge's job is to try to assess what he thinks the intent of Congress was in creating the law.
Right.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah.
So let me explain it this way.
Let me give you some inside baseball, because what I'm going to tell you tonight is I think that we're inside the 10 yard line.
And we're that close.
We're one play away from getting it into the end zone.
And Kevin McKernan is a hero.
I mean, he's the guy.
that, that turn this whole thing around.
And, and ultimately I think, you know, when they tell the story about what happened, uh, Kevin, there's going to be a chapter that starts with Kevin and it's going to be all about when things shifted, you know, and listen, I'm speculating, but I find it very interesting.
The timing of the government stopping paying for the, the jabs, not pushing them.
Only 2% of people took them this year.
Right?
They're, they're not, and Pfizer stopped going down the drain.
And all of that happens, Steve, in the months following Kevin's first paper that he published.
Finding the DNA contamination.
I don't, I don't think that accident.
So let me tell you about litigation.
Cause everybody wants to know about, you know, can we sue Pfizer?
Can we sue Pfizer?
And I'm just like, okay, calm down.
We're getting there.
But.
There's two parts to a lawsuit.
There's the legal side, which is all the law, right?
The Prep Act, court decisions interpreting the Prep Act, other liability statutes, common law, fraud, things like that.
And then there's the factual argument.
This is where you have witnesses and experts and documents and maybe vials and pictures of electron microscopes and things like that.
That's called evidence.
So on the one hand, you've got the law.
And on the other hand, you have evidence.
And so cases will vary.
on how much conflict there is on one side or the other.
Now, really off the chain case, you're gonna be fighting about the law and fighting about edits, right?
Nobody's gonna agree on anything.
In some cases, the law settled, but you can't agree on what happened.
This is like your typical he said, she said case, right?
There was only two people there and they each have a different story.
Then there's cases where everybody agrees on the facts, but they don't agree on how the law gets applied.
That is the easiest and most straightforward case of all, right?
That one is going to be on a greased skid and it's going to go right through the legal system.
When you have a case where you have big disputes about the facts and the evidence, that's where you get bogged down.
That's where cases get super expensive and you're taking lots of depositions and you're traveling to places and you're hiring experts and you know, all that kind of stuff.
And so where we need to get, and this ties right into where you left off with Kevin, where we need to get is we need to get those scientists to get our facts into as much into the undisputed category as possible, right?
They need to keep doing those studies.
And they need to really nail this thing down until we have something that's undeniable to put in front of a court.
And when we get there, and I think we could get there within the next 12 months, then all we'll be fighting about is the law.
And that's how the PREP Act applies and that kind of thing.
So it's critical.

[SPEAKER_08]
We lost him.
It's like we did last time.
Oh, right on the critical there.
He's back.
Let me get him back.

[SPEAKER_09]
Oh, he's back.
Okay.
I thought it was going to be, wow, they, they snatched him away right at the critical moment.
Right.

[SPEAKER_08]
That would lead to conspiracy theories.
Of course we got to back.
Stand by.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_11]
OK, all right.
Nothing like a cliffhanger, right?
To keep everybody.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.

[SPEAKER_09]
We were we were, you know, it's like come back after a commercial break.

[SPEAKER_11]
Tune in next week for the exciting conclusion.

[SPEAKER_09]
Same bad time, same bad channel.

[SPEAKER_11]
There you go.
So what I was going to say is when I, you know, I typed out some notes, you know, for ideas for the show and everything, and one of them is a list of suggestions for where I think we should go next.
And number one on my list of suggestions was funding grants.
For these scientists to keep doing the work and keep pushing that, you know, ball forward down the field, those last few yards and these human tests that Kevin was talking about.
I mean, that is critical.
If we show that, um, you know, uh, contaminated DNA showing up in humans and in their cells, if we could get that, this thing would be 99% of the way there and we could go fight about PrEP.
So we've got to fund them.
I mean, that's critical.

[SPEAKER_09]
Right.
Yeah.
I mean, you know, there are some comments about, you know, hey, there are all these side effects in a vaccine that we know about already that doesn't seem to have moved the needle here.
So if Kevin finds that, oh, my gosh, this thing modifies your DNA and it modifies the DNA of your children and it modifies the DNA of their sperm and all this.
Uh, couldn't they just say, ah, well, you know, who knows what that's probably nothing.
And, and it's just minor.
It's a, you know, it's like what they said about myocarditis.
It's just mild.
It's mild and, uh, just a mild modification.
Like, could they do that?
Or do you think that it's that this is going to.

[SPEAKER_11]
go ballistic on the on.
Yeah, on the one hand, they've already survived a bunch of lies, right?
They first told us it was 95% effective at stopping transmission of COVID.
And that turned out to be a lie.
It's 0% effective at stopping transmission, essentially.
What's that said negative mRNA negative, right, right, negative efficacy.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, it's not just worse, it makes it more and more likely to be infected.
It's always people who've gotten all the shots there.
They're more
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_11]
Okay.
You're good.
You're definitely getting sick if you take the shot.
All right.
So the other thing was they told you, told us that the mRNA remains in the injection site, right?
And that localized in that site and doesn't spread throughout the body.
And what, yet what did we find out?
It goes everywhere.
It goes everywhere.
It goes to the brain, to the spleen, to breast milk, to
semen to your skin.
There's people with horrible skin conditions, right?
From this spike protein, it goes everywhere.
That's the exact opposite of what they told us.
They also said that the mRNA would be metabolized in a few days.
And yet we have studies that ended at 180 days and they're still finding mRNA, not just spike, Steve, but mRNA.
right?
And then we find out they called it mRNA, but it's not really mRNA.
It's mod RNA, right?
Because they substituted the pseudo-uridine and therefore made it basically indestructible.
So we don't know how long it's going to... And they've survived all of those, but this one, if we can show that it gets into a cell nucleus and
becomes integrated with the existing DNA I think that's it.
I think that will finish them.

[SPEAKER_09]
So shouldn't it finish them though, that you, you sign this informed consent, the informed consent said, here's the list of active ingredients.
And now it turns out, ha ha ha, we fooled you.
There is another active ingredient we didn't tell you about.
Uh, that's okay on, on right.
Because the prep act protects them against that.
We can't sue.
There's nothing.
So so here's the thing if there's contamination in the vials, there's glass contamination in the vials Moderna recalled their vials this hospital didn't get the message the hospital injected patient patient.
I don't know was died or had severe blood clots And the judge determined that the prep app doesn't protect them so couldn't
you argue that, whoa, you didn't tell me about the SV40.
It's an active ingredient.
That's fraud.
You prep act protected what the FDA approved, which, and the FDA didn't even know about the SV40, even though the gene sequence that was given by Pfizer had the SV40 in it.
So the question is, for
Pfizer could say that, well, the FDA did approve it because we gave them the gene sequence and what we injected into you is the same gene sequence that we gave them.
And it's just that we didn't tell them about the SV40 like we should have, but that's a problem between us and the FDA in terms of whether we followed the regulations.
But we did give them the FASTA file and the FASTA file shows the SV40 promoter sequences in the
um, uh, was in the vaccine.
So there an FDA approved it.
So, um, maybe you have action against the FDA for not telling you about it, but is there, is there a liability here?

[SPEAKER_11]
A couple things and this is why I say we're, you know, we're, we're so close.
We're not there yet.
So number one, Steve, what was on the package insert?

[SPEAKER_09]
Uh, it was kind of nothing, right?

[SPEAKER_11]
Wasn't it like blank?
It was a whole lot of nothing.
Wasn't it?
So I saw it in a Congress.

[SPEAKER_09]
So you never get to see the package inserts, right?
Because they just inject the thing.
They don't give you the package inserts.
It's not like you open up the thing and supposed to read the package inserts.
They give you this little information sheet.
Okay.
But no, nobody normally sees that package insert, except for the people who work in the pharmacy.
or in your doctor's office.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, there's any number of videos that you can search and find in no time where people confront the pharmacist and ask for the package insert and he opens it up and it's blank.
It's a blank.
It's an extended form, like 11 by 17 piece of paper with nothing on it.

[SPEAKER_09]
And well, it has the name of the drug.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, right.
It's got the heading, but then it's all blind.
It's like 100 percent redacted.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.
So you know, this this page intentionally left blank, right?

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah.
And so I saw one, I stopped watching them because I saw one where the lady confronted the pharmacist, right.
And he opens it up and.
And, and he's, he's kind of a mild, you know, guy, introverted and, you know, and he opens it up and it was obvious he'd never seen it before.
Anything like that.
Right.
And I think he even said, I've never seen this before or something.
And so she started to give him a hard time.
How can you, how dare you, you know, give people this when there's no informed consent and there's no package insert.
And he was like, you know, saying, um, um, and then finally, I swear the guy looked like he was on the edge of tears and he said, I'm thinking about resigning.
And, uh, retiring and suddenly I realized, wow, you know, yes.
I mean, everybody got played all the way down the line.
And, uh, the point though is that, that they never represented anything to us.
Right.
We should have never let them get away with those empty package inserts.
because now they're going to say, well, we, we didn't put, we, we, if we, if anybody had asked us for it, we would have shown them the SB 40 or whatever.
Right.

[SPEAKER_09]
So, but they're, they're supposed to be known.
You're supposed to be given this informed consent where you're, they list the active ingredients on it.
You sign off on the informed consent saying you've reviewed the active ingredients, blah, blah, blah.
And then they, they hit you with the shot.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yes, absolutely.
But my point is, it's not just the SV 40.
They didn't tell you anything that was in that shot.
Right.
So if we had a good informed consent case against them, we could we could have already run it.

[SPEAKER_09]
Why hasn't someone done that?

[SPEAKER_11]
So that's
because it's not that easy, but let's not go down that rabbit hole because there's a bigger issue because the SB4 needs something.
I mean, I'm super excited about this.
Like I said, I think, you know, we just went from like hour 35 to air seven and we're that close.
And so,
The problem though is when you were talking about the FASTA file and the SB 40 promoter gene and stuff like that, I'll bet you half of the people watching on Rumble right now don't know what you're talking about.
Like what a FASTA file is and you talk pretty fast and it went right by like that.
You said FASTA file fast.
And what an attorney has to do, not only do we have to understand it so that we can then think about how to apply the law to it, but then I got to explain it to a judge.
And answer the judge's ad hoc questions, some of which are going to be good questions that could stump me.
And some of which are going to be terrible questions out of left field.
And I don't know if it's a good question or not until I become an expert in the subject matter.
And right now, you know, the guys, it was, uh, I, I watched, um, you had Kevin and two other scientists on, there was four of you, uh, recently, and you were talking about this, right?
And the scientists started talking to each other and that was the most fascinating part.
of that interview for me is that collaboration that I saw happening in real time.
And I didn't understand it.
except for bits and pieces, right?
But I could see that sparks were flying and the juice was going through the wires.

[SPEAKER_09]
That's right.
Jessica Rose commented on that about it.
She said she loves seeing it because it was like this real time collaboration.
Wires getting connected and so forth.
She said it was very cool.
She really loved it.

[SPEAKER_11]
So the second thing on my list of suggestions is, you know, what can we do to help is we can help facilitate that collaboration in any way possible through technology, through, you know, setting up base camp or
you know, slack or, you know, getting them all on bulletin boards.
I don't know what, but whatever we can do to get all the allied scientists talking so they don't have to wait for each other to publish papers, right?
Let's get them, you know, sharing information.
I tried this in the lab yesterday and this is what happened.
Uh, or, or host a conference or, you know, host a virtual conference and, you know, just get them all on there and let them talk to each other.
I don't know.
But.
is, you know, this, this idea of civil liability, I want to throw a curve ball at you.
Okay.
And, and so I, like I said, I think, you know, we're on a fast track version of the tobacco litigation process or whatever you want to call it.
Um, and, and we can get to civil liability, but there's a different, there's a whole different angle.
There's a different route and that is criminal liability.
And once again, if we can get the evidence nailed down with the scientists by funding grants for them to do solid research, then we can hand that to some state attorneys general or solicitors general.
And like in the Missouri v. Biden case, let them bring the litigation.
And then when they go into court, listen, the courts respect
the state solicitors general way more than they respect a guy like me.
And so you can get amazing results, like what we're seeing in Missouri v Biden, where the court, you know, hope.
Yeah.
Well, the whole federal.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.
I mean, the other thing is, of course, is that the state prosecutors are able to bring criminal charges and you are not.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, I can't do it in large criminal.
And
So what can happen with the criminal prosecution?
Number one is some people can go to jail, which I think a lot of the folks would really love to see some people go into jail for this, but, um, they can also levy ginormous fines.
I mean, what has Pfizer already paid in criminal fines?
And then that money can go to victims.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yep.
That'd be awesome.

[SPEAKER_11]
And they've got billions where those first criminal billion.
Yep.
No, that'd be, and so I think, yeah.
And so my suggestion is going to be that we have a team, you know, working on putting that package together and trying to find the first state AG or state solicitor general who take the case.
Even if we have to run somebody.
Let's run.
If we have to, we'll run someone off as primary.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, if needed.
Okay.
Let's, uh, Hey, Livia, let's, let's take, uh, some audience questions.
Oh, and there's this someone, there's someone in the chat here.
It's, uh, do you know about the, uh, uh, Berea tea?

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, she's, he or she is gone.
Oh, you were able to eject.
We were able to eject.
Yeah, thank you for all of those.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, it would have been fun to have had.
Maybe we should have our next episode having a conversation with me and Berea.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, if they're still out there and want to come back in the future, we'd be happy to have them on.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, let's have you on and let's have a discussion, you know, because it's great that Bariah T is engaging in the chat.
But let's go and up a level so we can find out, you know, hey, maybe we're just spouting misinformation, but Bariah T is saying no SV40 in any of those mRNA vaccines.
I saw it.
Right.

[SPEAKER_08]
They don't back their claims with any...

[SPEAKER_09]
I got a lot of questions for Berea.
I hope she'll join us as a guest on our next show.
She'll probably be back under a different name.

[SPEAKER_11]
I think I know what she's talking about if you want to get into that.

[SPEAKER_09]
What's that?
Sure.
Go ahead.

[SPEAKER_11]
So your tweet where you first said, you know, it's time to sue Pfizer or whatever.
A bunch of folks have fact-checked that.
Healthfeedback.org did a pretty substantial write-up.
They fact-checked you and Kevin and everything.
Essentially, they made five points.
I think Berea is wrong about that.
They admitted there was SV 40 and health Canada's admitted there was SV 40 in the question as admitted.
There's this.
But the fact check said there was 40.
No, it didn't.
It admitted it.
But what they're saying right now is that the SV 40 may have inadvertently wound up, but it's been cut up and it's not bioactive, which is the opposite of what
I don't know if the Health Canada people really meant to endorse the bioactivity of SV 40 when they made that comment in their email, but they did say that.
And I think you can rely on that until they retract it.
But there were some other arguments and I saw it.

[SPEAKER_09]
Or Health Canada could say that, um, however we defer to the experts at health feedback for, um, uh, for medical information, because we're not the experts here.
You really need to rely on health feedback and that'd be pretty funny.

[SPEAKER_11]
You're an optimist.
Yeah.
No, but you know, they quibbled about things like, yeah.
They quibbled about things like whether the PCR test, which didn't show as much residual DNA versus fluorometry, which showed it all over the place.
So they interviewed some quote unquote expert who said that PCR was the preferred way and fluorometry could pick up RNA as well as DNA and therefore skew the results.
And I think that's what Maria was was talking about specifically.
But they said they did say with regard to the S.B.
40.
No, no, no, no, no, no.

[SPEAKER_09]
She wrote point blank that there's no S.B.
40.
in the MRNA vaccines.
It is true that there is no SV40 that has been found in the Moderna vaccine, but the SV40 promoter sequence has been found in all Pfizer vials.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, I think she's just confused.
Um, some of the other language that she used sounded like it came from that, that fact check.
But, but what they're saying is, and I think we're going to hear this from here until the end is that there's quote unquote no evidence that the SV 40 inadvertently included has caused any harm to anyone or poses any additional risk.
And so that's what Kevin was talking about by doing the human testing, right?
Is we got to get to the end point and show that there has been harm.
And then we can delete that entire silly argument that they're going to make until the cows come home.
And I'll tell you what Pfizer is going to say.
You know, there's the snap gene thing where,
You know what Pfizer submitted in their EUA doesn't show the SV 40 section, but if you load up snap gene and you put the data in, boom, it like automatically identifies it and it shows up right.
And even, even somebody who doesn't know how to use the software can do that.
So, but what Pfizer was going to say is that they submitted a simplified diagram with all the important parts on it.
And that the SB 40 wasn't important.
And we're going to get fired up.
We're going to get bogged down.
That's not going to fly.

[SPEAKER_09]
That'll be, that'll be really damaging.
But that's a good, that's a good defense.
I mean, yeah, it wasn't the active ingredient wasn't significant.
Boy, that, that, that might even fool some people.

[SPEAKER_11]
I want to, you know, the people who want to believe it won't, it won't take much.

[SPEAKER_09]
That's right.
It won't take much.
If you want to believe it will not take much.
Speaking of which, before we get into, before we do Livio's next question, Jeff, I wrote an article about research I did showing 3.5 times so many people died from, uh, the vaccine as from COVID.
What do you think?
Yeah.
Do you think I'm telling the truth or do you think, do you think I was making it up?

[SPEAKER_11]
Well, the first thing I'm going to credit you with is to my knowledge, you are the only person trying to determine that number.
And by say, when I say no, when I include all of our mega funded government bloated bureaucracy, health agencies who are not trying to figure out
Yeah.
We've got this.
They complain all the time about VAERS, right?
Oh, you know, VAERS isn't reliable.
VAERS is this.
VAERS is that it's an ancient, antiquated system and it's really hard to use, which is why it's so under-reported.
But where's their fix?
It's been three years.
Is it in the works?
Is the new improved bears coming along any minute now so that we can find out how many people are getting injured since bears are unreliable?
No.
Yeah, well, they're the question.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, they had to fix and they pulled the plug on it.
True.
It's in Kennedy's book.
That's right.
It was like 10, 10 or 20 years ago.
They had a fix and it worked marvelously and it showed that all the vaccines were dangerous.
And so they canceled the project.
That's why we don't have a better system, because the better system would detect that all of these vaccines are dangerous.
So they pulled the plug.
on the better system because it showed all the vaccines were, were killing people.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah.
What we have in VAERS is engineered ambiguity.
It's engineered ambiguity.
It's on purpose.
Yep.

[SPEAKER_08]
Steve, you had a little online tussle with Alex Berenson and I want to share his tweet to your post and get both of your takes on him countering, even bothering to bring up these lawsuits.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.
So he basically said, and it's been a while since I read this, oh, fantasy, that it's a fantasy that you can sue these guys.
And the answer is that, no, it's not a fantasy at all.
Or maybe it's a shared fantasy, because lots of people seem to think that it's pretty credible, including the lawyers that I've talked to.
So everybody will have their point of view on what the law and what the law protects.
And Aaron Seary will say, hey, I just filed a lawsuit on the Prep Act.
And I don't file lawsuits if I don't think I can win them.
And I feel very good about this case.
So there's always a confluence of things that happen.
And, you know, you can sue the drug companies on anything at any time.
And it's just a question of whether you're going to win or not and whether you're going to get thrown out of court.
And so here you have reasonable
reasonable case.
So, Jeff, if I went into a court and said, hey, look, I got damaged, this vaccine has an unknown ingredient, this SV40 promoter sequence that the FDA didn't know about, it's never been studied, and I was damaged, and I don't think the FDA knew to approve this vaccine,
Would I get thrown out of court everywhere?
Or could I win?
Or what kind of odds would you give me going into court with trying to leverage that Michigan glass in the vials decision?

[SPEAKER_11]
OK.
So I want to step back from trying to apply that.
very, very obvious contamination case to ours since we don't have the facts quite developed yet.
But put up, put Alex's tweet back up.
Alex doesn't know what he's talking about.
Steve, you are way more correct than Alex was.
And I don't even 100% agree with you.
Like I said, I think we're inside the 10 yard line and not quite there yet.
Alex said your lawsuit based on contamination wouldn't even get to the motion to dismiss stage.
Now, that's ridiculous.
While theoretically possible that a judge could toss a lawsuit for being totally frivolous, I mean, they let pro se people file things on the back of
of a U-Haul rental agreement or something, and that's their complaint.
And so that's dumb.
And by the way, I have a fondness for Alex.
I mean, he's not everybody's cup of tea.
And I certainly don't agree with him about everything, but I admire what he did early on in the COVID, in the pandemic, back when there was just a few of us.
But he's way off base here.
He doesn't know what he's talking about.
And I think what I told you tonight,
is I think that your case that you described could survive a motion to dismiss, and that's the hardest part.
Everything's getting flushed at the motion to dismiss stage right now, but I think we have enough evidence to survive the motion to dismiss.
What I'm concerned about as a litigator is that we're going to get bogged down in the evidentiary process, is that we don't have enough evidence that's clear
and convincing yet to get it over the hump.
And if there's any ambiguity at all, we're up against the most well-funded enemies in probably the history of mankind.
So my quibble is not about getting the motion to dismiss.
You know, two months ago, I would have said, yeah, you're going to get dismissed.
They'll flush you on standing or, you know, they'll apply the prep acts liability protection, or you didn't follow the administrative procedure, right?
Or you didn't exhaust your administrative remedies first.
I mean, there's a million ways they can do it, but now, now your past motion to dismiss and Alex is crazy.
He's wrong.
Okay.
If that makes you feel better.

[SPEAKER_09]
Sure.
I didn't, uh, I didn't agree with what he said.
And, and certainly the lawyers I talked to didn't agree with what he said.
And I am kind of silly.
I trust the, the lawyers more than, than Alex, but I also trust the evidence and my understanding of the law and my reading of the law as well.
And so I put all those together and I determined that I believe that Alex is not standing on solid ground.

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, let's let's go to a question.

[SPEAKER_09]
And he wouldn't, of course, debate me or engage me on this topic.

[SPEAKER_08]
So, right.
And he was invited to do that.
He won't.
What did you do?
Did you invite him to this?
I believe Angela reached out to him and.
I have to ask Angela, if you're back there, Angela, what his response was?
but apparently didn't respond.

[SPEAKER_09]
Okay.

[SPEAKER_08]
All right.
Get them on in the future.

[SPEAKER_09]
Okay.
Next question.

[SPEAKER_08]
All right.
Let's go to our first question is from the truth provider.
Can the HHS secretary wave current good manufacturing practices?
See GMP for EUA products such as that Pfizer is released from liability for DNA and SV 40 contamination.

[SPEAKER_09]
Great question.

[SPEAKER_11]
Hey, turn that off.

[SPEAKER_08]
Oh, I think Jeff's got a little bandwidth issue.
I don't know if you saw that Jeff.
Oh, yeah.

[SPEAKER_09]
They must be watching a movie or something.
Yeah, playing a game or something.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_08]
Jeff, did you see the question by any chance?

[SPEAKER_11]
Can you hear?

[SPEAKER_08]
They just

[SPEAKER_11]
No, the kids turned a movie on and I lost you guys.
So I had to go handle that.
What's the question?

[SPEAKER_08]
Let me put it back up on the screen here.
It is from the truth provider.
Can the HHS secretary wave current good manufacturing practices for EUA products such that Pfizer is released from liability for DNA and SV 40 contamination?

[SPEAKER_11]
Well, that's a good question.
I – my guess is that at this point the HHS secretary has plenary authority and a lot of latitude.
I don't know specifically if the secretary would have that particular authority to waive that, especially waive it retroactively.
But I think – I don't
I think the argument's gonna get down in the weeds that far.
I think at the end of the day, if we get the evidence that my gut tells me that we're headed toward, and when I say that, I say it as a litigator who's tried, I don't know how many cases, and Doug, for evidence, I don't remember how many times, and so my gut is pretty good.
I mean, you start to see things lining up a certain way, and just like any professional, you get a sense of how things are gonna go, and my sense is that the way that the evidence is gonna
develop is going to let us make an argument that, and I'm going out on a limb a little bit here, but I think we're going to be able to make the argument that the product that Pfizer injected into people's arms was not the product that was EUA approved.
It was a different product and therefore it never had EUA approval at all.
That's where I'm hoping to get.
And it feels like we're, we're headed toward it.
And that's an easy argument to make to a judge.
A judge will get that.
Right.
You say judge wasn't the same vaccine.
It was a different vaccine judge.
They ran one through and their paper said it was safe, but that wasn't the one that they injected into people.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, it's like if you if you put arsenic in the vaccines and you didn't tell the FDA that that you put arsenic in the vaccine, but the genetic sequence for arsenic is in the vaccine.
Do you does the judge give you a pass?

[SPEAKER_11]
Here's a here's a better analogy.
Let's say
They had vaccine A or process one, that was what they put through EUA.
And then process two, they improved the formula and made it safer and more effective, but they didn't go back and get EUA on it.
They would still be liable because that was never approved.

[SPEAKER_09]
Right.

[SPEAKER_11]
Now, there's a lot of like potential landmines here.
Uh, and I don't want to get too far into the weeds.
I'm an optimist.
Um, I think Pfizer will eventually get in the middle of how it works out in Moderna, probably one product, Moderna.
We'll probably, uh, you know, get squashed as well.
Um, but at the end of the day, is it going to be a DOD product and Pfizer and Mirna were just, you know, marketing entities?
Uh, they would still have liability being in the chain of production, but DOD is going to have sovereign immunity.
So we're not going to be able to sue those guys.
Just a thought.

[SPEAKER_08]
Here's a question from DRLora.
Why can't we have a class action suit around this SV40 issue?

[SPEAKER_11]
So I think a class action suit is just positioned exactly the same as the hypothetical lawsuit I've been describing so far during the interview.
The class action process is just a way of bundling plaintiffs together so that you can get a bunch of people that you don't have to make actual contact with.
So if there's a million people who were injured, then you file it as a class action.
At this point, I'm not a big fan of the cloud action because we don't have a winning formula yet.
So, you know, as long as I keep running in with five or 10 plaintiffs and we lose, I learn a little bit.
I round up another five or 10 plaintiffs and we go take another crack at it.
You know, once we get the winning formula, then it'll be time for the class action.
Next question.

[SPEAKER_08]
I got a question from AKlewd9.
I'm going to read it a little differently than they wrote in the chat, but it says, to be able to sue, will a person have to individually prove that they have SV40 in their tissues and it transcribed into their genes per the Kevin McKernan tests?
Would it be enough to prove that SV40 is in the tissues or blood?

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, or taken another way, is it enough just to say that you got a different vaccine than was approved, even if you can't prove that SV40 damaged you?
If you can say you were damaged by the vaccine and the vaccine is basically an unapproved vaccine because it has the modification and therefore lifts the liability protection, do you have to prove that there is a connection between SV40 and your injuries?

[SPEAKER_11]
So if we get to the point that I'm hoping to get to, which is where we can show a court that what was put in the vials was materially different than what was submitted to the FDA in their paperwork.
If we can get to that point, then you would not have to prove individual harm because them injecting something into you without your knowledge, because you thought it was the one that had FDA approval, but they injected a non-approved one into you, that's just plain common law battery.
Now your damages are going to be related to how much you've been injured.
And so there probably is an amount of damages that doesn't require physical injury, like the fact that you're going to be anxious for the rest of your life, waiting for the other shoe to drop, right?
So that's some pain and suffering and emotional harms there.
But why can't you make that suit today?
Because we can't prove that what's in the vial is different from what they ran through EUA approval process.
We need the scientists to get it a little bit further along.
Because they're going to argue, listen, I know what you're going to say.
And you're going to say, well, they never disclosed the SV40.
And again, Pfizer is going to argue that's immaterial.
They're going to get in front of the judge.
And they're going to say, well, Judge,
You know, hey, judge, this happens in manufacturing, right?
It's it's not a perfect science, judge.
You know, we're below the regulatory threshold for the amount of DNA contamination.
It's allowed to be within each.
So here.
So here's into this.

[SPEAKER_09]
Right.
Right.
Right.
Regulatory threshold says 40, 40 or sorry, 10 nanograms per dose.
If you measure it with quantitative PCR, you get one value.
If you measure it with fluorometry, you get a second value.
Did it exceed the FDA threshold or not?
And as the answer, it depends on how the FDA wrote the regulation.

[SPEAKER_11]
This is how it works in court, Steve.
Let's say we go in with that case, which is the state of the art today.
Right.
And I don't like this state of the art.
I mean, I love it as progress, but I'm not ready to take it to court.
I don't want to fly it in the air yet, but.
What'll happen is you'll go into court and then we, the plaintiffs, will have an expert that'll say, Judge, the QPCR test is the gold standard.
And then Pfizer will put up 27 experts, sick of whom are Catholic priests, who will swear that fluorometry is the right way to do it.
or vice versa, whichever way benefits Pfizer, right?
And then the judge is going to have to decide between all those experts which one to believe.
I don't want to leave it to that chance.
I don't want to give the judge that room.

[SPEAKER_09]
I see.
So but wouldn't you just go directly to the FDA regulations?
And if the only thing it says is 10 nanograms per dose, if that was the only thing that you saw as the judge,
Then Kevin could argue that, Hey, the threshold was exceeded and using a poor way to measure or poor way to count is cheating.

[SPEAKER_11]
So then you get into all kinds of regulatory issues.
Like is the FDA allowed to choose which one it wants to rely on when it issues the EUA approval?
And, and, and beyond that,
Do we citizens even have standing to challenge that when we have a government agency whose job is to challenge that?
Isn't that the FDA's lawsuit to bring against Pfizer for fudging its test or using the wrong test or whatever?

[SPEAKER_10]
So, but we're this close.

[SPEAKER_11]
We're, we're in the yard line, man.
We're, we're going to get there.
We're going to get there.
We got to keep, we got to fund these guys and we got to keep them talking to each other.

[SPEAKER_09]
Okay.

[SPEAKER_08]
I'm seeing this question.
I want to ask you just to clarify it.
Can you please explain exactly what SV 40 is since that's been the topic tonight?

[SPEAKER_09]
Thank you so much.

[SPEAKER_11]
Where it's Steve.

[SPEAKER_09]
Oh, I'm not I'm not I don't claim to be an expert on this but the SV 40 there's an SB 40 virus.
There's SV 40 sequences that's talked about in the book turtles all the way down.
I read the book a while ago.
So but the the basic concept is that as the SV 40 promoter sequence is a smaller
subset of the whole SV 40 virus and the mechanism for this particular subset is that it will allow gene therapies effectively to get more effectively into cells if it is present than it is not present.
And so it's
It's not dangerous per se, but it basically makes things more like bad things more likely to happen.
Maybe the easiest layman description.

[SPEAKER_11]
So I'll just.
Do you mind if I tag team with you?
Go for.
OK, so I would just as since I'm a lawyer and am picky about these kinds of things, I would explain
that SV stands for simian virus and 40 is the, you know, a tag.
It probably has something to do with the, the genetic makeup, but what's significant for our purposes is that it's a, it is a virus.
It's a DNA virus that is normally found in monkeys, simians.
And they used it extensively, uh, or infamously, I should say in the polio virus and where it was found to be oncogenic and oncogenic in the polio vaccine.
Yeah, sorry.
They used it in the polio vaccine and, um,
Well, it's dead by or attenuated virus.
So it's not anyway.
So they put it in the polio vaccine and they and it was either determined or highly suspected to be oncogenic and oncogenic means cancer causing.
And so SV40 got a really bad name in the industry and everybody avoids it like the plague.
The last thing you wanna see in your vaccine product is SV40 at this point, because it raises up all the horrible experiences that everybody had with the polio vaccines.
And the other thing is that SV40, according to what I understand from Kevin and some of the other scientists who have reproduced his results,
is that in the presence of SV40, it's more likely for residual DNA to be incorporated into your cell's DNA so that the SV40 promotes, that's why they call it an SV40 promoter, it promotes the integration of
these random bits of DNA from the shots into your cells.
So they use it in the lab when they want to do that, when they, you know, they want to put, you know, like, let's say, um, they've got that gene that makes the fireflies glow and they want to put it into cancer cells so that it's easier to detect the cancer cells in their lab rats that they're
giving cancer.
So if they want to get that gene that makes the fluorescent glow into rat cells, they might use the SV40 to do that with.
So that's really why you absolutely don't want it in a vaccine.
And if there weren't any contamination by DNA in those vaccines, then the SV40 might be
something that just was kind of an oddity.
But the fact that there is this residual DNA floating around there and there's SV40, now you've got a toxic combination where the SV40 could promote those DNA particles into your cells.
And that's going to make things go haywire.
And isn't that exactly what we've been seeing?
with this massive variety of injury from these shots.
This is really, you know, people's systems going haywire with this stuff.
All right, one more question.

[SPEAKER_08]
I'm going to ask this question from V-U-N-N-E-L-U, because we're going to address this mRNA in our food supply in future episode.
Are they putting mRNA in aerosols, food and animal vaccines, et cetera, so that they can't prove the mRNA in people came from the vaccines?

[SPEAKER_11]
Well, so there's a lot of sort of second tier media discussing experiments with mRNA and different types of delivery mechanisms.
If you look in the literature, this has been going on for a long time.
For whatever reason, science is in love with the mRNA platform.
There's like over 9,000 patents.
on this thing and they've been trying to find a successful way to use it for over 20 years now and they don't have a single product.
So yeah, they're trying to put it into, you know, they're trying to make vegetables grow it and loopy things like that.
But listen, they have never made mRNA work.
That's the good news.
And you can argue now they would say, Oh, Jeff doesn't know what he's talking about because there's these two highly successful COVID vaccines.
Well, I guess it depends on if you think they work or not.
But, um, apart from that, they have never created a successful mRNA product.
If they do get it working in a carrot, that'll be the first time.

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, they lied to us at the beginning and said it would prevent transmission.
So we know that didn't work.
And.

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, and also hospitalization, these vaccines didn't didn't prevent any hospitalization at all, as far as I can tell.
Not those one, not those two, not those three.
They made no difference in terms of your hospitalization percentage.
Nice study came out.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah.
And if you just look at the deaths from all causes, they didn't prevent deaths either.

[SPEAKER_09]
No.
In fact, the infection fatality rate went up after they rolled out the shots to half of the nursing home.
I mean, if you look at the point at which they rolled out the shots to the nursing home, you look at the infection fatality rate at that point, or the case fatality rate, if you don't believe that they're tracking all the infections, which might be true.
And you look at the same numbers when 50% have been fully vaccinated.
There's no difference in, in your risk of, if you were, if you're infected, you're exactly have the same, exactly the same probability of dying.
After it's been rolled out to half of the nursing, half the residents in the nursing homes, there was no detectable change.
In fact, if anything, it went up.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah.
Most of my readers would say that the vaccines are working for their intended purpose.
but that's a whole other discussion.

[SPEAKER_09]
That is a whole other discussion.
You conspiracy theorist.

[SPEAKER_08]
Jeff, thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you so much for joining us this evening.
You want to remind our audience where they can find your work?

[SPEAKER_11]
Sure.
If you have been unfortunate enough not to have encountered coffee and COVID so far, then just go on your browser, www.coffeeandcovid.com and I would do a news roundup.
Every day that's snarky and optimistic, um, except for Sundays, which is for subscribers only.
But apart from that, you get six days for free.
Come on out.

[SPEAKER_08]
Excellent.
This was a great episode.
It's great having you back so quickly.
You're welcome back anytime.
So it's always fun to hear your, your take on everything.

[SPEAKER_11]
You bet.
Steve.
Great to see you.
Jeff.

[SPEAKER_08]
Good to see you.
Well, unfortunately, we didn't get Tricia in tonight, but you guys had a fabulous conversation there and helped clarify a lot of questions regarding SV40.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, it's still a little bit murky, but like you said, we were on the 35-yard line on the other side, and now we're at the seven, what do you say, seven-yard line on the, close to making a touchdown.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_09]
I like that analogy.

[SPEAKER_08]
I'm going to do a quick little plug and update here.
Tonight, Twitter Spaces has been simulcast and I don't believe Jeff's going to make it over there, but are you going to be able to make it there, Steve, after the show?
So if you want to continue the conversation, join Steve and the gang.
over on Twitter spaces and we'll put that in the chat.
Also I want to urge everyone, let me get this screenshot up here, I want to urge everyone to check out the Uncensored Citizen Substack.
It's a super useful one-stop for news, resources, and upcoming events for the uncensored.
It's written by several of our esteemed volunteers who are leading activists in health freedom in their own right.
We'll put the link in the chat.
It is the uncensoredcitizen.substack.com
And also another thing we want to remind people is that we do have our COVID Litigation Conference 2 coming up March 7th through 8th in Las Vegas.
And that is going to be immediately, and Jeff will, I believe, be attending.
Do you know Steve?
Did he say he's coming?
I think he is.
And I believe Tricia Lindsay will be there and we'll have a bigger announcement in the future as to everyone else that will be joining.
But it was great.
The first one was amazing.
This one,
will be probably even more amazing as there's even more to discuss there.
And now today is our 100th episode and I want to bring on our entire team onto a big old Brady Bunch box here and just say thank you to all of you
who are here watching the show from all of us here on this side for, I never thought we would be doing 100 episodes at the beginning.
I thought we were gonna actually like move the needle and get things done and clearly it's still an uphill battle.
But here's the entire VSRF team.
Say hello everyone.

[SPEAKER_07]
Hello everyone.
Hello.

[SPEAKER_08]
We got Hillary.
Hillary, what do you do up here?

[SPEAKER_07]
Oh, I manage Steve's life and for like 10 years and all of his companies and hello.

[SPEAKER_08]
And then you all know Nurse Angela and she's been helping so many, at this point, is it countless?
Angela, how many people do you say you've spoken to since the beginning and helped?

[SPEAKER_01]
I don't even know.
I honestly don't even know.
It's the thousands, definitely thousands.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, I would imagine and it's just tireless work that you do.
And we got David.
David, always great to see your smiling face.
What's your role over here at the VSRF so everyone knows?

[SPEAKER_10]
Well, I'm the Director of Operations and I also help organize and create some of our events like COVID Litigation Conference and work on partnerships with these events.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, you're you're instrumental along with Lisa in this upcoming coven litigation to and the replatform conference, both happening in Vegas.
And you all know the lovely and wonderful Lisa Leahy, who alternates back and forth with me hosting the show.

[SPEAKER_06]
Hi, my mic's been off because my dogs were going crazy.
Sorry, Livio, didn't mean to interrupt.
They were going wild.
Great show tonight, Livio.
Great to be here.

[SPEAKER_08]
And there's Janet Ferris.
Janet, give us a little hint or details of what you're doing to help us all out.
if you can hear me.

[SPEAKER_02]
I do support staff.
I help with Steve's messages.
I help on the conferences, Defeat the Mandates, Cuba Litigation Conference.
So I'm like, everyone's support.

[SPEAKER_08]
Thank you for all you do.
And of course, Amanda, you are a force of nature.
We've worked together directly to defeat the mandates and the COVID litigation conference.
Can you give the audience a little bit of insight as to your role here?

[SPEAKER_05]
Thanks, Livio.
I am our director of events and the crazy one who signed up to put my event planning knowledge and use into action and being vaccinated myself.
This is a life or death for me.
So I am happy to be here and happy to be supported by everyone on this team and put on this great show every week for you guys.
So thank you for everyone's support.
And we couldn't do it without you.

[SPEAKER_08]
Thank you for all you're doing and Mila's pictures there.
Mila did our college edition and she's going to be doing some additional reporting but I think she got hung up and travel this evening and couldn't make it for this gathering along with Kirsten Stevens who is our fearless leader now.
She's also traveling and couldn't make it so shout out to Kirsten.
I also want to give a shout out to our incredible team of volunteers.
Karen, Martha, Gloria, Fran, Kathy, thank you for the tireless work that you do behind the scenes volunteering your time helping with us in all aspects of the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation.
And I also want to give a big thank you to Louisa Clary who
Without her, none of us would be here and we wouldn't be helping anyone without Luis's staunch leadership and support and starting us off the ground, of course, with Mr. Steve Kersh, our founder.
And I want to give you a final thank you, Steve, for the bravery that you
show every single day, tackling every one of these issues and heading all, you know, just going right at the naysayers.
So thank you, Steve, for everything you do.

[SPEAKER_09]
Just trying to tell the truth.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, well, we'll keep it up.
And I'm going to end tonight's show with the song, The Impossible Dream from Man of La Mancha because you know what, this is all about resilience and the song is actually we will, and I think you said this, we will win, Steve.
We will persevere.
We have the resilience.
Continue the conversation on Twitter Spaces.
If not, we'll actually see you all next week where we have Michael Turner as a guest with his lawyer, Pete Serrano, the legal fight for the soul of medicine.
So join us either on Twitter Spaces or next week right back here on Rumble.
Have a great evening, everyone.

[SPEAKER_04]
Quest.

[SPEAKER_09]
What does that mean, quest?

[SPEAKER_04]
It is the mission of each true knight whose duty lay his privilege to dream the impossible dreams to fight the unbeatable foe to bear with unbearable sorrow
To run where the brave dare not go To right the unrightable wrong To love pure and chaste from afar To try when your arms are too weary To reach
The unreachable star This is my quest To follow that star No matter how hopeless No matter how far To fight for the right Without question or pause To be willing to march into hell For the heavenly
And I know if I'll only be true To this glorious quest That my heart will lie peaceful and calm When I'm laid to my rest And the world will be better for this
That one man, scorned and covered with scars Still strove with his last ounce of courage To reach the unreachable stars
This is my quest To follow that star No matter how hopeless No matter how far To fight for the right Without question or pause To be willing to march into hell For the heavenly
And I know if I'll only be true To this glorious quest That my heart will lie peaceful and calm When I'm laying to my rest And the way
Will be better for this That one man scorned and covered with scars Still strove with his last ounce of courage
The unreachable star
