[SPEAKER_03]
Hi, this is Phoebe Liu.
I'm a host for the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation's live college edition and welcome to our bi-weekly Monday show.
Tonight, we'll be talking with Thais Pat, an Ohio University student who's currently fighting a lawsuit against COVID-19 mandates and a special guest, Hannah Little.
Hannah is a senior at Townsend University and has been fighting college mandates for the past two years.
She's been engaged on campus by helping other students get religious exemptions and through speaking engagements with the Coalition for Future Maryland and Health Choice Maryland.
She has spoken before the Maryland House of Delegates Committee for Health and Governmental Operations.
Our other host Mila Radicich is sick, so she won't be joining us tonight, but we hope she feels better soon.
Before we talk about the discriminatory, exclusionary, and very inequitable practices that have been happening on campuses nationwide, VSRF is a 501 CP organization with a mission to end COVID-19 mandates
and advance COVID-19 vaccine safety through public education and advocacy of scientific research, as well as to provide support to the vaccine injured.
We encourage open and transparent conversations, scientific and medical inquiry and questions.
We're calling for truth and transparency in our colleges so that fellow students and future generations can receive informed consent and education for all.
So thank you for joining us live on Rumble.
If you'd like to ask any questions, please drop in the comments.
Now, I testified with Hannah before the Maryland General Assembly in favor of bill HB 699, which prohibited requiring proof of COVID-19 vaccination from employers and at state public institutions of higher education.
While that bill was not voted on in the subcommittee, and this means that it won't become a bill this year, that doesn't change the experience which Hannah and her friends had endured.
So let's bring Hannah on and play the video of her testimony.

[SPEAKER_02]
Hannah Little.
Thank you, Madam Chair and other members of committee.
My name is Hannah Little.
I have a religious exemption to the COVID-19 vaccine.
I am a senior at Towson University majoring molecular biology and minoring in physics, working as a science tutor and attending college on a full tuition academic scholarship.
I am not anti-science in the slightest.
There was no consistent messaging that compliance was necessary to avoid disciplinary actions, but no specifics were given to help students understand how swiftly the consequences would be executed, leaving us to speculate.
Exempted students were attending school probationally.
A friend at UMDC had a religious exemption revoked after having it go through.
She had to leave her engineering degree in the last semester.
This greatly worried me about how anyone in the USM system could lose their right to equal access to education.
During the Fall 21 and Spring 22 semesters, unvaccinated students had to get tested twice weekly.
For some students, this was a big setback because the testing center is located on the opposite side of campus from all of the academic buildings.
The testing center was located on the bottom floor of a mainly residential parking garage, taking space away from residents.
Although they tried to heat it, it was insufficient, barely making a difference, and students were left to sit shivering in the cold during the winter.
This location was chosen in lieu of the health center, an indoor location near the center of campus.
The campus clearance tool, which professors had a right to use to admit students into the classroom, gave insight into who is vaccinated and who is not.
Not only does this violate medical privacy, but also easily leads to discrimination.
Throughout all of this, I felt like a second class citizen.
When push came to shove, Towson abandoned their principles of equality for all students.
This should never happen again, ever.
Please support HB 699 with amendments.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_03]
Hi, Hannah.

[SPEAKER_01]
Hi.
Thanks for having me here.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, we're so lucky to have a brave advocate like you to speak out and spread awareness of such things.
Oh, thanks.
Yeah, I can't believe, you know, your friend who got kicked out of, you know, dropped out, forced to drop out of school because they revoked a religious exemption.
Oh, yeah.

[SPEAKER_01]
I mean, I'm pretty sure it said in the fine print that not necessarily the words that this can be taken away.
It's just that it's up to the school's discretion and stuff like that and kind of legally is terrible like that.

[SPEAKER_03]
Hmm.
So curious, when they granted exemptions, do you know if they they didn't clarify that because it is granted that it is yours so they could take it away at any time?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
So let me look for the exemption form and pull it up so I can read that fine print.
Yeah, of course.
So

[SPEAKER_03]
And that's, yeah, take your time.
But that's so crazy because I was also exempted and my exemption was changed like five weeks after I got it.
And, you know, this seems to be like a breach of contract.
It wasn't written clearly and they changed it without, you know, notice for me.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, like it said here, I understand that my request for an exemption may not be granted if it creates an undue hardship for the university.
So they didn't really define that.
Like, what is undue hardship?
And so when I was reading it,
at the first time, the summer before we were going back to school.
It's like, okay.
So basically if they decide case numbers are too high, they might decide, okay, undue hardship, you're, you know, plague rat, you're just spreading all of the diseases.
We blame you, even though it doesn't prevent transmission.
And so you've always had that weight over your shoulders that, oh my gosh, I might not be allowed to go to school here anymore.
And it could all end.

[SPEAKER_03]
That's so scary.
It's like this, you know, unknown fear that that might happen to you.
And if I'm not wrong, you were on a full scholarship, right?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, nearly full.
I have full tuition and I have
like some other scholarships that cover part of housing.
So that's a big stake to lose.
It really is.
And during the online schooling before we went back to school, it's like, okay, do I transfer out because this is so annoying and I hate Zoom classes or do I just stay?
And it's like, okay, this is already paid for.
I need to just stop complaining about it and suck it up.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, that's interesting that you decided to stay because I know a lot of my friends, they had the same thought of like, I don't know if the manners are going to change.
I don't know if I'll be mandated.
There was a lot of unknowns, like, I don't know if I'll get kicked out or if I can even register.
So they would, you know, people would go get the vaccine instead.
But you went ahead and you said, I'm going to try and see how it goes.
Even though we were dealing with the same unknown type of thing, same unknown, you know, regulations and rules.
So, what made you stick with it?
What drove that?

[SPEAKER_01]
So, what made me want to get the exemption in the first place?
I remember it was Friday, April 23rd when we got that email.
It's like all students are now required to be vaccinated against COVID-19.
This is the timeline that you have to abide by.
And I was getting ready to leave for a doctor's appointment and getting in the shower and I was just crying in the shower.
I was like, God, what am I going to do?
I don't want this.
And it's just this feeling that, man, I don't like my government.
I don't think they know what's best for me.
This has come out way too fast.
This just seems too fishy.
I just, I didn't have all the signs.
I didn't have all of the information to make a decision and then a decision was being forced on me.
And it's like, nope, I'm going to find any way to avoid this.
If I have to pretend I'm Amish, because at the time I thought religious exemptions were only granted to like the super cult-like religious, not, you know, regular people.
So if I have to pretend I'm Amish, I'm going to do that.
If I have to maybe fake it till I make it, shall we say, in case any feds are listening, I'm going to do that.
That's hilarious.

[SPEAKER_03]
That's actually really funny.
Yeah, I'm sure a lot of people went through the same throws, you know, people who are quote unquote vaccine hesitant, but don't know how to declare simply just, I don't feel safe to the government, to their schools.
They thought about, you know, intervening with a different method.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, that day when the email came out that you have to do this, I had a doctor's appointment.
And so at the appointment, the doctor is asking me, have you gotten the shot yet?
And I was like, no, but I guess I have to, but I don't want to.
And it's like, oh, well, you know, all of the side effects are so rare and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
And it's like, yeah, I guess.
And I just, I didn't even know what to say.
I was just unfounded.
And I probably seem like some bumbling idiot to her.

[SPEAKER_00]
Well, yeah, I mean, well, first of all, like very well said, Hannah, I would like exactly what you said where at the beginning, like nobody, doesn't matter how, doesn't matter what kind of doctor you are or anything, nobody knew what the side effects of any of this were because it was so new and so rushed.
And right then and there, we should be like informed consent just simply as a possible.
So to require anything like that is just morally wrong.
But like what you just said about your doctor saying like, oh, right off the bat, the side effects are rare and it's safe.
It's like, nobody knows that.
Still to this day, there's really no evidence of that because nobody knows the long-term side effects.
Nobody's had this vaccine for more than three years at this point.
That's the furthest out that people are from even the clinical trials.
That was only three years ago.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, that's right.
So I feel like a lot of people think, you know, what's the big deal?
Just go get the Vax or go get tested, right?
And I'm curious, can you explain why it's more complicated than that?

[SPEAKER_01]
So let's see, go get the Vax.
I mean, that's way more complicated than just go get tested.
But
Man, I'm just unfounded for words because I mean, there's so many bad side effects that can happen.
You don't know when they could happen, what happens like 10 years down the road.
We don't know what this
what the effects of this could be 10 years down the road.
Not only that, but we're seeing like loss of fertility in countries like a decrease of 20% from 2021 to 2022, whereas between 2020 and 2021, you actually saw an increase in fertility rates.
And I think that's kind of evidence of these long-term side effects.
You're seeing sudden deaths and stuff like that.
Not only that, but I mean, no one should be, this is,
like a demarcation in society of shifting from more liberty to just more governmental control.
And I don't want that.
I mean, I wouldn't call myself a libertarian or anything like that.
I mean, I don't even have the words to describe my feelings about the government.
But right now, I want less of it.
And I want them in my life as less, the least amount, because I do not see them as beneficiaries of good, shall we say.
and just go get tested.
I mean, first of all, it's such like an authoritarian thing.
Like if I had a religious exemption for anything else, any other sort of vaccines, because Towson did require some other ones that most people got when they were babies, they wouldn't make me go get tested.
But they treated you like you were some sort of biohazard, like a playground.
And I'm just sitting there in this cold garage like twice a week.
And it's just like,
And then they had us spread so far apart and they had all of these ventilation systems hooked up.
And it was a change from when it was just regular sentinel testing of everyone on campus before the mandate.
It's like clearly they view us as something else.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, on my campus, for the longest time, our testing facility was just in our volleyball.
It's like an inflatable dome kind of thing almost.
like that's where they had testing at and like what you said in your testimony where it's like far away from everything that's exactly how ours was but so I know people that were skipping lunch to be able to go all the way across campus to get a test because if they didn't get the test they were getting threatened that their key card is going to get shut off and they're not even going to be able to get in their dorm room because they're a safety hazard to society because they don't know if they're negative or not which
That just leads us into when else any time in history really for a viral infection have we been like, you have no symptoms of this, but the only way to know for sure is to go get tested.
Like if you're symptomless, there's really, you know, you don't go to the doctor when you're perfectly fine and say,
Can I get a strep throat test?
My throat doesn't hurt or anything, but I just want to make sure I don't have strep throat.
That's what I mean.
It sounds so ridiculous.
And it was ridiculous.
And they just didn't care.
They felt like they had that power over the students where there's that risk of losing out on stuff or just being kicked out altogether.
That's why they thought they could just keep pushing it and pushing it and get away with things that, honestly, are most likely illegal.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, same.
And I think that, first of all, there's the possibility of a false positive.
And if you test positive, then you have to be quarantined for, I mean, the dates change.
But when I first started out, it was 14 days.
And that's like, depending on what day of the week, I mean, you could be missing out on a lot of class.
And that kind of sucks.
Not only that, but it's kind of this myth of asymptomatic transmission that was perpetuated at the onset of the pandemic, that it's different from pre-symptomatic transmission.
People can transmit viruses before they come down with symptoms, but if you have the virus and you're just going through it and you never show any symptoms, you're really not going to transmit it.
It's highly unlikely.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right, exactly.
Like if I say, catch a cold, but it's mild, you know, so I'm feeling okay, then how can it be so contagious that it spreads outside of my body if I'm not even being affected, you know, physiologically by it, right?
And some people may have, you know, more immunity than others.
So lump summing everybody into this testing and then coercing them because, you know, oh, no, we're going to, you know, punish you.
Oh, no, we're going to.
If it, you know, it's a false positive, who cares?
It says so on the sheet.
We're going to ban you for two weeks and you can miss your class, you know, deal with it on your own with your professor.

[SPEAKER_01]
I don't think I've ever seen anyone in the testing site that I knew were a regular, because people did show up if they were concerned they had COVID because they caught a little sniffle that ever tested positive.
I mean, every once in a while you'd have to go up because your test wasn't working.
It was like the control line didn't show because they put too much liquid on it.
That happened to me once, but yeah, I know that it just seems so unwarranted like twice a week.
and just to have it never happen.

[SPEAKER_03]
Hmm.
Yeah.
Was the testing requirement clearly stated in your exemptions when you guys got it?

[SPEAKER_01]
Oh, yeah.
Multiple emails about it.
You'd always get emails, remember to schedule your test.
You just scheduled the morning of, and it's like, OK, I'll do my test today.
OK, do it at 9 AM, 9 AM, twice a week.

[SPEAKER_03]
Were there punishments if you guys missed testing?
Because you said some people weren't regular.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, so every once in a while people would miss because I live on campus and for me the being at the end of campus was actually in my favor.
I don't know if it is for most of students, but it was like okay just a couple of minute walk from my apartment.
But people that were commuters or had to walk a long way, they would mistest every so often and they'd get email warnings about it.
But I don't think it was ever very clear.
I was very confused about what would happen.
And I talked about it during my testimony that it's like, OK, it's laid out that something bad will happen.
I'm not entirely sure what, but it's like, it's going to shut off accesses to campus resources.
And it's like, what does that mean exactly?
It's like, okay, ultimately I understand that they're going to take away my housing if I don't comply.
So I might as well do it.
Yeah, that's a scary thought.

[SPEAKER_00]
The twice a week testing was a condition of being exempted from the vaccine, right?
Oh yeah, totally.
And so say a student that did get the vaccine, were they required to test at all if they were asymptomatic?

[SPEAKER_01]
They were not required to test if you got the vaccine.
During the spring of 2021 semester, everyone had to get tested twice a week.
Professors, students alike, doesn't matter.
And then fall 2021, after that summer, after they implemented the mandates was when they're like, okay, yeah, only the unvaccinated need to get tested.
Has that changed yet?
So they did drop the testing requirements and they did drop the vaccine requirements.
So now Towson is actually a pretty free school, but there are other schools in the university system of Maryland that aren't and are lagging behind.
or are still requiring the vaccine for students that live on campus.
So they took, let's see, it was March of 2022, or late February, that they dropped it from twice a week to once a week.
And then they also took away the mask requirements.
And I was just sitting in class and I was just like,
And it's like, tomorrow you can take off your mask.
And I'm just staring at my phone, the emo on my phone, like, I can't keep this on my face.
Um, and then it was, it was a quiet drop of the vaccine requirement.
I had no idea, uh, that they were finally doing away with it.
Like I was texting my, uh, my unvaccinated compatriots, like, Hey, what's up with the testing requirements?
I'm not getting any emails.
Oh yeah, I'm not either.
I guess they're not doing it.
I don't know.
And turns out that they never send any emails, no vaccine requirements anymore.
It's like, wow, that's just so weird.
And probably because the woke mob will come after them if they just release it like, yeah, we're not having any more of this.
So they have to be extremely quiet about it.

[SPEAKER_03]
That's interesting.
Well, good to hear that, you know, Towson is free from mandates now.
But it concerns me because students might not necessarily go in and look at testing requirements or vaccine requirements at all.
and just assume that the mandate is still there and go ahead and get vaccinated because that's actually what happened with one of my friends.
And I just spoke to him yesterday.
His school never mandated it, but he went ahead and went and got the vaccine because he thought that they would.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, that's a problem.
I don't even know.
I mean, for me, if I was looking at colleges, I would have done a lot of research, but some people don't.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.
And one thing I've noticed a lot lately, too, is like no college mandates does a great job of keeping all that updated, like when a school drops their mandate.
But I would say almost like half of the schools that have dropped mandates lately
they've quietly dropped them.
They didn't like make, they didn't send a campus wide email to inform the students and the staff that they're not required to take it anymore.
And it just goes to show like how low they're willing to go to just keep pushing this.

[SPEAKER_03]
Indirectly.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.
And it didn't even, it didn't take long for people to realize that very obviously the vaccine does not stop transmission.
but they wanted to claw on to that as long as they could and pretend like, you have to get tested because you can apparently transmit this and other people can't.
But I mean, within weeks of the country in general, pushing the max vaccination campaign, it didn't take more than a month for plenty of vaccinated people to come up testing positive.
And I remember that's kind of what they used to drive their main excuse with the,
If you remember, you weren't considered vaccinated until two weeks after you took your vaccine, because so many people were taking the vaccine and getting sick, getting COVID right away.
And it's just it's so crazy to think back to that time, too.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
And plus how you're not considered vaccinated if you're not up to date, whatever that means.
And it's also different across schools.
Yeah.
Yeah, I didn't know science could discriminate.

[SPEAKER_01]
I mean, science discriminates all the time.
It's just it's not about science and the methods.
It's about who's controlling the methods.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, you're absolutely right about that.
So now that more colleges have been dropping mandates, I have this pressing question on my mind these days, which is how can we help the students who have already been vaccinated?
A lot of it seems to be like, if you're not already vaccinated, then you're probably not going to get vaccinated anymore.
But if you are,
You know, what do you do?
Do you keep on getting the vaccine?
Do you see the side effects and you want to stop but don't know how to stop because you already agreed to be vaccinated previously?
So I'm curious, what do you think about, you know, how can we help the students who've already been vaccinated?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, so I don't really know because it's not like you can undo that if you've made that decision.
I mean, there are certain lifestyle changes you can make and different treatments you can try that are a little more unconventional that you get through naturopathic physicians that might be able to help with some of the side effects of it.
That's just what I've heard.
I've even heard that ivermectin might do some things for that.
I don't, you definitely need to check me on that.
That's kind of just in the back of my mind there.
But how can we help those students?
I think just encourage them to think about informed consent and, OK, this is what you can do if you keep doing this over and over.
This is the effects that it's going to have on your immune system.
This is the effects that it might have on just more side effects.
And this is what it actually is.
And just more honesty and more truth telling.
And I don't know if you can really get that in today's medical system.
I think that it's going to need a complete revolution.
And then also compassion because I've seen a lot of the unvaccinated that just completely shun people that have been vaccinated and just is like, oh, you made this decision and you're just of the devil.
And it's like, no, no, that's not true.
These people a lot of times just don't have the right information.
They listen to the wrong sources and they made a change that might affect them.
It might not.
Um, and people tend to kind of look at it through a religious lens and it's like, no, no.
Okay.
Just stop that.
Have compassion on the people that had these terrible side effects and work with them to try to make it better.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.
Yeah.
I would say too, like adding onto that, what I've kind of just like firsthand experience what I've seen the people, like my friends that I know that did go and get the vaccine right away.
Um, the thing that.
Stop them from getting the booster more than anything wasn't like people like me trying to explain to them that it's ineffective.
It was them seeing like firsthand, maybe they got the first two doses and they caught COVID or someone else they know that's vaccinated caught COVID and
They see that and they're like, or, and then they see people that are unvaccinated might catch COVID too.
And there's no difference.
The vaccine didn't, it doesn't help with infection at all.
We know that we know it doesn't stop the spread.
There's very, very little solid evidence that shows that it actually helps with reducing hospitalizations or serious symptoms.
And if you remember, they kind of went down the list, right?
They started, the vaccine's gonna stop infection.
Then it was pretty obvious that it doesn't stop infection.
Then they said, the vaccine's gonna stop hospitalization.
And once more vaccinated people were getting hospitalized than unvaccinated people from COVID, the CDC stopped tracking it by vaccination status and they dropped that.
They don't even really say that anymore.
And their latest thing was just that,
Well, COVID can kill you if you're unvaccinated and it won't kill you if you are vaccinated.
But now obviously just the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation alone has covered so many different stories showing that that's not true.
And maybe we don't have like solid data on that because for one, none of these big places that are the
former reputable sources, I don't know if I would personally call them reputable sources, but the big hospitals, the big medical journals, they don't want to use any money or resources to actually look into that, which is literally not only their job, but like when you take the Hippocratic oath to do no harm, that should be something that they really care about and want to know.
Like one thing I've noticed lately too is the media's kind of switched to saying that not even saying that you can't die with the vaccine to saying, well, death is very rare.
OK, so just because something is rare, why should you take a risk and take a vaccine that isn't going to prevent you from getting it in the first place?
Let's agree with them for a second and say that
it stops it's it helps prevent death well you still can die and not only that they admit that death can be a possible side effect even if it is rare so that's you're taking that risk with really nothing in return and we talked about the risk to the benefit for a long time but like that's really what it boils down to
They're even no matter what they want to say the risk is, whether they say the risk is super small or not, there's really no tangible benefit from getting vaccinated.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, I think it's so funny.
They they're you know, their new line is that it, you know, prevents death, but then they say it's rare.
And it's like, isn't that contradictory?

[SPEAKER_00]
So my thing always to like, they said it prevented transmission too.
They said it prevented hospitalization too.
Like, why should we believe them now?
The truth is they don't even know.
And the little bit of evidence that we do have shows that they're most likely wrong about that too.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
Best to do your own research and observe what really is going on in the world right now.
Um, although I do, I'm sort of conflicted because as you, Thais, as you said, a lot of the vaccinated people get COVID.
So there's still a, you know, a sense to me that people will think because there's, you know, there is still COVID floating around.
Um,
in large part, um, from the people who've been vaccinated because of their, you know, immunosuppression, um, how can we, um, put out the message out there that you still should not get the vaccine.
It doesn't work.
Um, and it might make it worse while there's still, you know, the illness floating around because I don't, I don't deny the illness.
I don't deny the sickness, but the vaccine clearly doesn't work.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, I mean, I just think it's, it's just, it's going to be so important to get that good information out there.
And like you said, Phoebe, like people need to do their own research and
talk to their primary care physicians still, talk to doctors they trust.
There's still gonna be plenty of doctors out there that the doctors themselves, they chose not to inform themselves about these issues, which is, in my opinion, malpractice.
But what happened was the CDC and maybe we could just say the government in general, they hammered it that
The media too, the media held big time with this, that it's safe and effective, it's safe and effective, it's safe and effective.
And so many doctors saw that.
And when these big institutions are saying something so confidently, there's like this default where people just wanna trust it, doctors, patients alike.
And so I think it's just important to like,
do what we're doing and just anybody's like, you could be a regular person that has no idea what the internet is.
But once you get this information and see that
And really, when anybody thinks about it logically, like, yeah, it hasn't stopped transmission, hasn't stopped hospitalization, hasn't stopped that, like that needs to be talked about.
I know a lot of people are tired of hearing about COVID and everybody wants to move on with their lives.
But like you said, Phoebe, like this is still a continuing issue.
Not only can the vaccines still hurt people and people still getting vaccinated, COVID itself can hurt people and the
default that's if you want to protect yourself from COVID, you got to get the vaccine.
I honestly, I think that's really dangerous when we need to be looking at other, we need to be looking at like treatments for people.
And ivermectin is a great example.
There's a lot of evidence even more just came out this week that ivermectin is very effective at helping people recover and prevent COVID in general.
But
these big, most of it's probably pushed by big pharma through their various lobbying resources, but they want to prevent ivermectin at all costs.
And I think that just goes to show too, like these aren't the people you want to trust.
When we have something like ivermectin that has a great safety profile, one of the safest drugs of human history, and
There's all these people that are supposed to be trusted sources saying that ivermectin's dangerous, it's a horse drug, you're gonna overdose on ivermectin and go blind, whatever they were saying that it was gonna cause.
I mean, the reality is that's just not true.
The amount of ivermectin you'd have to take to overdose is an absolute sinking amount.
And there's really no evidence that that happened to anybody.
They love to pretend like it did.
Um, but yeah, I think it's, it's a double edged sword there where it is, it's not only that the vaccine is directly hurting people, um, that kind of idea that the vaccines, the only way to prevent this, that's going to hurt people too for years to come.
And I worry not only with COVID, um, any kind of disease that these, these vaccine producers, they're going to want to keep marketing their vaccine as the one cure.
of cure for whatever disease it is.
And we know that there's no such thing as a one size, one thing fixes all for anything.
That's never really been the case.
I can't think of any disease that isn't treated multiple different ways and has seen effectiveness between multiple different ways.
that attitude that it's just the vaccine suppresses everything else that could happen.
There's probably drugs that people haven't even tried yet that can be super effective against COVID.
But that attitude keeps people from trying.
I know a lot of states, their right to try states.
So when people get really sick, their doctors have that right to try something off label to help them.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, absolutely.
And I think it's the, you know, multimodality treatment method is very important because not everybody responds in the same way to every treatment.
So it really depends on the person and their own bodies and, you know, what treatment responds to them.
If we keep putting out message that only this one thing is available, then like you said, TICE, people aren't going to think about trying different methods and testing out different things.
So, Hannah, I know you've been an advocate for two years.
How have you approached talking to people about the mandates and about these issues?

[SPEAKER_01]
Honestly, with talking with lay people, I'm not that good because it's just, it's so hard to get in there because if you say one thing, then they could just attack you.
And it's like, I know I should not be afraid of this.
I know I should not be putting that weight on myself, but I've been doing
like I posted stickers around campus of just kind of like anti-COVID stuff and a lot of anti-global control stickers and they did not get good reception, but it was still fun to kind of troll people.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, Hannah, I got to see some of your, I wanted to load them in, but we didn't end up having time, but I saw some of your stickers.
Do you want to share your screen, Tice?

[SPEAKER_03]
I can pull it up.

[SPEAKER_00]
You can pull it up.
Okay.
I'll put your screen share on baby.

[SPEAKER_03]
Okay.

[SPEAKER_00]
While we're getting this pulled up though, like one thing I want to say is the response I saw you got Hannah was absolutely full of logical fallacies.
Most every response to your campaign was ad hominem attacks, right?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, and it's like, I'd post them on the elevators because lots of people see them and you're only there for like a short amount of time.
And I figured if I put it there on the door when it opens, it'd be harder to scrape off.
But they still hired someone to scrape it off, even though there were other stickers on the elevators for like clubs and stuff that have been there for years.
And it's like, nope, this is too offensive.
It was very funny.
And so I do it in my apartment and we had a group chat.
And so I periodically monitor it to see what was the reception.
And then it's like, whoever's doing this, F you.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, like very constructive criticism there.
Yeah, this one with the whole thread here.
This is just like, I feel I feel bad for these people when I see stuff like this, because
Instead of seeing that and asking themselves, like, why does this person think like this?
Do they have a point?
Is there something to this?
Maybe it was the media.
Maybe it's their own bias where they made a decision to follow all these restrictions.
And they don't one, they don't want to admit that what they did was not necessarily wrong, but unnecessary, maybe.
So they'll defend it, even if it takes
saying something like that on the sticker.
It's like, yeah, don't go that far.

[SPEAKER_01]
And advocating for freedom as a Nazi.
And like that sticker, what it originally said is it had that picture of the woman in a supermarket with the hazmat suit on.
And it's like, this is the person calling you a conspiracy theorist.
And it was not targeted at those crazy COVID people.
It's targeted at the sleeping lions.
It's targeted at the people kind of hiding out just like me.
And yet they took such great offense to it.
And it's like, oh, man.
And then I posted a new one.
And then I kind of went on and off.
And then I was like, OK, I got tired of it.
I didn't want people to do it.
I can't be the only one.
I had a couple of friends doing it, but I was the main distributor.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, we should do a sticker campaign.
I think that would be funny.
But imagine if this had been any other type of sticker.
Say, what's hot these days?

[SPEAKER_01]
I know.
And it's like, Jesus wasn't white.
And then there's like, you know, Black Lives Matter stickers.
And it's like, yeah, he wasn't white.
But I don't think the point you're making is what's coming across on the sticker.
You're making it seem like Jesus is anti white.
And it's like, that's totally something different.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, but you know, no matter what the sticker says, imagine if somebody crossed out a Black Lives Matter movement, Black Lives Matter sticker.
Yeah, right.
Then why is it this one?
Right.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_00]
I guess that's kind of the beast that we're up against, too, where
Open dialogue is just going to be so important.
I think like what you guys did, you went and gave testimony.
That's so important.
Like just to show people that not only do we exist, the dissenters exist, but if there isn't people like you guys to go and do that and testify against these things,
Um, there's never that, there's never that dialogue.
There's never, no matter what it is, even if let's say, for example, there's something where like 99.9% of people agree with it.
And I'm on that side where I agree with the other 99.9%.
I'm still interested to hear what that 0.1% has to say, because there's no, just consensus does not mean something's fact.
It doesn't.
And I think.
For a while that was very understood where like the crowd could be very wrong you know like we know about groupthink and how that can become a very dangerous thing and we've seen it throughout history where people all start to think the same way because they feel like everybody around them is thinking that way.
And that makes people very easy to control.
And I think that was definitely part of the pharmaceutical industry's plan was to, you know, go right as hard as they could at the beginning, get everybody in a position where COVID is so scary, like, just react without thinking about anything.
Just react.
You know, don't don't slow down at all to do like what you explained, Hannah, like we you didn't know exactly everything that was going on with COVID.
You didn't know
every detail about it, but you could tell that something was wrong and so you took it slow and you took that risk.
I feel like that's very necessary with almost anything, even if it's something small that's not going to cause harm.
It's just important for progress in general to have that.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, totally.
I'm curious, have you ever been successful, at least to your knowledge, because when you put a sticker on, you don't know how people react other than blatant reactions like this, but have you ever been successful in changing anyone's mind about the mandates?
Gosh, I

[SPEAKER_01]
wish I was, and it pains me to say that I don't think I have been.
And it's really hard.
I mean, people are just so one-sided and you can't even start that discussion anymore.
But I mean, I talk to people that are kind of like on the fence.
Like if I notice someone's on the fence, I might kind of push a little harder.
But I mean, sometimes it's just like, I like to think of myself as some bold truth teller, but in all honestly,
I'm still just as scared as other people when it comes to these interactions.
And I have this image of myself, but it's actually not that true.
And yeah, unfortunately, I don't think I have them.
And it sucks.
I mean, I think we need to be.
And I think we need to find better methods of actually reaching out to these people.
Because like I said, the stickers, it's not for the sheep.
And it's kind of a crude term, but it's not for them.
It's for the sleeping lions, those that kind of feel weird about it, but aren't entirely sure.
They don't have evidence.
They don't have any other ideas.
They don't have anything.
They're going along, but it's like there's something that's just not right.
And I was that person before I realized some more things as more information came out during the course of the pandemic.
And we need people to wake the sleeping lions because it's going to take a lot more of us.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, yeah, I would say to like the the conversations became so stigmatized where like you saw firsthand if you're against this vaccine, you're evil.
They're going to attack you that it's very possible that you did change people's minds, but you would never know because they would never say anything, right?
They would especially already being in that position where
they're already scared and they feel like they're taking a risk by just keeping quiet and not taking the vaccine, they're a lot less likely to, even when they make that decision, like, yeah, for sure, I'm not going to do it.
They're a lot less likely to like tell people about it because it has became so stigmatized.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
Yeah.
So don't don't put yourself down because you haven't gotten a certain answer.
Right.
And there's I think it's just like you said, we need to wake the sleeping lions and more and more people are becoming, you know, just having questions about it, but not knowing that there are people that are on their side and fighting for them.
And, you know, speaking as rarely as you have been, Hannah,
viewing some of your videos and how eloquent you are when you speak out.
But I think that this sticker method is actually a really great idea for both us, you know, roaring lions and the sleeping lions because it's anonymous.

[SPEAKER_01]
Who knows?
I've seen them a lot at protest on videos of like freedom day, you know, you'd see it in London and all of these different locations.
And it's like, yes, this is what we need.
And like a bunch of
this British group, they covered the BBC in stickers like this and printed out stickers of people that died of the COVID shot.
And every BBC location, they just covered the windows in it.
It's like, yes, I love to see that.

[SPEAKER_00]
And the way I look at it, if you change one person's mind by doing that, that's a win.
That's one person that wasn't informed and is maybe at the very least going to put more thought into it.
And then that may lead them down the path of doing their own research.
And that doesn't even mean finding videos like this or reading articles.
There's legitimate peer reviewed published studies in the most prestigious academic journals that agree with what we are saying.
And the problem is
those studies, they're just never going to get promoted by the mainstream media.
So that's why it falls to people like us to not exactly promote those studies, but yeah, make it so people are searching for them, at least because there's thousands out there.
I found thousands and I shared them as much as I could.
And yeah, I don't know how many people actually read them.
A lot of them are
When I started reading studies, I'm just a business student.
I had no idea what half the words were.
So I had to look up the words and like maybe an hour long read would take multiple hours to read because I had to stop in the middle and read what a word meant.
So you're educating yourself.

[SPEAKER_01]
I come from a science background, so it's a lot easier for me.
But to actually have that determination, that's amazing.

[SPEAKER_00]
Well, I think a reason I like talking about it, too, is for people like me, like that kind of stuff might seem so intimidating.
But it really wasn't, you know, there's some terms I'm unfamiliar with, but really what it is, it's like vocabulary that we used to do in elementary school.
Just because you don't understand it when you read it doesn't mean you can't do a little bit of extra research and then understand it.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, same for me on the flip side of the coin where I was a biology major.
If I went into business school, I'd have to get familiarized with the terms and know how the jargon works and how things are written.
So it's really just learning a new set of terminology and language, which is difficult.
don't get me wrong, learning new stuff is hard, but it's possible and it's doable and it's impressive when you're able to broaden your lifelong vocabulary and toolbox of knowledge to various different assets.
So I think, you know,
It's very impressive that advocacy and COVID has brought together so many types of different people who care about
you know, one thing and care about the health of people as a whole.
And I think, you know, planting seeds in people's mind is first step in bringing more people to join our party and join our crew.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, like I think they're thinking myself as more quiet and under the radar.
So like the sticker campaign and like, I didn't tell anyone except for a few closer friends and my family that yeah I was testifying before the Maryland committee.
It's just like, okay, yeah, I have to leave class today for some political stuff in Annapolis.
Just please excuse my absence.
That was what I emailed to my professors, something along those lines.
And I think it's just a personality fault.
I'm not very relational.
I think that people that are better with other people and building those relationships are more easy.
It comes more easily to actually speak into these people and actually change minds and change hearts and cause people to look into more evidence.
And I don't really have that.
I'm trying to develop it.
I'm trying to get better.
You know, there's only so much I can do with starting out where I am.
I might be able to push it up here.
But yeah, so it's going to take all of us.
Yes, definitely.

[SPEAKER_00]
I think you've done great, Hannah.
I wouldn't, you don't give yourself enough credit.
You did good.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yes, yeah, because a lot of people that I meet and I'm more of one of the, I've been further along down the road of being outspoken and telling people my story.
But at first too, I told nobody, I told nobody for nine months.
And then even when we testified that day before the Maryland General Assembly,
My mom knew the night before.
I told her, oh, by the way, I'm testifying tomorrow.
She's like, where?
I'm like, Marilyn, how are you getting there?
It's virtual.
So yeah, I have I understand what you mean.
And, you know, putting yourself out there is quite

[SPEAKER_01]
It's a bump in the road.
You have to get over the speed bump.

[SPEAKER_03]
And different people get over it at different times and at different paces.
But your voice was very important that day, especially as a student.
And combined with the other doctors and parents and concerned citizens that we had,
We had over 135 written in oral testimonies altogether.
So again, that's strength in numbers.
And you're able to find the video of all the testimonies online on YouTube if you Google the Maryland HGO Committee on March 6.
I believe it was March 6.
Yeah.
Is there anything that you would like our viewers to take home with them?

[SPEAKER_01]
Gosh, so I was thinking about the title of this video, diversity exclusion and what was it?
Inequity.
In equity.
Yeah.
And I mean, very funny play on words and usually when you're doing this, especially in a liberal state like Maryland, you kind of have to talk about diversity and talk about inequity and use those little keywords that they like to own in on that usually isn't really in my repertoire, but it's like
I don't even like to talk about it like oh yeah I've been excluded against and it's like it's such a weak argument and it's like it's victimizing yourself like don't victimize yourself be better find a way to get out there find a way to change your circumstances and yeah uh sometimes this just sucks and I've heard of people you like posting on internet forums for this about how they're feeling massively depressed because all of the mandates and stuff and they want to kill themselves and it's like no no no no no uh we gotta find a way
to actually view ourselves as victors and conquerors.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yes, and survivors, because, well, we made it through, you know.
We're three years in the game, and we're still going strong.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, and I mean, sometimes I like to think of myself when I'm ever feeling down about all this, that it's like, there are Navy SEALs, and I'm not bashing the Navy or anything, but it's like, these people still folded over and
just took it, even if they didn't want to, they did it.
And then there are people like us that it's like, nope, I'm not gonna do this.
And it's like, we still had enough willpower, more so than a Navy SEAL in that aspect, but we can stand against it.
And it's like, huh, okay, but maybe it doesn't make myself feel good.
And I do want to end with a quote from Sophie Scholl.
She, was that her name?
Yeah, Sophie Scholl, she was the founder of the White Rose, and this organization was actually in, they distributed leaflets during World War II and during the Nazi occupation of Germany against the Nazi party.
And I think this quote was so cool and I just love it.
The real damage is done by those millions who want to survive.
The honest men who just want to be left in peace.
Those who don't want their little lives disturbed by anything bigger than themselves.
Those with no sides and no causes.
Those who won't take measure of their own strength for fear of antagonizing their own weakness.
Those who don't like to make waves are enemies.
Those for whom freedom, honor, truth, and principles are only literature.
Those who live small, mate small, die small.
It's a reductionist approach to life.
If you keep it small, you'll keep it under control.
If you don't make any noise, the bookie man won't find you.
But it's all an illusion, because they die too.
Those people who roll up their spirits in a tiny little ball so as to be safe.
Safe from what?
Life is always on the edge of death.
Narrow streets lead to the same places, wide avenues, and a little candle burns itself out just like a flaming torch does.
I choose my own way to burn."
And she was executed in 1943 by the Nazi party.
Wow.

[SPEAKER_00]
It reminds me of like when this was first happening, I kept telling people I was like, not only should you not be scared of dying from this, you should definitely not be scared to live because the future is unknown.
And so it's important to do what is important to you.
You know, nobody ever knows.
You never know what tomorrow holds.
And so there's no reason to ever hold back yourself or your opinions.
So it's very powerful, Hannah.
Thank you for coming on tonight.

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, thank you for having me.

[SPEAKER_03]
It's been a pleasure.
Thank you so much for joining us tonight.
That was such a powerful quote.
Who was it if I, again?
Sophie Scholl.
Sophie Scholl, OK. S-O-H-O-L-L. OK, great.
I'll have to look it up and then get a printed copy of it.
But I think that's wonderful.
And your encouragement is greatly appreciated.
We've been, again, in this fight for three years.
We've survived it.
But fighting takes a lot of strength and a lot of energy, too.
So I'm so glad that you ended us today on a positive note.
And I wish you the best in your advocacy endeavors.
And keep pushing strong.

[SPEAKER_00]
Go back down, keep yourself strong.
Always reach out to us if you need anything too.

[SPEAKER_01]
Will do.
All right, excellent.

[SPEAKER_00]
Before we end, I want to remind everybody that the VSRF is a non-profit and so your donations keep us running and keep the show going.
So we just wanted to remind people, if you're a student, maybe tell your parents, tell anybody you know at
There's a good way to help not only people injured by the vaccine, but just help spread the knowledge that we're trying to spread.
So this is a great way you can scan the QR code or visit the link to help us keep going.
And yeah, so thank you everybody for watching.
I hope everybody has a great rest of the week.
And does anybody have anything else to say before we go?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, I do.
I like to give a shout out to Jonathan Barks.
I have a close connection with him, but he is awesome.
And thank you so much, Jonathan, for supporting our channel and supporting our show.
If all of you, if you guys found this episode helpful, please hit the thumbs up, leave a comment, share with friends and family.
And of course, you can hit the subscribe button and you'll be notified in two weeks when our next episode comes live.
So thank you for watching VR Surf Live College Edition and hope to see you guys again in two weeks.
Good night, everyone.

[SPEAKER_00]
Good night, everybody.
Have a good one.
