[UNKNOWN]
you

[SPEAKER_02]
What is the Trusted News Initiative or TNI?
Simply, Global Information Control.
The Trusted News Initiative was founded in 2019 by UK state broadcaster, the BBC, and its global media and big tech partners.
The TNI claimed its first order of business was to promote freedom and democracy by preventing foreign interference in the 2020 US presidential election.
But there was more.
The TNI's big pharma backers had a vaccine agenda in mind from the start.
The TNI issued a warning in 2019 that anti-vaxxers are gaining traction across the internet, requiring algorithmic intervention.
That means very smart computer programs to identify, attack, and neutralize anti-vaccine content.
How does the TNI work?
flooding your screen with repetitive, pro-vaccine messages that normalize the experimental vaccine.
They demonize the unvaccinated to create division and drive public acceptance of vaccine compliance.
The TNI also pays off so-called fact-checkers to run false fact checks and hit pieces on scientists and journalists who buck the official narrative.
Hundreds of frontline medical professionals, scientists, researchers who dare to speak out against the official narrative, gone, disappeared from social media by the TNI.
They didn't ask approved questions.
They didn't come to approved conclusions.
So now, top doctors from Harvard, Stanford, and Oxford are dangerous experts who must be neutralized.
TNI director Jessica Cecile complains that anti-vax content often includes interviews with people who have medical degrees.
There is frequently a grain of truth to what is claimed.
That makes untangling the false hard.
They attack early treatments that cure COVID because they feel it poses a threat to the vaccine agenda.
The TNI network also ignore stories of tens of thousands that have been injured by COVID vaccines in order to promote the false narrative that they are safe and effective.
It's not just careers the TNI is destroying, but real lives as it suppresses the true numbers on vaccine adverse effects and early treatment protocols.
Who's paying for this harmful suppression of science?
You are, we are, we pay taxes.
The government pays big pharma and big pharma spends almost $7 billion advertising with TNI corporations.
TNI companies also have pharma investments, massive conflicts of interest.
See how that works?
And at the beginning of the pandemic, when it mattered, when the truth could have helped science find the origin of COVID, the TNI aggressively shut down all inquiry into this.
They called scientists who simply raised the question of virus origin as a lab leak from the Wuhan lab, conspiracy theorists.
A year later, the so-called conspiracy theory has been deemed the most plausible scenario.
Remember Orwell's dystopia in 1984?
The Ministry of Peace made war.
The Ministry of Love tortured.
The Ministry of Truth told lies.
And in 2021, the Trusted News Initiative promotes disinformation while keeping the true science from us.

[SPEAKER_05]
The sharing of biased and false news has become all too common on social media.

[SPEAKER_01]
More alarmingly, some media outlets have polished the existing stories that are true without checking facts first.
Unfortunately, some members of the media use their platforms to push their own personal bias and agenda to control exactly what people think.

[SPEAKER_09]
And this is extremely dangerous to our democracy.

[SPEAKER_07]
Hello and welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm Livio Sanchez, Executive Producer at Vaccine Safety Research Foundation.
Thank you for joining us on Rumble Live tonight.
That video you just saw was produced by the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation back in 2021.
It was written by our very own Lisa Leahy and David Ragsdale.
I'll be talking to Tony Lyons later this evening, co-founder of the Super PAC American Values 2024, about the Trusted News Initiative, as well as getting us updated on the latest with Robert F. Kennedy Jr.'s presidential campaign.
Mark Gordon, who was originally scheduled to join us this evening, had a last minute conflict and is unable to join.
However, we do have a very special guest joining, Ora Naderich.
We also have Teachers for Choice founder Michael Cain, who just scored a major legal victory in the fight for medical freedom.
Now, an added disclaimer before we get started.
As well as my work with the VSRF and the FLCCC, I am currently a consultant for the Kennedy American Values 2024 Super PAC.
And although I'm hosting tonight, this show is not intended as a promotion or endorsement of Mr. Kennedy.
Our VSRF teammates have politically diverse views and support various candidates for president in 2024.
We have extended invites to the other major candidates from both parties to come on and share their views with our audience.
And we hope that they will join us before Election Day.
We'll keep you posted.
Donations.
I want to remind everyone that VSRF is a non-profit 501c3 organization and we need your help more than ever.
So many organizations have moved on from COVID-19, but VSRF remains constant, steadfast and prepared for this next wave of COVID mandate madness.
In fact, as mentioned last week, the VSRF team is working with a great company, Patmos, to produce a digital guide that everyone can access to resist COVID mandates pushed on us this fall and winter in 2024.
From hospitals refusing early treatment to schools trying to put our kids in masks to small businesses being threatened with closure, stay tuned for our online guide and we will never complied.
You can support this effort by going to our website, vacsafety.org, backslash donate.
We'll put the link in the chat.
Another way to support VSRF live broadcast is to become a sponsor of our show.
Like one of our avid listeners and VSRF supporter, Steve Snyder.
Mr. Snyder's sponsorship gift is helping us to cover production, promotional, and operating living expenses.
Thank you, Steve.
For more on VSRF Live sponsorship opportunities, please visit our website and hit the donate tab.
Now I'd like to introduce Nurse Angela from our VSRF team.
You all know her well.
Welcome, Angela.
How are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_03]
I'm great, Livio.
It's so good to see you.

[SPEAKER_07]
It's always wonderful to see you too.
And I'm always in awe of the work that you do with the vaccine injured and others in your long and difficult journey.

[SPEAKER_03]
Thank you.
Yes.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_07]
I wanted to bring you on tonight because obviously the big news this week is that the new COVID booster has been approved by the FDA and then the CDC guidelines have been released.
And what are your thoughts?
What's your take on whether we should get this and what impact this has on everyone?

[SPEAKER_03]
I think most people know my take on it, but I have to say that I am really upset.
I'm disappointed with the CDC, the FDA.
I think it's extremely irresponsible of them to be pushing this when there is actually zero clinical data for the safety and efficacy of this vaccine.
And now we know we have a milder disease that we're dealing with.
We know how to treat it.
We know what not to do.
And the seriousness of the injuries, you know, the risks are not being portrayed to the general public.
In fact, they're being concealed and hidden.
I think recently Dr. Weiland from UCLA just came out.
He had a seven-year-old who, you know, had a complication from the vaccine and actually died at UCLA.
And when he went in to try and update his VAERS report to let the, you know, CDC, FDA and NIH know that this child had died at UCLA,
he wasn't able to update it.
So they are strategically, um, concealing and hiding this stuff from us.
So, uh, we also don't know the, um, cumulative effect of the lipid nanoparticles as well as spike.
And what I'm seeing with the vaccine injured is not, you know, people that got the first and second and did fine that are now getting the, you know, third, fourth, fifth and sixth, we're having horrific reactions and really, really just awful.
It's, it's heartbreaking.
It's, you know,
more than we can handle.
And these are lifelong and debilitating.
So I'm just really appalled.
They're not taking our safety into consideration.
And there's other countries such as Mexico and Europe and Scandinavia where they're not recommending these for anybody under 65.
And so I don't understand how we can be doing this.

[SPEAKER_07]
You know, I was looking at both some of the legacy media reporting on this, and then you shared with me some of the side effects you got from Dr. Paul Merrick.
And these are the side effects that they're sharing on the Today website, for example, that include pain and fatigue and muscle aches and headaches and chills and low-grade fever.
And they're basically saying,
After a couple of days, you'll be fine.
And then on the right side, there's all these other adverse or side effects.
What do you think about all this?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, the one from Paul Merrick, you know, there's over 3500 peer-reviewed published studies showing these severe reactions, mainly to a lot of young, healthy people.
And so Dr. Merrick's list is actually from these publications.
So these are recognized true vaccine injuries and
you know, when you give a product to somebody, you have to have true informed consent.
And it would be nice to actually get Dr. Merrick's list versus the one that they put out where you have like a little boo-boo on your arm.
It's appalling.
You know, and on that note, I feel like now it's more important than ever with who we vote for.
Getting to know all of our candidates, I feel like, you know, this is probably, at least in my,
life the most critical election as far as getting our freedom of speech back, getting our democracy back, and really putting the health of our country first.
You know, we cannot be a productive country if we're not a healthy country.
And we can't be this great America that we are if we don't trust our government and trust that they're doing what's in our best interest.
So I recommend everybody get to know who you're voting for.
And I'm so excited to hear what the Super PAC of Kennedy has to say.
Also tonight, 9 p.m. watch, I think we'll play the trailer at the end, but I'm interviewed by American Thought Leaders.
So that airs at 9 p.m. tonight.
There's things that I'm sharing for the first time ever, things that you might not know about me.
Actually, most people don't.
So check that out and let's get on to our Super PAC.
I'm super excited to hear from them.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, yeah, we're going to play that trailer at the end.
And I want tonight to be about victory.
And I want to share.
No, Djokovic won the US Open after being two years unvaccinated and banned.
The shot of the day was brought by Moderna, which is why he was banned.
So I just wanted to give a shout out to a brave athlete who went ahead and
fought for his right for medical freedom and did not get it.
And now he's champion again.
And also he gave a shout out to Kobe Bryant who passed right before COVID hit.
So thank you Angela for coming here.

[SPEAKER_03]
You know one of the one of the ways that people can speak up to is actually by getting our our merchandise I love actually the t-shirt that I'm wearing right now is Pfizer profits before patients But not only does it help the SRF with the with the merchandise, but just wearing it out in public Let everybody know you know he was brave by being you know he put his health and and the statement of I'm not gonna do this before you know millions of dollars that he lost and so
Um, be brave, be bold, speak out, wear it around.
You'll, you'll find other people who feel just the way you do.
And, um, now's the time.

[SPEAKER_07]
Great.
Thank you for joining us, Angela.
And we'll, uh, we'll see you, uh, later and next week for sure.
And speaking of big victories and a big fighter, I want to bring on our next, our first tour.
Our next guest is Michael Kane.
Welcome to the show, Michael.
How are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_05]
Really good.
Thanks for having me on tonight, Livio.
It's good to be here.

[SPEAKER_07]
Thank you for being on.
You are a grassroots organizer for American Values 2024 as well as the founder of Teachers for Choice.
You were a New York City special education teacher or still are once they let you back in the classroom for over 14 years until you were fired for declining COVID vaccination.
And you recently had a big legal victory and you're here to tell us about it.
Welcome back.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, we did, thanks.
I declined the COVID shot two years ago, almost to the day I was fired for that.
We've been in court now for two years, two federal lawsuits, one state lawsuit, and we finally scored a victory in state court, which required that I be reinstated along with nine other of my colleagues with back pay to my job.
I showed up to my job the day after the judge told me to do so, and my principal was great, but she said, no, the city said you can't be here, Mike, so you're going to have to wait to hear from them, and a few days after that they appealed.
So now we're in the appeal process.
But this is just one victory in a battle that is a long-term war that involves me, that involves thousands of teachers, but actually more importantly involves my kids, involves my unborn grandkids, involves the entire future
of this country.
So regardless of what happens to me, regardless of what happens to those who were unjustly fired with this illegal mandate in New York City, we battle for something much bigger than simply our jobs.

[SPEAKER_07]
I want to go back.
What made you decide not to get the shot originally?

[SPEAKER_05]
I have sincere religious objections to vaccination.
I have not received any vaccines since I started making my own medical decisions for myself when I turned 18 years old.
So I always knew I wasn't going to get it just for that fact alone of
what I go to my higher power in prayer and meditation.
But also, you know, Operation Warp Speed didn't really elicit a lot of
comfort in me or in most people in terms of, let's get this vaccine to market as soon as possible.
So there's definitely multiple reasons involved.
But for me, no matter what, the second I heard about it, I knew it was something I wasn't going to get.
And then I applied for a religious exemption and was denied basically three times through this process, a very unconstitutional process.
in New York City, and it was actually quite satisfying last week when Judge Ralph Porzio looked at me and said, your religious exemption has been accepted, go report to your job.
Even though I wasn't able to report, there was something about finally being validated by an official source that certainly was satisfying and gratifying.

[SPEAKER_07]
I bet it wasn't.
Now, didn't you have to attend a protest in Manhattan this week?
I'm showing some footage here from a Labor Day march that you did.
Tell us a little bit about this.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yes, so just three days after our victory in court was the New York City Labor Day Parade, which big labor, big unions march in every year.
And it's the Saturday following Labor Day.
So Matthew Connor from Bravest for Choice had been bothering me like, Mike, we got to go back.
We went last year.
We crashed it last year.
We got to go back and represent again.
So we went.
And when we went,
We went to where the UFT was, that's the New York City Teachers Union that abandoned us, that didn't allow, didn't help us really in any way.
And we went right to them and we saw a number of people.
First we saw Senator Chuck Schumer, who I confronted and I said, Senator, you know, we just won in court, what do you feel about unvaccinated teachers going back to work?
And he said, I follow the union.
I follow the union and just walked away.
And then my brothers and sisters in Bravest for Choice kind of chased them down and asked them about firefighters.
There's a viral clip about that.
But then I said, okay, you follow the union.
I saw the president of the union, Michael Mulgrew.
And I went up to him, I shook his hand and we started to talk.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah.
And what did he say to you?
What was he saying to you there?

[SPEAKER_05]
The first thing he said to me was, I said, me and 10 teachers got reinstated to our jobs.
How do you feel about that?
He said, we were a part of that.
I said, no, you weren't.
I know all the attorneys personally.
I know all the fundraising efforts.
Your union had nothing to do with it.
He said, no, it was our lawsuit earlier with the MLC, with all the unions.
It laid the groundwork.
Real complete nonsense, real political nonsense, he was saying.
And then I said, Mike, you know, we have teachers that are, you know, they're losing their homes, their mortgages, they can't feed their families.
He said, come back, the mandate's lifted.
Everybody should come back.
And I said, well, there's legal waivers people have to sign to come back.
And he says, that I need to see.
So we got had the video.
Luckily, we were able to get that video out there.
It's been viewed thousands of times.
And he didn't call me back.
So I kind of put on social media, we're going to do an action.
But then his lawyer called me back.
Beth Norton, the general counsel of the New York City Teachers Union, called me up.
We had a long conversation where she basically said, yeah, we know that there's waivers.
And we said we didn't like that.
But New York City said, well, tough.
That's what's going to happen.
And that's where it ended.
So they felt fine with that.
And I said, wait a minute.
You're not going to use your leverage to push to get these fired teachers to not sign the legal?
waiver to waive their rights to sue.
And she said, we don't have any leverage.
Not everything can be bargained.
So our teacher union is terrible in New York City.
It abandoned its members in a critical moment of time.
And it's organizations like Children's Health Defense that is backing our lawsuit.
VSRF, another amazing organization.
Bobby Kennedy, who stood with us when we were fired on the streets of Manhattan,
He was at a New York freedom rally and he rallied with us and he backed it up.
And as the founder of Children's Health Defense, he backed up our lawsuits, which are still going.
So yeah, that's who stands with us.
Unfortunately, organized labor abandoned us by and large.
Almost every union did.

[SPEAKER_07]
Wow, that's an incredible path and journey you've been on in a tremendous fight.
I have two questions.
One, have you had more teachers come up to you quietly saying, hey, I'm afraid to lose my job, but what should I do?
Are you getting more of those?

[SPEAKER_05]
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, we're getting tons of that.
We got high fives in the hallway when no one was looking in the very beginning of this.
You know, we always had a lot of support, but now it's more and more.
And when we marched in the Labor Day parade with the New York City Teachers Union, they kind of shrugged their shoulders and were kind of like,
okay i guess i'm i guess this new york workers for choice group is gonna march with us we had about a lot of literature that had teachers for choice information on one side robert f kennedy jr on the other side it was actually quite well received of course there were those who like yelled at us and cursed at us and all of that as well too but there was a lot of people who were very very interested interestingly enough
a significant amount of black and Hispanic educators were really taking it up and really looking to get information on teachers for choice in Kennedy.
So it's a new day now.
It was, you know, two years ago, I mean, Livio, you remember what it was like.
We really had to endure a lot.
We were looked at as pariahs.
Now I really firmly believe we are the majority consensus.
Maybe not every single opinion we have, but I think the idea that
you have to be injected to access society has been rejected and that was really what they wanted they wanted injections to be required
for accessing school, you know, libraries, yes, entertainment, your job.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_05]
Exactly.
It was crazy.
And I really believe that that thesis, that attempt has been rejected firmly.
And it's definitely a new day.
We have a new political power.
Medical freedom has a new political power we did not have earlier.
And that's where the super PAC comes in and other things where we really need to exercise getting on the offense on this now.

[SPEAKER_07]
Nice segue.
How did you get involved with American Values 2024?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, so, you know, I was a grassroots organizer in medical freedom for a couple years.
You know, I helped to behind the scenes put together Defeat the Mandates with BSRF and Children's Health Defense and FLCCC.
I've gotten thousands of people to New York City, City Hall, Capital to Albany to the Capitol in Albany.
So I've been doing it for a while.
And there's nobody out there in my opinion.
that has a medical freedom platform like robert f kennedy jr and so when when the super pack came to me and said hey you do great work we want you to do it for us to get bobby kennedy elected president it was virtually a no-brainer for me it was actually like well absolutely and regardless of who anybody supports out there bobby's making everybody better his medical freedom platform
him talking about this issue, not shying away, not pivoting when these critical issues come up.
It forces Trump and DeSantis, especially among others, to take these issues on head on, to deal with them deeper in their own platforms.
And so just what I've seen accomplished just in a short period of time, issues we thought would never be discussed.
in the mainstream are getting twenty thirty forty fifty million views are from mainstream national media from from social social media so i'm already i feel like it's been victorious already medical freedom has gotten a spotlight in a way we've never ever seen before
and everybody out there with all all of the losses we take all all of the pain that we've been through should be extremely excited because i'm definitely seeing victories and i'm seeing a complete change and remember this civil rights are not one in a year civil rights are rarely one in a decade it's it's one of these things that you need to fight for and put your boots on as bobby says and continue to march
for freedom and fight for civil rights and i actually feel like we've gained so much in a very short period of time so people should actually be pretty excited about that my opinion

[SPEAKER_07]
Fantastic.
Michael, it's an honor to march alongside you in this medical freedom fight and to get Bobby Kennedy elected.
So if you can come back to the Q&A, that would be great.
I understand you may not be able to make it back.
But if you do have questions out there for Michael Cain, put him in the chat and we'll try to get him to him whether he comes back later or not.
So, Michael, thank you for joining us and hopefully you'll come back later in the show.

[SPEAKER_05]
Thanks so much for having me, Livio.
Appreciate it.
Appreciate you.

[SPEAKER_07]
So before we get to our guest of honor, Tony Lyons, I'm going to play a video that was an interview with Bobby, with Robert F. Kennedy Jr. on Forbes, and where he talks about DNC corruption, because I want to get Tony's take on this.
I'm going to play this first, then I'm going to bring Tony on.
So here comes a quick clip of RFK Jr.

[SPEAKER_01]
It's pretty clear that the DNC does not want a primary.
They.
You know, I don't want to say that they want a coronation, but that's I think that that's a fair way to put it, actually.
They're doing they're they're
Essentially, they're fixing up the process of that.
It makes it almost impossible to have democracy function.
They're effectively disenfranchising the Democratic voters from from having any choice and who becomes president, who becomes the Democratic nominee.
So two of the things they've done today is they've moved the
the Iowa primary, they made rules that if anybody campaigns in Iowa or sets foot, any candidate sets foot in the state of Iowa or sets foot in the state of New Hampshire, that none of the votes that are cast for that candidate will be tallied.
In other words, any delegate that I win in New Hampshire or Iowa would go instead to the president.
And now they're trying to change it so that
If I campaign in New Hampshire, that none of the votes cast for me in Georgia will count.
That's significant because it's hard to win the nomination without Georgia.

[SPEAKER_00]
What is the logic?

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, they're rigging it so that, you know, effectively, you know, we're looking at
the tabulations now that look like if you add up all the superdelegates that they control and all of the automatic delegates that just go to the party and go to the president, I would have to win almost 80% of all of the states in order to beat President Biden, even if he only wins 20%.

[SPEAKER_00]
And yet you continue on.
So what is your strategy then in light of this for defeating President Biden?

[SPEAKER_01]
These rules will not be finalized until September 14th.
And we've written the DNC protesting.
I mean, there's some really wild things that they're now considering, including forcing me
to actually pay for the primaries and their logic is that they don't need a primary because they already have a candidate and therefore I'm costing them all this money and that money should be paid for by me and maybe Marianne Williamson.
So it's a process that is rigged.
We live at a time in American history when a lot of Americans think that democracy is broken, that the system, the political system is rigged, and that there's not really any democracy.
And unfortunately, the DNC is taking a lot of steps that confirm that outlook.

[SPEAKER_00]
If the decision holds for the current sort of primary structure with the DNC, what is the best, what is the route to victory for you against President Biden?

[SPEAKER_01]
If the DNC is going to make it, is going to rig it so that it is simply impossible for anybody
The challenge, President Biden, you know, I need to look at other alternatives because I can't go back to the people who support me and to my donors and say, you know, I'm in this to make a point.
I need to show them a road to victory.

[SPEAKER_00]
What kind of alternatives would you be exploring, Mr. Kennedy?

[SPEAKER_01]
You know, I don't know exactly because I want to see what the DNC does.
I want to see if they make it a fair contest.
I'm not asking that it be 100% fair, but I'm asking that there at least be a chance that it be plausible for somebody else to win other than their chosen anointed candidate.

[SPEAKER_07]
produced Tony Lyons to help us unpack everything we just listened to there.
Tony, you're the co-chair and co-founder of American Values 2024, also president and publisher of Skyhorse Books, as well as an attorney.
You founded Skyhorse Publishing in 2006 and have been involved with every aspect of the book publishing process.
And you've published several books such as one of our favorites, The Real Anthony Fauci.
Welcome to VSRF Live, Tony.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, thanks for having me on.

[SPEAKER_07]
I want to go back a little bit before we dive into Bobby and I want to hear a little bit about your decision to publish so many diverse books, but yet touch these books that no one else wants to touch.
Where did you find the courage to take those risks?

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, so, you know, I don't think it's all that much of a risk.
I mean, I think it's more shocking that other publishers aren't doing it.
than it is shocking that I am.
And it's the same way that I view Bobby Kennedy in the sense that I think that Bobby is a real Democrat and the Democratic Party has just shifted so far in every other direction.
So they've lost all of their core values.
So they say that Bobby isn't really part of their party, that he's changed and that his views are outside of the mainstream.
But the fact is that it's their side
that has changed and lost everything that was at the core of what it meant to be a Democrat.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, that makes so much sense.
So help our audience out here.
You started this super PAC, American Values 2024.
Give us your definition of what a super PAC is.
We know all about Citizens United, but tell us the process and getting that started and why you did that.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, so the main thing is, personally, I would rather see money out of politics and I would rather see a setup where Bobby Kennedy could just debate with Biden and Trump and get out there and tell the American people what he really believes so that they could make an informed decision about what they think is best for them.
But we live in a world where that's not possible.
So I'm happy to be part of a super PAC that can raise as much money as possible to try to fight back against the incredible censorship and propaganda that makes it so difficult for people to have any idea what Bobby Kennedy really stands for.

[SPEAKER_07]
My first experience with Bobby, I was producing a podcast back in 2021 and he was on that disinformation dozen list and immediately you had him on your show.
You would have your entire channel deleted.
It was just toxic, but we took that chance.
We didn't put them on YouTube, but we did the interview.
And I was just so inspired by the man, just everything he stood for, all the work he did with the environment.
We showed this video earlier at the beginning of the podcast, the Trusted News Initiative.
Tell us your take on that and what we can do because I run into people all the time.
I do my own focus testing to find out if they know about Bobby Kennedy Jr. and if he's running for president and
Frankly, a lot of the people I encounter don't even know who he is.
They don't know that he's running.
And how do you how do you tackle this trusted news initiative and the brainwashed masses out there that keep following the legacy media?
I think I might have lost your feed, Tony.
You're frozen, but hopefully we can get that connection back.
Yeah, we're trying to get Tony back.
In the meantime, we are there he is.
I think you're back now.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, it seemed like we lost connection there.
But I, you know, as Bobby Kennedy said when he announced that he was going to run for president and they started having tech problems, you know, I think that this is the same kind of thing that
Anytime I have tech problems now, I think that there are people who don't want to hear people like you and I discuss these kinds of things.
So, you know, my, my feeling is that Bobby is really a folk hero and that there's so many people out there who think that he's dangerous.
And I was, I was out last night with a whole group of, uh, of what I felt were really smart people.
And I asked them all what they thought about Bobby Kennedy, and they said right away that they thought that he was dangerous, that he was anti-science.
So I gave them the kind of speech that I would like to give now, which is that, you know, who is he dangerous to?
So I think Bobby Kennedy really is dangerous, but he's dangerous to a totally corrupt system.
And he, as president, would change that system.
And that would hurt a lot of very powerful people who've been sucking the blood of the American public.
And there's so many different sides to this, but we see that the DNC is just totally corrupt now.
In that clip from Bobby Kennedy that he has to get 80% of the vote
to get delegates, to have any chance of actually winning.
So this is absolutely rigged.
We're living in a corrupt country now.
We're living in an oligarchy, and Bobby Kennedy is fighting back.
And this is what it looks like when you fight back, is that they say that you're anti-science, that you're part of the disinformation dozen, that you're dangerous.
But the truth is, what does Bobby really stand for?
And what he stands for, I mean, he's been suing corrupt
corporations and government agencies for the last 40 years of his life.
I mean, we should be grateful for somebody who's dedicated their life to doing that.
And he has all the core democratic values.
I mean, he's anti-war.
He's pro-freedom, he's anti-censorship, he's anti-propaganda, he's anti-government and corporate corruption.
So this is somebody that any real Democrat ought to love.
I mean, he is out there fighting for our rights, fighting to make this country the real democracy that it could still be.
And that's not dangerous to people, that's just dangerous to these big corrupt government agencies and the corrupt corporations who control them.

[SPEAKER_07]
Absolutely.
So there was a DNC meeting today.
Did you watch any of it?
I had a hard time staying focused because they were trying to push this new voting system.
Can you talk a little bit about this that hasn't really been tested?
But it seems like Maine is the breeding ground for this new process that they want to bring in.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, I mean, my view is that every new process that they're going to bring in is geared towards what I said before.
It's geared towards rigging the system so that we don't really live in a democracy.
And so I think, you know, they're trying to push Bobby out of the Democratic Party.
They don't believe that your vote ought to count.
So anybody watching this, they should be infuriated that the DNC wants to take their votes, wants to take their power and doesn't want us to live in a real democracy.
And that's what I saw happening today.
And that's what I think has been happening now for months and months.
And it's been fascinating because they've gone after Bobby Kennedy so strongly in so many different ways on TV shows and
newspaper after newspaper running hit pieces, saying everything bad, throwing the kitchen sink at him.
But the amazing thing is that his numbers aren't going down.
He keeps bouncing back because people are starting to recognize that this corruption is so pervasive and that they're lying about him and that he is the first politician in a long time who's going to tell them the truth and actually fight for the things that matter to them.

[SPEAKER_07]
What do you think of what's going to happen if New Hampshire doesn't follow these DNC guidelines and actually has their primary first or the Iowa caucus?
Will they actually just discount those states and those citizens in the primary?

[SPEAKER_09]
So I definitely think they're going to try to do that.
We, as in the Super PAC, are going to try to bring a RICO case, making the argument that the DNC
is engaging in racketeering, that they're breaking laws, that they think that they're above the law and they think that they don't live in a democracy.
They certainly don't want any of the democratic values that we all care about and cherish and so many people have fought for.
So I think that, you know,
people have power and that if people come out and they rally and they don't accept it, you know, maybe Bobby Kennedy has to run as a third party candidate.
Maybe the Democratic Party has gone so insane and become so corrupt that he starts a new party that is actually the real Democratic Party.
you know, maybe that has to happen.
I would hope that that isn't true.
I would hope that people will wake up.
But, you know, this is a time when I think millions of people are tired of being lied to.
And they are beginning to see in Bobby Kennedy, somebody who they can really trust, and somebody who really cares about them.
And we recognize
You know, Bobby says it time after time and it was in the New York Times and various other places that 57 percent of the people in this country don't have a thousand dollars in the bank.
So, you know, this is a system that's failing now and it's failing not because there's a problem with capitalism, not because there's a problem with democracy, but it's because we lost those things, that this is an oligarchy, that this is, you know, capitalism for a very small number of people who've taken over
field after field, and they just absolutely control it.
Monopoly power at its very worst.
And I think that Americans want democracy back, they want real capitalism back, and they want to have a chance.
And they need a candidate and a president like Bobby Kennedy to go in there and gut these federal agencies and decouple them from the corporations that are controlling them and start to have a system where people actually have a fighting chance.

[SPEAKER_07]
You're giving me a little hope that if, which is probably what's going to happen, they'll railroad Bobby like they did Bernie, that actually he'll do better if he has to leave the Democratic side and form his own party or independent.
Because I do believe that there are people looking for an alternative.
One thing I do hear from my Democrat friends, they're afraid of Biden.
running again, but they're not given an alternative.
If this happens where finally Biden doesn't run, who do you think they're going to try to replace him with if they try to keep Bobby out of the race?
Right now it's Bobby and Marianne Williamson.
Who do you think might be that dark horse candidate out there?
Is it Gavin Newsom?
Is it someone we haven't heard about yet?

[SPEAKER_09]
So I think Gavin is a really bad candidate and that a lot of people really dislike him and that he doesn't represent the key issues that really matter to large numbers of people outside of California.
And even inside of California, there's a big percentage of the population that's just tired of him.
I mean, many people have fled the state, gone to Florida, gone to Texas.
But I don't think he can really win.
I don't think he's a charismatic leader.
I don't think he represents any kind of positive change.
And I think people see what he stands for.
And he stands for more repression, less, you know, government openness, more censorship, more propaganda, you know, more rules to keep people down to take their freedom from them.
And I don't think that that gives him any shot at actually winning.
And I think that the Democratic Party will see that.
So the question is, you know, what do they actually do?
They hate Bobby because they're scared of him, because they're scared of the change that he will bring.
But the American people, if they knew what he would really do,
And if he hadn't been subjected to all of this incredible censorship and propaganda, they would love him.
So like you said, you know, maybe as a third party candidate, he gets this, this upsurge of people really having an idea of what he stands for.
And then maybe he can go around the country and people from the right and left and in the center will recognize that he's not a danger to them, that he is the one candidate
who's really gonna do the things that they need and change the things that need to be changed in this country.

[SPEAKER_07]
I have a couple of questions that other people I've talked to have concerns about, one of which is Israel and the debate that may or not have been brought up with Max Blumenthal and Jimmy Dore.
Have you followed that?
What's your take on him debating someone like Max Blumenthal and addressing the Israel issue and the Palestine issue head on?

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, so I mean, I do think that a lot of people get
bogged down on one thing that bothers them or one thing that they think Bobby's got wrong.
But the main thing that you get with Bobby Kennedy is somebody who's willing to talk about anything, somebody who's willing to bring in other voices.
So he's not part of the oligarchy.
He's not going to force his rules, his point of view on people.
He wants open dialogue and debate.
So when you think about Israel, I think part of what he sees is that they should be treated like any other country, and that if you're not an anti-Semite, you look at Israel as a country that makes mistakes and that has to be held accountable, but you don't hate the country.
You can disagree with the policies of the government and you can try to help them change.
But you recognize that it's a country that has the same kinds of divisions that we have here, where some of the time 49% of the people want one thing and 51% want something else.
So that's a complicated thing.
But it's also very complicated
just to live there and to think about what you do with the with the issues of safety.
And it is clear and it's been clear for the last 60 years that there are people on all sides of Israel who would like to wipe them off the map.
So it's a complicated thing.
And there is a lot of a lot of problems with the way that it's portrayed in the media.
But I think Bobby would never be for any group being mistreated, any group suffering unnecessarily.
And he would be right on board with making sure that the military in Israel is held accountable.
if they break the rules of war, but these are really complicated questions.
And so for Max Blumenthal to see something that he doesn't like and suddenly then go after Bobby Kennedy, that I think is the wrong way to look at it.
He's not just saying, I'm for Israel in everything that they do.
He's saying that the fundamental things are that they're like a brother to us.
They're a partner in the Middle East, and they have been for a long time.
And we may disagree with them.
We may fight with them.
We may want to hold them accountable for the mistakes that they make and for the crimes that they commit, just as we would do with our own military and our own government.
But that doesn't mean that you hate them as a country or as a people.

[SPEAKER_07]
Great.
I hope they actually get a chance to have that conversation sometime in the future.
The other issue I keep hearing is where he is with the environment and climate change.
Can you clarify where Bobby is on the climate change issue right now in the environment?

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, that's another difficult one.
And I generally prefer to let him describe that by himself, but clearly he really cares about the environment and he's proven that.
over 40 years of bringing lawsuits to push back on corrupt corporations that are trying to ruin the planet for the rest of time.
They're trying to do that just to make more money.
And he sees the great dangers in that.
And he really cares that the planet is healthy, that people are healthy, that pharmaceutical companies don't pollute all of our bodies, that
Big oil, big ag, don't ruin the planet, don't ruin the mountains, the rivers.
So all of us ought to be for those things.
And so I don't think anybody can look at the things that Bobby does when it comes to the environment on the right or the left and not think that he's trying to defend us and to defend our planet.
And so when you think about climate change, that gets more complicated in the sense of all of the different motivations people have, whether they're selling carbon credits or doing all of these very complicated things.
For example, when you think about something like separating plastics, and so many people think
It's fine to just gulp down water from plastic bottles all the time and the only thing that matters is that you separate them and you put that plastic in a blue can versus some other kind of can.
But they don't even think that there's no logic to the way that
that plastic is dealt with and it's not at all clear that it should just not go right in a landfill where it stays there rather than separate it out, put in a barge, shipped all around the world and then dumped into the ocean.
So I think what Bobby Kennedy would stand for is real common sense answers.
You know, common sense
ways of looking at things that recognize that so many of these big companies are just doing anything they can to make more money, to extract money from millions of hardworking people, and that they don't care whether you're healthy, they don't care whether the planet is healthy, they just want to make money.
And that's the kind of thing he would fight against.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, I mean,
He's such a champion for the environment.
To even question that to me doesn't have any logic behind it.
So what happened today?
There was a protest or something that the American values was involved in today.
Can you give us a little update on that and where it was and what was going on with the bus?
Sure.

[SPEAKER_09]
So the Super PAC has a lot of different programs that we're working on, that we're funding.
And one of them is this caravan that's going to go around the country, hopefully with hundreds and hundreds of cars, following it with flags, with pictures of Bobby Kennedy, with pamphlets, with
yard signs with t-shirts with hats to really explain to as many people who are willing to listen what Bobby really stands for and what's going on and and what the censorship means and how that sort of Made it so difficult for people to get the true story of what he stands for what Donald Trump stands for and what Biden stands for so so the DC rally today was about
you know, the DNC corruption.
And so they were meeting to make even more rules to make it even more difficult for Bobby Kennedy to have a fair chance.
And, you know, that's such an incredibly desperate move.
I mean, they are absolutely panicking.
They've been sending out millions and millions of emails trying to vilify Bobby, trying to get him off the ballot.
trying to change every rule they can change so that he doesn't have a chance.
And it's been really inspiring to see how he's dealt with it, how he's been fighting back and how his numbers aren't going down.
So when they started to panic, the numbers in New Hampshire and in South Carolina, he was getting something like 15 to 20 percent of the likely Democratic primary voters.
And in the most recent Zogby poll, he got 31 percent
of likely Democratic primary voters in New Hampshire and 24% in Biden's dream state of South Carolina.
Those are huge numbers.
And he's obviously a crossover candidate.
So when you look at the number of Republicans or unaligned people who would vote for him, I think they're beginning to see internal polling that sees that if they don't act in these corrupt ways, he may be unstoppable.
because he's telling the truth and he really stands for the things that people care about, and they don't.
They are just trying to fool people into thinking that they care.
But when it comes down to it, they are absolutely corrupt and they don't believe in freedom, they don't believe in democracy, and they don't care that the American public is really suffering now.

[SPEAKER_07]
You're absolutely correct.
I'm curious, I would love to see a debate with Bobby and the Donald Trump.
What's their relationship like?
I know that when Trump was president, he might have had a role for Bobby.
What do you think their relationship is like now?

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, so I think one thing that I really like with Bobby Kennedy is that he's willing to talk to anybody, that he wants to get to the truth, and that he wants to fight all of these lies, all of these stories that people tell us to get us to fight each other.
So the big corporations that have basically stolen this country from the people, they're more than happy to see Democrats fighting against Republicans.
and vice versa, because that keeps us weak.
And that keeps us fighting each other rather than fighting them.
So they don't want that to happen.
And so they want to come after Bobby Kennedy when he treats people with respect.
So he would want to go to Washington
and really change things and have bipartisan groups who would fight to protect the American people and who would make this into a country where we can have real freedom once again.
And there's so many ways that that would have to take place.
I mean, we would have to really free up
government agencies, whether it's breaking up the CIA or the FBI or, you know, having new leadership in the CDC, the FDA, the FEC, the EPA.
I mean, there's a lot of work to be done there.
But Bobby has a roadmap of how to make these changes because he's been suing these government agencies for so many years.
And that has given him
the insight into how to actually do it.
So Donald Trump talked throughout his presidency and his campaign about things like draining the swamp.
And there were so many people who loved that concept, but he didn't have the experience or the tools to actually get that done.
So he didn't break up any of the government agencies.
He didn't really
fire large numbers of people and bring in different groups and investigate what's been happening over the last 20 years.
He didn't get rid of any corruption.
Whether he wanted to or not, nobody really knows.
But Bobby Kennedy does want to, and he would do it, and he'd start doing it on day one.
So when you ask me what he thinks of Donald Trump and what their connection is,
You know, he's very happy that Donald Trump likes him.
He's very happy to deal in a civil way with people who he disagrees with, because that's how you get things done.

[SPEAKER_07]
Excellent.
One last thing I want to bring up before I bring in our next guest is I was recently down in Florida visiting family and they all asked me what I'm doing and I did mention that I am working with you in American Values 2024 and for a super PAC that's supporting Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
Again, the vast majority didn't know or didn't know that he was running or what they did know was what they were programmed to know that he's an anti-vaxxer and crazy, which I helped educate them a little bit.
But I did ask them, what are the issues that are important to you?
And a lot of this is in the Hispanic community and the big issues are family.
bringing the family together and immigration, because there's a lot of family in Latin American countries.
And I want to hear what your thoughts are on Bobby's position on how to solve this immigration crisis that we have going on, because that is a big issue for the Hispanic community.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, I really like the kinds of things that he's been saying.
And, you know, we had a meeting of Latino leaders
About a month ago and had a long talk with with each of them.
There was something like 30 people would work really hard.
over 25, 30 years, they'd come across the border, they'd experienced all of the hardships and the failures in our policy and our border policy.
And so I think what Bobby really wants to do is be honest about what's going on and to set up a system where the border really is impervious.
And many of the Latina leaders felt very strongly that we need to have a really strong border.
that we need to have a border that you can't just walk across because it's a system that doesn't make sense and it leads to more and more corruption.
So if somebody, you know, if three million people walk across the border, people from all around the world, and Bobby spent time on the border and he talked for, you know, two or three days with
with hundreds and hundreds of people who were walking over the border and being given tickets to different cities and this really crazy policy that is in place now.
And he saw the policy and the policy is just Biden saying, I'm going to do the opposite of what Trump did.
You know, with no logic, no analysis, just going to turn off the cameras, open up all the gates, just to stick it to Trump.
And that's not a policy.
So Bobby's policy would be to make the border as strong as it can possibly be.
Because if you don't, then you have millions of people who are willing to work for whatever they can get, for $5 an hour, for nothing, for room and board.
You know, whereas so many people have fought their way to being citizens and they've worked for 10 years or 20 years or 30 years, and they're getting good salaries and they have good jobs.
And the last thing that they would want is to have these corrupt companies then hiring people who they let come across the border for five dollars an hour.
You know, so that isn't good for anybody.
It's not good for this country.
It's not good for all of the other people who have fought to make their jobs better.
and have fought for higher salaries and a better way of life.
So he would be absolutely for
having a lot of people come into this country.
We need people to come into this country who are ready and willing to work hard.
And many of those people are ready and able to work at a level that most people in this country can't.
We absolutely need those people.
But we need to have some kind of rule of law.
And we also need to have some kind of much faster path to citizenship.
So Bobby has said that he would give everybody coming across the border a cheap ID.
He would give poor people all around the country a cheap ID.
Maybe make it free from the government because now they're paying $65 to get an ID or $150 to get a passport.
So it's just a bad system.
So, and then people come across the border and they get, you know, even if they're willing to sort of check in and try to get in the system and in the process, they are given a court date that's seven years from the date that they come across the border.
And that's just a crazy system.
I mean, we should want people to come across
work hard and that my view is that they come across the border and as soon as they're working hard and they're following the law and they're paying taxes they should be an american just like all of our parents grandparents great grandparents work.
So this system we have now is not what this country represents.
It's not what's best for this country.
It traps tax dollars.
It makes people so afraid that they can't even put their money in the bank.
It isn't good for anybody.
So it's not good for the hardworking people who've been here for a decade or two decades.
It's not good for the people coming in because they don't get treated well.
It's not good for the government because they don't get tax dollars.
So nobody should want this system.
And Bobby Kennedy would come into power and he would come up with common sense answers to these problems that nobody's been able to solve for the last 20 years.

[SPEAKER_07]
I agree.
And I can say emphatically that my family, my Hispanic community, they want safe passage.
They want to do things legally.
They want to do things the right way.
And they want to work hard.
And so it makes no sense that the system we have.
So thank you for articulating it so clearly.
Tony, I want to know what you do to take care of your mindfulness, your mental health.
since you're in the grind day in day out with all of these issues.
And I'm going to bring in someone you know to help us unpack some mindfulness into the conversation.
I want to welcome Aura Naderich to the program.
Hello, Aura.
Thank you for joining us on a short notice this evening.

[SPEAKER_04]
Hi, Livio and hi, Tony.

[SPEAKER_09]
Great to see you.
This is, I think, the third time in a relatively short time.

[SPEAKER_04]
That's right.
Exactly.
Fighting the good fight with mindfulness.

[SPEAKER_07]
I'm going to introduce you to the audience.
You are a mindfulness expert, international keynote speaker, thought coach, expert contributor to Daily Cloud and founder and president of the Institute for Transformational Thinking.
You served on the board of Children's Health Defense from 2020 through 2023 and you're a public voice against the speech censorship that you witnessed during those years.
Uh, or I'm very curious how you came to children's health defense, your experience during the COVID and COVID lockdowns.
How did you, how did you navigate these waters?

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, I was on social media and one of the people that I was listening to and following and thought made all the sense in the world was Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
And when he got deplatformed, I had a visceral reaction that something very seriously wrong had just happened.
So I felt very emphatic, very called, if you will, to get involved.
I thought something very nefarious is happening in our country, the United States of America, the country of freedom, free speech, all the things that I think Tony brought up so eloquently,
what this country stands for and what it has stood for.
And I got a hold of Children's Health Defense and they got me connected to Bobby.
I did my first fundraiser for Children's Health Defense in 2020 when things were really going crazy.
And that's when I got involved.
Can you hear me, Livio?

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
Okay.
So I want to make sure, cause I was hearing a little bit of a, of an echo.

[SPEAKER_07]
There's a little echo, but I can hear you.

[SPEAKER_04]
Okay.
I wonder if I should put on my headset, if that would help.

[SPEAKER_07]
Pause.
So there might be a little echo setting as well that could, that could help, but we can't hear you.

[SPEAKER_04]
You can hear me.
Okay.
So I got involved.
I did my first big fundraiser for children's health defense and Bobby in 2020.
when things were pretty crazy.
And I had over 100 people that showed up here at my home to support Children's Health Defense.
And at that time, we had a little bit of a mixed bag.
We had people that were afraid, people that were in support of the vaccines, and people that weren't having any of it.
And yet somehow, we were all able to convene together because we knew that there was something very important that we needed to listen to, and that was Bobby.
And from that point on, I got more involved with Children's Health Defense.
I became a board member.
I had a few other events at my home for Bobby and
You know, I never consider myself a very proactive political person, if you will.
But when things got so bad and our world had just gone upside down, I knew I had to get involved.
And there was no better way for me to get involved, I felt, than to join this very valiant, courageous group of people, Children's Health Defense, and get involved right with them.
And I think it was one of the best decisions of my life.

[SPEAKER_07]
Did you get any sort of a backlash from your community before COVID, or were you just embraced and everybody followed you?
How did that go?

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, I think that everything happened, as you know, so quickly.
And when I got involved,
I think there were people within my own community, even my family members that were a little bit on high alert.
They were like, well, what just happened to her?
Do you know?
And I think that for most people, when you start to veer away from the club,
When you start to veer away from groupthink, people suddenly feel that you've now entered into, you know, you've gone to the other side, if you will.
And what I think a lot of people didn't understand is that we were all trying to fight the good fight.
And this had nothing to do with what your political proclivities were.
Do you know?
We were fighting against this tyranny that was rearing its ugly head very quickly.
So I do believe that there were people that maybe perhaps didn't understand and I think my own family had questioned me because I felt so impassioned.
And, you know, my father lost his whole family in the Holocaust.
So I know that it's deeply embedded in my DNA, if you will.
And it was as if my ancestors were speaking through me.
And I knew there's that very important quote that comes from the memory of the Holocaust.
And that is, if not now, when?
If not me, who?
So I felt very called and I knew that we have to get into the into the trenches here because it felt like I was trying to wake people up and say, no, the Nazis are here.
It's not that they're coming.
They're already here.
And, you know, of course, people think you're being hyperbolic.
And that's that was actually more metaphorical, but with a sense of urgency, for sure.

[SPEAKER_07]
One of my entrees into mindfulness actually was way back in the mid 90s.
I read a return to love written by the other Democratic presidential candidate, Marianne Williamson.
Do you have any sort of friendship or relationship with her?

[SPEAKER_04]
I do.
I know Marianne quite well.
I supported her when she ran for Congress and I was one of the first people she called when she had decided for her first run as president.
And I supported her in that run as well.
And, you know, I think that Bobby is my choice, and I wish Mary Ann well, but there's, it's just, you know, it's very apparent to me that Bobby is the absolute, I know Tony agrees wholeheartedly, that there is nobody better suited as, you know, and if he sticks to the party that has so turned against him, but there is no better candidate than Bobby.
And I only hope and pray that the rest of America catches on to that.

[SPEAKER_07]
I'm right there with you.
So what do you tell Tony?
How do you help Tony navigate the stress of the work that he's doing right now?

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, Tony on the surface doesn't look like a stressful person, but we all know that we can internalize our stresses.
And I think Tony has a very nice level of equanimity about him.
I don't know what you do, Tony.
when you turn this all off, you know, if you just, you know, suddenly just let it all go.
But I really try to tell people that we're in a war as we know we're in a major what I call a spiritual war between the light and the dark.
You know, people can say it's between the between good and evil doesn't even matter what you call it.
But we're fighting against something that is like a monolith.
And it's something that is unprecedented that I've never experienced in my lifetime, where mindfulness is key and comes into play as a practice, as a conscious practice of, and even with the rumors and the threats that we may go through this all over again, things like lockdown and vaccine mandates and all of that.
And you can only,
stop and think about that and most people want to go into reactive mode.
They're like, oh no, here we go again.
And it starts to bring up all sorts of emotions because we've all been traumatized over the last three years by what happened.
So what I encourage people to do is to stay present.
as best they can with non reactivity so that we can be way better prepared to face whatever challenges are going to come down the pipe.
And we know that the challenges will keep being thrown our way.
There's a desperation at this point.
I think we all feel that it's palpable.
And where the mindfulness practice really comes in very handy is I want people to be so present, so aware, so cognizant of what they're seeing and what they're hearing.
so that when things like mandates come up again, that we hold a position with tremendous inner strength and equanimity, and we just simply say, no, we will not comply.
So my best advice that I can give is that if we all held that you know if we all held that position of truth and we we said you know we're not this isn't even negotiable this is not even open for discussion we will mindfully be aware of how we will respond to any of the ongoing tyranny should it come our way.
I think that we will move the needle.
I really do.
I don't think what we've done prior is going to work this time around.
And I think we have to be mindfully aware of that more will rear its ugly head and we have to be very prepared.

[SPEAKER_07]
Totally agree.
And I do agree with you that Bobby has that mindfulness presence, that energy around him that I've not seen from a candidate, maybe ever, maybe Barack early, you know, but I don't know.
He's just got this energy that's so deep.

[SPEAKER_04]
I so agree with you, Livio, because even the way he responds, you know, with all the interviews that he does and all the personal attacks on him,
and the character assassination and the vilification and all the ways, the horrible ways in which he's been treated.
I'm amazed time and time again that he always comes back to this place of dignity and honor and takes the higher road.
I mean, even reading his letter that he just wrote to the DNC.
It's quite profound, actually.
It's like this is a guy who could be furious at the way they've been treating him.
And yet he always defaults to taking the higher road.
If that isn't presidential, I don't know what is.

[SPEAKER_09]
That's exactly right.
I mean, he has been so great at responding with dignity to the attacks that have just come every single day.
And that I think, you know, like I said before, is part of the reason why his polling numbers keep going up and why the Democratic Party becomes more and more fearful.
And the panic that they've shown is a reaction
to his unwillingness to sort of play on their level, that they want him to react.
They want him to get hysterical and to sort of make it seem that he's not in control.
But he has shown time after time that he can respond well and calmly to anything that they throw at him.
And that I think is terrifying to them.
And they are going to just keep
escalating it till they get to a point where he's forced to leave the party.
But you would think that they would have learned something from what they did to Bernie Sanders.
They went so far with Bernie Sanders that Bernie Sanders' followers, that the people who really believed in the mission that he represented, they could not vote.
for another Democrat.
They just couldn't bring themselves to do it because they saw what the Democratic Party started to stand for at that time.
So, you know, I would think that they should wake up to the fact that if they keep doing this, that if they keep proving to the world that they're anti-democratic, that they're willing to lie, that they're willing to protect these big, greedy corporations at the expense of hardworking people in America,
that when it comes time to have these people vote, they're either not going to show up or they're going to vote for somebody else because they believe
very strongly, millions and millions of people don't even care what the political party is.
They believe that this has to be a democracy and that their vote has to mean something.
So I think personally that this could be an incredible time for a third party candidate, that this could be the first time in the history of this country where people say, we want to have a real choice.
You know, we don't want to choose between things that are bad for us.
McDonald's and Burger King,
you know, Coke and Pepsi, that they want to have a real choice.
And, you know, if you look at what happened during the pandemic, that the liquor stores were all open, the bookstores were all closed, you know,
What does this country stand for?
I mean, what if we had a president like Bobby Kennedy who said, you know, the best thing you can do is what he's been doing is remain calm, try to be healthy, you know, take long walks, you know, meditate, do whatever it is that brings you back to yourself.
eat healthy foods, try to really balance your own body.
That's the best protection you can possibly get, not pharmaceutical drugs, not eating junk food, not drinking alcohol or taking any other kind of drugs.
And I think that that's a great message and that we need a leader who cares about health, that that health, that physical health, that mental health is so much more important than anything else.
And we at the Super PAC have
are starting to formulate a Kennedy fitness challenge, where we're going to try to encourage people to get out of their houses and take long walks and breathe fresh air and eat healthy foods.
Bobby Kennedy eats twice a day, once at 1 o'clock, once at 7 p.m.
He gives his body a real chance to sort of calm down, to digest food.
And it's really a good way of eating.
It's a good way of living.
And if more people do that and if people recognize that that's what Bobby Kennedy stands for, I think they're going to want him to be their president.

[SPEAKER_07]
That's a great point, Tony.
We don't get enough or at all from any politicians about health and wellness and taking care of your mind, your body, your soul, your spirit.
Instead, it's have another shot.
It makes no sense to me whatsoever.
I'm so glad that the Super PAC is going to focus on that because I think that'll be a very attractive issue to go after.

[SPEAKER_04]
And people are ready for that.
People are so ready for that, you know, having been locked in their homes, not told to go out and get vitamin D and not to, you know, believe in natural immunity, you know, or bodily autonomy, you know, all the things that we were told that were anything but healthy.
I think people have, a lot of people, and I'm seeing a tremendous uptick on social media of so many people that are being verbal about it, that they've really, it reminds you of that scene in network.
when he says I'm mad as hell and I'm not going to take it anymore.
I think if we have the resounding sentiment like that, and we really say that out loud and realize that it's the very thing you mentioned, Tony, we didn't hear anything about health.
The entire time that we were told not to socialize, to separate, which polarized us, to be locked in our homes, to not even go out and breathe fresh air.
And like you said, the liquor stores remained open.
It was anything but healthy.
There was nothing healthy about it, not one thing.
that was encouraged for any of us to do.
And I think people, hopefully this second, whatever comes down, if it's a second round of insanity, I think people are gonna be ready and say enough.

[SPEAKER_09]
100%.
Yeah, that's my view too, that I think this time around, people are gonna say, I don't trust my government to tell me the right things to do, and that I have to make decisions
based on what I believe to be true.
And there's no way of viewing the world that staying in your home for months and months, eating junk food, drinking more, is going to be a way to stay safe.
And so I think it's really clear to millions and millions of people now that they have to protect their own health and that they
They're not going to be saved by a drug or by a vaccine.
What they're going to be saved by is their willingness to actually do some work to make themselves more healthy.

[SPEAKER_04]
Absolutely.

[SPEAKER_07]
I've got some questions from the audience if you're willing to take a few here.
First one, what is Kennedy's view on the Second Amendment and gun control?

[SPEAKER_09]
Okay, I can answer that one for you quickly.
Bobby has said time after time that, you know, having a gun is a constitutional right, that he believes in the Constitution that he's not going to take anybody's guns from them.

[SPEAKER_07]
That's what I heard him say a couple more than a couple times.
So great.
Next one.
How will Kennedy push back against the CBDC agenda already underway by Biden and the World Bank?

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, so I would think there that these are just more ways that the
government, that big corporations are trying to do things other than basic health and basic wellness to feed two people as a shortcut.
And I think that he would recognize that there are no shortcuts.
Then for the Kennedy Fitness Challenge, we're actually asking people just to do something simple every day, to take a walk for 20 minutes, to do some sit-ups, to do some push-ups, to meditate, to do anything to really focus on themselves.
So I think Kennedy would say, but I haven't actually heard him discuss this,
that it just can't be about putting anything in your body to solve the problem.
Eating healthy foods, that's one thing.
Taking walks, working out, those things are what we should really focus on.
And we don't need our government to tell us which drugs to take or to focus us on, whether it's pharmaceutical drugs or any other kind of drugs.

[SPEAKER_07]
Let me follow up on that question a little bit.
The CBDC, I think they're referring to the central bank digital currency.
I think they're worried about their dollars and money going to a digital currency that's controlled by the World Bank.
Any take on that?

[SPEAKER_09]
Sorry, I totally misheard that question.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, yeah.

[SPEAKER_09]
So that's a totally different question.
And, you know, Bobby really believes in personal freedom.
He went and spoke at a crypto currency conference and, you know, he is not for some kind of world currency that's controlled by the government.
He would want no part of that.
That's not his agenda.
His agenda is to give people more freedom, not less freedom.

[SPEAKER_07]
Great to hear.
I'm going to ask a question for Aura from Lorpat33.
What is the key to resisting the pressure to comply at work with family when it seems like everyone is nuts?
It's lonely to see the truth if you're the only one.

[SPEAKER_04]
It is it does feel lonely.
And what's interesting is that for those that feel alone, they're really not.
There are so many of us that feel this way.
I know it's extremely challenging because we've been at the disadvantage of that we've had to defend ourselves.
We are the ones that were vilified.
We are the ones that were told we were going to kill grandma, you know, and it's very hard to even
speak to loved ones to have them understand that really what our position is, is that we just want the people that we love to be safe.
And for the people that have been vaccine injured and many people have even died from this vaccine, the way in which I think is best to deal with loved ones today is not to get into arguments.
I say, try not to convince them of anything.
Try not to bring them over to your side.
You know, I'm a big believer in, you know, asking them questions, try to stay in a neutral zone, try to come from a place of compassion, and also know that we cannot change other people's opinions or beliefs.
They're gonna keep their own beliefs and opinions, and even if we know how we are seeing the insanity up close and personal, and they're not, I say it's like we're living in a parallel universe, try as best you can not to engage in an argument
and try not to get estranged from your loved ones if you can.
Speak from a place of love, come from a place of love again and again and again.
It's very challenging, but we have to come from a place of compassion and a place from love in order to even stand the chance of them not cutting us out of their lives completely.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, that's a great point.
I try to hold what I call the space in between the action and my reaction.
and stay there till I had a moment actually yesterday where I walked out the front door just to get some fresh air and a local political candidate just happened to be walking by and walked right up and handed me her information.
She's running for local seat and she's a Democrat.
So I listened for a little bit, asked some questions, and then I, of course, I said, so where do you stand with Robert F. Kennedy Jr., Democratic candidate, presidential candidate?
And with the same straight face, she said, he's my number one.
I back him 100%.
And, and I was like, wow.
And as I was about to high five her.
She and my girlfriend was right next to me.
We were both like, wow, this is great.
And then it turned out she was being sarcastic.
Like, no, he's this crazy anti-vaxxer.
No, you guys.
And it jolted me because the sarcasm didn't come across like she wasn't overly joking.
It was very straight.
And I had that reaction and I started to try to slowly
Give her some information.

[SPEAKER_04]
You know, Livio, I had an encounter with a very dear friend of ours who, when I did our first fundraiser for Bobby and CHD, he wrote me a letter of judgment.
And this is a very dear friend of my husband's.
He's in the film industry.
I felt like he was reprimanding me for getting involved with Bobby Kenny Jr.
He viewed as an anti-vaxxer.
And I, you know,
took a breath before I responded to his email.
I really sat with him and I wrote what I thought was a very thoughtful, mindful letter back.
But I did say to him, I said, you know,
Where do you get, I asked, where do you get your information?
Because it sounds to me that what you're saying to me is you're reading it off of a CNN teleprompter.
I mean, I knew it was just very noticeable to me.
And I said, you know, I talked to him about being open-minded.
I talked to him about not just getting your news from one source and one source only.
Well, I have to say, I was very surprised he wrote me back and he said, you're right.
I do get my news from CNN.
That's my go-to source of news, do you know?
And you're right, I should be more open-minded.
And he thanked me for it.
So when people say, you know, oh, Bobby's an anti-vaxxer, ask them, well, where did you get that?
Is that something you heard?
Did you hear it on the news?
Where did you get that?
Is that just something that you're taking on as
truth because you've heard other people say that where do you form that opinion from how do you know that's even true.
Do you know i think you have to ask people where did they get that it's such a rote response about bobby that he's an anti-vaxxer and i love the story i think i shared on on your show tony that when bobby cleaned up the hudson river.
and he cleaned up the salmon that were full of toxins and mercury.
He was doing something good that I think all the people that can go back into the Hudson River and swim and fish.
He said, nobody called me anti-salmon.
But they call him anti-vaxxer because he's trying to help people.
You know, for anybody, I say to friends of mine, if your daughter was Gardasil injured from the vaccine, you'd want someone like Bobby fighting for you.
And that's the thing.
And I think, Tony, you said it before.
He's such a good person.
He's so honorable.
I mean, I feel like these Democrats are missing out if they only knew who he really is.
and just didn't fall into this propaganda that keeps being propagated against him and were able to form their own opinions and say, this is a really good guy who cares about us and cares about our country and our freedom and our democracy.

[SPEAKER_09]
That's such an important point because what you see with Bobby Kennedy is somebody who's so incredibly brave.
and that he doesn't care about the consequences to himself.
And he's really dangerous in that sense to this oligarchy, to this corruption, because he's not afraid.
And you look at somebody like Chuck Schumer, and he was on a TV show maybe two years ago where he was making fun of Donald Trump because Trump had gone up
against the CIA and pointed out some of the things they had done wrong.
And Chuck Schumer was kind of laughing, but he said seriously that the intelligence agencies have six ways from Sunday to get back at you.
So, you know, he is one of the most powerful US government officials, and he's telling you that he's afraid of a government agency, that he doesn't feel the personal power
to stand up to a government agency because he's afraid of the consequences.
And so if we have leaders like that, we will just be owned by these big corporations.
And we need a president who's going to take this country back and who's going to fight for the American people and not worry about what might happen to him and not worry about any consequences to himself.
and just go out there and fight for what he knows is right.
And that's what Bobby Kennedy will definitely do.
That's what I've seen over the 12 years that I've known him, that he will not back down, that he doesn't care what the threats are.
He's more afraid of living in a country where you don't have freedom, where we get involved in these senseless wars all around the world, killing people for no reason.
you know, where all of this money is diverted from hardworking people so that, like I said before, 57% of the population basically doesn't have any money at all.
But we're giving, you know, $200 billion
or maybe something slightly less, but something like $200 billion to Ukraine.
But then even that is a lot.
So even that, which you can read about and you can hear about on every TV show, but then one senator came out and said that he wanted to kind of clarify that.
that this isn't $200 billion that's going to Ukraine.
This isn't helping the people of Ukraine.
This is going to military industrial contractors who are then shipping weapons there so that they can kill each other.
So this isn't benefiting anybody other than a handful of multi-billion dollar corporations.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yes.
And another thing that I want to say about Bobby's character is that
When, when he says, when people ask him, aren't you afraid of being killed or dying?
And when he says there's a lot more things to fear than dying.
And I really believe that he feels a country without freedom, a country without democracy, a country that we can't hand over to our children and our children's children.
He fears that more than his own safety and wellbeing.
Wow.
What does that say about this man?

[SPEAKER_09]
Definitely.
I mean, if the land is dead, if your soul is dead, then what's the life that you're really fighting for?
So to live a life where you believe in the things that you're doing and you're making the best personal choices you can make and you have real freedom, that's what it means to be alive.
You're not alive just because you're not laying in a coffin.
You're alive because you live a vital life.
You exercise your freedom.
You protect your own health.
You fight for the things you believe in.
That's what makes you really alive.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yes.
And I think everybody should read the letter that Bobby wrote the DNC because for me it's almost I mean I don't say this in a
Oh, you know, romantic notion way, but it's, it's like Gandhi ask.
And it reminds me of Martin Luther King.
It reminds me of those that, that spoke from their hearts and those that spoke to the best of our humanity asking, like pleading with them to listen.
And he's really appealing to the moral and ethical fiber of people in that party.
And really, it's a call to action for them to act from that good place within themselves.
I found it to be very profound.
Tony, did you read it?
It's really profound.
Yeah, it's such an important thing.

[SPEAKER_09]
And it made me remember some of Martin Luther King's speeches.
And there was one where he talked about
the idea that he wasn't really concerned with whether he would die, that we were in this epic struggle, and that he said that what he was concerned with was that we would, metaphorically, as a people, get to the promised land.
And he said, I may not get there with you, but I'm part of this struggle, I'm part of this battle, and that's what matters
You know, that's what mattered to Martin Luther King.
And he said that slightly before, you know, shortly before he was killed and he was making the point and he must have had some kind of premonition that he was going to be killed, that the important thing was to fight for things that you believe in.
And that might get you killed.
But, you know, somebody like that, I mean, Martin Luther King in some profound way, you know, couldn't be killed.
The ideas.
the heart that he had, the passion that he had lives forever.
If you're not doing that, if you're not really struggling and fighting for the things that matter to you, then you're just not alive.

[SPEAKER_04]
Exactly.
And I can't imagine members of the committee who would read Bobby's letter, if there's anyone amongst them that has any kind of moral fiber of their being would not
take that to heart and say, how can we keep doing this to this man?
How can they keep doing what they're doing?
It's so wrong.
It is so wrong what they are doing to him.
It's horrible.

[SPEAKER_07]
I'm not sure they have any moral fibers left in them.

[SPEAKER_04]
If you look at it as a collective, you would hope that individually within the collective of the committee, there are those that are going along with the program like what you said, because they're too afraid
to speak up.
They're too afraid to take a stand.
And that's very sad.

[SPEAKER_07]
I'm hoping the public gets to read that letter because that just reading it and hearing it in your own voice might penetrate the programming that a lot of the public is under.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_07]
I'm going to read another question for Tony that sort of relates from Karen HFL.
What is RFK stance on the right to homeschool our children?

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, I mean, I don't really know what what Bobby's views are there.
I mean, my feeling is that, you know, you look at Bobby.
wanting to be a Democrat.
That's his top priority.
That's his first choice.
And he would love to run as a Democrat.
He's so much more of a Democrat than any of the people in power in the Democratic Party, than anybody who's part of the DNC.
So I think what Bobby would say when it comes to homeschooling is that he would far prefer that we have good schools in this country where people could go and socialize and play sports.
and really learn and learn how to be free people in a democracy.
But I think he would recognize, too, that there's so much indoctrination now, that there's so many problems in our schools, that many people may make the rational decision that they don't want to put their children through that.
We want there to be change.
We want to have schools that don't indoctrinate people, that are really helping to build children who are going to be open and who are going to be able to exercise their own freedom.
But until we get there, I think it could be very important for many families in many different places to homeschool their own children.

[SPEAKER_07]
Here's a follow-up to that.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, so, you know, I haven't really heard Bobby discuss this much, but I have no question that, you know, Bobby really believes in family, and he believes that it should be sort of the
child, the parent, the doctor, and there's no way that we should allow schools to go directly to young children who can't vote, who don't even know their own medical history in most cases, who have no idea whether they have allergies to specific things because their parents are keeping track of that.
So I'm sure that he would be for parental rights and he would fight really, really hard to make sure that neither
schools or the government could go directly to children and try to indoctrinate them, try to force them to do certain things, try to make them feel like they had to, try to get them to turn on their own parents.
I mean, there's no way that he would be for any of those things.

[SPEAKER_04]
And also, if I could add to that, you know, you talked about Gavin Newsom earlier, when I think of some of the bills that they're trying to pass here in California that will take the parents' rights away.
Newsome is very in favor of that, which should be a very deep concern for people right now.

[SPEAKER_07]
That's a red flag right there.

[SPEAKER_04]
It's a major red flag.
I mean, these bills are just downright evil.
And Gavin Newsome is all in favor of them.
It's a very scary time.
So even to think of Gavin Newsome as a possibility should make people very nervous.

[SPEAKER_07]
No doubt.
This question again for Tony from Michael J.
Does Bobby support punitive measures taken against the FDA, CDC, pharma for their crimes committed against humanity, such as the death shots and COVID vaccine injuries?

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, so once again, I haven't really heard him discuss that.
I mean, I think that he's much more focused on solving the problems.
But I think that there are many people out there who did really bad things, and to the extent that they committed crimes.
Bobby is a lawyer.
He believes in the rule of law.
And if Dr. Fauci is proven to have committed the crimes that many of us believe he committed, certainly he should go to jail for it.
Certainly he should pay the consequences.
And people should not be
protected by their big corporate landlords or the government or by anybody.
If they committed crimes, they should pay for those crimes.

[SPEAKER_07]
Excellent.
Question for Aura.
How much do you meditate and how long did it take to become an experienced mediator reaping the benefits?

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, I've been meditating for over 30 years.
I started as a transcendental meditator, and then I became a mindfulness practitioner and a mindfulness meditator.
The difference between the two for those that are not versed in meditation, transcendental meditation is based on a Sanskrit mantra.
And it's just a word that you can repeat.
So it keeps the focus and awareness on something other than the busy mind.
And mindfulness is basically wanting to focus on whatever you resonate with.
I think that people should just jump in.
It doesn't matter how long you've been meditating.
If you're a verse meditator, if you've never meditated, I think it's really important to put some time aside each day to at least sit quietly with oneself and to shut out the very things that we're talking about today.
And I don't mean bearing your head in the sound.
I mean just knowing when to turn it off, to turn your devices off so that we can do some self care because we really need it now more than ever.
You know, one in four people is on antidepressants right now.
You know, the suicide rates are at an all time high.
It's a very concerning time for the stress levels of most people.
So I really encourage people to do something.
You talked earlier, Tony, about walking.
There's even something called mindfulness walking.
That means go on a walk.
Do not take your gadget with you unless you want to listen to some music.
Do not be walking and checking your phone and checking your messages and your texts.
Be on a walk, listen to the sounds of nature.
We have moved so far away from what is most natural and most pure.
I highly recommend for everybody, if they can, just take time in your day to be present, to do something that's about self-nurturing and self-preservation, and meditation is the perfect tool for that.

[SPEAKER_07]
Excellent.
Well, I think I'm going to end it there.
Ora, where can people find you on the internet?

[SPEAKER_04]
They can go to oranadrich.com.
That's my social media handle on practically everything that I'm on on the platforms, oranadrich.com.

[SPEAKER_07]
Excellent.
Yeah, definitely.
I started going through your website today and it's beautiful and I'm going to spend some more time there.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thank you so much, Livio, for having me on your show today.

[SPEAKER_07]
Thank you for coming on.
And Tony, tell us where we can find you.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_09]
So I think there are a bunch of different places, but the main places would be AmericanValues2024.org.
which I think is a great place to keep up on, you know, what's going on with Bobby Kennedy.
Then there's also the Kennedy Beacon, which is on Substack, and that just has some great writers who we've hired to explore all of the issues that are
sort of form the basis of our values of what Bobby stands for, what this country needs.
And so it's a really great sub stack that is just bringing out article after article that are really important and that you can't find anywhere else.

[SPEAKER_07]
Who are some of the writers?
It's a great website and they're putting out some incredible information and stories every day.
Who are some of the people that are contributing there?

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, so my favorite writer is David Talbot.
I've followed him for many years, and I think he really does a great job.
He's a lifelong Democrat.
But we've also got a lot of anti-war writers.
We have writers who follow every aspect of Bobby's agenda.
So anti-war, pro-freedom, anti-censorship, anti-corporate kleptocracy.
all of the things that he's really focused on, you know, the idea of rebuilding the middle class.
Uh, so, so many different areas and they're all covered and we're coming out with two or three different pieces every single day.

[SPEAKER_07]
Fantastic.
Well, everyone should go to that website to stay updated on all things Bobby Kennedy Jr.
Thank you both.
It's been an enlightening and fabulous conversation for me personally.
And I really appreciate you both coming on and spending this time this evening with VSRF and our audience.
Thank you.
Thanks so much.
I'm going to wrap things up with a couple of announcements.
Twitter Spaces, our VSRF volunteers are live on Twitter Spaces right now, simulcasting the show on our vac safety handle.
Please join us immediately following the show to continue the discussion.
We'll put the link in the chat.
Our VSRF swag shop is open and we are ready for fall.
We have the fear is back long sleeve shirts.
I will never comply tote bags, wine glasses, nuggly PJ pants, cozy sweatshirts and more.
If you missed the DC defeat the mandates classic logo, we have merchandise from both of our DTM marches.
And of course, we have Steve's favorite misinformation super spreader t-shirt to order now and we'll put the link in the chat.
And then next week,
Thursday, September 21st, we have a very special show.
Our very own nurse Angela will join filmmaker Cindy Drukier and Jan Jekielic, producers of the recent documentary film exposing COVID vaccine injuries, The Unseen Crisis.
Go to Epic Times and watch the film.
If you haven't seen it yet, we'll have all the filmmakers and Angela next week.
And she's featured and it also includes Steve Kirsch, our founder, among others.
So actually tonight we're going to sign off with a clip from Nurse Angela's about to be released interview on Epic TV with Janja Kalik of American Thought Leaders.
The interview is in 15 minutes at 9 p.m.
So hop over there directly after the show and watch the interview.
Have a great evening.
And also don't forget to donate
Donate, donate to the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation.
We really appreciate and need your support through these changing times.
Have a great evening.

[SPEAKER_03]
Within 12 minutes of getting my vaccine, I was on the ground.
My vitals were extremely unstable.
My blood pressure was so high, I could have stroked out.
My heart rate was really high.
I eventually was taken away by ambulance to the hospital.
And that was the first of, I think, five 911 calls, five hospitalizations.

[SPEAKER_08]
At the age of eight, Angela Wolbrecht already knew she would become a nurse.
A serious car crash had brought her to the emergency room.
she was treated by especially kind and compassionate medical staff, profoundly inspiring her.
She has worked for the hospital system for over two decades.
After suffering a severe injury from a COVID-19 shot, she got good care, but became appalled to see that others weren't getting the same.
Today, she works for the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation, where she advocates for her vaccine-injured patients and friends.

[SPEAKER_03]
My whole perception of these people caring for us and putting us first and putting our health and safety first was not that.
There was greed and money and power that came before what actually was happening to us.

[SPEAKER_08]
This is American Thought Leaders, and I'm Jan Jekielek.
