[SPEAKER_02]
you

[SPEAKER_06]
Hi, this is Phoebe Lu.
I'm a host for the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation's live college edition, and welcome to our bi-weekly Monday show.
Today, we'll be talking with Mila Radetic, a Stanford and Yale continued medical education student who is severely injured by the COVID-19 vaccine, as well as three special guests, Dr. Michael Huang, who is a family practice doctor, Kate Corrigan, the founder of Students Against Mandates, and Lucas Johnson, the founder of Connecticut Students for Liberty.
Tice is not feeling well tonight, but he will be in the chat.
So, before we dive into tonight's topic of the student sacrifice, VSRF is a 501c3 organization with a mission to end COVID-19 mandates and advance COVID-19 vaccine safety through public education and advocacy of scientific research, as well as to provide support to the vaccine injured.
We encourage open and transparent conversations, scientific and medical inquiry and questions.
We're calling for the truth and transparency in our colleges so that our fellow students, as well as future generations, can receive informed consent and freedom to have education without coercion or mandates.
So thank you for joining us live on RUMBO.
If you would like to ask any questions, please drop them in the comments.
With that, I'd like to introduce Dr. Huang to you.
Dr. Huang attended UCLA for his undergraduate studies and obtained a degree in biochemistry.
He pursued medical education at St. George University School of Medicine.
He completed his internship at Indiana University and family practice residency at UC Davis.
At UCLA, he was an active in biomedical research, and during medical school, he participated in heart research at Stanford University Cardiovascular Research Institute.
We do have a limited amount of time with him tonight, so we'd like him to come on first.
Hi, Dr. Huang.

[SPEAKER_01]
Hi, everybody.
Appreciate you inviting me onto your show.
It's my privilege.

[SPEAKER_04]
We're happy to have you.
I thought we'd start off by asking you the question, are you seeing, are you currently seeing any college students with vaccine, with injuries that you believe are tied to the vaccine or boosters?

[SPEAKER_01]
Many.
I have seen many college students and you and I talk about this a little bit.
That's including you.
And some of them were, their injury were mild and others were severe like yours to the point that they're not able to drive.
For women or lady college students and many of them will have menstrual irregularities.
Young men, both men and women have seen college students with heart inflammation and heart injuries.
So these type of side effects is real and can be devastating for them to the point that they're not able to continue with their education and also affect their daily life.
So it's something I see on a regular basis.

[SPEAKER_04]
What led you to the conclusion that the vaccine or the boosters possibly caused these injuries?

[SPEAKER_01]
It's the direct approximation, the time frame.
As a physician, we're basically like a detective, or like an engineer, like a mechanic.
If we want to stop a crime, we need to basically correlate the circumstance and when did what happen.
We look at the footprint.
We look at where the oil is leaking.
So basically, taking it very good in detail,
Fiscal exam questions to figure out what transpired before they hit the symptom.
And like I said, these people that with vaccine injury, they'll typically say, hey, I was forced to get vaccinated.
I didn't want to do it, but I had to continue my education, continue my work and job.
And now for vaccination, either immediate or the next day or very soon after that, they have X, Y, and Z symptoms.
That's how I able to tie that together.
And also, I will review and see if they have any other health issues.
Do they have seizure disorder?
Do they have heart issues, heart attack?
And again, for young people.
It's very unusual for young people to be sick.
So when something dramatic happened like this, where they have basically, all of a sudden they don't have their menstrual period, all of a sudden they start having seizures, all of a sudden they can't run.
I had a young man that ran track and field and all of a sudden he can't run anymore.
So that does highly correlate to the proximity of the COVID-19 gene therapy.

[SPEAKER_06]
Wow.
Dr. Huang, I have a question for you.
I've heard that a lot of students, you know, they begin experiencing issues with their health, but they don't connect it to the vaccine.
So what are the, you know, telltale sounds of vaccine entry and when should you go see a doctor?

[SPEAKER_01]
Sure.
I thought about this quite a bit.
I thought about why has transpired in the past two years.
I think something that we need to keep in mind is average life expectancy in the developed country in the world.

[SPEAKER_00]
It's probably about 70 to 80 years.

[SPEAKER_01]
We can throw a lot of injuries and insulin and toxin at us.
Most of the time our body can take care of it.
you know, when we are forced to receive some type of medical therapy or gene therapy or vaccine or medicine shoving down our throat.
Most internal body can take care of it and especially with all the information that's out there now that the vaccine is safe and effective.
So if something happens to you, that's not what you automatically think.
Well, oh, I think it's the vaccine, right?
Or they have social pressure and they feel like, hey,
It couldn't happen to me, right?
All my friends are fine and the risk ratio of this sub-agency therapy is depending on which one you get, Pfizer is about one in 3,000, Moderna is about one in 1,000.
So you don't want to be that unlucky one.
So there's a lot of pressure coming to the, you know, that student faces and they don't want to feel like, hey, I got injured.
And plus, if I do get injured,
the majority of time your body can take care of it to a certain extent.
I think with Mia's case was obvious to the point that, you know, she's having these type of severe tremors and tic and seizure to the point that she's not able to walk.
Of course, that's obvious.
But sometimes the symptoms can be so mild, they just kind of lay in bed for a week and say, oh my gosh, I can't even move.
It was so horrible.
And after that, they get a little bit better and they just carry on with their life.
So there's a lot of pressure, there's a lot of reason why students don't tend to come forward and say, okay, I think something's wrong with me.

[SPEAKER_04]
Wow, that's a really good point to bring up, especially about the social pressure because as being in college, there's still that like,
You want to fit in with people.
You don't want to be the odd one out.
It's still very relevant in society.
So as a medical professional, do you have any idea what within the vaccine you would guess is or assume is causing injuries?

[SPEAKER_01]
Sure.
Well, this is the first time in modern medicine that we are going to inject you with a gene therapy.
You start producing an enzyme or chemical that your body is deficient of.
That's natural.
We give you something that's going to produce a toxin.
And now they are also talking about using this mRNA technology to make all the other childhood vaccinations, right?
They just put the genetic codes in there and say, oh, look, it's easy.
We don't even need to produce the protein.
What happened is when your body
interact with these type of spike protein, this toxin, so you recognize this form.
So imagine that you have the gene expression work in your brain, in your nerve.
You can have numbness, tingling, insomnia, forgetfulness, seizure, right?
If it happens in your uterus and ovary, which is very common for women, you're going to have irregular menses, you're going to have pregnancy loss, you're going to have infertility, and the heart is the big one.
So the talk nowadays is all about young men having type of heart inflammation, but I do need to remind your listener
that I mentioned this to Mia, I don't really remember.
There's one day that we had 10 nurses in my office, and they all suffered from some sort of vaccine injury, and nine out of 10 had clinical signs of myocarditis.
Nine out of 10.
Every one of them had some sort of menstrual irregularity as a result of these other gene therapy, but nine out of 10 had heart inflammation.
So when you have a genetic technology that's going to have your body produce a toxin, naturally your immune system is going to get rid of that toxic components.
Whatever that gene therapy express, being your vascular system, being your reproductive system, in your cardiovascular system, that's the organ that's going to be injured.

[SPEAKER_06]
wow those are really good nobody really talks about that it's always like it's just not talked about what do you think phoebe yeah i've you know i've never heard well i can't say i've never heard but i haven't heard of myocarditis or heart injury in females usually what we hear about is females you know
their issues with the vaccine are towards the reproductive system.
And then males have heart issues.
I did not know that there was such a huge crossover, nine out of 10 nurses.
Wow.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_01]
The toxin doesn't care.
The genomic material that you get injected doesn't care what your gender is, what your race is, what your religion is, what your age is.
If it's a toxin, it's a toxin, right?
There are a lot of people out there say, hey, you know what?
If we age stratify and elderly are much higher risk of getting COVID and getting sick, so let's just go and give it to the elderly.
But I say, no, that's a horrible idea.
They are actually very vulnerable to get injured from this about gene therapy.
And I have treated close to 5,000 COVID patients and hundreds of them in person.
And I have not lost one patient, right?
If a therapy is so readily available and so extremely effective and simple, why does no one ever talk about treatment?
Why are we forcing these several things?
It's only one side of the formula.
Only one thing.
It's the gene therapies, the vaccine, vaccine, vaccine.

[SPEAKER_04]
Right.
Yeah.
That's very true.
Do you have anything you would like to bring up or you would consider important for college students to consider or no?

[SPEAKER_01]
Sure.
I am old.
Okay.
I envy you young people that you have a chance to do something to make choices and decision that is going to impact you for the rest of your life.
And you at a time where
It is so exciting and envious of where you're at.
I still remember when I was an undergrad at UCLA.
I would say that's one of my happiest times in my life.
I get to learn, I get to talk, I get to express my opinions and ideas.
And unfortunately, with a cancel culture nowadays, you're not able to do that.
Students are fearful that if you say something wrong, that if you don't comply with what they're forcing on you, then you're going to lose your education.
Like Mila, I think that's a reason why you chose to get the gene therapy and then subsequently got injured.
So it bothers me tremendously because my job is to help protect your health.
And seeing colleges where
They are forcing these type of injection on you, right?
So today is about your health.
Tomorrow could be about food, right?
The college decided, well, everyone gotta have a backup Cheeto.
If you don't eat this backup Cheeto, you're not gonna be educated because we think that Cheeto is great for you, right?
The next day it could be, oh, every one of you had to drive a hybrid vehicle.
If you don't drive a hybrid vehicle, you're evil, you're destroying the environment.
But when the college take on so much responsibility, instead of being a place where you can kind of exchange idea and learn things and fine tune your skill and your profession, that became such a place that they are basically trying to tell you how to live your life, right?
And I don't understand that.
And Milan and I went to the same community college.
I went to community college at Diablo Valley College, DVC.
That's where she got forced to get injected.
And DVC, this community college, it's a school that I love.
But now I cannot look at the school without feeling angry.
So for college students, I feel like the word I want to pass on to your listener is,
This is a very trying time.
You need to be brave.
You not only have to be just a college student to get educated.
You really need to stand up and defend your right to protect your property, which is your health.
You have to defend your right to be able to speak freely.
It doesn't matter.
Even if it's you speaking something that makes people upset because of their religious point of view or their social point of view.
College is not a place to cancel each other.
It's not just college alone, it's life.
Life is about counseling each other.
It's about loving each other.
It's about looking after each other's well-being.
So I think what colleges are doing to your students are really absolutely shameful.
When the pandemic first began, I want to burn my degree.
I want to burn my UCLA degree.
I want to burn my UC Davis degrees.
I can't believe they are locking down.
And you are the healthiest people that has the least risk of getting injured from COVID.
But they are locking you down.
So I'm very, very frustrated because of that.

[SPEAKER_06]
Absolutely, I completely hear you and to share a little bit of my story, I was one of the students who did lose her education, lost her scholarships because I stood up.
Fortunately, you know, now the tide has turned where it's actually a great thing for me because I have no fear of speaking up because what more can I lose, right?
It's my school.
I lost my scholarships.
What more can I lose?
But what has been really frustrating me right now is that there are a lot of, you know, vaccine-injured people, but they have difficulty finding doctors and finding treatments.
So I want to ask you, Dr. Huang, is there anything that, you know, they can do on their own at home?

[SPEAKER_01]
Sure.
All right.
My heart goes out to all of you there.
injured by these gene therapy.
There are not much tools that we can use at this point because we really don't know much.
But the main thing is we want to slow down the injury from the spike protein, which is highly inflammatory.
So you need to use medicine to reduce that inflammation.
Ivermectin, pranazone, even sometimes antibiotic is very effective.
And because the MRA do travel across and into your brain tissue,
So fluoxamine and Miele can relate to that.
It's a type of antidepressant.
It crosses blood brain barrier.
And Steve Kirsch, he's actually my patient.
I could say that's because he has been telling people in public that I'm his physician.
So he is in, you know, he's responsible for doing that research and finding out that fluoxamine is very useful.
So I think Ivermite and fluoxamine, whatever you can do to reduce that spike protein toxin related injury, do it.
use kitchen sink if you have to.
That's what we say in medicine, right, that you need to find whatever you can use to help reverse and prevent further injury.
Another thing is cancer.
This gene therapy use up a lot of immune component and all immune systems responsible for keeping these type of cancer cells in your body.
Every one of us, even little kids have cancer cells in our body from
overreacting and grow uncontrollably.
So when you get ease of a gene therapy, it takes away that surveillance and that increased risk of cancer.
So you want to basically protect your immune system, reduce the inflammation.
So ivermectin and fluoxamine are the key, but there are many other medications.
So there are many things that today I just treated a gentleman that lost 75% of his heart function after four shots of the COVID vaccine.
in his heart capacity or heart ejection fraction dropped from 65% all the way down to 17%.
So I was able to use the ivermectin and fluoxamine and bring it up to 25%.
It made a huge difference in his life.
So there are things that we can do to help, but again, I wish that I have a magic medicine that could make Mila completely whole, make my patient completely whole, but it's one step at a time.
Again, our body is tremendous in being able to repair itself, so time is what's needed, and support from the physician is what's needed too.

[SPEAKER_06]
Wow, wow, that is absolutely incredible.
Dr. Huang, you know, we're so grateful that we have these doctors like you who are willing to go against the grain and to treat the patients who, you know, many other doctors are putting on the sidelines.
I have, you know, one last question for you.
Could you give us like a high level overview of what treatment looks like for vaccine injury?
Like what's the process and how long do people, you know, can you give a timeline on what people can expect?

[SPEAKER_01]
My very mild cases is very short-term.
We will use whatever is needed to treat managerial symptoms.
Heart inflammation will take years to get better.
I have patients that had, you know, over-exercise and injure their heart and they develop myocarditis.
and basically just rest, right?
No marathon, no extreme swimming and running for something a year to two years.
So same thing with vaccine injuries, but we gotta stop these type of gene therapy from continue to produce by protein.
And that timeframe, we don't know.
They made these type of mRNAs so hard to basically degrade,
that they last for months and months and months.
So we don't know what the answer is, how long Milad and my other patient need to take ivermectin and fluoxamine.
It could be months and it could be years.
So we had to basically review the patient's symptom and look at which part of their body are injured and target that system and manage it that way.

[SPEAKER_06]
Wow, that's great.
Mila, do you have any other questions?
Or Dr. Huang, do you have anything else before we introduce Kate tonight?

[SPEAKER_04]
I have one more question that's slightly off topic but so there's censorship, there's a lot of censorship going around and I was wondering if you would talk about very briefly the hardships of being a member of the medical community and some of the things you deal with with trying to treat patients but it inhibiting you from doing so.

[SPEAKER_01]
Sure.
So I think Phoebe can relate to this before the podcast started.
We're talking that both of us are from Taiwan.
And my family are from China.
So we dealt with my grandparents fought the communist Chinese and also the Japanese during World War II.
So famously, CCP was the Cultural Revolution.
The first thing they want to do is they want to use fear to control the populace.
And secondly is they want to make things ridiculous that you have to obey.
And that all sounds very familiar in the past two years, right?
So when you do give in to fear, when you do give in to this type of authoritarian command, you start to lose your freedom.
So in California, many people know that they passed this bill saying that they're going to go after a doctor that spreads false information about COVID.
And now they also passed a bill that physician had to shoulder legal fees on both ends.
So if we're accused of wrongdoing, not only do we have to get attorneys to defend me from saying that I didn't do anything wrong,
I also had to pay the medical board's ends of legal fee to prosecute me.
So imagine you had to pay your executioner to execute you.
So that basically makes it impossible for any doctor to dare to speak up and say, hey, I don't think this is right for you, even though the state mandated X, Y, and Z.
But if I go against the state mandate, I'm going to lose my license.
But going back to culture revolution, going back to socialism, if you don't speak up, that's it.
There goes your freedom.
Get ready to pack up your house and move to another country, another state, another county that they're not gonna go after you.
And if you keep doing that, you're gonna be a refugee for the rest of your life, right?
So Phoebe and myself, I don't know about Phoebe's relative, we were basically refugees.
We ran from China to Taiwan, and I moved from Taiwan to Canada, Canada to California.
I'm tired of running, right?
As a physician, my first job is not my 401k.
My first job is Mila's health.
It's Phoebe's health.
It's Kate's health.
So when we're faced with these type of pressure and threat to the point that I had to pay my executioner to execute me, I need to remember what my job is.
My job is the person that's in front of me.
My job is their health.
So I think courage is very important.
When you have a socialist in this, California leads the way in many things in our nation, and right now leading the way in becoming a socialist state.
We need to stop being afraid that we need to stand up and fight.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thank you so much for coming on here, Dr. Wang.
Those are very well said.

[SPEAKER_06]
Wow, yeah, definitely.
Courage is, you know, so needed right now.
And I do share those same roots of being refugees from China escaping the CCP and into Taiwan and later on my family moved to the States to hopefully find freedom.
But now we've realized that it's

[SPEAKER_04]
Not quite what it seems like.

[SPEAKER_06]
It's definitely not the America that they put on TV in Taiwan.
But now I'd like to introduce you all to another brave, brave woman who had a lot of courage to fight the mandates.
So this is Kate Corrigan.
I know you've been waiting online for a little bit.
But Kate changed her college policy for requiring proof of COVID-19 vaccination to attend the college for her master's degree at Eroham School of Religion.
She started students against mandates to ensure that no college student, no young person experiences the same tyranny, discrimination, and segregation of the board.
Okay, we're so glad to have you here.
Could you please tell us about your story, your experience, and what you've done?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yes, thank you so much, Phoebe and Mila for having me on the show tonight.
I have a longstanding religious exemption to vaccines.
It was accepted throughout my childhood and then to Earlham College for four years of my bachelor's degree and then for my one year of my master's program.
And in April of 2021, Earlham College and Earlham School of Religion mandated the COVID-19 vaccine.
to attend graduation.
It was actually one of the first schools in the country to mandate the vaccine because it was so early on.
A lot of times the mandates weren't coming until that fall of 2021.
And I was in contact with the administration and told them I have a long-standing religious exemption.
I'm just reminding you.
And they said, oh, no, we're not accepting it this round.
And I was very concerned as far as attending graduation.
I knew very early on, I obviously was not going to get the COVID-19 vaccine, same as I had not received other vaccines previously.
And so I contacted the senator in my district in Indiana, Earlham College is in Indiana,
and I filed complaints with the attorney general's office.
And a month later, Earlham College overturned their whole policy from requiring the vaccine to simply recommending it, which I was not even trying to change the policy.
I just wanted to attend graduation without having to show proof of vaccination.
So I was very happy about that.
But the next day, this was now in May of 2021,
The administration, as well as my professors and friends and classmates all basically came at me online.
There was a whole smear campaign posted on the Internet.
My professor, my academic advisor, who wrote a letter of recommendation for my second master's program, started emailing me, threatening me, saying that he was going to contact Boston University, retract my letter of recommendation, and try to ruin my full tuition scholarship.
Later on, I was removed from speaking at graduation.
And that summer, after I started Students Against Mandates, my email and my access to previous grades, my online transcript, which is unofficial, was all removed.
I was no longer able to access my email, which I'm supposed to have for the rest of my life to this day.
I do not have access to my email.
Previous classes I've had taken, my whole student alumni account is gone.
It's been a whirlwind of
events that happened after my situation of overturning my college's policy.
I have since then been suspended from Boston University, where I have a full tuition scholarship for three years to get my masters of divinity.
I was suspended for what the school says is COVID noncompliance after they accepted my religious exemption.
Very interestingly enough, I was banned from campus after being on the front page of the Boston Globe.
for helping 5,000 people with religious exemptions.
So I have experienced the cancel culture of two universities for graduate studies.
which has been a lot.
It is very exhausting and draining for young people, young college students, to fight these institutions that are relentless.
We have seen universities now mandating four shots
for young college students who are healthy, who are never at risk of COVID in the first place.
Some of them don't even mandate four shots for their staff or their faculty members.
And so it has been a journey.

[SPEAKER_06]
Wow, Kate, that is such an incredible and heartbreaking story to hear how these, you know, what you would think would be great institutions are just stepping on their students simply because of a religious belief, which is, you know, why pilgrims came to America in the first place and why we wanted to escape the tyranny of, you know, the British government.
We wanted to worship
our God, you know, the pilgrims wanting to worship their God.
And it's crazy what it's turned into.
But before I, you know, catch up with you with a couple of questions, I see that Lucas has been able to join us.
So I just like to give an introduction to him and welcome him to the stage.
So Lucas Johnson is someone who made it his mission to make his voice and the voices of other young students heard in the state of Connecticut.
He was a high school activist and the founder of Connecticut Students for Liberty, and he's been organizing walkouts with the most significant when garnering over 150 students and rallied against mandatory masking.
He also has experienced organizing events, assembling conferences, and rallying people to opportunities where the voices of high school students could be heard.
Lucas, welcome.
Thank you so much.
Do you want to tell us a little bit more about your story and what you've done?

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, absolutely.
Well, thank you for having me on, Phoebe.
It's an honor to be here, especially with your other two guests, who are absolutely incredible people who've done incredible things.
Kate's organization herself, or her organization, was actually...
I never... directly at myself as our other two guests, as your other two guests.
Yes, here, but my issue was I came back to school my senior year and the summer before I realized that me and my my fellow students and my friends of my age group were able to.
You know, we were able to worship, we were able to play, we were able to do whatever we would do during the summer free of any sort of masks or other COVID policies.
And I realized that we were all fine.
We were all perfectly healthy young kids.
And it just, something seemed off to me when I got the email in school, or the email in my phone sitting at my church at a,
some sort of stupid obstacle that 16, 17-year-old boys climb on, realizing that for the last summer that I'd been maskless, now kids from my age all the way down to kindergarten were going to go back into school with the same COVID policies that I saw hurt them and drive down their social interactions.
And it harmed them in that way.
It isolated a lot of kids and it, you know, it just made school.

[SPEAKER_06]
Oh, did we lose him?
I think we might have lost him.
Oh, okay.
Well, we'll wait for him to come back.
But in the meantime, make our voices heard.

[SPEAKER_00]
He's back.
Did I did I cut out there?

[SPEAKER_06]
We lost you for a little bit.
So if you could just repeat the last part of what you said.

[SPEAKER_00]
fortunate enough to have the opportunity to really
speak up for myself and speak against all these COVID mandates that were harming kids that were incredibly unnecessary, as well as being able to take other kids who thought the same, who realized that they were voiceless, and the people that were sitting out there saying that they had their best intentions in mind that were driving them into the ground.
I was privileged to be able to stand with them, and we were able to
Shake some stuff up and you know get some get some people heard and you know, I feel as though we brought about some good so Wow, yeah.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, definitely.
They don't have the best intentions in mind and it's not you know, dr. Huang We all wish that we had dr. Huang for our administration, right?
Well, I have a question for both of you Lucas and Kate since you founded organizations and I know that one of the
you know, biggest trouble that students have are finding like-minded people.
I've said this a couple times before, but during the year I got my exemption, I knew that my school had 800 other kids who got exempted.
One of them was me and another one was my friend who was on a different campus, but I had no clue where the 798 were.
And even so to this day, I've only found a few more out of that 798.
So how do you guys go about finding like-minded people and what brings them to you?

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, I can go first.
I know there's a lot of campuses that have either chapters with Turning Point USA or with Young Americans for Liberty.
And so I knew when I was starting Boston University last September to specifically be looking for joining
those sorts of groups that bring like minded people.
I have been very vocal about my stance on vaccine mandates or even just the vaccine in general.
And so oftentimes, you know, young college students will come and message me in regards to getting a religious exemption or will email me.
I have my email that's publicly available for people to reach out.
And so some months I have more requests than other months from college students.
And so now mostly I hear from college students that have already received the first two shots that are looking for boosters or now realizing that, oh, I'm vaccine injured or I no longer want to take this vaccine anymore.
And so I think because I have been very vocal, people do just reach out as far as religious exemptions go.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, well, I mean, I guess I'll go next and I can't.
I have to really very strongly agree with Kate on the fact that there are college, not as much high school, which is what I dipped into, but definitely for college, organizations like Turning Point and Young Americans for Liberty, their whole mindset and their whole drive as organizations has been to empower students who think differently than the college system to band together and actually know that they're not alone.
Um, and as, as Kate had said with the fact that, you know, she's done incredible work and put in incredible amounts of work to assist people who, who don't want to get these vaccines to, you know, attain a religious exemption.
The thing I would say is that the best way for, especially high school kids to attract other high school kids who want, want to find people who are, who are like-minded or who are
experiencing the same fears is to just don't be afraid to speak out.
In my experience, what happened was when you are willing to question something publicly in school, when you're willing to sit there at a school board meeting, when you're willing to go to a rally, as young people,
or at least you know the people that I found I found because I either spoke up or I was I was with people who spoke up and once they did they had people who came to them and realized wow I didn't or who said to them wow I didn't realize that somebody else thought the same way I did you know so a lot of these people just feel as though the system itself is
kind of trying to stifle what they think and I think it is.
But the best way to fight that is just and find like-minded people is to stand up and say what you believe because there are many more people than our public about it that just feel like they're alone.
So I would say stand up and
and do something, and you will find like-minded people.
They will come to you.
It's like a ripple in a pool.
You drop a rock and you'll find that one ripple turns into hundreds.

[SPEAKER_05]
Exactly.
And just to echo what Lucas said, my school was one of the first in the country to mandate the vaccine.
And unfortunately, I was the only one at my small liberal arts college that spoke up about the vaccine.
It was like, I'm not taking it.
Well, everybody else did.
And I lost all my friends over it.
The fact that I was unvaccinated beforehand never really came up in conversations.
private information, this concept of a vaccine just was not on our mind on a daily basis like it is now with with under, you know, the COVID tyrannical rule the past few years.
But I think once I started Students Against Mandates, because I said, I'm not the only college student in the country that's upset about these mandates, I cannot be the only one.
And that's why I, you know, started being very vocal about it and found
Other like minded people and that's what you have to do is even if you are scared to speak and stand alone to say your truth.
You have to do it because then you will find you'll be in a much better place.

[SPEAKER_03]
And I'm so glad that I that I did.
Yeah, that's right.

[SPEAKER_06]
The same thing happened to me.
I had my kind of revelation in a sense.
That day, I went to speak in front of the board of trustees.
Lucas, I think you were there.
And I thought it was a one and done type of situation.
I go up there, speak for a couple of minutes, leave, and go back to my daily life.
But no, from that day on, September 28, it just snowballed because people actually found interest in my story.
and people, you know, reached out to me and said that, oh wow, you know, I wasn't the only one I didn't know.
So that really is, you know, I think the key to finding people is to be brave and for me it was to go on my campus and speak to students.
What we did, how I was able to find a lot more students even after I was no longer in school was to get back on campus, set up a table,
hand out free donuts and flyers because that's what students like, you know.
We college students were always hungry.
We love free donuts.
We love free food.
And that way we got to talk with so many other students.
And some of them, you know, were, you know, hesitant to say if, you know, they were against the mandate.
Some of them were questioning.
Some of them didn't even know what was going on.
Some of them had exemptions, but they didn't know who else to turn to.
Over in Loyola University, I like to shout out my friend Brock Pivak.
He recently designed a poster flyer that had said vaccine injured and then scanned this QR code that had led to a short survey.
And he had over
Well, he printed out a thousand copies and then overnight, I think it was between 3 a.m. to like 7 a.m., he ran around campus, stuck it on every single, you know, dormitory door, put it on, you know, the president's door.
He put three on the president's door, three on the secretary's desk.
Even after the secretary tore them down, he was like, he snuck up and he put up three more.
So, you know, he was, he was, you know, at it.
He was at it so hard and you can see that passion in him.
We would love to have him talk, you know, at a future date.
But basically, you know, from that one night that he was up, you know, 3 a.m. to 7 a.m., sacrificed four hours of sleep, he got 2,000 respondents.
And out of those 2,000 respondents, 20% had marked that they were vaccine injured or, you know, they suspect vaccine injury.
So if you do the math very quickly, that's 400 students right there on his campus that are suffering and that feel pressured because they don't know who to turn to.
There are a lot of like-minded people out there, and I think that both you, Lucas, and Kate answered that very well.
The first step is to take that leap of faith, speak out, ask a friend, put up some posters anonymously, and deny that you were the one who put them up until you feel brave enough to do that.
But yeah, you can find a lot of people there on your campus.
So I want to ask you guys, you know, why do you think colleges are the last to drop mandates?

[SPEAKER_05]
I can go first, Lucas.
I think what's really interesting is because college students were the first demographic of people that were mandated for this vaccine.
And I've said for a long time that it's important to follow the money here.
There was some information as far as the White House paying college campuses.
or colleges to mandate these vaccines, right?
Because lots of people said, well, you know, college students, they have no risk for catching COVID or for at least having symptoms.
And so I think, you know, it's sad what we've seen with our educational system from
you know, kindergarten all the way up to college students with being indoctrinated with information.
And so I do think that this has been somewhat of a test to see if our generation, Gen Z,
Will, you know, comply to certain things.
And so 1 of them is clearly the coven 19 vaccine.
And unfortunately, we've seen colleges and universities be relentless where they're mandating, you know, 4th and 5th shots where we're not really seeing that happen in any sort of.
career field we don't see it happening for many even healthcare workers only one booster and so I think that this is more to do with a generational thing of conditioning our generation to comply and to see who will comply and who will not.
And if you do not comply, they tried to destroy your life.
Literally, this is not any sort of exaggeration.
Like I said, my professors tried to destroy my scholarship for my second master's program.
And while they did not succeed with that, I am no longer studying there at that university because I was suspended.
They tried to contact my job for speaking at Board of Education meetings.
And so there's lots of things that have happened where speaking out against the mandates can be extremely hard.
But when more people do it,
we are a stronger, more unified front.
And that's what we need because most people do not like the mandates, right?
They want to just make the decision for themselves to get vaccinated.
And so what I think is, like I said, this is more of a generational thing because there's no other explanation as to why just target a certain demographic as opposed to, you know, target health care workers as well.
or police officers and first responders.
So it's very strange, all of this, but I think it has to do with targeting a specific generation of people to make them comply with whatever sort of irrational, illogical, anti-science insanity they want to push.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, absolutely.
I agree with that.
So Lucas, do you have anything to add on that?
And perhaps, you know, oh yeah, go ahead, Mila.

[SPEAKER_04]
I had a question for Lucas.
So you were in high school when the mandate started, right?
So what was the environment with high school kids?
And was there any social pressure there?
Because you're not quite adults yet.
So was everyone just following what their parents said?
Or were they actually watching the media?
Or where do you think they're getting their information?
And was there a lot of pressure there?

[SPEAKER_00]
So that's a really good question.
So I believe that there was a spectrum of kids.
I think it's the same way with college or any sort of job field where there were kids who were complying because my parents said they want me to do this or the school's telling me to do it.
And there was a group of students, a large group of students who
we're watching the media and seeing the scare tactics that were pushed and the fear mongering that was pushed and buying into it.
And this actually partially ties into one of the response to why colleges were one of the last kind of places where mandates have not been dropped is I believe that there is an aspect that
young people have been socially conditioned by the systems that they've been raised in, which is the public education system that fosters a mindset of, I'm going to do what I'm told.
And I personally, I don't like that for kids.
But I think a large part of it was the people who were the least susceptible
were called the most selfish for not wanting to comply with certain mandates.
So for college students and high school students, something that I saw all the time as a response to any student saying that they don't want to wear a mask or receive a vaccine that they don't want was, well, if you don't want that, you're just selfish.
You don't care what repercussions come because you are not wanting to protect yourselves, i.e.
protecting others.
And I feel like that weighed on young people, I wouldn't say the most, but it's in
strong competition that that's one of the most susceptible groups to that kind of manipulation.
They don't have the same kind of life.
We don't have the same life experience as our parents.
So when you have this instinct that something's wrong, I'm being forced to do something and I don't want to do it, when as a system of
education and government and culture and society for all of those to unify and say, well, if you don't like it, then you're selfish and you are okay.
The stereotypical response is, well, you don't care if grandma dies.
What freshmen isn't going to hear, well, I'm okay with my grandma dying and not feel incredibly guilty for not wanting something that limits their breathing.
You know, we're not not wanting to receive a vaccine that they think is going to harm them.
No, I know very few young people who were able to take that and actually push back and say, no, this is not.
This is not right.
So I, I believe that that's one of the big reasons why kids in particular
Complied, you know, and I think that's one of the big reasons that kids were so fast to come out and say, wow, I didn't realize I was the only one who thought this when someone said something.
So I don't know if that answers your question.

[SPEAKER_04]
That was something good to be brought up for sure.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
Wow.
Would you just, you know, that reminds me of, you know, just such manipulation that they use, um, when they say, you know, would you rather your grandma die of COVID or get the shot, right?
It's a manipulation tactic.
Um, so I want to ask Lucas and Kate again, you know, what if your school imposed mandates or if they still have mandates, you know, if your school still has mandates, what should students do in that case?

[SPEAKER_00]
real quick.
Don't comply.
We saw what happened last time.
And it's you know, it's probably just sounds like saying the same old thing every time any sort of mandate comes up.
But the problem is that there's a snowball effect with allowing your rights to be taken away.
And that is every every inch you give them is a mile that they're going to take.
You can't you know, we we
saw how the last two years went.
We saw the, I think, immeasurable harm that's been done to everyone, young people and old people and families and workers and students alike.
Everyone has been caused harm by what's happened because of how terrible the response to this virus was.
And it started by
Okay, well, I'm just going to stay in my house for two weeks to flatten the curve.
It started with that.
So, you know, this is something that I've that one of my mentors said to me, which is incredibly harsh, but it's the way it is, is if somebody politely to
You can't ask these people politely.
If it comes back, unless you're willing to repeat the last two years, if not have a worse time, you have to not comply from the outset and you have to fight from the outset.

[SPEAKER_05]
And to add on to what Lucas said, I think it was like a few weeks ago, I read this tweet on Twitter and it said,
You cannot comply your way out of tyranny.
And I think that that's so true of what we see now is because so many people kept complying.
They could just keep adding on more and more and more mandates.
Meanwhile, if there's like even just 20% of the population that says nope.
We're not going to comply with this.
We're going to unenroll in the school.
The school would not survive, right?
So 20%, while it might not seem like the majority can make a big difference, but if it's just one or two or three people, then the school is not going to care, right?
So this is why it's so important to unite together because then we're so much stronger.
And so like Lucas said, do not comply or do not even go to those schools.
These most college students, you know, we have,
loans or our parents are also contributing to our our tuition.
Do not put your money where your mouth is.
And so enroll in schools that do not have these mandates.
I think there's over 500 colleges and universities across the country that are not mandating the school.
Also, if your dream school is mandating, file a religious exemption and push back, right?
Push back against the institution.
and see where it goes.
But I think, you know, my dream school was Boston University and I really wanted to go there, but I was not willing to comply.
And so I had to, you know, be wherever, you know, God was going to place me on this journey.
And now I'm back in New York State and doing kind of what I love.
I love what I'm doing right now.
And so I wouldn't really want to change anything.
as where it stands, but don't go to schools that are mandating, right?
Just apply to schools that are not mandating and put your money where your mouth is.
Pay for a school that wants you to be there, that respects bodily autonomy, that respects your decision of what you decide goes into your body.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, absolutely.
My body, my choice rate, that is what, you know, everybody was preaching and it seems to turn to 436 when it comes to COVID-19 mandates.
But yeah, just like, oh, go ahead.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, well, and something else, and I'm sorry, I don't mean to butt in again, but the other thing is these are if they come back, don't comply.
But one of the things that we need to do is realize that
the ground that we've gotten back, truthfully, the mandates, in my opinion, are gone because we just had an election cycle.
But the thing is, we've gotta make it well known that you won't comply.
So when the time comes, you can't comply.
But an equally important step is a preventative step.
And that preventative step is
go meet with the people that fought for these mandates and stay close with them.
And I'm sorry, this is just something that's before that I wanted to say was we saw people who were very strong, independent thinkers, like-minded people that came together in force towards the end of the mandates.
And what I've seen, I don't know if it's the same for anyone else,
but people have gotten, and I'm as guilty of this as anyone else, people have gotten complacent again.
But what we need to understand is that if we're not willing to stand up in our everyday lives and be willing to say that it's never gonna happen again and that we won't stand for it now when there's not a threat, when those mandates come, we're gonna have the same thing happen.
I don't know if that makes sense, but we just, you gotta stay vigilant.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, that's absolutely true.
And just like you were saying, Kate, you know, they seem to want to come and, you know, take our future.
And as we've seen today, you know, with Dr.
Horns, either taking our future with our physical bodies, our health, you know, or our educational, our future vocational careers, you know.
You know, the golden solution so far seems to be go to a school that does not mandate, but if you do, you know, have a school or at a school that is mandating, you know, fight back with what you can, with your voice, with your, you know,
Your money, you know, whatever you can do gather students gather power together and fight back With that I want to open the floor.
Does anyone have any last comments or questions?
Anything that you would like students to remember and take home with them?

[SPEAKER_01]
I would like to ask something if that's okay.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_01]
So it was very humbling to be with you and listen to each of your fight.
And I want to encourage you to stay strong.
I use the analogy of the movie Matrix and we are being used like a little battery.
So more information on coming out.
These have off mass production of the gene therapy, the vaccine is departmental defense operation.
So it's military.
We were warned of the military industrial complex by President Eisenhower.
Do you ever wonder why we have not stopped fighting wars after World War II?
It's very profitable for the military industrial complex to make money.
And now they're getting to the point.
They're basically turning inward and start to injure our own population in the United States.
That we are the little battery that can get something out of us.
So it's young people like you for, it's older folks like myself and even the elderly, our grandparents, that's being injured.
So definitely stay strong, understand your body autonomy.
Like I said, today's vaccine, tomorrow is going to be the food.
The next day is going to be the clothes that you wear.
And the day after that will be the religion and church you go to.
These sort of things can go on and on and on.
And you know, we all live through basically socialism 101, a cultural revolution 101.
And looking at this, it just saddens me that it's here, you know, the communists and culturalists that has landed in this country.
And it's moving from the West Coast and the East Coast rapidly to the heart of this country.
And yeah, don't give up, fight.
and group together.
I was able to help a local city here.
Little kids, 12 year old, getting pulled out of lunch line because they're not wearing mask and they're not allowed to go use the restroom because they're not wearing mask.
And many of them decided to band together.
They came to me for mask exemption and I was able to help a hundred of them with mask exemptions and that forces the city to drop the mask mandate.
for the whole city, right?
Just this few 10, 20 students.
So your action counts, okay?
Don't think that just because there is four of you that's fighting this, it's because of you, that's why things can change and can change for the better.
So I definitely encourage you guys to continue with your effort.

[SPEAKER_04]
It's definitely something that all of us need to do is come together, band together, know that there's others out there because all of us feel very isolated, especially when we're all being censored and separated.
And that's most likely intentional.
So just don't forget that.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_06]
all the way through the truth will prevail, whether through its science or whether it's through the law or through religion, truth will prevail.
So we are a little bit over the hour tonight.
So I just wanted to thank everyone.
Thank you, Dr. Huang, thank you, Kate, and thank you, Lucas, for joining us tonight.
It was such a wonderful conversation.
And to hear your insight and experiences was very liberating as well as encouraging.
And I hope that our viewers feel the same way.
So thank you so much for what you've done and please continue doing what you're doing in fighting for the students and the people that are out there.
With that, I would like to cue up the pub night scene, which is happening.
David, could you please cue up the pub night scene?
Maybe some technical issues, but there is an event that's happening in March and we would like to share it with all of you.
There we go.
Okay, yes, so this is the PubNight event details.
It'll be at the Port Hop Room in Atlanta, Friday, March 24th, 6 to 8 p.m. Everyone is invited and if you are interested in this, you can find tickets at vacsafety.org slash pubnight.
With that, everyone, thank you so much for joining us tonight on Rumble Live and to participate in the casual open floor discussion or to simply listen in, please head over to the Twitter space that is hosted by No College Mandates.
The link is also in the chat.
Once you have joined the room, you'll have the opportunity to raise your hand and a mic to chat with us.
We're also looking for college athletes, parents of athletes, coaches, and related people to come join us for a roundtable discussion later in the near future.
So thank you for watching VSRF Live College Edition and hope to chat on Twitter's faces.
Good night, everyone.
