[UNKNOWN]
you

[SPEAKER_04]
Hi, everyone.
This is Phoebe Liu.
I'm the host for the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation live college edition and welcome to our weekly show.
Tonight, we'll be talking with Thais Pat, an Ohio University student who's currently fighting a lawsuit against COVID-19 mandates, and Mila Radetic, a California community college
and Stanford DL CME student who was injured by the COVID-19 vaccine.
We are called students who have been greatly impacted and have our lives changed by COVID-19 mandates.
And we're calling for truth and transparency so that our fellow students and future generations can receive informed consent and have freedom to education without coercion.
Before we dive into our stories tonight and tonight's topic of if vaccines don't stop transmission, then are college mandates reasonable?
I want to tell you a little bit about VSRF.
VSRF is a 501c3 organization with the mission to end COVID-19 mandates and advance COVID-19 vaccine safety through public education and advocacy of scientific research and to provide support to the vaccine injured.
We encourage open and transparent conversations, scientific and medical inquiry and questions.
So thank you for joining us live tonight on Rumble.
If you would like to ask any questions, please drop them in the comments.
With that being said, let's dive into our stories.
Let's start with Tice.
We'll go to Mila before coming back to you, me.
So Tice, what happened to you and why do you care about COVID-19 mandates?

[SPEAKER_00]
Thank you, Phoebe.
So you guys might remember me.
You might have heard my spiel before.
But I'm Tice Pat.
I'm a senior at Ohio University right now.
And so my freshman year, I started college in 2019.
And so the end of my freshman year was 2020 when COVID broke out.
And right away, I had realized that my school closing down, sending us home, canceling the rest of the semester, moving everything virtual, it was just unprecedented.
And I didn't know much about COVID at this time.
Obviously, I'm just a business student and don't really have a lot of experience in the medical field or healthcare.
But that all changed when I realized how unprecedented everything going on was.
And I realized something was wrong.
So at the end of my freshman year, I ran for student senator of my college, the College of Business here at Ohio University, and I won the election.
And so I spent a little over a year and served almost two terms as student senator of the College of Business, tried to fight back against some of the COVID mandates the school was implementing, and I really made no progress there because most everybody else was against me.
I guess it would have been last year, I resigned from Senator of the College of Business, and I filed a lawsuit with 15 other students and some staff members against Ohio University.
And ever since then, we've been fighting our lawsuit.
We have managed to get all of the COVID mandates dropped on campus for now.
Our lawsuit is still open and on appeal.
And now we've been working to help other people at other colleges see similar success and hopefully getting their mandates dropped.
And so with that, we're going to go talk to Mila and hear about her story.

[SPEAKER_02]
Hi, everyone.
My name is Mila Radetic.
I started college at 14 in spring of 2020.
This would be my third year of college.
And in the fall of 2021, I was forced by my school and work to get vaccinated.
Within minutes of being injected, I lost consciousness and was immediately transported to a local emergency room.
Within a few days, I started having flu-like symptoms, ticks, and life-threatening seizures.
My well-being decreased sharply until I became paralyzed and lost my ability to walk.
Since then, I have lost mental coordination, I have brain damage, I lack hand and finger dexterity and cognitive skills.
They violated countless sets of rules for testing the vaccine before distributing it to the public safely and stole the possibility for me and other students to make a choice based on informed consent.
I testified in front of the state Senate against Bill SB 866 in California, and I am passionate about creating transparency about the vaccine and exposing to the public how it really is not as safe as they've made it out to be.

[SPEAKER_00]
Phoebe, you're still muted.

[SPEAKER_03]
You're still muted.

[SPEAKER_04]
Oh no, I'm so sorry.
But I was just saying, Mila, that is so horrifying to hear what you had to go through and how us young people are being treated by our school system and the government.
For me, I was homeschooled and I graduated when I was 16 and got accepted to the University of Connecticut to study biological sciences on the pre-dental truck.
And let me tell you, my freshman year was a blast.
During my freshman year, I was repeated on the Dean's List.
I was an honors program student, a Mortenson Scholar, a Babbage Scholar, which recognized me as part of the top 5% of the College of Liberal Arts and Sciences, as well as I was a Worth Innovator and TIP Research Fellow.
It was amazing.
My first year was amazing.
I was in so many opportunities doing a lot of research and had so many great friends and connections.
But just a year later, when I was 17,
I was fighting to keep my education.
UConn had canceled me along with $23,000 of merit scholarships and I was devastated.
What happened was UConn granted me a written exemption that stated surveillance testing recommended.
Then promptly the first week of school forced me into mandatory weekly testing with a DNA collection kit that had printed on it for research use only, not for use in diagnostic procedures.
I was really shocked and brought to a breaking point in which I had two choices.
One, hand over my DNA for COVID-19 testing and be allowed to return to school, or number two, be restricted from enrolling for questioning the mandates.
So I'll share with you my decision in the following trailer for my mini documentary, Second Class Scholar, which you can find on Rumble.

[SPEAKER_01]
UConn will require all students to get a COVID-19 vaccine if they want to return to campus in the fall.

[SPEAKER_04]
I requested an exemption and I was granted this exemption.
Now on this exemption it says surveillance testing recommended.
But mid-semester I got this email which said that because you have not been testing you're non-compliant and there is a student hold on your account.
So I go there to this testing location and I get handed this test kit.
It says innovative DNA collection device for research use only, not for use in diagnostic procedures.
This tells me my DNA is going to research and I didn't know what research it would go to.
I could not give my consent without knowing that.
I saw that both the test and the vaccine are emergency use products.
I could get an exemption for the vaccine.
Then why can't I for this product?
I began reaching out to administration.
So I was given a silent response.
And with that, I had no choice but to let their plan take its course of action, which was to cancel me as a student.
And with that, $23,000 of merit scholarships.

[SPEAKER_00]
That looks great, Phoebe.
I can't believe I haven't seen that yet.
I'll definitely have to watch that tonight.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yes, so you can find it on Rumble.
Just search my name, Phoebe Liu, for Second Class Scholar.
It's a very short, eight-minute mini-documentary and goes completely into detail of what I did and what UConn had presented me with.
But for the past few years, I know that we have all been told that COVID-19 mandates had kept us safe and protected and a lot of us, you know, wanted to get the vaccine to get back to normal.
But when science evolves at the speed of light, we wonder why college mandates have been so slow to change.
Recently, the CDC publicly stated that vaccines cannot prevent transmission.
And we're wondering, you know, why are mandates inappropriate response?
Are they still the correct response that we should have in light of evolving science?
So I will share my screen and recently I came across this BMJ article on the risk benefit analysis and ethical analysis of college mandates that says to be ethical, vaccine mandates require four conditions.
that the disease be a great public health threat, that there is a safe and effective vaccine, that mandatory vaccination has a superior cost-benefit profile, and that the level of coercion is proportionate.
In response to that, I think it's public knowledge that we know that the Omicron variant is very mild, it's a mild coronavirus strain, and that scientific evidence has determined that the vaccine is neither effective
nor safe.
But what about the cost benefit and the level of coercion?
There is this study, Thaisa, if you could share your screen.
There is this study that is on medRxiv, also in conjunction with the British Medical Journal in Yale, as well as funded by the CDC.
It was found that both the vaccinated and the unvaccinated individuals have similar viral loads in communities with a high prevalence of the SARS-CoV-2 Delta variant.
So what it found was that both groups, both vaccinated and the unvaccinated, are carrying similar viral loads, which means that all of us are capable of spreading transmission of the virus.
The unvaccinated are being subject to very egregious mandates in the name of safety and protection.
That makes me wonder, are the vaccinated then not protected and not safe?
And what exactly are we doing?
And that makes me ask, you know, does the lack of preventative measures for vaccinated individuals reveal a very jarring negligence of public health from our authorities?
I know that Mila has come across articles talking about the genetic mutation of the virus.

[SPEAKER_02]
All right, so when it comes to viral mutations, they occur when there's an error in the copying process to the virus's genome, and it impacts its ability to survive and replicate.
And I believe we have an article, Tess, could you share that?
what we have found out is that there are some mutations in these variants that seem to decrease the effectiveness of really important antibodies that they have put in the vaccines.
And as stated by several Yale professors and in the study, it is a very real possibility that the current vaccines are not effective in combating these new variants.
So I'm not sure if everyone can see that, but that's just the basics of the genetic mutations.
Something else we're going to be talking about is immune imprinting.
And this is something that may be contributing to the viral evolution.
And it has caught a lot of attention of scientists lately.
So, Tice, could you actually switch to that study?
Yeah, there we go.
So it's a, it refers to a phenomenon whereby initial exposure to a virus strain may prevent the body from producing enough neutralizing antibodies against the new strain.
So this is a very new concept, but definitely something that people and scientists and researchers just look into.
Wait, we're going to pass the mic to Tice now.

[SPEAKER_00]
Let me just pull up the next one.
So on top of all that, it's not just that there's no difference in spreading and infections between the vaccinated and the unvaccinated, which obviously, if we think back to when the vaccine mandates were first rolling out at all of our campuses, what were they telling us?
They were telling us that it is to protect the vulnerable.
It's to protect our loved ones.
about other people because they would guilt trip people and say, you don't want to be the person that's unvaccinated and so you catch COVID and give it to somebody that is going to get hurt by COVID because especially for college students, it was very clear really quick that we weren't
at a very big risk for COVID-19.
Resources would have been much better spent instead of coercing college students to do things on, they would have been better spent on helping the vulnerable, especially elderly people who were hit a lot harder by COVID itself.
So this study basically compares natural immunity to vaccine induced immunity and
What we found what it found and what other studies have found is really concerning.
So there was a 13 fold increase if breakthrough infection and the double vaccinated.
And there was a 27 fold increased risk for symptomatic breakthrough infection and the double vaccinated relative to the natural immunity recovered persons.
So to better explain what this really means.
Essentially, the vaccinated very quickly were seen to be at a higher risk of infection than the unvaccinated.
And as I was just talking about, we were told, right, that the vaccinated wouldn't be able to catch COVID.
That was the original thing.
That was the reason for the mandates, because if they got everybody vaccinated on campus, COVID just couldn't spread anymore.
They would have nothing to worry about.
Obviously, we've realized that was wishful thinking.
And so COVID is still spread on our campuses.
COVID is still spread to the more vulnerable because of these lies that were spread and told in order to push the mandates and get everybody vaccinated.

[SPEAKER_02]
Something I'd like to inject in here as a medical student is something that we learn in some of our basic classes that we take is that natural immunity is just as good if not better than artificial, which is caused by the vaccines.

[SPEAKER_04]
You know what, Mila?
I remember this was the first semester of my freshman year, and I was taking biology 1108, which was on the human body.
Something that we had learned was how nitroimmunity was also better than vaccinated immunity, but we had also known that
vaccines can spread, there's something called herd immunity.
And I thought, you know, because my family and nobody that I'm in contact with was in the risk group, that I could take other preventative measures to keep me and my family and my loved ones safe without having to go so far as to inject something permanently into my body.
And I'm actually really glad that these studies on natural immunity have come out and further like reinforce
the reason why I was hesitant to receive the shot in the first place.

[SPEAKER_02]
Absolutely.
I just wish they came out earlier because if these studies were out there or they actually went through the amount of time they're supposed to take while testing these sorts of things, then I wouldn't have gone in.
I wouldn't have all my medical conditions and myself and several others would have almost died because of it.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, and I think, I mean, this brings up a good point where, like I said earlier, everything was so unprecedented, right, for a vaccine to be ready this fast and for them to roll it out as wide as they did at the beginning and say, everything's okay, there's no risk, which obviously we know isn't true anymore.
What's scary is that they use that to coerce people, but
If we think back before COVID ever outbroke, there would have never been people on Twitter, doctors, verified doctors on Twitter claiming that natural immunity is a conspiracy.
And so things were just a lot different for this.
And that's scary.
And I think now that we're seeing, especially with some of the COVID files that are coming out from Twitter, where we see some of what Brooke Jackson and Warner Mendenhall have found where
government was colluding with big pharma on these vaccines, it starts to make a lot more sense why all these blatant lies were spread at the beginning because some people were covering their butts, some people were looking out for their profits like Pfizer and the other big pharma companies.
And so that wasn't it's not just 1 study that has found results like this.
Um, this is we, if we can pull the screen up.
The Brownstone Institute has a great list of just 160 studies.
Um, that all show similar results, if not the same results that natural immunity is far better and.
more effective at preventing COVID and symptoms than the vaccine itself.
Despite this, we still have the media and big names in the healthcare community that are still saying that natural immunity isn't that good and that the vaccine is still the gold standard with
as they like to say it.
And so the data and the studies, the science shows that this just isn't true.
And so this is a great article.
They have it listed out with plenty of basically just a summary of each study.
And so I recommend anybody that wants to learn more about this, go check these out because this is the
The immunity difference is the basis that they set their mandates on.
There's a lot of other problems, but this is so important because all these studies, all this data, it just exposes their lies blatantly, and it exposes why they lied about the mandates.
And some of these schools, a lot of them still, are still claiming things that all of these studies and data prove is false.
So it's good to arm yourself with this knowledge, especially if you're gonna be fighting mandates at your school, this is a great place to start.
So definitely check this out.

[SPEAKER_04]
I remember one of the things that they mentioned before was that, you know, COVID vaccines can't cause adverse events or COVID vaccines aren't harmful, something along the lines of that.
There's a lot of messaging on that.
But it's actually been found by the Pfizer reports in Twitter files just now.
If you can pull up their report by Daily Cloud, Daily Cloud has a team of 3,500 experts who have been analyzing the Pfizer documents.
And down over in chart two, if you can scroll down, chart two,
after FOIA is freedom of information act so after they requested public information from the australia therapeutic goods administration they discovered a 170 page document that tallies adverse events by diagnostic in nearly 1.4 million subjects and 72 percent of those were women
and 82% men.
So right here, chart two, it details the organ systems which were affected by, which could be affected by the vaccine.
And literally looking at some of this data, it says, you know, cardiac, autoimmune, hematologic, stroke, respiratory, renal, and neurological.
I just think back to that time when they told us that vaccines are completely safe to the data that we have now and it's jarring the difference.
It's like night and day.
I've experienced some very severe neurological damages.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_02]
I would just have to say like for any scientist, doctor, anyone to say that a medicine or a vaccine or anything is 100% safe, there are always going to be outliers and or people that it affects negatively.
It cannot be 100%.
So that statement by itself was a complete lie from the beginning.
On top of that, I am, um,
one of patients that experienced the super serious adverse effects from the vaccine.
And most of my are neurological.
And as you will see in these live streams and all of that, I have ticks.
I do a lot of twitching.
I might even step off to have seizures.
It's very disabling and definitely affects.
It changed my life and not for the better.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yep.
And some of these, especially, I would say it's more the pharmaceutical community, a little bit of the government now and big tech that we've seen, they're still claiming that this isn't happening, right?
And that's something that I think you just said it perfectly, Mila.
There's no such thing as something that's a hundred percent effective.
There are people that are allergic to water.
And so saying water is good for everybody technically isn't even true.
Um, obviously, uh, that's kind of like an extreme example, but everybody's going to have different health situations.
This is something I always like to talk about.
Um, the examples are endless, you know, like people grow up in different places.
And so say, say somebody that lives over on across the pond, they have entirely different things that they worry about in different continents.
There are.
completely different treatments for things.
And that's just the extreme example.
On a more macro level or micro level, I guess, at a college campus, it's very common that everybody at that campus isn't from the area.
So I think definitely all of us have seen, you know, there's people from all over the world that come to campus.
And so for any college to think that they can predict what's best for every 100% of students,
is just not based in reality.
And so that's what drives me to think there's something else, obviously, that has to be motivating these colleges to do this, because it's higher academia.
We're all here to get an education.
I don't think there's any way somebody in higher ed should be able to believe that
they know the solution for everybody for something.
Yes.

[SPEAKER_02]
And it's also crazy because the majority of, at least in my area, in my state specifically, and in these colleges, they 100% believe that there could possibly be no effects, no negative effects from the vaccine.
So when I was in class when I initially received it and was
Like, I started developing all these conditions and stuff.
Before, I was an athlete.
I was training for my first triathlon.
I was in very good mental and physical shape.
And they saw me go from that to, oh, she's in a wheelchair.
Oh, she's paralyzed now.
Oh, now she can hardly speak.
Oh, now she's having seizures.
She can't read more than two pages.
And they still called me crazy.
They were like, oh, no, it's all in your head.
No, it can't be the vaccine.
You must be making it all up.
And despite it happening in front of their very eyes, that's what most of my classmates and professors said.
And that was incredibly just crazy to me, but also made me feel like, wow, am I really making this all up?
No, I have everything in lab results and tests.

[SPEAKER_00]
Right.
And it's terrible that that happened.
And I think
One thing that probably gets commonly overlooked is them making these claims of 100% safety, 100% efficacy.
Not only does that hurt people that take the shot and have an adverse reaction to it, that made people like the people who you're saying didn't believe you, right?
They're like, well, you can't be right because
The government, the media told me it's 100%.
So that's why it was so dangerous to, it's always so dangerous to use something in absolutes like that.
Beyond the physical damage it can do, it's created, I'm sure almost every student listening to this has seen people that they refuse to admit these obvious truths that we now all see every day.

[SPEAKER_04]
Hey Mila, I'm kind of curious, um...
So we know at first, they did not tell us any of these things.
They did not tell us that they had this information, but were keeping it silenced from us.
Now after we've seen some of the studies, some of the data and some of the facts, how do you feel knowing that the information was available all this time?
What's your thought on that?

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, I think it's very sad that it wasn't available from the beginning.
A lot of this stuff has been shadow banned.
You look it up, it's there technically, but you can't find it.
A lot of the accounts that were spreading their stories or things like that over social media, they were banned.
just you weren't able to access that information or find it.
And you really have to do some digging.
And something else that was really awful was the fact that not only that the classmates and my professors didn't believe it,
But I went to several doctors and specialists throughout this entire state.
And they were telling me, oh, it's all in your head.
Oh, you're just crazy because the vaccine is perfect.
And that's a whole other conversation.
But I was denied treatment for over half a year.
And that's part of the reason I got so bad.
Another one of their lies and fallacies was the fact that, oh, if you did have effects, we'd be able to treat you right away.

[SPEAKER_04]
They sure did not.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, definitely.
It's terrible what has happened.
And I think we have another study here, too, that specifically looked at vaccine boosters for young adults.
And this is another risk benefit analysis.
And this was Tracy Beth Hoag's team, Vinny Prasad.
They concluded, essentially, that
the risk far outweighs the benefit.
And I think a very telling thing about this is that people like me who don't really know much about healthcare or, you know, I'm not studying anything like that.
I didn't need a study like this to know this, you know, like we could see it.
And so to see people just blatantly deny reality, blatantly deny that
These policies were very risky, to say the least.
It's really sad, and I think that's what has brought us all here together, honestly, to end this, but make sure that this can never happen again.
These colleges, Big Pharma, they're looking at what has happened the past three years with the widest eyes you can imagine.
They made more money than they ever could have imagined.
And to think that these businesses wouldn't attempt to do something like this again would be, I think, not a good idea.
So I think it's important to understand what happened.
That's why maybe we're talking about things that had happened three years ago and now stuff's a lot different, but it's still important.
This is a reason why I tell people too, like we still have our lawsuit going on.
we, if the next thing is, you know, monkeypox became a big scare just a couple months ago, if they would have tried to do the same thing for that or whatever it is, it doesn't really matter at the end of the day how deadly or infectious the disease is.
It doesn't really matter at the end of the day how safe or effective a treatment is.
What matters is making sure people have the information they need to make a proper decision.
And on top of that,
literally the ability to make that decision.
Basically every college student in America was not afforded their right to make that decision for themselves with their primary care doctor.
They were told by somebody who likely doesn't have any health care experience either, but they just so happen to be the president or on the board of a college or someone that's making decisions for everybody.
And so it's important to understand how that happens so we can make sure it just can never happen again.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yes.
And, you know, it's really interesting because I'm taking CME courses, which are continuing medical education.
And on some of these huge big universities like Yale, Stanford, some other Ivy Leagues, they have little courses for doctors and physicians on
how to convince patients to get the vaccine.
It's for anti-vaxxers, how to convince your patients.
And I just found that very interesting when I was looking at horses because they talk about us on the other side being biased when they have horses.

[SPEAKER_04]
I find that maybe.

[SPEAKER_02]
And that also leads into false claims that the government was making the mass media, all of that.
Um, initially and not only was it, oh, it's 100% safe, but it's also, if you get the vaccine, you won't be able to catch COVID.
If you get the vaccine, you won't be able to transmit it.
And they just continued making statements like that that have all turned out to not be true.
Some of the other ones they made, at least for the colleges and the schools that I believe Phoebe and I experienced, was they mentioned that, oh, you can have a religious or medical exemption.
None of them were accepted through the colleges.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_00]
We talked about this a little couple days ago, how a lot of colleges even they essentially created fake exemptions.
So they would say, yeah, sure, you can go here or you can ask this person for an exemption.
But at the end of the day, the colleges really had no interest or plans of ever actually approving those exemptions or honestly even giving them thought to like, if
if an exemption is appropriate or not, they would just say, no, find a way to throw it out.
And so that's why kind of like what we were going to go into now is kind of talking about what other, cause it wasn't just, you know, people getting hurt from COVID or the vaccine itself.
They created such a huge conflated problem that I think
everybody would agree it's damaged healthcare maybe permanently.
People are gonna trust healthcare and future treatments much less.
I think it is good that people will be more skeptical, but at the same time, if there is some type of emergency where decisions do have to be made fast on an individual basis, they could create a space where essentially someone no longer trusts their doctors because their doctors have failed them so bad and other healthcare authorities
have failed them so bad.
But so just like a couple things, a couple of those things that they caused is discrimination is a huge one and this is part of our lawsuit and I think easily all three of us have experienced it in one way or another and it has to be millions of kids across the country have now experienced discrimination based on their genetic information and I think we lost connection to Phoebe but
She noticed right away that there was something wrong with the test, for example, that they're collecting DNA and that therefore a certain use only which is emergency use and they're technically not approved.
There's no guarantee that they're effective safe any of that.
And so, just on the testing side of things I know me like what happened at your school was absolutely crazy I still can't believe that they had the red and green card thing so if you want to like explain what that was.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yes, and I wonder if we could pull up the pictures of that.
So basically what we had at my college and several others in this area in California and out of state as well is you had a green card for if you submitted your vaccination status and you had a red card if
you refuse to submit that.
And you would have to show everyone your card before entering any indoor facility, resource, classroom, anything to access any resources on campus.
And I found that a complete violation of my information.
Also, it was segregating us.

[SPEAKER_00]
And I mean, if it was like applied to anything else, I mean, I can't even think of any other example where
Someone having to say look here like it's it's like having a sign that says I'm allowed to be here.
I'm not allowed to be here like That it just wouldn't be socially acceptable in any other situation.
But because of the amount of fear and misinformation, they were able to create surrounding coven
that's the only reason they could ever get away with something like that.
And so it's scary to see that they were able to do that.
And it's just another thing that absolutely, they cannot, it cannot become normal for these things, right?
Because it's just gonna snowball into worse, worse, worse until I think a big question I keep hearing a lot, especially for like the censorship stuff is who decides what to censor?
Well, who decides what
What gets you your green pass or your red pass um thankfully like vaccination passports have kind of been completely shut down because it's kind of like the same thing it's completely socially unacceptable in the year 2023 now.
But all on a might on a smaller scale places like your school Mila we're able to implement this.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yes, and now they pretend that it never happened, too.
You can't find any information, anything like that, that they even implemented this.

[SPEAKER_00]
Phoebe, are you able to hear us?
Are you back?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, I'm back.
Sorry about that.
Lost connection for a little while.
But Mila, yeah, I heard you talking about how you were excluded from participation.
I want to share one of the things that happened to me.
So I was part of the Morrison Scholars cohort.
So this was, you know, a special privilege.
We had been invited to see Yo-Yo Ma perform as well as a local Met Gala.
However, because I did not have a vaccine card, I could not participate, I could not go to those events, and I missed out on some very exciting, very cool events.
And I, at that point, those couple of nights, you know, I had to stay at home while my cohort mates and my fellow friends, they were out there listening to Yo-Yo Ma, or they were at a Met Gala, they were at a party.
And it felt like, you know, because I was not in the in group, I was not in the click of the vaccinated that I could not go and that was, you know, very clear discrimination to me.
Further on, later, after I got canceled from UConn, my other cohort, my Worth Innovators cohort, they were actually flown out to Austin, Texas for a conference.
And since I had questioned the mandates and gotten canceled by UConn, I was no longer part of school.
due to COVID-19 mandates and was not able to participate.
Couldn't go to Austin, Texas.
I missed out on another conference in Boston.
Actually, my own cohort made a conference that she had set up and organized.
I could not go to that.
Um, you know, and I feel like I missed out on a lot of things that would have added a lot of flavor, um, to my academic and my personal life.
Um, a lot of experiences that would have built me up as a personal, you know, a person.
Um, and those were things that I could not participate in, could not go to just for the fact that I wasn't vaccinated.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.
And Phoebe, I actually have the, uh,
Yukon's discrimination policy pulled up right now.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, can you share that?

[SPEAKER_00]
Yes.
Like what you just said, if that isn't the clearest example of discrimination, I'm not sure what is.
But yeah, here's their policy.

[SPEAKER_02]
Wow, pretty crazy.

[SPEAKER_00]
You know, something... Go ahead.
I was just looking for a specific part of it to pull up quick.

[SPEAKER_04]
I'm back, sorry about that.
Well, continuing on the topic of discrimination.
Choppy again.
If you want to go to the first statement below Statement Policy,
a statement of policy.
So just above, just above.
Go to this one?
Yes, that one.
So within the first paragraph, and this applies, this is for students, employees, and visitors.
That last sentence of the first paragraph, it says that all members of the university community are responsible to maintain an environment that people are able to learn and to work without fear of discrimination, without harassment or interpersonal
violence.
I had actually looked up to my professors, my teachers, my mentors, the board, university administration to uphold what they had said and put in a policy.
When these things happened to me, I was so appalled and shocked.
And it says, you know, I think it says it very well.
Discrimination diminishes individual dignity and impedes equal employment and educational opportunities.
Students First is actually UConn's motto.
But even after a year of contacting the admins over at my school and going before them to speak at the board meetings, they have still treated us with what I feel as less respect than some of the other speakers, how they have cut off speakers that speak about COVID-19 mandates, but will engage in questions on climate change.
I just wish that there was a chance to have academic inquiry and academic expression without feeling like there's a preference over who can speak and who cannot speak.
below the policy right here, it also says that the university does not unlawfully discriminate in many things, some of those which are religious creed, genetic information, as well as workplace hazards to the reproductive system.
So here in Connecticut, we have actually lost
are religious exemptions.
Religious exemptions are no longer able to be made.
There's currently a lawsuit to recover religious exemptions that's going on.
I just think that's crazy.
For genetic information, I was kicked out of school due to the concern of the privacy of where my DNA was going.
And then finally workplace hazard as we have been talking about earlier.
It's been shown that there are proven hazards to the reproductive system in the vaccine.
So why are we discriminating against people just because they make this choice for their own body?

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, it's really sad that these colleges.
It's a similar story at my school.
they won't even follow their own policy.
Luckily, these policies are in writing.
They're legally binding.
And so while we're on this subject, I want to encourage everybody, if you've been discriminated against, go to your school's website, go to the Title IX page, or it might be under the Title IX director's page, just depends.
Find the Title IX information, find their statement of their discrimination policy, and reach out to the Title IX director,
There's other resources ways to report violations of this policy.
That's just one great free way that you can fight back and put pressure on your school to stop violating their own policy in this case.
So, um,
That was kind of everything that we knew for sure we wanted to talk about.
Do you guys want to get into the bribery kind of stuff, or maybe save it for Clubhouse, getting a bribery?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yes, I would like to get into bribery.
So.

[SPEAKER_04]
I'm sorry, I did not hear you.
I know Tice has done a lot of research regarding bribery.
And we have some active examples that have been going on at your school, Mila.
So definitely, yes.

[SPEAKER_02]
All right.
So something relating to bribery is what my school did initially when the vaccine came out is they sent an email to all of the students and staff, the $150 vaccine incentive.
And almost everyone took it.
Oh, that's another thing.
So what we have up on the screen is a story that this mom says her son was vaccinated without her consent and basically bribed with pizza and like, hey, everyone else is getting it to get the vaccine at school.

[SPEAKER_00]
So yeah, this is, this is a crazy story to me because, uh, like I could picture myself in the kid shoes at school.
If, if my school was like, Hey, you'll get a free basically like a pizza party.
If, uh, you just take this vaccine, I, you know, as a kid in school, I wouldn't know anything about the vaccine.
I'd be like, sure, give me the vaccine.
I want the pizza.
And, um, it just goes to show like how.
how morally incorrect they're willing to get.
And like, this is almost, this is obviously coercion and almost like a bribe, but they're manipulating people too.
Like, especially the younger they are, if you're telling, you know, especially young kids, they almost, everything's like a reward system, right?
So like,
they're not going to go out of their way to do something unless they're being rewarded for it.
School kind of starts like that.
You answer the question right in kindergarten.
They're like, here's a piece of candy, whatever it is.
And so it really feels evil when they do this stuff.
But unlike the college level, like you were saying, pizza doesn't really have the same effect.
So if you want to talk about the money that they're literally offering and handing out cash bribes, essentially,

[SPEAKER_02]
You know, before you go into the money about that, this is actually what I testified in front of the State Senate about.
They're trying to pass a law that would let students underneath the age of 14 get the vaccine without parental consent.
And I believe that is
absolutely absurd and also some kids may not know what if they're allergic to something like for me I have no idea and you just it's absolutely awful so pay attention to it the government or people in your state are gonna pass things like that did that because I remember reading about that Mila that ended up becoming law in California didn't it yeah that's really that's scary

[SPEAKER_00]
Um, so yeah, like another thing with will, uh, if, uh, hold on to my sharing.
Yeah.
Okay.
So what I'm sharing now, we'll get this pulled up, but, um, basically every college was given money to do a lot of things.
All of our colleges, they all had a, essentially a bribe system that was funded by the government.
If they.
If a student got vaccinated, they could receive a cash reward.
At my college, he would be entered into a drawing for a cash reward.
There was a bunch of things.
There was scholarships given away at a lot of colleges for it, like a $500 semester scholarship people could win.
And so this happened everywhere.
So one thing that, another thing anybody can do right now to
learn more about your school and kind of what's going on behind the scenes.
If you go to this website, covid-relief-data.ed.gov, I'll put this in the Rumble Chat right now.
This website, anybody can go here and you can look up your college specifically.
So I'll just go through as an example and do mine and go here to Ohio.
Come down to for college, it's mainly the higher education relief funds here.
And you can see just in Ohio, $2.2 billion was awarded for all of this kind of stuff.
Here we see less than a billion of that went to the actual students through the stimulus and financial assistance that
went out, the majority of it went to the institution.
So this 1.2 billion we see here, this is like what would have been used to coerce and bribe students.
This was used to buy tests, to put in new air filtration systems, all the kind of things that they said would end the pandemic and help reopen stuff, right?
And so down here at the bottom, you can see your school specifically.
What I like to do is filter it by the amount of students.
So you would think the more students, the more funding you're going to have to have to provide for each of those students.
You'll see pretty quick that it's not really the case.
What really happened is the people, the colleges across the country,
that implemented more strict mandates, required masking, required testing, required vaccination.
And they've really enforced it.
These are the colleges that got the most money.
So in our state, OSU is the biggest school, but it is also one of the ones that was the strictest.
You'll see the Eastern Gateway Community College.
still has nearly 60,000 students, but they only got $16 million compared to Ohio State University's $200 million.
So it's always interesting to see how there's these like disparities and it's really not based on what they would like you to think it is.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, definitely.
I was overlooking at, I had actually known this while I was still in college, but I had looked up UConn's AARP funding and it was stated that this is on their website so it's findable out there very easily.
They had received around 56 million, but only half of that was given out to students.
And that makes me wonder, you know, okay, so what happened to the other half?
But then I found something even more crazy was AARP was just one of the funds that my school received for COVID-19.
I went on another site, which had compiled all of the funds that you kind of had received.
And in total, it was $110 million for our students.
Now, where they have used this money, what have they done with it?
We don't have a paper trail, but Thais, I know that you are a marketing student and there's this term called ROI or return on investment.
You know, obviously the government gave this money to UConn.
They need a return on investment.
Otherwise, why would they be giving such huge sums of money to a school?
Obviously, there's some strings tied that have not had a paper trail, but when I do find the paper trail, we'll be sure to report on it.
Tice, I know that you had found the paper trails for your college, however, and they're quite shocking.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, so I won't get too into depth with it.
There's we actually have all the stuff I found cited in description if you want to check it out.
But essentially everything from the colleges themselves.
So if if the colleges were doing all this because they cared about our health and safety, they probably would have actually followed the data and science a lot earlier on.
So when they're giving out cash for you to do something,
And think about when else has a college done that?
When was the last time your college was offering you money to do something as simple that's going to take five minutes, you know?
So obviously there's something up there.
And one thing that you'll see is that colleges
they were able to be reimbursed and repaid for all sorts of things.
And where it starts to get sticky is that the federal government purchased and distributed all of the vaccine doses themselves, as well as other things, the testing, masking, these federal funds helped pay for a lot of that.
And so that stuff was
dispersed to the colleges and they really didn't have to pay anything for that because the federal government had contracts that required the federal government itself to be the only one that could buy that stuff and distribute it.
So what I believe most likely happened and what it seems pretty obvious happened is that then the colleges would say, okay, we gave out this many doses of the vaccine that we received for free and
this is how much we need repaid for that because those systems are still all in place.
Um, on top of that, you know, there's all sorts of, like you said, Phoebe, there's all sorts of ways.
These places are not just giving out things for free.
They've never done it.
They never will.
They're, they're businesses at the end of the day and they're going to keep acting like that.
So definitely I would recommend everybody like get on Google as soon as you can start looking up, you know,
Who's paying your college?
You can find all the grants they get.
You can find all the funding.
Most of it's all public information.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, definitely.
We have went over quite the high level overview of some of the craziest things our colleges are doing in this time of emergency.
As they say, are there any other last thoughts or last comments that we would like to make?

[SPEAKER_00]
I'd like to say that I think this episode went really good and I'm glad that we have a three hosts now.
Um, I think it's a lot better set up.
So, um, everybody that's watching, uh, we'd love to hear your feedback, like what you want us to dive deeper into.
And we'd love to hear any feedback really.
And then I know Phoebe, if you want to talk about the clubhouse after encourage people to come over there and have talk with everybody.

[SPEAKER_04]
Definitely, yes.
So after the show, at 8 p.m., there is a room set up for college COVID-19 mandates.
It's a, you know, open floor discussion just to, you know, you can simply listen in or participate and chat with us.
The app is called Clubhouse, so you can download it on your app store called Clubhouse, and then you can search for COVID-19.
Let me find the correct one for you.
I believe it is called COVID-19 safety or TICE.
Can I ask you for a favor?
Will you be able to go to our group chat and find the thumbnail that I had created, which has a QR code for viewers to scan and get into the Call of House room directly.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yes, I probably can.
While I'm pulling that up, I gotta find out for sure.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_00]
Want to thank everybody for watching.
