[SPEAKER_05]
Something just ain't right, the way they cover their own Feels like they wanted this land all along Can't put a dollar sign on everything we own Oh Mr. Greed, I just know you reap what you sow
With a line of Ohana A million tears for you Won't you stand with a line of Ohana Until the skies are blue

[SPEAKER_10]
Tonight on VSRF Live, Senior Pastor of Cavalry Chapel Maui and Pediatric Cardiologist Dr. Kirk Milhone, No College Mandates Founder Lucia Sinatra, and Pharmacist Dr. Robert Sieck, join us as we explore what's really happening in Maui, the return of masks and other mandates across America, and the wellness company's emergency medical kits.
As I appreciate your patience, we had a little technical snafu getting started this evening.
So let's get going now.
First up tonight, we're joined by Dr. Kirk Milhone, pediatric cardiologist and senior pastor of the Cavalry Chapel in Maui.
He'll give us an update on the fires and how we can help.
Afterwards, we'll speak with No College Mandates founder Lucia Sinatra about the return of the mandates.
And later in the show, we'll be joined by Dr. Robert Sieck, Chief of Integrated Therapeutics at The Wellness Company.
He'll talk to us about how to get and stay healthy this fall.
Nurse Angela on our VSRF team is in the background this evening.
She has over 24 years of experience as a registered nurse.
She has made a remarkable recovery from a serious injury following her first COVID mRNA injection.
Angela now devotes her time to guiding others who are vaccine injured.
If you have questions for her, please send them via email to nurseangela at vacsafety.org.
That's nurseangela at vacsafety.org, and she'll do her best to get back to you.
I want to remind everyone that we will have our live Q&A later in the show.
And now that we are exclusively on Rumble, type all your questions for our guests in the chat.
And if you use the Super Chat feature as well by making a small donation to VSRF, that will help us to move your question to the top and get answered.
I also want to thank our show sponsor,
The wellness company.
Oh, hang on one second folks.
Let's switch something up here.
Here we go.
I want to thank our show sponsor, the wellness company.
They have a first rate team of medical doctors offering innovative products and extensive medical expertise via telemedicine, including treatment for long COVID and vaccine injury.
Recently, the wellness company has come out with a new nutritional supplement just in time for back to school.
It's called year round wellness for resilient kids.
We'll ask Dr. Seek to tell us more about that when he comes on.
Don't forget to use our 10% discount code at checkout.
Go to twc.health forward slash VSRF and use the code VSRF to save 10%.
We'll put the link in the chats.
Now, without further ado, I wanna bring on Steve Kirsch, our founder.
Hello, Steve, how are you?
Steve, you're muted.
You gotta unmute.
when you can, you're still muted.
On your browser, hit the little.
There you are.

[SPEAKER_14]
Sorry, you asked how I was, I should have said I was muted.

[SPEAKER_10]
So lots going on lately.
What are you tracking these days?

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, I got the nursing home data.
You were showing me that earlier.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, it's pretty cool.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, it took me a day to learn R to analyze it.
And now I've got the power tool.
And so I spent a day kind of coding it the wrong way.
And then I recoded the whole thing.
It took me like 50 lines of code to analyze the whole thing.
Wow.

[SPEAKER_10]
It's stunning.
When are you going to release it?

[SPEAKER_14]
I'm going to show people today.
Do you want to show it right now?
Now when Kirk comes on.

[SPEAKER_10]
Okay.
All right.
You can do it with Kirk.
Actually, let's bring Kirk on right now.
Hang on.
Let's bring him into the show.
Hello, Kirk.
How are you?

[SPEAKER_06]
Fine.
How are you guys today?

[SPEAKER_10]
Good.
I want to read your credentials real quick now.
You are an Air Force veteran, a double board certified medical doctor with a specialty in pediatric cardiology.
You're also the senior pastor at Cavalry Chapel in South Maui and you're going to give us an update on what is happening on the ground.
Thank you for joining us, Dr. Milholm.

[SPEAKER_06]
Thank you very much.
So we've gone past the acute phase, which happened very quickly as we had multiple fire spots on the island.
But the main one that everyone's been concerned about mostly has been that was in Lahaina, especially old Lahaina.
It's the historic capital of the Hawaiian Islands, the Kingdom of Hawaii.
And last Tuesday during really high winds gusts above 80 miles an hour, but sort of sitting around between 40 and 60 miles an hour.
fire started, and between the dry tinder that was on the ground, the rate of the winds, it spread quickly throughout old Lahaina.
And a lot of those restaurants, we don't have natural gas lines, so most of the restaurants run on propane tanks, and a lot of people have propane in addition to electricity.
And so much of what happened is that propane tanks started exploding.
And so it wasn't even just a wildfire coming in, it was bombs of propane going off.
And so absolute devastation.
People were, for a lot of different reasons, because of the winds, electric poles went down, blocked a lot of the exits from Lahaina.
And so people were trapped and many of them had their only
form of escape was to jump in the water.
And I've talked to individuals who have been in the water over three hours waiting for it to cool down enough so they could come back.
I've seen the back of pickup trucks melted.
And just really some horrific stories.
They're listing above 1,000, a total of around 1,000 either dead or missing.
And this isn't like an earthquake where you lift up a destroyed building and you hopefully find somebody underneath the rubble.
This is basically everything has been burnt almost to ash.
So there was a lot of work trying to make sure everybody was well, who was treated.
Now we're just trying to help people as they are trying to find longer-term
uh, residences because about 2000 buildings were destroyed.
Many of those were multi-family buildings and apartment buildings.
Um, and then trying to get kids back into school and figuring out how to help not only those people who have been displaced or lost, not only lost loved ones, but also lost homes and all their possessions, cars.
Um, but also how do we help those people who are affected when this island effectively shut down?
we are a tourism-based economy largely.
And so when tourism goes down, especially in Kana Pali and also in the South Side, Wailoa and in Kihei, it has a broad reach of devastation, financial devastation to the working poor, the working middle class, the working upper class, because suddenly their income stops.
And so what we've been trying to do, we've had the free medical clinic
food pantry throughout COVID.
It was sort of a, it was a dress rehearsal for what is happening now.
And so we're trying to just be a source of comfort and love to the population here as they, you know, basically a little less than about 10 days ago, everybody's life changed on this island in different ways, but nobody on this island remains unaffected.
So it's just walking through this population, something that feels a lot of ways to a lot of us that aren't directly impacted by the fires.
It feels like three years ago when the mandates came in to stop travel.
So it has a very, it is sort of like we were going through this again, just in a different way.

[SPEAKER_14]
It sounds so yeah.
Can you comment at all about the ellipse?
There's a there were pictures of the fire in the ring of fire was it was in like a perfect ellipse.
Have you seen that?
And can you comment on what that was about?

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, I'm not familiar with the exact picture you're talking about.
I saw a lot of live pictures in terms of how the fire was going down and how it comes down.
And you can see it started basically at the beginning of the old town.
There were a row of homes that were protected.
I've driven through there a couple of times since the fire.
And then it just, because of the way the wind direction was, it just came straight down to the ocean.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, but what I'm talking about is there was a shot, I don't know, it was from a drone or a helicopter or something, and it was an aerial shot, and it showed that the fire was burning in a ring around Lahaina.
It was an ellipse.
It was a huge, huge ellipse.
It was almost like a perfect ellipse.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, I'm sorry, Steve.
I just haven't seen those.
I haven't seen them.

[SPEAKER_14]
So the other thing that people observed is that the trees were saved, but the buildings went down.
Now, if you have a fire, you'd think that the first thing that would go are the trees and the last thing that would go are the buildings.
Why were the trees saved and the buildings went down?

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, the trees often had quite a bit of irrigation associated with them.
And a lot of those trees are very, very healthy trees.
We had a lot of older houses with very dry wood and shingles on them.
So I think that that's, you know, Ed Dowd and I were talking about this just the other night.
And about the, a lot of things doesn't surprise me.
And a lot of things, people that had had irrigation, those houses were often saved.
There was a guy who was sitting right by a little hut, right by the harbor, and he controlled the water and he kept this little kind of little restroom area saved just by watering.
And you hear, we hear many of those stories as people were able to keep their houses around by just, you know, garden hoses.
But a lot of people didn't stick around because it got so hot.
And like I said, the winds were coming down, so a huge amount of oxygen coming down with fuel.
And then once the propane started going, then you have just these fire bombs going off.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, so, and there was a FEMA official who was, I don't know, I think he was arrested by the DOJ officials.
And I saw this in the news and I've been a little focused on this CMS nursing home data.
So I haven't had a chance to look at that.
But are you familiar with what I'm talking about about this FEMA official?

[SPEAKER_06]
No, I haven't.
I've sort of like being you like you've been focused on the nursing home data.
I've been focused on these people who are trying to figure out how to put gas in their cars and feed their families.
Um, we're hearing so many things that are becoming that as they come out they're Upsubstantiated or they're a different type of thing.
I I just don't know see.

[SPEAKER_14]
Okay.
Sorry dude When this disaster happened Maui told people don't come we're trying to recover.
We're trying to you know, get back to normal uh has that advice uh reversed now due to circumstances and okay, we're we got things kind of under control now and
And we need the income.
We need the tourist income.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, I hope so.
We've been trying to get that word out from pretty close to day two.
Once the fires were out in Ohio, we've been trying to get that word out because, you know, to start coming again, please start coming again.
Please start coming.
The South Side is completely open.
If you want to help Maui, you can come to Maui and go on tours and eat at restaurants because
We lose the poor that are in it.
I know people have this sort of almost this this idea of virtue signaling of not going to Mali, but poor housekeepers and poor landscapers and.
and people who are relying on daily wages that help them get through.
And so it is just, it actually compounds the difficulty.
We have farmers up country that have all these vegetables that they're trying to figure out what to do with.
And so we've started buying vegetables from the farmers so we can give them out at our food pantry because or else the farmers will be broke.
because they have probably one to two, three months of leg time before their crops come.
And so when this island shuts down, it's all these tomatoes and cucumbers and lettuces and everything else that we have, papayas that are coming, and they all, it's sort of, who's going to eat them?
There's Kanapali and the vacancy, you know,
The occupancy rates in a lot of our southern resorts are like 15 to 20 percent.
So that's dramatic.
So the best thing they can actually do for the island's population is to come.
Because it's one thing to get it.
Yes, it is beautiful for people to help us financially on the island to be able to help people who are devastated.
But a lot of this is people want to be able to actually have their own money from what they've worked.
So there's a lot of beautiful pride in themselves.
And a lot of these people that we're trying to help go, I don't want any handouts.
People's lives, they have it worse than me.
But they feel good about receiving wages.
So I think that that would be my call to people who are wondering whether they should come or not.

[SPEAKER_14]
Is to come, basically.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yes, please.

[SPEAKER_14]
Please come and come, come early, come often.
Yes, exactly.
And take tours.
Take tours.
So how are things from a medical point of view?
Are you seeing a lot of people who are injured and how many people do you think?
What do you think the death count is?

[SPEAKER_06]
I think the death count will be over a thousand.

[SPEAKER_14]
I don't think people died.

[SPEAKER_06]
I think are missing are all dead.

[SPEAKER_14]
Wow.
And did they die because they were trapped and they couldn't get out?
Or what was the usual?
Some of them tried to stay around and shelter in place.

[SPEAKER_06]
Some people died jumping into the ocean.
The winds were blowing so hard, so the surf was pretty rough.
So people probably were alive when they jumped in the ocean and then drowned in the ocean.
The medical stuff, it's relatively minor.

[SPEAKER_04]
You sort of made it out with minor injuries.
or you died.

[SPEAKER_06]
Our hospital isn't full with the injured.
We sent major burn victims over to Oahu at the major burn centers over there, but there weren't that many.
So it came so fast and so sudden.
It was like you either made it out

[SPEAKER_14]
So do you think there are any, you know, I'm sure there are conspiracy theorists that would say, you know, hey, this was purposefully said or what do you think the, you know, we talk about COVID origins.
What do you think the origin of this virus?

[SPEAKER_06]
I think it's natural.
Ed and I were talking about this quite a bit and he agrees.
Now it's possible, but we haven't seen any really good evidence to say that it was set.
We have a lot of our fires that are set are from homeless building camps and having open fires.
So, but I don't think that that's what happened here.
There's a lot of discussion over, there were some power lines that fell up country and they have actually video of those starting the fire.
In Lahaina, they're not sure exactly how it started.
But I think my biggest concern is not so much what started the fire, but what is the government going to do with this crisis?
And I think the attitude on the island is this is going to start feeling an awful lot like three years ago, where
The government takes control and people are wondering when do we get to go back into our houses?
When do we get to move back in?
There are a lot of people who are displaced but they're not letting them back in their houses.
So that spawns a whole new group of sort of conspiracy thoughts of, you know, sort of like is this the crisis that they're not going to waste?
And so there's a lot of concern in the community over,
How is the government going to deal with this?
How are we going to get our land back?
Do we get paid for the land?
Is it going to be habitable?
Is the water going to be okay?

[SPEAKER_02]
Right now, they're saying not to drink the water on the west side, not to drink the water in the upcountry.

[SPEAKER_06]
They're saying that it has too many things.
You can't even bathe with it.
You can only flush toilets with it.
So what's what's wrong with the water?
What's in the water?
They said there's been benzenes and some other other compounds in there that that make it not drinkable and not treatable.
So it's really.

[SPEAKER_14]
So if you have a reverse osmosis filter, I won't you can't get it out.

[SPEAKER_06]
They're just saying not to use it at all.
So I will tell you that these are all the things that people are discussing.
I just talked to one of the people who's managing safety managers from within the government and they're saying that it's actually the air quality in Lahaina now is actually pretty good and very
and very good.
So hopefully they'll be able to open up Khan Napali and we'll have water soon because that's thousands of people who are employed up there and thousands of people who have homes that they can just get back to their homes.

[SPEAKER_10]
Is it true that there's been some organizations coming in trying to buy land from people that lost their homes?
What's going on with that where they're maybe even losing their property?

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, I think with all these, anytime you have a catastrophe, there's predatory, um, real estate, um, activities going on.
Uh, we've heard of those things.
Uh, I have a lot of friends who are in the realty business and they said, uh, a number of them have already said there is, there is basically forbidden to advertise for at least 30 days to their entire group, you know, whether the, whatever, you know, the major firms.
Um, but I think a lot of people, individuals might be doing that.
Um,
I think that that's the concern.
The Hawaiians are very sensitive to land grabs, and they're concerned that this might be a fresh land grab.
And so there's a lot of tension.
There's a lot of frustration with government on the ground.
They're suspicious of FEMA.
They're suspicious of government aid.
So when we go out and talk to people, often they'll say, are you from FEMA?
We go, no, we're from Calvary Chapel.
We have a food pantry.

[SPEAKER_14]
Oh, come on in, please.
Speaking of Calvary Chapel, are you affiliated with the Calvary Chapel in San Jose?

[SPEAKER_06]
Not if I mean, we're sort of of the same breed, you know, but we're not.
Yeah.
So I know McClure, I know of McClure and what he's been fighting out there.

[SPEAKER_14]
You know, so like, do you have an opinion on their suit?
The city's going after them because they didn't mask, which is totally absurd.
Well, I mean, it's unbelievable.
You know, you look at you look at the evidence.
I mean, I was just reading a JAMA paper from 2019 and it basically said that
Well, the surgical masks actually work a lot better than the N95s.
And it was almost statistical significance on that.
I calculated the p-value.
And if the study had been a little bit larger, they would have had a statistically significant difference that the surgical masks were superior to the N95 masks.
which is like that, you know, if anything, it has to be the reverse, which shows that the study is completely flawed and also that neither mask makes any difference.
I mean, there's basically no difference between these.

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, that was the Cochrane report, right?
The Cochrane report came out and there was pressure and they had to rewrite the conclusions.
But the conclusions was for respiratory illnesses that masks make no difference.
Hand washing is a moderate benefit.
And so
You know, yeah, the evidence should they to me that the evidence was clear before COVID.
It's the same after COVID hand washing.
Stay away from people.
If you're sick, that's the stay home.

[SPEAKER_14]
If you're sick, stay home.

[SPEAKER_06]
If you're sick, wash your hands.
You know, yeah, that's the same thing.

[SPEAKER_14]
Do the opposite of whatever the CDC says.

[SPEAKER_06]
It seems to me like the the lawsuit.
The law, the lawsuit should be moot.

[SPEAKER_14]
If you look at it's costing them lots of money to defeat that.
I mean, it's crazy.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_14]
And the city has infinite cash and they just don't give up.
It's, it's very troubling.

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, I think that that's, you know, that's part of it is when you have lawyers on staff, you can just do this and a church has to, you know, has to hire lawyers or get hopefully get some
I mean, we're in solidarity for them because actually I think that the churches that stayed open, that mental health of their congregations are good.
We were able to continue to go on.
So I'm just concerned as what you guys are going to talk about on the next section.
is that I'm starting to hear these hints like everybody else is about.
Are we going to are they going to try to remask?
Are they going to try to?
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_14]
Well, are they in in Maui?
Is there anything going on in terms of covid in Maui that they're going to use this as the fire as an excuse to restart everything?

[SPEAKER_06]
I'm not seeing any of that.
I have a pretty good sense of how much COVID there is.
There's a little blip up with COVID with the new variant that's coming through.
I think a lot of people are seeing that.
I'm not seeing any difference.
It's not like Delta.
Ever since Omicron came out, it's largely a febrile illness for two or three days maybe.
and then some sinus pressure, some maybe stroke congestion or pain, but really not going to the lungs like Delta did.
So it's sort of we've been treating this for a while and not really seeing anything that I would.
Well, for one, would masking help?
No.
The Cleveland study makes it pretty clear that vaccinations doesn't help.
It actually makes it worse.

[SPEAKER_14]
So I thought that was pretty clear, by the way.
Is there anybody who can dispute that Cleveland Clinic study?

[SPEAKER_06]
That was beautifully done with large numbers.
And and I don't know how you say that you would want to do.
I mean, zero was the best.
One was worse.
Two was even worse.

[SPEAKER_14]
More.
Right.
It was very clear and it was very consistent.
Exactly.
More vaccines, the worse it was.

[SPEAKER_06]
And it showed really nicely about natural immunity among different variants.
And if you had the, you know, early variants as things went on, you know, you see it.
If you had early, early, early COVID, the new variants are so different, they're almost like a different species, like, you know, they're so different that you didn't have immunity for that.
But your baseline immunity was enough to make the subsequent infections really not an issue.
So I'm used to seeing like, I know when it was bad.
And now when I see the patients with COVID in our clinic,
I can be very reassuring of the short nature that this lasts.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah.
So let me, I want to show you something here.
Can you see my screen share?

[SPEAKER_10]
Standby Steve.

[SPEAKER_14]
All right.
Livio is telling me to stand by Steve.
There you are.
All right.
So this is from the U.S. nursing home data.
Over 15,000 nursing homes reporting in their cases and and their their covid deaths.
And if you so this is the infection fatality rate.
It's currently at point zero to five.
as a ratio.
Okay, so it's so that would be point zero is like to 2% if you're in a nursing home you get COVID and that you'll die.
Okay.
And it peaked at 40% death rate.
40% guess.
Could you guess when this peak was?
I'll give you a hint.
The vaccine rolled out about somewhere around this.
Around here is when they started giving the vaccine.
This then is what happened after they started rolling out the vaccine to the elderly.
And then it peaked off because, you know, you can't sustain killing half the people.
So then it started falling again.
And then guess what?
Booster shot.
came here and then it started falling in.
So there was a natural curve of the infection fatality rate going down because basically COVID burned itself out.
It was the same variant here.
And so these could be a different variant and it could be rolled out to younger populations and whatnot.
But this was the huge thing.
When the vaccines rolled out at this point, the infection fatality rate, I mean 40% of the people who died died in nursing homes.
It was like ground zero, we gotta protect them.
So they rolled it out to nursing homes first.
So that was supposed to dramatically drop the infection fatality rate.
This thing should have gone down this way.
If the vaccines worked, it had to have gone down this way because it's still the same variant until Delta comes out somewhere around here.
Uh, so that it goes up.
There's only one explanation that, that I know of as to how we could roll out a vaccine that's supposed to reduce the IFR and the IFR doubles.
Can you guess why that is?

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, that goes along with the Cleveland data.
What you see with, with the Cleveland data was, uh, it was about infectivity.

[SPEAKER_14]
It was not death.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_14]
Okay.
So this is, these are deaths.
So you have a vaccine which when rolls out to people, it doubles their risk of dying from COVID.
It's in the numbers and they say, well, you shouldn't believe this.
because you shouldn't believe it.
I mean, it can't be accurate.
But everything, you know, this seems to make sense, right?
This is basically a declining curve and then a flat lines because everybody has pretty much been infected or gotten immunity from COVID.
So this is exactly what you expect to see.
This kind of thing.
Now there is this disturbance here due to the vaccine and due to the vaccine again.
But in general, it's going down.
And the only way it went the wrong way is when people intervened.
Nobody's seen this before, by the way.
People on this call are getting this for the first time.

[SPEAKER_10]
That's the one you were working on.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, this is what I've been working on for the last two days.
I had to teach myself how to use R. And this is actually this is Excel here.

[SPEAKER_10]
But we actually have to Steve, we have to move on to our next guest.
So I'm going to say thank you to Kirk for coming on before you leave before you leave Kirk.

[SPEAKER_14]
That graph, I mean, shouldn't anybody with a working brain say these vaccines were supposed to cause the slope to go down dramatically and the slope went up dramatically?
Isn't that kind of a smoking gun?

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, it's one of many.
Right, Steve?

[SPEAKER_14]
It's one of many, but, but you know, this one, they can't say, oh, there's an, oh, that's unreliable or they were reporting more.
I mean, there's no place to hide on this data.
This is the U S nursing home data.
This is ground zero.
You can't get any, anything better than that.
You can't get anything more primary than that directly reported by 15,000 nursing homes.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_14]
Okay.

[SPEAKER_10]
So before you go Kirk, we are going to actually have a benefit, a live streaming benefit for the for the Maui victims.
It'll be Saturday, September 2nd at 8 p.m. Eastern right here on our Rumble channel for one of a kind live music event to benefit the Maui fire victims.
We'll have live acoustic music.
We're recommending five dollars per attendee.
but feel free to donate whatever you can or want and 100% of the proceeds will go directly to the victims on the ground relief networks.
No bureaucratic overhead, just much needed funds straight to the victims.
So aloha is contagious, please bring as many friends as you can with you.
So we're gonna do our best to help on the ground.

[SPEAKER_06]
We will appreciate that help and we will make sure, at least our church and others, I know we're making sure that all of this is going right out to victims who have been impacted by this true tragedy on the island.

[SPEAKER_10]
So thank you, guys.
Yeah, thank you for coming on.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_06]
And I will say, I'm sorry, I'm not going to be around for the question and answers.
I've got to get back to to work.

[SPEAKER_10]
OK, I got you.
Appreciate your time.
All right, Steve, I'm going to bring on our next guest very quickly since we are running behind here.
Hello, Lucia.
How are you?
Welcome to VSRF Live.

[SPEAKER_00]
Hi, Livia.
Thanks for having me.
Hi, Steve.

[SPEAKER_10]
Hey.
I want to quickly read that you are a retired corporate securities attorney.
After becoming a mother, you turned your attention to fighting inequities in the California public school system for students with learning disabilities.
In 2021, you co-founded No College Mandates to help fight COVID vaccine mandates on college campuses across the United States.
You spoke at our Defeat the Mandates rally in LA.
I was there.
Awesome speech.
And you're here today to discuss the return of the mandates.
Where are we at?

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah, it's crazy.
And of course, you know, who, who easier to manipulate than captive college students, who easier to coerce, start wearing masks again, take more vaccines than this incredibly captive population, some of whom have paid hundreds of thousands of dollars in tuition.
The idea of just transfer, get out of there, don't go back.
It's not so easy for
for some of these students, some of them are in clinical rotations.
If they're healthcare majors, some of them are going into fourth year and they're being told, don't come back without more vaccines, don't come back without masks.

[SPEAKER_08]
That's crazy.

[SPEAKER_13]
So the good news is only one college so far that we know of has re-implemented mask mandates, a small HBCU college in Atlanta, Georgia.
There were some rumors that Rutgers brought back mask mandates.
There was a local report from a New Jersey television station.
That's not true from what my contacts are telling me, my faculty and student contacts.
But of course, Rutgers, it doesn't get any worse.
They started this whole thing with college vaccine mandates in March of 2021.
Um, and they have stated multiple times over and over again to us, um, to a variety of freedom fighting organizations on national TV, they will not end these mandates.
They will not end COVID-19 vaccine mandates, uh, for students or for faculty.

[SPEAKER_14]
They're just not going to do it until they're all dead.

[SPEAKER_13]
Well, you know, is that the goal?
I mean, these they're running clinical trials for Pfizer.
They know exactly what these vaccines are doing, not to mention, not to mention the students that have been injured and died in their community.
They know exactly what's going on.
Rutgers is a profit center.
It is not someplace that you go to get an education.

[SPEAKER_10]
I'm going to play a quick video that was on Fox.

[SPEAKER_14]
Do you think they'll all buckle?
Do you think we'll see this at Stanford and Harvard and other places?

[SPEAKER_13]
I don't think so, Steve.
I got to tell you, I mean, I think with all the outrage over how long it takes, first of all, mandates to begin with.
and then how long it took to get over these mandates.
And even people who aren't anti-mandate, don't want any more vaccines in the college community.
They're not super outspoken, but we're getting a lot of signals that the community is just done.
Even at Rutgers, they are done.
If you talk to faculty members and students, first of all, they're not wearing masks.
Most of them have complied.
They have no idea that incoming students that don't want to comply, that this is even an issue for them, because as far as they're concerned, the pandemic is over.
I don't think they're going to let it come back.
I don't know.
I don't have a crystal ball.
With the new variant vaccine that's coming out, what I think is going to happen is that the colleges that have remaining mandates like Rutgers, Harvard, Johns Hopkins, they're just going to change the bivalent requirement to the new variant vaccine requirement.
That's my belief.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah.
You know, I was just, uh, I don't know if you saw the graph I just showed.
Yes.
Did you see that?
I did.
You can see that COVID is no longer a problem.
That is, that is an up-to-date graph.

[SPEAKER_07]
Right.

[SPEAKER_14]
Basically burned itself out, but
You know, you can't be too careful, right?
Cause one COVID death is too many.
So we'll kill as many people as we need to in order to save that one COVID life.

[SPEAKER_13]
Exactly.

[SPEAKER_14]
Or just insane.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah, it's, it's, it's insane or, or save no lives where college students are concerned.
You'd be hard pressed to find one that died of COVID-19.
You'd be hard pressed to even find one that got severely ill.
So save what lives exactly?

[SPEAKER_14]
Right.
And they don't require the faculty to be vaccinated.
So I guess what they're doing is they're sacrificing the students or, you know, claiming to sacrifices and let's make sure the students so that the faculty who who know the vaccine isn't safe don't have to get vaccinated and will reduce the chance that will kill our unvaccinated faculty people.
I mean, it is so unbelievably stupid.
You can't give an intervention to someone and tell them to take it if it could kill them.

[SPEAKER_10]
Well, let's watch how it's being portrayed in the in the legacy media.
Take a look at this video.

[SPEAKER_02]
President Biden declared COVID over last year, but the media is begging for a comeback tour.

[SPEAKER_07]
COVID is making a comeback this summer, so many of us would like to leave it in the past, but cases are once again on the rise.

[SPEAKER_12]
Coronavirus cases on the rise.
Cases of COVID are once again on the rise.

[SPEAKER_02]
According to the CDC, they've gone up four weeks in a row.
But real data is the enemy of politicians seeking total control.
The less you know, the easier you are to subjugate.
There's even a college in Atlanta requiring students to wear a mask this semester.
The college hasn't reported a single case of COVID yet.
These are healthy 18-year-olds who are going to be wearing a mask in class and then making out all night.
And a major Hollywood movie studio in California, Lionsgate, is making their employees wear N95s.
In Los Angeles, you have a better chance of catching a bullet than a deadly strain of COVID.
But doctors who got rich and famous during the pandemic won't leave the limelight.
Beware the highly mutated strain.

[SPEAKER_12]
The CDC announced a highly mutated strain of COVID has just shown up in Michigan, BA 2.86.
How concerned does the public need to be?

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, right now, I've talked to a number of virologists who are usually pretty staid, and they're pretty concerned about this.
But to, again, put this in perspective, this new variant is as genetically different from Omicron as Omicron was from the original strain that emerged in Wuhan.
So this is a highly mutated variant.

[SPEAKER_12]
There is a booster shot that I know Pfizer has talked about coming to market soon.
It's still not available.
When do we expect it and does it protect against these variants?

[SPEAKER_08]
So by the time these are out in September, consumers will know how well it covers that new variant.
We'll also probably know whether or not it's spreading.

[SPEAKER_12]
And Moderna has one.
And Pfizer.

[SPEAKER_08]
And Novavax as well.

[SPEAKER_10]
They're anticipating this outbreak and they have the solution at hand.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah, and Jesse made such a phenomenal point there about there are so many people that profited and got rich off of this pandemic.
Rutgers is no exception to that rule.
Not only do they run clinical trials for all three big pharma manufacturing companies that manufacture COVID-19 vaccines,
But I shared with Livio earlier, Steve, they've had years of this fellowship program where they take Rutgers students from a variety of different departments from pharmacology, oncology, internal medicine, biostatistics,
And they basically provide them fully funded by Pfizer, a fast track to becoming paid industry shills.
This is not education.
This is fully funded indoctrination.
Make no mistake about it.
One of the early applicants and attendees of this fellowship, one of the early award recipients stated in an article, and Rutgers has this all on their website.
You can search it on their website.
They boast about it.
They're proud of it.
This guy said that he's a biostatician and he said 75 percent or more of his classmates and that fellowship will go on to work at Pfizer or other big pharmaceutical companies.

[SPEAKER_14]
Say that percentage again.

[SPEAKER_13]
75.

[SPEAKER_14]
That's what I thought you said.
75.
That is stunning.

[SPEAKER_13]
This is not, this is not, and how don't ordinary people see this, right?
How don't they say, you know, they're just, they're, they're praising Pfizer.
We would never have this fellowship if it weren't for Pfizer.
And the whole thing is just, it's such a charade.
It's such, it's just the most unbelievably shocking, you know,

[SPEAKER_14]
It's not as I'll tell you something, it's even more shocking that there's other people doing research study on something related to the vaccine.
I'm not supposed to say what it is.
And it's like they basically don't want them to say anything because their results are going to be to tell the truth about the vaccine is going to show it's kind of injuring people.
And so it's just amazing what the university is officially doing to silence these people and make sure they don't speak out.

[SPEAKER_10]
Our VSRF team just shared a story with me on CNN.
I want to share this screen here.
Kentucky school districts cancel classes less than two weeks into school year due to COVID-19 viruses and strep outbreaks.

[SPEAKER_13]
Unbelievable.

[SPEAKER_10]
It's happening in real time right now.
Yep.
I don't.

[SPEAKER_13]
Unbelievable.

[SPEAKER_14]
The fear is back.

[SPEAKER_13]
The fear is back.

[SPEAKER_14]
The fear is back.
Well, that could be that could be the new.
We should have a T-shirt.
That's right.
The fear is back.
I think that would be a good that people would buy that.

[SPEAKER_13]
We're going to let's let's just when you thought it was safe to go back into the water.

[SPEAKER_10]
Exactly.
So let's bring on Dr. Robert Sieck to see what he thinks we should be doing during the fall school year.
Hello, Dr. Sieck.
Welcome back to the program.

[SPEAKER_09]
Good evening, there you go, the second try with the microphone at work.
Thanks for having me on again.
Glad to be back.

[SPEAKER_10]
Good sound.
Yeah, great sound.
Right.
So what's your take on all of this, these variants or this new variant spreading?
What are you seeing on the street?
Are people coming to you for help?
What's happening?

[SPEAKER_09]
Just in the last two weeks at my pharmacy, I own a compounding pharmacy in Las Vegas, Nevada.
I'm actually trained and certified in infectious disease.
And I managed clinical trials in the biotech industry for 10 years in infectious disease.
So the things that you were talking about, I'm very familiar with.
And I used to think that managing clinical trials was a pure pursuit in the industry.
But it was not, it's commercial.
And I'm here with my compounding pharmacy.
And to answer your question, this is what I'm seeing in the last two weeks.
I've seen an uptick in people who are interested in prevention measures and maybe people who are overreacting, in my opinion, to some symptoms they might get that are the upper respiratory symptoms.
Okay.
And I'm happy to have a pharmacy that dispenses ivermectin, hydroxychloroquine.
I am a telehealth partner with the wellness company.
We also have a number of people, since we've talked about disaster recently, the wellness company offers an emergency preparedness kit of various antibiotics.
Because what if you are in an area that is stricken by a storm or some other disaster, and you don't even have access to a telehealth provider, you can't get shipments?
So
A number of people have looked at that, but the number one thing that I would have to say to the audience, and I think why you brought me on board, is what can we do to boost our immunity as we move into the fall?
We have less sunlight, we hear about variants spreading, and I'm a huge advocate for putting the body in a position to have the best defense possible.
And what we learned from COVID, which applies to many types of upper respiratory viruses, is that there are some key nutrients that really, really matter.
Your vitamin D status, magnesium enhances the function of vitamin D. These are important, crucial vitamins and minerals.
These help prevent COVID.
And if you happen to get COVID, make it less severe.
You can get over it quickly.
And in fact, there are European studies that have shown with
high dose vitamin D and there's different protocols up to 50,000 or even 150,000 units a day for three days.
There's better outcomes for upper respiratory tract infections than there are with say using azithromycin and antibiotic is the vast majority of the infections are indeed viral in nature.
So I've just seen an increase in the alert level
I don't have any reason to tell you with walk-in customers or call-in customers that actual severity and spread of disease, upper respiratory disease, is alarming right now.
It's just people are alarmed.
I think they're scared.
And what I encourage them to do is get your vitamin D, get out in the sun if you can.
You asked me to talk about what are the best health tips.
Humans can get out in the sun and make 137 units per square inch of skin per hour of vitamin D. You can get it for free.
Exposing your arms and necks aren't enough, so if you get out with your torso and thighs exposed in the morning or evening sun preferred, you can make a substantial amount of vitamin D.
You enhance its effect with magnesium and vitamin A, because there are studies that show magnesium status mattered when it came to who was stricken with COVID and who got it and had more severe disease.
These are some of the key things.
And while I like working with the wellness company, you can tell I'm a pharmacist in recovery.
OK, I didn't learn this stuff in pharmacy school.
This is I went and got a fellowship degree.
So those are the letters after the doctor of pharmacy.
I'm a fellow in metabolic and nutritional medicine because we can dramatically reduce, if not eliminate, the need for many or most prescription drugs if we just have a good, healthy lifestyle.
So those nutrients are crucial.
And the free things are the sunlight and get out and walk barefoot on the ground.
There's a number of adjuncts that help patients with COVID like antioxidants, right?
Oxidative stress and inflammation are linked.
And one of the most efficient ways to reduce free radicals, which is what antioxidants do, is walk the ground barefoot, which is free.
Grounding.
Yeah, those are some tips I have for you.

[SPEAKER_14]
So I question, did you say you had some sort of pack of, is it nutraceuticals or is it prescription drugs that you can get in case you get sick?

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, along with the wellness company as chief of integrated therapeutics, we're coming out with additional packs.
We have one that's available for purchase right now as a kit.
It is all antibiotics.
It's all prescription.
OK, so it's the it's the emergency kit and what you would do.
I can't pull it up, but you'd go under virtual care and click at the bottom medical emergency kits.

[SPEAKER_10]
I believe this is it right here on the screen now.
The wellness company medical emergency kit.

[SPEAKER_09]
That's right.
And so this is the first of several kits that we're developing.
We're looking at a COVID prevention kit, but also a COVID emergency kit, because early treatment is crucial.
And in that kit, we're talking about having a combination.
This is why it's integrated of therapeutics, hydroxychloroquine, ivermectin.
Perhaps one or both will be used depending on the practitioner's recommendation.
But we're also going to talk about nutrients and supplements, which the wellness company sells a number of high quality supplements.
You asked me about kids.
I have two kids.
They are homeschooled.
OK, I really like that.
It's my wife's full time job is homeschooling the boys, but we keep them healthy because my boys are accustomed to using supplements.
And he talked about the kids program and we have some chewable products with the wellness company, some gummies that are easy for kids, anything from just
keeping their immune system boosted with vitamin C or elderberry, a multivitamin.
We even have a spike product for kids, which is a combination of ingredients.
These are all non-prescription.
All of the supplements and nutrients from the Wells company are non-prescription that inhibit the binding of spike protein to the ACE receptor.
They help break down that spike protein with proteolytic enzymes.
There's also antioxidants and polyphenols that inhibit viral replication.
So I really like working with the company because my recovery from my days in industry has made me passionate about helping people with natural health.
And we integrate.
We're going to see in the future a lot of repurposed, old, cheap drugs.
And you can go to PubMed right now and look at ivermectin beyond its antiviral effects, how ivermectin can break down microtubules that form solid tumor cancers.
This research is just beginning and I'm glad to participate and see that we're going to incorporate more of this into what we know in medicine.

[SPEAKER_14]
So I'm curious about the prescription one that are actual drugs for treating something you may come down with.
Is there an extra fee for getting the prescription to get those, or do you include it in the cost of the product?

[SPEAKER_09]
There's one fee.
So the one fee with the kit, this all goes to the wellness company and the wellness company has members for their wellness group.
So all members get, you know, everybody gets the newsletter.
They can get discounts on on supplements.
And for example, this antibiotic emergency kit is two ninety nine for nine members, two forty nine for members.
And that's one fee that includes the consult.
and it includes all the medications that are listed on the website.
So they're all anti-infective.
So we have several antibiotics.
We also have one anti-fungal.
So those who know, sometimes a rebound effect of prescription antibiotic, it could be a fungal infection, perhaps a yeast infection for the women.
So we want to address that.
And nausea and vomiting
have to be addressed sometimes as well when people are really sick.
So we have a few doses of a prescription anti-nausea.
We have talked about also natural kits to do the same.
We're working on them and I'm glad you mentioned it because it signals to me and the wellness company, if your audience and you as the hosts ask for certain things like can we have a natural infection prevention kit,
Yeah, we're we're working on it.
It's logistics takes time to put things together.
But that's definitely on the list, an all natural kit for immune support.

[SPEAKER_10]
Fantastic.
I want to share one thing before we go to Q&A, and that is something that the VSRF is working on, which is the we will never comply booklet.
We're not going to sit by and let them reinstitute mandates across America.
VSRF is putting together a field guide that we can put in the hands of every family in the country as soon as possible so that we can all resist any mandates that affect us at home, school, work, leisure, travel, churches, anywhere and everywhere.
We will never comply and we will not go back.
We are currently raising money to produce this guide and we will have more details on this next week on the show.
Let's move on to Q&A and I'll start with a question for Lucia.
This is from Lisa 3177.
Is there something we can do to let the colleges that are requiring vaccines know that we are against them?
Is there contact information on your website?

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah, so we've got spreadsheets on our website and the spreadsheets give you the status
of what every college, or at least 800 plus of the top colleges in the United States, what their history of mandates is or was, when they implemented them, when they dropped them, how many are required, if it's only students, faculty, and then you can get to links to those colleges, get to contact information, bombard them, just go crazy.
I mean, if you look on our website, we have a Linux you can sign, we've got sample letters on our sub stack,
The more you call, email, register how upset you are with these policies, the more these insults have effect on these colleges.
So everybody should be doing this on a daily basis.
We have volunteers doing this on a daily basis with the colleges that are still mandating.
We're around 86 to 88 that are left mandating.
We came down from over a thousand colleges.
in fall of 2021 that we're mandating COVID-19 vaccines.
So we're, you know, we, we, we're almost there, but you know, I'm not satisfied till they're all gone.

[SPEAKER_10]
I have a followup.
How do you talk to your kids who are attending college and just want to fit in and they succumbed at peer pressure?
and they go ahead and just comply, even though in my case, I'm speaking from personal experience, I've hammered them in a polite way as much as I can with information.
What do you recommend with talking to your, your, it's such a, such a great question.

[SPEAKER_13]
I literally get that this exact question on a weekly basis and I can tell you a story of what I did for my own son.
He's a,
sophomore Dartmouth college and he was so angry at me when he was graduating high school and he was prevented from going to all the graduation parties and showing up at events because he had no vaccine card that he could show to get in.
And he finally came to me one night and he's this really chill kid, super cerebral, and he just started screaming at me.
And I was like, all right, I can see that you're upset.
So here's what I'm going to do.
I'm going to print out
I'm going to print out 10 things for you to read and they're going to be equally weighted.
Five on the pro vaccine side and five on the anti vaccine for your age group.
What I could find at the time.
And he went and locked himself in his room for two hours and he came out and he said, mom, there is no way I will ever take those vaccines.
Thank you so much.
I don't care if I miss every party.
I don't care if they cancel me.
I'm not doing it.
That's my best piece of advice because it worked with my kid.
I don't know if it'll work with every kid out there, but we've got so much more data now so we can give them so much more material and then tell them to do their own research and empower them to get there on their own, right?

[SPEAKER_09]
Lucia, I put in our group chat something for you since you were talking about masks because despite the fact that my two boys, my wife, our sons are homeschooled, we still went to the school board meetings in Clark County here in Vegas and spoke up for our
friends who have kids and they don't have the option to homeschool.
I brought the data with me.
I mean, there's been more data since I spoke, which was years ago.
And what did I show consistently?
Because in the world of clinical trials, when I can keep reproducing the same results across different studies, that's a powerful data set.
And what kept me reproduced with the mask studies, as you know, you actually increase infection risk for the wearer.
You have other negative health effects.
Let's talk about the dental effects.
OK, you know that's coming.
But you also increase the risk of infection spread when you wear the mask.
You increase the radius of particle dispersion.
And I've had many of the school boards and parents that were mask advocates look at me like I didn't know what I was talking about.
No, nobody cared about the data.
But I got it out there.
You gave the data to your son.
It's astounding.

[SPEAKER_13]
It's the best we can do.
And we've done the same thing with the colleges.
We've given them every study that there is, and usually they ignore us.
And sometimes they say, thank you very much.
We'll consider your input.
And then we never hear from them again.

[SPEAKER_10]
Steve, have you seen the video?

[SPEAKER_14]
At least they're going to consider your input.
That's better than not considering your input.
At least they're not telling you to piss off or something like that.
Oh, yeah.

[SPEAKER_13]
We've gotten that too, Steve.
We've gotten that too.

[SPEAKER_10]
Steve have you seen the video with Dell big tree and his son and doing a mass test?

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_10]
Oh, yeah I'm gonna share this with the audience because I found this fascinating

[SPEAKER_11]
This is my son, Ever.
Ever is 11 years old.
And here in Texas, the mandate right now is that 10 and over have got to wear a mask.
Ever has to wear a mask wherever we go.
And so we bought this thing this week.
This measures the amount of CO2.
that's in the air.
Can we just look at the ocean numbers?
Carbon dioxide levels and potential health problems are indicated below.
From 250 to 350 is the background normal outdoor level.
350 to 1000 ppm typical level found in occupied spaces with good air exchange.
1000 to 2000 levels associated with complaints of drowsiness and poor air.
Obviously I don't want ever to have drowsiness or poor air.
2005,000 levels associated with headaches, sleepiness, and stagnant stale, stuffy air, poor concentration, loss of attention, increased heart rate, and slight nausea may also be present.
And then 5,000 ppm or more.
This indicates unusual air conditions where high levels of the other gases also could be present.
Toxicity or oxygen deprivation could occur, meaning do not hit 5,000.

[SPEAKER_10]
All right, here we go.

[SPEAKER_11]
Right now we're at 848.
So I'm gonna go ahead and just insert this right, like as he did, right underneath and try and keep it, that feels pretty tight right there, right?
Okay, so you can breathe naturally.
Let's just see what happens.
Okay.
All right, so we're at 1,367.
We've already just passed two.
So now we're in the place where he can be having headaches.
He can be, oh, we're at 3,786.
Look at this.
We've just passed 5,000.
Now we're in the toxic level.
Right now we can be doing this.
7,000 inside this mass of the CO2.
8,000 parts per million.
And now this thing's gone off the Richter scale, folks.
It can't even register how high the CO2 levels are inside.
And look how many seconds that was.
All right.

[SPEAKER_00]
Can I just?

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, you want to take that off?

[SPEAKER_10]
and I'll try to find the link before the show's over.
Steve, you're muted again.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, he almost died doing that.
Yeah, it was not good.

[SPEAKER_10]
Let me move on to it.
How many seconds was that?
It was like 15 seconds, 20 seconds, maybe 30 tops.

[SPEAKER_14]
That's what you do to your kid.
I mean, he basically risked his life to do that for the show.
I mean, they could put him in jail for doing that, you know, unnecessarily risking someone's life to do a demo on TV.
But of course, master perfectly safe and effective.
So I guess that there's no chance of that happening.
But you know, it almost wouldn't surprise me if they they try to get criminal charges against Dell for doing an experiment like that on his child.
But it would, of course, destroy the variant.
It would be counter to the variant if they did that.
That's right.
The narrative.

[SPEAKER_10]
I've got variants on my mind.
I got a question for Dr. Seek.
BigBear-088 asks, can you discuss the protocols for nasal spray plus gargling to stop the virus early?

[SPEAKER_09]
You know that's a good question because the sinuses the throat these are common areas where the virus will begin to replicate so we would call that a reservoir.
So if you there are various options that are available.
I use a website that I refer people to so that I tell them hey it's not it's not just me.
It's FLCCC.net.
And under early treatment protocol, you can find various options for even using standard antiseptic mouth washes to address that reservoir.
But I'll share with your viewers this.
This is non-prescription solution.
And it's the most common one that I recommend.
And I found it to be effective, but it was just because all the ingredients were easy for me to get at the pharmacy.
And this is available over the counter.
povidone iodine.
So povidone iodine, which can be used for wounds, can be diluted.
You can use distilled water or sterile water if you can get it, water previously boiled.
And what you do is, I recommend to other people, what you typically do is take one and a half tablespoons, which is 25 milliliters, of the 10% povidone iodine solution.
That's what's commonly available over the counter.
You can do this today.
and you get a 250 milliliter nasal irrigation bottle.
These are also available at any pharmacies.
I use one called Nellie Med.
So you fill the bottle to the top with distilled or the sterile water, or previously boiled water, ideally that distilled water, and then you add that iodine.
So you add the iodine into the bottle first, I'm sorry, and then you fill it with the distilled water.
That gives you your 1% iodine solution.
Tilt your head back and put four to five drops in each nostril.
This isn't the gargle, but this is in each nostril.
Keep your head tilted back for a few minutes
And that iodine has direct impact.
It is directly antiviral and antimicrobial.
It's also antifungal.
It burns a little bit.
Okay.
So, so just be prepared for that.
It burns a little bit and there's other options as well.
Uh, you can find several products that are throat sprays that'll have lemon to kind of mask, uh, the taste of, uh, there's some other natural products there too.
So I don't know if you can pull up the FLCCC site.
Uh, give me a second.
FLCCC.net.
So it actually changed the COVID-19 critical care.
Yeah, treatment protocols, early treatment or prevention.
Because the earlier you can address this, and I have a son with a sore throat right now.

[SPEAKER_10]
Great, yeah, if you all go to the FLCCC website at covid19criticalcare.com.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, there is a commercial product that's available as well.
I stocked it for a while.
It just didn't sell, but it's called Co-Fix RX.
Yeah, and they have to.

[SPEAKER_14]
That's the expensive version of what you just described.

[SPEAKER_09]
Exactly.
So I gave you the recipe for how to make it for free at home.
Okay, 25 mls.

[SPEAKER_14]
That is product is very expensive.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, it's very expensive at 25 bucks, they have a throat spray.
So you know, you can just copy the ingredients and find something cheaper.
There's plenty of natural solutions.
But I've had a number of people just tell me based on that recommendation, they really felt like they
knocked out the virus quickly.
They did get a little upper respiratory, but it was gone quickly.
Why?
Because that iodine attacked the primary reservoir of the virus.
So despite the discomfort, the brief discomfort associated with the iodine drops was very effective.
So free recipe for everyone.
I hope that answers the question.

[SPEAKER_10]
There's a follow up here from Janet that says, what if you have Graves and cannot take iodine?
What nasal spray do you recommend?

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, so there's Zicam nasal spray.
So now we have to go to a zinc nasal spray.
There are recipes you can find online to use low and comfortable doses of hydrogen peroxide.
So yeah, she's right.
That's a good question.
And thanks for pointing that out, because that is not a recommendation to use the iodine for patients with Graves disease.

[SPEAKER_10]
Great, thanks for clarifying.
Steve, I have a question from Hooligan.
Masks increase the risk of radial dispersion.
Is there a paper with that research for the audience to access?

[SPEAKER_01]
Probably.

[SPEAKER_09]
I put it in the chat.
I put it in the chat, Steve, and I'll send it to you directly.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_14]
I mean, it makes total sense, right?
Because normally, it's almost like you don't need a paper on this.
Normally, the airflow is just directed straight in front of you.
And with a mask on, what happens is that the airflow has to go somewhere.
So the only way it can go is out this way, up this way, out that way, and up that way.
And so it's spreading it out more.
It's basically spreading it out on both sides of you instead of in front of you.
So yeah, I mean, it's it's intuitively obvious as we used to say at MIT.

[SPEAKER_09]
It's a long message I put in the chat with a number of references.
It's in there.
And that phenomenon you were talking about, Steve, is called the backwards leakage jet.
So the best way that I described that is if you take a garden hose that doesn't have a nozzle on it, the water flows out, but it doesn't go very far.
But if you put your thumb over the end of the garden hose, the flow rate did not change.
Exactly.
The backwards leakage jet increases the radius of particle dispersion.

[SPEAKER_10]
Lucia, I have a interesting question for you from Macadoo57.
Do you think that the new variant was released so that the new boosters could be released?
Directed at you.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah, directed at me.
I might need everybody to weigh in on this.
I try to just sort of stick with what we know.
I mean, I've got a lot of theories and a lot of opinions and
Before COVID, I wasn't a huge conspiracy theorist, but it's hard not to be one when they all come true.
I don't know if I really have any opinion on that.
All I know is this has to end.
And if every time we have a new variant, we're going to get a new variant vaccine, which is already outdated by the time the variant gets here, we need to crack this wide open.
Enough is enough.

[SPEAKER_10]
Steve, what are your thoughts?
The question was, do you think the new variant was released so that the new boosters could be released?

[SPEAKER_14]
You know, if you believe the Pfizer video, then it makes perfect sense.
Who knows, right?
I mean, these variants, Scott Gottlieb said, oh, this thing doesn't look anything like Omicron.
It's just completely different from Omicron as it can be.
In other words, he's saying that, well, they released another variant that's manmade because this one didn't happen naturally because otherwise it would be very similar to the old ones.

[SPEAKER_10]
The FLCCC last night showed a TED talk from a chief scientific officer from Moderna.
It was given in April of 2022, and she was talking about how fast they can create and get approval, and it was under an hour.
for a mRNA vaccine to treat all these different ailments.
And the audience was applauding and she was so proud of how fast they can create these new treatments.
Yep, it's amazing.

[SPEAKER_14]
Science at work.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, if I could give you a comment about this, which is a larger game, you know, to answer your question, I don't know for sure if that is the case, but I can tell you that vaccine sales are down dramatically, 90% from their peak right now.
And this may be something, so there's an obviousness.
So sometimes in the world of clinical research, we have the obviousness test.
So it's obvious that this is beneficial, the rollout of the variant, whether or not it's intentional.
But in 2003, I wrote a book, which I never published for my MBA, all about the patent cliff in the pharmaceutical industry.
So what it summarizes, in 2003, I noticed that by 2010, 18 of the top 20 selling drugs of all time would be off patent.
These are small molecules, drugs you can swallow.
So think about that.
All your antidepressants, all of your cholesterol drugs,
All of patent even even your erectile dysfunction drugs coming off patent your PPI proton pump inhibitors.
They're over the counter now as Prilosec and I theorize that the pharmaceutical industry was going to have to turn to much larger more complex molecules because we don't need the next proton pump inhibitor.
So what we have cheap generics that work.
We don't need the next
HMG CoA reductase inhibitor for cholesterol, they work.
The drug industry would have to go to immune response modifiers, which we see on, what you see on commercials is what's profitable for the drug companies.
Humira, Enbrel, Cosentix, these are injected drugs because the proteins are enormous.
I didn't predict at the time, although I knew vaccines would be part of the program, I had no comprehension whatsoever of the push and the mega billions that the industry would use to not only replace
those drugs that went off patent, the vaccines and immune response modifiers, but dramatically supersede the revenue from some of these previous drugs.
So again, is there an economic motivation to all of this?
Absolutely.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, what a surprise.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, not surprising at all.
Another question for you, Dr. Seek.
This is from KBUSA1.
Have you used collodial silver for this?
I have heard that it is good to use up your nose and swallow too.

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, as a pharmacist, have I used colloidal silver personally?
Yes.
Remember, I'm not a treating practitioner.
I don't prescribe.
I make recommendations.
And I also consult with physicians that need to design a therapeutic regimen.
I carry in my pharmacy one colloidal silver line.
They don't call it a nasal spray, but it's available in a vertical sprayer.
So there must be some kind of FTC regulation on what colloidal silver companies can claim and how you use the product.
A vertical sprayer is definitely meant to be used intranasally.
And there's clinical data that shows this about colloidal silver, whether it's intranasal or an oral product.
Colloidal silver has been shown to reduce what we call the minimum inhibitory concentration for bacteria for the use of antibiotics.
In other words, it makes the bacteria more sensitive to the antibiotics that you might be taking.
And colloidal silver also does indeed have an impact on other infectious pathogens like viruses and fungi.
So silver.
Gosh, I can't remember the name.
I think it's silver wings is the name of the product line that I carry.
And it's just because, you know, that I screen all of these.
No, I think it's a good product line.
They have a good now.
It's not silver wings.
I'll have to get the
I have to get the name for you.
I'm sorry, I don't recall it.
I can see the bottle, but I'm not in my shop right now.
But there is a vertical sprayer.
And is it something that I would recommend?
You know, when you're ill and you're worried about an upper respiratory tract infection, I don't see the downside of using colloidal silver.
It's been available for decades.
No history of serious adverse events.
There's no negative impact like iodine would have on, say, a Graves disease patient.

[SPEAKER_14]
Is there positive benefit?
Is there proof of a benefit?

[SPEAKER_09]
There's some proof.
Is there directly proof of a benefit with a colloidal silver nasal spray?
If there's data that's available on that, I just haven't seen it.
Do I feel comfortable enough in making a recommendation that it's worthy of trying?
Yes, because there's no downside.
But there is data that colloidal silver is potently antimicrobial.
And oral doses, where the data is, shows that it is effective at reducing bacterial resistance to antibiotic.
It helps fight infection.

[SPEAKER_13]
Thank you.
I had another question along this line.
What about HOH?
Is it HOCL?
Would that be another potential if you're allergic to iodine in a spray?

[SPEAKER_09]
HOCL.
I'll be honest, I don't know what that abbreviation is for.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah, um, so let's see, I think if I'm not wrong, um, you know what, we, we, we can move on.
Um, then I thought maybe it would might, might be something you, you'd heard about.
I think it's, it's part of Dr. Clinghart's protocol.
Um, and, um, and anyway, I just thought it would be interesting if it was something, I think it's like a,
hydrochlorous acid.
Am I saying that right?

[SPEAKER_09]
Hypochlorous.
Oh, you are.
It's hypochlorous.
You know, I'm not familiar with it.
I'm not familiar with it, but I have been to a Cling Art's clinic in the state of Washington.
I've met the man that is an erudite fellow.
If he makes the recommendation, I would listen.
This is going to put me Lucia to look into it.

[SPEAKER_02]
Oh, good.

[SPEAKER_09]
And they and the colloidal silver product it is called I'll put it in the group chat.
The company is called Silver Wings.
And their website is npswsilver.com.
It's the only colloidal silver product that I carry.
I haven't compared it to any others.
They have a good range, including that vertical sprayer.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yep.

[SPEAKER_10]
Excellent.
Well, I do have one last question that'll help for Lucia, which is where can, this is from NK1614, where can we find all the information to present to our jobs on masks not working?
I have a feeling my work will require masks again.
I think they're referring to what you were sharing earlier.

[SPEAKER_14]
Boy, you know, if you can find out about that JAMA study and how that JAMA study is incorrect, that would be great.
There's an article on my sub stack that has lots of information on mass.
If you just search, if you go to my sub stack and type in Bangladesh, you'll get tons of info.
Yeah, you can use it against anyone.
It's a treasure trove of collection against mass.
And there's an excellent book on mass as well, which I have on my bookshelf and I'll grab that and just show people in a second.

[SPEAKER_13]
And I would agree with Steve to go to his substack because our work at No College Mandates is really focused on college COVID-19 vaccine mandates.
And it's not that masks aren't horrendous.
We just chose the vaccine sort of angle to be our main focus because we were just seeing so many injuries and so many deaths and we knew we needed to work hard to put an end to it.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.
Thank you for keeping that focus because I do feel like that's a breeding ground for mind control down there in the college campuses.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yep.
Yep.
Absolutely.

[SPEAKER_10]
Absolutely.
I think that we've come to the end of the Q and a segment.
I want to thank you both Lucia and Dr. Seek for coming on tonight.
It's been a pleasure having you.
Oh, there it is.
There's the book.
Who's the author, Steve?

[SPEAKER_09]
It's Judy Mikevitz and Kent.
I can't see it.

[SPEAKER_10]
It's the close up of Steve here.
Oh, he walked away.
But I wanted to remind everyone that another way you can help the VSRF is through our shop.
You can go to our website and purchase and I've got I'm wearing a shirt tonight.
a defeat the mandates.
So we do have our defeat the mandates shirts and all the other great t-shirts, cups, towels.
So make a donation.
We are a 501 3C and we rely on your support and thank you for all the support that came in this week specifically as they're ramping up the mandates and we're just going to say, no, we're not going to tolerate it.
And also next week we have a interview that Steve just did with and we're going to play it next week with Mike Eden.
And it is a fascinating, fantastic interview.
So next week we will premiere that recorded interview with Steve and Mike Eden.
So be sure to join us again next week.
Any parting thoughts, Steve, Lucia, Dr. Seek?
Before we go.

[SPEAKER_09]
Stay healthy, get in the sun, walk the ground, have a positive outlook and you've already started your immune defense and say no to the mandates.
I love that shirt, Livio.
I want to see a lot of people wearing it.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, thank you.

[SPEAKER_13]
Absolutely.
And I would say go to our website at nocollegemandates.com and
Find our list, especially of over 500 colleges that never mandated COVID-19 vaccines and encourage everybody you know to attend these colleges.
They need to be the future leaders of higher education.

[SPEAKER_10]
All right.
And Steve, any parting thoughts?
You've said enough.
Well, I'm going to end tonight's show with a little ditty, a little song from an artist in Hawaii named Paul Isaac.
And he's an incredible musician.
It's IZAC.
And he's got a little song that he did for the fire victims.
And I'm trying to actually get him on our benefit next week.
So thank you all.
Have a great evening.
And I'll leave you with this.
Good night, everyone.

[SPEAKER_00]
Thanks, Livio.

[SPEAKER_10]
Thanks, Livio.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_03]
My heart aches for the families who've lost, for an island that's grieving, for a town with such history and meaning.
Community in Hawaii always comes together to support one another.
In the times when we truly need each other The people come first The people make the place And no fire can erase A culture that stands by its people Aloha spirit is how we can heal Through these ashes and pain Rebuild and rise again
Healing from this is going to take time So let our Aloha shine Sending healing prayers from our hearts and minds Processing grief comes in different ways So in the days to come
It's important to share love and compassion And let's keep these lands in the people of Lahaina's hands So when we rebuild, we support the vision of the people Aloha spirit is how we can heal through these ashes and pain
Aloha spirit is how we can heal Through these ashes and pain Rebuild and rise again Rebuild and rise again Lahaina will rise again Kula will rise again
Maui will rise again.

[SPEAKER_04]
My love to all the families in Maui who are experiencing loss.
We grieve with you.
We send our love in aloha.
In the spirit of aloha.
is inspiring a global audience right now to tune in to an island that needs support, that needs love.
Setting the foundation with aloha ʻāina and the spirit of aloha.
Much love to you all.
Aloha always.
