[SPEAKER_04]
Lahaina is not for sale tears in my eyes oh where do we start it seems like everything is
blue canvas sky but something painted it dark from the ashes there will grow our garden of hearts there was no warning, no alarm lost everything but not our faith in God
That's why he sent his only son To save this holy ground we're standing on So won't you stand with a line of honor A million tears for you
until the skies are blue something just ain't right the way they cover their own seems like they wanted this land all
Put a dollar sign on everything we own Oh, Mr. Greed, just know you reap what you sow So won't you stand with the line?
tears for you won't you stand with the light in the water until the skies are blue whoa whoa whoa
The hyena is not for sale Woah, woah Woah, woah Woah Save the cakey Woah, woah
The hyena's not for sale Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Won't you stand with the line of honor Until the skies are blue

[SPEAKER_03]
There is an axis called the HPA axis.
That's the hypothalamus acting on the pituitary gland and then acting on the adrenal glands.

[SPEAKER_05]
The adrenal glands, and we have two of them, one is a pyramid in shape and the other is crescent in shape, and they lay right over the tops of the kidneys.
They're very important glands.
You can remove a thyroid gland or gonadal hormones like ovaries and testes.
And you won't be a happy camper, but you can live.
You remove both adrenal glands, very likely not live very long.
You want to make sure that you're eating very clean, organic, lots of fruits and vegetables.
Don't carve out, reduce simple sugars.
Those are poison to the system.
And there are many, many diets out there.
I don't have a favorite one because everyone's different, but find the diet that works best for you.
to keep your adrenals and your thyroid and all your other hormones in perfect balance.

[SPEAKER_01]
Hello, everyone.

[SPEAKER_03]
Nice to see you.
So you have been working with the Global Health Project for the past year and you recently produced the Save Maui benefit concert.
And if you tune in a little early, you saw Jimmy Levy performing from that benefit concert on our VSRF channel.
It's great to have you on, Jeannie.

[SPEAKER_02]
It's great to be back with you guys.
Thank you for having me.

[SPEAKER_03]
So I want to know, how did you get, how did GHP get involved with this Save Maui project?
And can you also tell us a little bit of background on GHP again, the Global Health Project?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yes.
Glad to.
Thank you so much.
So Global Health Project, we're a pretty new organization.
We just really got off the ground this year.
We're a group of doctors, scientists, business leaders, concerned citizens.
who wanted to take a very non-political, non-partisan lens on what's going on with corruption in the US healthcare system.
So we launched a series of really amazing videos of doctors who had been involved in the COVID, you know, the early days of COVID treating people, saw the madness and expressed really deep regrets about what they did and how they handled things.
And so essentially we started with those videos to try to connect with the public and just have that conversation, not inflammatory, not making accusations, but just starting the conversation so that people can begin to feel free to talk about their concerns.
And we started at that point, but to answer probably the next question about what does that have to do with Maui,
You know, our lens on just general corruption, we realize it goes way beyond just the medical system, as we all know.
And in the days following the Maori disaster, you know, all of the team were kind of looking at the news, looking at the situation.
We were just sort of shocked by how little coverage this whole thing was getting.
And when you compare it to like, say, Hurricane Katrina or 9-11 or anything else that we've gone through, it was like, honestly, the silence was deafening.
So we started to kind of feel like this was oddly eerily similar to a lot of what's really going on with COVID and the cover up of so many of the problems and the destruction there.
So kind of like in the way we're living now with everything, you know, we're no longer sitting around waiting for the government to step in, because even when they do, we all know it tends to be pretty laughable and for PR purposes only.
So we said, let's just get together.
Let's get anybody we can on board that's willing to bring sort of awareness and sort of a lens to this crisis and see what we can do, what we can raise for the people.

[SPEAKER_03]
And so then you decided to have a benefit concert.
And how did you go about approaching the artists?
And was it hard, difficult, easy?
Did they say, how did you choose or find these wonderful musicians?

[SPEAKER_02]
So, you know, luckily in this movement, we have like a ton of, as you know, super crazy, talented people, you know, everything from folk to grunge to trance.
I mean, there was like somebody for everybody.
And so we really wanted to put on a concert that, you know, everyone could relate to one of the artists and whatever it was they were into.
And so we started just going through the Rolodex of people we knew who knew people.
And nearly every single artist we approached and we said, we're trying to do this for the Maui disaster.
They immediately were just like, yeah, like, why isn't anybody doing anything about this?
I'd be happy to help you guys.
They stopped everything they were doing and were willing to put in whatever that we needed to draw a good crowd.
And I think we had an amazing eclectic mix of artists.
And I'd love to work with them again someday because they're committed, they care, and I think they did an amazing job.
If your audience didn't have a chance to see the actual show, you can always re-watch it on the Rumble channel.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, I put the graphic on the screen.
The donations are closed, so don't hit the donate.

[SPEAKER_02]
We are no longer collecting donations on behalf of Maui Calvary Chapel.
You can now just go directly to them.
So we only left our donation part open for a week.
But since then, we've still had a ton of people reach out to us wanting to donate.
And again, you just go straight to MauiCalvary.org.
And you can just donate right there at the top of the page.
It says Hurricane Calvary Maui.org and 100% of all of the funds raised both by us GHB and Maui Calvary Chapel is going straight to the people on the ground.

[SPEAKER_03]
So tell us exactly how the people on the ground are doing.
Do you have any late updates as to what's going on and how they're getting the funds and what they're using them for?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
So luckily the death toll was nothing like we were fearing at the time of the show.
You know, at that time there were like over 2000 people missing and it turned out most of those people think God had just fled to other parts of the island and with relatives and communication was down.
for the most part.
So unfortunately, I think just around 100 people did perish in the disaster and about 12 people are still missing.
But over 2000 homes primarily and apartment buildings and hotels and businesses were completely destroyed.
The EPA is just now allowing people, just a very, very few, like handful of people per day,
to go back in and actually visit their houses for the first time.
The EPA has said that even after they finish their official cleanup of the site, that it's going to be at least 18 more months before they can begin to rebuild.
So these people are essentially unemployed.
These were not just their homes destroyed, but their businesses they worked at or they owned.
The $700 per family that the federal government supplied is obviously laughable.
It's essentially almost completely volunteer, charity-led, trying to help the folks on the ground.
What Maui Calvary Chapel did with our funds, which is really cool,
Basically, they set up a six-day-a-week office open all day long.
People come in with their physical bills in hand.
Even though they can't live in their homes, they can't even visit their homes.
They're still having to pay mortgages.
utility bills or cell phone bills, car payments, melted cars.
This whole situation, you know, unemployed bills continue to pile up and no income, obviously, to pay them.
So through our funds that we raised, they're working directly with people.
They bring the bills in.
and then they're paid right there directly to whatever, you know, the person that's getting the payment.
We felt that was probably a better way to do it than say a lump sum because it's just in a crazy time.
We never know what's going to happen.
Another big part of the funds are actually going to work with local Lahaina farmers because all of the restaurants and hotels were obviously burned to the ground.
those were their primary customers and they had a lot of fresh produce and continued to need to harvest and grow more produce.
So Calvary Chapel is buying the produce directly from the farmers and then providing that fresh produce straight to the people, which again is really, really, you know,
It's really appreciated because at this point they're getting like nothing but canned goods, you know, dried food.
So this is a source of fresh produce every day.
So those two things are sort of the main ways we're helping directly work with people on the ground, rebuilding some greenhouses and other farming structures that were destroyed.
The money we raised is definitely going a very long way.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, thank you for that update and all the work you were doing with the people of Maui.
And I'm sure it's going to be a long haul for them going forward.
So we want to keep checking in on on them and that situation.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
Yeah.
And maybe we'll do another benefit concert and, you know, even more folks this time, more artists.
Like I said, this is going to be many years and nobody's coming to help.
So just like everything else right now, it kind of comes down to us.
to make a difference.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, thank you for joining us, Jeannie.
I know we're going to be working together on some other projects very soon.
So looking forward to that and appreciate you and your time.

[SPEAKER_02]
I appreciate you all.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_03]
All right.
Well, let's move on.
Last night there was a well, Anthony Fauci spoke at the San Mateo Performing Arts Center and several of our VSRF team members, including Steve Kirsch and Nurse Angela were there to peacefully protest.
So let's bring them on to find out how that went last night.
Welcome, Nurse Angela.
Welcome, Steve.
How you guys doing this evening?

[SPEAKER_01]
Great.
Good to see you, Olivier.

[SPEAKER_03]
Great to see you too.
Steve, you're muted, I believe.

[SPEAKER_06]
You are correct.
Yeah, it's good to be back.

[SPEAKER_03]
So tell me about this event.
Fauci went to speak in San Mateo, of all places.
And what was the reason for his speech?
And what did you guys decide to do before the speech?

[SPEAKER_01]
I can talk briefly.
I, you know, Steve and I were invited to speak at this protest.
And the funny thing is Steve called me last weekend and he said, Angela, he's like, I'm a little bit concerned about us getting arrested.
Can you just make sure that it's okay that we're there?
Cause I don't think there was a permit.
So I called the San Mateo police department on Monday and they were amazing.
They,
They said, we support what you're doing.
We want you to be there.
They worked with us.
Um, so it was just really incredible to see this police department who actually wanted us to be there and wanted us to protest.
And once we were there, um, some things that really hit home for me were that, you know, as people were driving by, we had UPS drivers honking, we had city buses honking.
And I think for Steve and I, we're in this bubble.
Steve's in this data bubble because he's out to prove to the world how harmful these vaccines are.
And I'm in my bubble where all I do is take care of the vaccine injured.
And what I realized while we were there was that we are affecting the lives of everybody, even the people going into that building.
There were people there, there was,
employees from UCSF, there was employees from Kaiser, there were people that had driven five hours just to be there.
This vaccine had not affected them at all, but they just wanted to be there to support freedom.
There was a group of Democrats that were my body, my choice.
And they said, you know, we're here because, you know, it's my body, my choice, except when it comes to the vaccine, then it's my body, the government's choice.
So it made me, going to these rallies just makes me realize that,
Our organization at VSRF is so critical and so important.
We're fighting for everybody.
We're fighting for people that don't even know that we're fighting for them, for their freedom, for their rights, for their autonomy, their privacy.
So it was very cool.
Steve might have a different perspective because
He's like the paparazzi.
Everybody's following Steve and trying to take photos.
But I had some real meaningful conversations.
I had people that were going in to see Fauci actually come and talk to me and want to know why we were doing what we were doing.
It had some great conversations.
So it was a great experience.
What about you, Steve?
I saw you talking to a bunch of kids.
How was that?
I saw a couple of little kiddos come up and want to talk to you.

[SPEAKER_06]
You know, it was it was good because I ran into a couple of people who are skeptical and I tried to explain to them what the data shows and and it was interesting because
I look at charts and I say, well, this is obvious.
It's obvious to me, but it's not obvious to regular people.
And so I realized that, oh, I really have to put this in a digestible form so that people can very easily see what's going on.
Because I showed them the chart of infections versus deaths.
And I showed that the infections are proportional or that the deaths are proportional to infections before the Vax and after the Vax with the same proportionality.
And I said, see, the vaccine doesn't work.
And they're like, no, the vaccine works.
The infection rate went down.
And I said, no, no, it's about the ratio between the infections and the deaths.
They said it would reduce the number of deaths.
And it didn't.
And they said, no, no, but it did look, the dust went down after the vaccines are all at the death went down, but they didn't go down proportional to the infections.
So these subtle points that you take for granted or that I take for granted, uh, you know, you really have to make it very, you have to step people through it to make it very clear.
Uh, and so,
that's good because I was just about to write it up and now I'm going to write it up and I'm going to write it up in a very simplistic way so that people can go and ask their doctors.
So, Dr. X, this paper says that the vaccine reduced deaths by a factor of 10 for people with COVID.
But if you look at the same paper, it shows that when they tested the other group,
in the VA, there was no difference.
How do you explain that?
And how do you explain that there was no reduction for the US nursing home data, 15,000, and there's no effect.
In fact, it went the opposite way.
How do you explain that?
And so
I think that we could help to red pill a bunch of these doctors by having patients come to them and saying, well, there's something I don't understand.
I read this and I see this.
Can you explain this to me?
And I would love to get doctors and their wheels turning looking at this data and try to explain it to their patients because it shows the vaccines are a disaster.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, well, Olivia really quickly that the police that were there to, you know, to protect Dr. Fauci, very interesting, you know, they had a whole team of officers behind where everybody was parked.
They had ATVs that were going around with with dogs sniffing out all our cars to make sure there was no bombs.
And I was thinking like, God, I can't imagine being a guy like him where
you have to travel and worry about people blowing you up.
You're that hated.
But the really interesting thing that I don't know if Steve noticed, but when we were speaking, uh, the police officers that were there to make sure that we weren't causing any trouble, they gathered around on a rock and they sat there and they sat there and listened to us speak.
And so here they are protecting Dr. Anthony Fauci, but they're, they're, they're there like glued in on what Steve and I, and a few of the other speakers were saying.
And so,
You know, I know we're making an impact.
I know we are helping frontline workers, police officers, UPS drivers, you know, we're, we're, we're out there.
We're, we're out there trying to help the entire world.
It's not just the vaccine injured or not just to prove a point, but we are, we are, it makes us, makes me realize that what we do as an organization is so needed.
You know, we cannot turn into China, you know, communistic country.
We have to protect even the people that are against us.
Because one day it will, it will happen.
It'll happen with a booster.
It'll happen with a lockdown or a mandate or their child will be forced to, you know, get these shots.
So it was, it was a great experience.
Let's, let's play a little clip of Steve speaking.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
Yeah.
Let me play a piece of Steve speaking last night.

[SPEAKER_06]
When you look at this, is the vaccine safe and effective?
And I've been looking at this problem for a couple of years now.
And at first I was posting on Twitter and then I got two lifetime bans on Twitter and ended up starting Substack in October two years ago.
And 1,500 articles later.
It's even worse than I thought.
And I just found, about a month ago, I found what I consider to be the Holy Grail.
And the mother lode is, it's CMS data.
It is the Medicare data.
So CMS is Medicare.
And what happened is that for the last two years, they have been collecting data
from over 15,000 nursing homes on a weekly basis.
They've tracked the number of COVID cases, number of infections, and the number of COVID deaths.
And they've been publishing that for the last two years.
Now, has anyone ever seen an analysis of that data
that says look, look at this data.
It shows the vaccines worked on the elderly, which was the number one demographic for where the vaccine was supposed to work.
Now, has anyone ever seen a paper referencing that Medicare data?
It's the gold standard Medicare data.
This is it.
You don't get any better than this data.
This is the best data in the world for showing that it worked.
Did you ever see a paper anywhere that analyzed the data and said this data shows that it worked?
No.
So that's why I decided to look at the data.
Because they weren't looking at the data now.
Why wouldn't they look at the data if it showed that the vaccines worked?
And the answer is, it shows the vaccines did the opposite.
It shows the vaccines made old people more likely to die from COVID.
And then the effect wore off and they're the same as they were before, which means the vaccine actually killed a bunch of people and then sort of didn't.
And then what happened is Omicron.
hit so the the virus changed it changed to a less lethal variant and you know what happened the infection fatality rate which is the number of of deaths versus the over the number of infections okay and so that went down meaning something worked to protect you against covid and what it was is the omicron variant
Because the Omicron variant is less deadly than the variants before, by a factor of 7.
And you can see that in the Medicare data.
You can see the effect of Omicron in the Medicare data.
And it lowers the infection fatality rate by a factor of around 7.
But the vaccine increased it by 1.6.
So in other words, their own data shows that the vaccine actually accelerated death because it increased your risk of dying from COVID.
When you look at this, is the vaccine safe and effective?
And I've been looking at this.

[SPEAKER_03]
Simple and clear, Steve, to me, the way you present the data.
No one wants to look at it.

[SPEAKER_06]
You know, I'd actually like to run that clip on Twitter and post it Post it to my Twitter account and see how it does.
It's short enough.
I think that that that people might listen to it and understand it I'll send you a link to that clip so you can send it out.
Yeah, we'll see what happens.
I mean, I'll probably convince a few and

[SPEAKER_03]
So I had some news pieces I was gonna share, but I'm gonna skip through because we're running a little long here so far in our early segment, but I do wanna say that we are a 501C3 and we do rely on your support so that we can keep doing the kinds of things that we did last night, going out in the public, going and speaking in front of Fauci amongst many other things.
So if you can donate, that would be fantastic.
We appreciate all the help we can get from you.
And also we're going to have questions later on this evening.
If you are on Rumble, which is where we are exclusively, put your questions in the chat and Angela and I will come back later to answer the or to ask those questions of Dr. Salibi, Nurse Angela, and of course, Steve.
So right now I'm going to bring on our guest, Dr. JP Salibi.
JP is
Hang on, I'm going to get to your bio, JP.
Welcome back.
You are a friend and guest and a respected integrative medical physician and FLCCC clinical advisor, medical director of Carolina Holistic Medicine and the founder of the Priority Health Academy.
Dr. Salibi has dedicated his career to holistic patient care, transitioning from emergency medicine after 20 years.
Dr. Salibi, welcome to VSRF Live.

[SPEAKER_05]
Good to be here.

[SPEAKER_03]
I'm going to leave you Angela are going to leave you and Steve to talk for a while.
We'll be back later for Q&A.

[SPEAKER_06]
Very good.
All right.
So I got a question for you on my speech last night where I I don't know if you were able to to to hear that on the live stream, but you know, the data basically shows it's very clear that the
The infection fatality rate increased after the vaccines rolled up and you could show this chart to anyone and it's pretty obvious.
What happens if patients go to their doctors and say, can you explain this?
I thought the infections were supposed to go down.
They went up.
How do you explain this?
What do you think doctors will do?

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, it depends on a doctor, but I think the majority of mainstream doctors are following the narrative.
They're not critically thinking about what your data is showing them.
They block it.
And they're only focused on what the CDC or the NIH tell them, which is tell your patients the vaccine is safe and effective.
And if there's any sequela that occur shortly after or long-term after the vaccine, it's not the vaccine.
It's something else.
They'll call it idiopathic.
So there's this big denial about anything related to the vaccine causing any untoward effects.

[SPEAKER_06]
No, I know that.
But if a patient says, but doctor, the data actually shows it does the opposite of what the CDC claimed.
How do you respond to that?
Are they just going to try to gaslight the patient and say, pay no attention to the US official government CMS data, the gold standard data, pay no attention to this.
Just trust me.
It works.
Is that what they're going to do?
Is they're going to say, ignore the data and say, trust me?
Or will they look at it and will something go off in their mind saying, wait a second, there's something wrong here.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, Steve, I think a very few might it might click or they might wake up, but they're going to tell their patients, you know, oh, that's nonsense.
That's conspiracy theory.
Now I have not sat in an office with a physician.
or nurse practitioner in mainstream medicine and ask those questions to them myself.
But what I do see are secondhand accounts.
These are patients that are coming to my practice because they're not buying into it.
They're not getting well with standard therapies after being vaccine injured.
and they don't believe what they're being told.
So they're coming into my office and they're saying what kind of reactions they're getting when they pose these questions.
Some of them are responded to with pure anger.
The physician will get up and storm out of the room and then the nurse comes in a few seconds later and fires the patient from the practice for just asking a rudimentary question.
Or there's a bunch of eye rolling, you know, well, that's conspiracy theory.
Oh, that doesn't happen.
I've never seen a case like that.
I mean, I see some horrifically injured people from the vaccine and they'll tell me that for a year they've been traveling to multiple specialists and no one will ever admit or even suggest that the vaccine had anything to do with it.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, but this is not anecdotal data.
This is 15,000 nursing homes in the United States.
This is gold standard data.
It's reported weekly.
It's available for download.
And for the last two years, it's publicly available.
They can verify it themselves.
And they can verify everything the patient is saying.
It is the world's largest data set.
There are millions of records.
This is not an anecdote.
You can't go and dismiss this data and say, well, this data is unreliable.
This is a gold standard data.
Right.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, I mean, we're fighting an uphill battle because it's not presented.
I spoke to 150 nurse practitioners at a conference, and when I asked the audience how many had heard about vaccine injury, only two out of 150 nurse practitioners raised their hand, yet almost the entire room raised their hand when I asked if they were vaccinated.
And I only had about 12 nurses come up after, after I got off the podium was talking about neuro COVID.
And I, I squeezed in some stuff about vaccine injury and 12 nurses came up to me and several said, well, thank you for speaking out because nobody else is.
So they're being sheltered.
It's just like if you ask a clinician how much education they got about vaccines while they were in medical school or residency, it was hardly any.
It was a mention of a sheet came out with all the schedule at the time from the CDC, and we were told to memorize it.
We weren't told how vaccines were.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, I get all the gaslighting that's done and that they're told to gaslight their patients because they're supposed to be telling them the truth.
But my question is when you confront them with gold standard data that they can verify for themselves, it's not an anecdote.
So they can't dismiss it that way.
They can't dismiss the quality of the data.
They can verify it themselves.
Do they basically just like,
If that has to create cognitive dissonance in their mind, and how do they deal with that cognitive dissonance is my question.
And is there a precedent for this where they've been given this cognitive dissonance before, like with lung cancer and so forth?
So with lung cancer, didn't they have definitive data that showed that smoking causes lung cancer?
And then were doctors basically all dismissive of that?

[SPEAKER_05]
Right.
Exactly.
And I think the same can be, can hold true now in modern times with the use of statin drugs for cardiovascular disease, use of SSRIs for depression.
It's just, you know, I think some doctors just don't care.
They don't want to face the music.
It might be too hurtful for them.
I mean, I can't put myself in their shoes.
I'm not in their shoes.
I've I've woken up years ago.
So, I mean, it's it's hard for me to think about what's going through their minds.
I just don't know.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, it's I mean, to me, it's so mind boggling that here these are very smart people.
They went through medical school.
It's that's not so easy to get through that.
And and yet
they have this huge cognitive dissonance when it comes to changing their belief system.
But if the CDC were to say, Hey, you know, new director of the CDC comes in and says, Hey, you know, we were misleading the public, dah, dah, dah, dah, then doctors instantly flip, right?
Yeah, they probably would.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, they just kind of follow the leader.
You know, they're not going to think about any new statement any more than they thought about the old narrative.
I mean, it's ridiculous.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
So if we, so the bottom line is if we want to make a big change here, changing the president of the United States, if we elect Bobby Kennedy, and this is not a, you know, that this would be
the kind of the hammer that you need to go and pound if you're going to make a change like this.
Because short of that, it's like, wow, you can have all the gold standard evidence in the world and they're just going to dismiss it because the CDC is saying, believe us.

[SPEAKER_05]
Right.
And you have to change medical education and continued medical education.
It's all sponsored by pharma.
So it's on this pharma driven agenda that has to change for the truth to come out and clinicians to get truly educated in what's the truth and what the real science is.
You've got to get pharma out of the picture on the educational front.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yep.
All right, well, let's let's talk about your practice.
And we talked before the show.
And you said something that was interesting to me, but not surprising at all, which is that 90% of the new patients that come to see you with issues are patients who are vaccinated, which is higher
then there's 75% of Americans are vaccinated, about 25% are not vaccinated.
So when you have 90% of the patients coming to you with issues,
These issues were not caused by COVID, because COVID is an equal opportunity employer.
And this is basically a sign that the vaccines are yet another sign.
And how many do we need?
Yet another sign that the vaccines have been causing havoc.
So these new patients that come to see you
Why are they seeing you?
Is it long haul?
Is it long haul COVID that has been exacerbated by the vaccines?
Or is it vaccine side effects that have been caused by the vaccines?

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, a lot of them- Or both.
Yeah.
Well, a lot of them have a clue that the vaccine had to do something with their condition.
I mean, they kind of figured it out.
A lot of folks will come in thinking they've got this protracted long COVID syndrome, and then we find underlying evidence of other chronic issues that make that happen for them.
And very often, we're convinced that it was the vaccine.
We call it long vax now.
So, um, people are trying to, trying to blame it on just long haulers.
And in fact, uh, those folks that are vaccinated, you know, it's, it's the combination of the vaccine and usually an underlying condition.
Now I, you know, I, I do general practice functional medicine.
We call it super generalists.
We see them all, you know, from age eight, all the way up.
And, uh, we do hormone replacement.
We do thyroid management.
I take care of a lot of Lyme disease patients.
But lately, I would say in the last year, the majority of new patients are super complicated.
We stratify them into simple, uncomplicated patients like thyroid management to very complicated patients that have many underlying chronic illnesses, including Lyme disease, mold, toxicity, heavy metals, like
major disruptions of their hormone systems, immune dysregulation, autoimmune diseases.
And it's now it's almost laughable.
I mean, my my staff and I laugh like, when are we going to see a simple patient again?
I mean, I want them to come and stay for an hour.
and give me a reprieve from all these complex patients.
But 90% of all the new inquiries that are being made are highly complex patients that are suffering, whether it's long COVID and something else or long Vax is what we call it.
And the majority of them have been Vax injured and many of them know it.
And that's why they're seeking us out because there's no COVID literate doctors out there in their area.
So they're coming in from surrounding states.
Some tell me that there's not a single doctor in their state, let's say of Connecticut or Maine, that will handle or take care of them or know anything about COVID.
There are these COVID long-haul centers that are opening in these big medical institutions, but they do a bunch of tests, MRIs, PET scans, scan this, scan that, blood work, but they don't come up with any interventions that are worthwhile.
And so they seek us out.
And there are a handful of doctors throughout the country and the world, actually, that are educated.
I call them COVID literate medical doctors, the ones you can find them easy on the FLCCC.
These guys, they know the protocols.
They give the patients a fighting chance of getting better.

[SPEAKER_06]
So what's the most, is there a single sort of most frequent injury that you're gonna see or is it just a lot of things and it's just a little this, a little this, a little there, you know, are there like 20 or so symptoms that you'll see over and over again or is there one or two that are really stick out?

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, I think if you're Peter McCauley and you're a cardiologist, you're gonna see a lot of cardiac stuff.
Because my patient base is heavy with Lyme, we see a lot of neurological.
So a lot of psychiatric and neurological manifestations, fatigue, people have overwhelming fatigue, intractable insomnia, and then a lot of neurological features that could mimic things like Alzheimer's disease or Parkinson's syndrome.
also just this what we call brain fog, cognitive decline.
There was a study published in July of this year in Lancet that showed, they studied a couple of populations in the UK and in Europe, showing that if you've got the infection or the injection, you're likely to age 10 years.
And I see that.
I see that in myself and some of my patients who've been affected by this particularly, I think, engineered virus.
And so you also see manifestations of their underlying conditions.
If they have a history of Lyme, you see that Lyme coming back.
So whatever it is with the virus, with the spike protein, I should say, activates their underlying illnesses and makes them miserable.

[SPEAKER_06]
So how successful are you in being able to help these patients?
Are you able to help 10% 20% and are you able to help them get back to 100% to 90%?
You know, so can you give us kind of what the
how successful you've been.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, well, I have to look back at my 10 plus years of treating chronic Lyme patients.
And it sort of mirrors that same sort of statistics, the same portion.
So you have, I would say, I had the what I call the 2060 20
So 20% of people will not get better, at least not within two or three years.
So it's evolving for them.
Much like some of the really resistant Lyme patients, you could throw everything but the kitchen sink at them and they kind of tread water.
They don't get much worse, but they don't really get much better.
That in my practice is somewhere about 10 to 20%.
The majority will get some improvements, but it's slow and steady.
You have to keep hard on them.
Uh, and keep trying new things.
Everyone's different.
It's very customized therapies, but you'll have improvements.
And then there's those 10 to 20% that are amazing recoveries.
I mean, you throw one or two things at them.
they come back for their follow-up visit and they're much improved.
I'll share this story with you, Steve, of an elderly woman in another state, and I just saw her today for her second follow-up.
I only saw her one time prior, and that was 30 days ago.
She was non-verbal, non-ambulatory,
for at least eight months.
This was after her third Pfizer injection.
She basically couldn't walk.
She was an older woman who was very active, played tennis, walked five miles a day.
And her husband comes home one day and she's sitting on the couch and she's like, I can't move my legs.
Well, then it ascended and it wasn't Guillain-Barré.
They put her in a big teaching hospital for 124 days.
They couldn't figure out what was wrong with her, but they ruled out certain things like Parkinson's disease and Guillain-Barré and that.
And then she was then transferred to a bigger hospital for another two weeks.
Again, no improvement.
She was non-verbal.
She didn't speak for eight months.
She was laying on the couch or bed.
She couldn't feed, so they put a feeding tube in her, a G-tube, and that's where she was getting her nutrition.
So out of frustration, they found me, and we did a telemed initially, and she was a mess.
Her husband had to do all the talking for her, obviously.
I put her on Ivermectin.
and low dose naltrexone that was crushed up and put through her feeding tube.
A week and a half later, the husband calls me ecstatic.
He said, oh my God, she sat up and she turned and looked at me and talked to me and she's moving her feet.
And he sent me a video.
He took a video with his phone and actually texted me the video of his wife's amazing sort of road to recovery.
Now she's probably 20% improved.
She has a long way ahead of her.
And we did, you know, tweak out her protocol to ramp things up a little bit.
But we're using very novel agents, things like M. loxinox, ivermectin, central, you know, NAC augmentata, a lot of rapamycin, and some tinctures.
So my suspicion, because she had a low CD57 count, is that she has Lyme disease, didn't know it.
And it makes sense for where they live.
in a wooded area.
So we're checking her for lime, but I'm pretty sure that's an underlying cause for her.
But it was amazing.
Nobody had anything to offer her for over a year.
And I had her for a week and a half and we got her talking again.
So it's stories like that that are always, you know, same, same story, different patients, similar scenarios.
If we can get doctors to treat their patients appropriately, become COVID literate, so they know what the heck they're doing.
We'll see a lot more success and people recovering.

[SPEAKER_06]
So if you write that up as a case history and publishing in a medical journal,
What happens?
Nothing.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, a pal of mine down in Miami, we published a paper a couple of months ago on a child, a teenager with Crohn's disease.
It was massive.
The surgeons want to take all his intestines out and put a colostomy bag for life.
Of course, his parents freaked out.
And so he, Dr. Danetz and I got a hold of him.
We treated him with functional medicine protocols, discovered he had Lyme, treated his Lyme,
used LDN, Lyme protocols, and used thymosin alpha-1, a peptide, as the finishing touch.
He's in full recovery.
They cannot find any lesions in his intestines anymore.
A year and a half out and he is Crohn's free.
We published that as a case study.
Hopefully other doctors will read it and it'll put
Lyme disease on the radar for them in their Crohn's autoimmune patients.
This lady, if she continues to progress, she's worth writing up and publishing as a case study.
But the thing is, those studies are sometimes hidden.
It's not going to make it in Lancet or the New England Journal or the BMJ.
It'll be an obscure, you know,
major, a journal that has a low readership.
So again, it's, it's purposely.

[SPEAKER_06]
Why is it purposely hidden?
Like who's got the agenda to purposely hide it?

[SPEAKER_05]
Oh, well, pharma does.
They don't want these things getting out.
Um, you know, we've been struggling with bringing chronic Lyme disease to the top of mind for years now.
And the insurance industry and the pharmaceutical industry are not really interested in recognizing that because it's very expensive to treat.
And same thing would be said for a lot of the devastating injuries attributed to the vaccine.
And if it leaks out that there's vaccine injury and then there's good treatment for it, well, that goes way against the negative and holds them accountable for what they've done to society.

[SPEAKER_06]
When's this going to change or is it ever going to change?

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, you know, I hate to use this analogy, but I'd use it all the time.
I think, you know, in the 1930s, I think a handful of Nazis thought that this would go on forever and they would be at the helm.
And it wasn't but a decade later that they were destroyed and all this came out and they were prosecuted appropriately.
So, you know, it's just a matter of time.
We have to be patient.
It can't happen very fast.
Same thing that's happening in other totalitarian countries like North Korea.
I mean, how long can that go on?
Eventually, those people will wake up and they'll hold their leaders accountable for what they've done to the population.

[SPEAKER_06]
Hope that comes sooner than later.
Do you want to talk about the, you know, a lot of people don't understand or don't know much about Lyme disease.
What causes it is a spirochete.
Yeah.
You know, and so talk about that and relate that to a bacteria.
And also the thing you told me about mask wearing was really interesting.
Yeah, so let's start with the spiral key.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, so Lyme disease.
It was a mom that had a couple of kids up in Connecticut and old lime Connecticut.
who noticed that her children had fever and these weird rashes and neighbors were having these rashes.
And she called the local health department, which kind of ignored her.
So she went, called down to the CDC and said, hey, guys need to send somebody up here, an epidemiologist to figure out what the heck's going on with my children.
I mean, they're having arthritis like old people.
So because of the arthritis, they sent a rheumatologist from the CDC to focus because it was a kind of arthritic kind of thing.
He was instrumental in discovering the spirochete as the root cause for this infection.
As spirochete, it looks like a corkscrew.
It's related to the syphilitic spirochete.
We have spirochetes all in our mouth.
It's a common organism.
But the Lyme spirochete, Borrelia bungdorffii, is very smart, has a lot of DNA, and is very intelligent.
It knows how to evade our immune system.
It has two internal flagella, which give it that kind of motion.
It kind of corkscrews through the bloodstream and can run away faster than the immune cells can catch up with it and phagocytize it and eat it.
So the Spirochete was discovered really susceptible to doxycycline and tetracycline drugs.
and some penicillin class drugs.
So it's treated with the CDC is it's hard to get and easy to treat.
And that's furthest from the truth.
It's actually very easy to to get something like about 14% of the world's population from one recent BMJ study have antibodies to the spider.
So they've been exposed.
And we think that's an underestimation.
We think probably
double that, so we're talking almost 30% of the world's population has antibodies to these spirochetes.
That means they've been exposed to it.
So it's really kind of easy to get tick bites, this possibly mosquitoes and fleas, any arthropod, like any spider can transmit it.
It can be transmitted congenitally through the placenta.
It can be acquired sexually through sexual transmission.
That's what we know of, and it's not easy to treat.
Seven days or even 20 days of doxycycline will not completely eradicate that microbe.
You need almost 60 days of continuous antibiotic therapy if you've been infected.
Now, if you miss that little window of opportunity,
This bug will go into the chronic phase or what we call late phase Lyme.
So this bug is really smart.
If it gets stressed out or if it's under attack, it'll cuddle up into a cyst and hide in tissues.
And if given the opportunity, it gets out of the bloodstream really quickly and goes into cartilage, goes into the myelin sheath of your neurological system and demyelinates.
So it looks like MS. Um, it does a lot of things.
It can go into the heart, both into the electric
part of the heart and the muscle part of the heart and do a lot of damage.
It can damage other organs like kidneys and liver, et cetera.
Um, and then when you're in the chronic phase, it's really difficult to treat and you're talking pro tracted courses of antibiotics that can go on for years.
Um, we use a lot of botanicals in our practice that are as effective that have less collateral damage.
So,
You know, this infection can also lay dormant for years.
So you have a five-year-old who gets bit by a tick, parents remove the tick.
A lot of times, there's no bullseye rash.
I mean, it only happens a third of the time.
So they go years and years, and let's say 20 years later, they start having mental health issues.
They become obsessive-compulsive or bipolar.
And that is seen in about 50% of people who have Lyme disease.
will have neuropsychiatric manifestations.
And that might be the first things you see is somebody with attention deficit disorder is disruptive, behavioral problems.
And instead of putting them on psych meds, they need to be tested for Lyme disease.
And if you apply proper Lyme treatment and resolve it, that behavioral problem can go away.

[SPEAKER_06]
Wow, I can see how that would be misdiagnosed a lot of the time.

[SPEAKER_05]
Very easily.
Yeah, fairly so.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
So is so is there a way to prevent
that from happening to you.
So, you know, there's, I guess, we've heard stories about, oh, Pfizer, they did a such a great job with the COVID vaccine.
Now they're going to give you a lime of vaccine.
Is that is that viable?
And is there another way to get
immunity without the risk of infection?

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, prevention is the best thing.
So being careful, doing tick checks, avoiding areas that are heavily tick infested certain times of the year between Memorial Day and the end of summer.
The ticks can be the size of, the newborn ticks can be the size of poppy seeds, very easily missed on your body, but they can still transmit the disease.
You can impregnate your clothing with permethrin.
That's a kind of a bug repellent.
You can pull your socks up over your trousers when you go out, wear light colored clothing so you can see the ticks on you and you can brush them off.
And then, you know, keep a healthy immune system.
If you keep a healthy immune system by living right, you'll have a better chance of fighting a chronic infection.
But about 25 years ago, SmithKline Beecham, a drug company, created a vaccine for Lyme.
It was called LymeRx, R-I-X.
And they administered about 1.4 million vaccines worldwide.
from probably 98 until 2001 when it was discontinued and pulled from the market.
The reason they gave for pulling the vaccine was that it was underutilized.
Nobody wanted it.
But in fact, there were several lawsuits because the vaccine caused many of the people that got it to have symptoms, including arthritis.
So there was this lull in human vaccines for Lyme, but we've been vaccinating our dogs for Lyme disease for the last 30 years.
And it's funny that they do that because dogs are less likely to acquire Lyme than humans.
Like humans have 30% chance of getting it from a tick bite where a dog only 5% chance.
The long-term effects, untoward effects of disease in the dog is minimal.
Now you get some dogs that have bad arthritis or heart problems from Lyme, but it's rare.
So it seems silly to vaccinate all these dogs, but they've been doing it.
But recently I found out through some insiders that
in the pharmaceutical industry that Pfizer is developing a Lyme vaccine, a new one.
It's in stage three clinical trials and it's slated to come out next summer.
And they're teamed up with Valneva.
I believe it's a French company to do research on this new vaccine.
And there's about 6,000 people in Europe and the United States that are involved in these clinical trials.
And it's a three dose thing.
So you have to have three doses and then a booster.
So three doses and a booster, four doses total to be protected.
And it's called, right now it's called VLA-15.
Now Moderna is, has two in the pipeline and they're both mRNA technology.
We know how fantastic that is.

[SPEAKER_06]
One is- Nobel prize just issued for that.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yes.
Well, yeah.

[SPEAKER_06]
Safe and effective.

[SPEAKER_05]
Safe and effective.
Well, they're doing it again, but they're doing it with Lyme.
And there's two groups.
There's the mRNA 1982, which is the American Borrelia bengdorfei, which is one strain.
And then there's the mRNA 1975 vaccine in development, which is a European strains up to four different strains of Borrelia.
Now there's 150
no, maybe even 300 now, known strains of Borrelia bondorfii.
So there's some from Europe, some from Asia.
It's very complicated.
These are very smart organisms and there's many of them in many forms.
But these vaccines are in, I think they're still in stage one and stage two trials.
So they're not anywhere close to coming out, but the Pfizer one will be available
next summer.
So I am really not advising any of my patients to get it because I think we can learn from the mistakes of the previous attempt that is probably not going to be very, very effective, to be honest, and it might be dangerous.
So I'm
doing it in a preventive mode.
And then if I catch acute Lyme early, we treat it aggressively with 60 days of doxycycline or ceftin.
And then if we go into laps into chronic, well, we know, you know, I've got tons of experience knowing how to treat the chronic phase and keep people out of wheelchairs.
So, you know, that's the short on that.

[SPEAKER_06]
So for the original that Lyme vaccine that you talked about, the one that was admitted 20 years ago, they had liability protection, didn't they?
Or did they not have liability protection because it wasn't on the childhood vaccine schedule and so therefore when you give it to adults,
Once you come out of the EUA phase, you don't have liability protection.
You only get liability protection if you're on the childhood vaccine schedule.

[SPEAKER_05]
Right.
So it was not on the childhood vaccine schedule.
It doesn't qualify for the vaccine court.
And that's why it was pulled.
Incidentally, it was pulled finally off and not available in 20, I think, 2002.
And there was a lawsuit in 2001
where there wasn't a payout to any of the injured patients, interestingly enough, but there was a one plus million dollar payout to all the attorneys involved, all the plaintiff's attorneys, they got paid, but the patients who were injured didn't see a dime.
And then of course, Smith Klein Beach, in fearing further issues and lawsuits, pulled it completely off the market.

[SPEAKER_06]
OK, I think we're about time to open it up for questions from the audience.
Livio?

[SPEAKER_05]
I think we're on mute.
There we go.

[SPEAKER_03]
There he goes.
Let me unmute myself.
I'm going to ask the audience to see if my volume is better than it was earlier.
Apparently I'm having some low volume issues.
I'm trying with my mixer to see if I can boost myself up.
Sounds good to me.
Okay.
Well, in the meantime, let's get some questions.
Nurse Angela, do you have any first questions for Dr. Salibi before I go to the audience questions?

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, I'm so happy to be here with you, Dr. Salibi, because I think that probably the audience knows, but you are my
one of my favorite doctors treating the vaccine injured.
And I'm so sorry for sending everybody your way, but we have some really amazing doctors in our, you know, in our movement and, and you're really high up there on the list.
And I really, what I love about you the most is that you've been doing this for so long, treating chronic illness.
And the hardest question that I get from the vaccine injured because I've recovered is like, what did you do?
What is the one medication that you took?
I want to do exactly what you did.
And,
These cases are so complex.
It's not a one-stop shop where you can treat everybody the same.
I've traveled around and I've seen you and I've seen some of your case presentations and you look at the whole picture.
Not everybody gets the same drugs.
Not everybody gets the same diagnostics.
You really look at them as a whole.
I've seen really great success with your patients.
First of all, I just want to thank you and thank you so much for taking great care of all the injured that we send your way.
It's a pleasure to be here with you.
What I would like to ask you just to educate our community is, what do you normally do if a patient comes to you injured?
Do you have a set criteria of what you're going to order for them, or do you just really look at what is bothering them in particular?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, well, it starts with a very thorough history and physical exam on our complicated patients.
We spend no less than an hour and a half with them, whether it's an introductory onboarding telemedicine or in office.
So we ask certain questions that normal physicians may not.
We follow the kind of the principles of
functional medicine, we dig deep for questions that normally are not asked, like are they vaginal delivered, C-section?
Do they bottle feed or breastfed?
Do they have a history of tick exposure, Wi-Fi exposure, mold exposures?
These are the things that we dig deep for.
And then there's never any two patients that are alike and their treatment protocols that we follow or develop for them.
are never alike.
You cannot cookbook this.
You can't say, well, we're going to use five drugs, A, B, C, D, whatever, and this is the doses.
That will never work.
Sometimes we start off with what we think is appropriate and find out that they're super sensitive, so we have to cut the dose down.
by 50% or give them a quarter of the dose and march it up gradually.
Everyone is different.
And so it's complicated.
And we find that the folks that, if they stay close to us and they follow our protocols and our suggestions and recommendations and we keep on track, they'll do best.
The ones that kind of float away and we don't see them for six months and they come back,
all in a hot mess, they're not going to get well.
So they have to be serious and dedicated and disciplined to do what we tell them to do.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yes.
Well, and there's so many reactivated viruses, you know, these dormant viruses that, you know, it's not just a simple thing of just taking ivermectin or taking, you know, you could heal yourself from the vaccine injury, but then you have other issues.
You've got mast cell issues that are going on.
You have
you know, all sorts of inflammatory issues.
And so it's, I really love the way you treat patients as a whole human being.
And you also don't throw a ton of things at them at once.
As you said, these patients are really sensitive.
Um, a lot of them react to a lot of things.
So, you know, you gradually increase, put things in the protocol and, and do things one at a time.
And so it does take a long while, but I am seeing amazing results.
And so I'm, I'm always so happy to send people your way because I know
that they truly are in the best, the best hands.
So thank you.

[SPEAKER_03]
All right.
I'm going to try to ask a question.
I'll try to speak up and see how this goes from Christie for Dr. Salibi.
How many current strains of Lyme are there?
And is there a biofilm connection with long holler COVID and late stage Lyme?

[SPEAKER_05]
Wow, okay, so probably in the United States, we're looking at about 150 different strains and subspecies of Borrelia, but you have to remember there are co-infections as well, things like Babesia, Bartonella.
There's about 18 things that a tick can give you at one time with one bite.
Now, does that happen often?
Not all 18.
There's actually a couple that are fatal viruses, Powassan virus, for example, there's no known cure for.
But it's very common to get Babesia babesiosis, which is intracellular parasite, Bartonella, along with Borrelia.
So worldwide, there's probably estimated about 300 known species or strains of Borrelia bundorfii.
And the biofilm connection, we've known about biofilms for quite a while with Lyme, but it's not restricted to the Lyme bugs.
And for the people in the audience that don't know what that is, it's kind of a goo of all these spirochetes coming together and huddling around and protecting themselves by this film of goo.
which makes it hard for the antibiotics or botanicals to penetrate that to kill the bugs.
It's kind of like those emperor penguins in Antarctica.
They all bunch together.
The ones in the center are nice and warm.
So if you pour bleach over the spirochetes, only the ones on the outside will die.
All the ones on the inside will survive.
Plus they have different forms.
They have a form that does not have a cell wall.
So certain antibiotics don't work against them.
And then if they're very under stress, they'll form a cyst and they can hide out in a dormant phase for quite a period of time.
There's even talk that Babesia and Borrelia work together.
So if you have an intracellular infection of Babesia that forms a nest for which the Borrelia lie in, kind of like a bird's nest, it has to do with biofilm.
Now, viruses typically don't biofilm.
more complicated organisms like bacteria and parasites that do.
But there's something that we are slowly starting to understand about the spike protein in the virus that activates.
It may have something to do with how
hurting the immune system so that these opportunistic infections can take over.
But we're slowly kind of creating this, um, this knowledge base.
It's quite evolving quite rapidly, but there's a lot for us to learn still.
Hopefully that answers your question.
That's good.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_01]
I can do the next question from, um, Franzy for Dr. Salibi.
Will Ivermectin help Lyme disease?
If so, how much would a person use?
I have a friend who is a long-term Lyme patient and she takes hydroxychloroquine now.

[SPEAKER_05]
So hydroxychloroquine or Plaquenil is a very common Lyme disease agent.
It's funny because rheumatologists use it for rheumatoid arthritis and it makes you scratch your head and say, Hmm.
What's the underlying cause of that rheumatoid arthritis?
It might be a spirochete, and maybe that's why the Plaquenel works or the hydroxychloroquine works.
So ivermectin has been used to treat Lyme patients for quite a while.
When I did my preceptorship training with Dr. Richard Horowitz, one of the
leading world-known Lyme physicians up in Hyde Park, New York.
I was introduced to ivermectin then.
Of course it was hard to get and we didn't use it that much, but boy, have I used it a lot now.
So what I found is discovered in my practice that I was using nitrozoxinide more frequently.
And some of my patients who came down with COVID, when I put them on ivermectin, they would come back in two days and say,
Man, that ivermectin kicked the COVID's butt, but hey, my Lyme is better too.
I have less arthritis.
I have less fatigue.
So while they weren't getting that effect necessarily from the nitrozoxin, they were getting it from the ivermectin.
So a lot of my patients now, that's a frontline drug for my Lyme patients.
So it's very effective.

[SPEAKER_01]
Interesting.

[SPEAKER_03]
There's a follow up to that from Ostusta that says, I have been reading about high dose ivermectin as much as 2.4 milligrams over 200 milligrams for average 90 kilograms for males.
How high of doses do you use for your cases?

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, yeah, that's a great question.
And I didn't address that with the last about dosing.
So dosing is all over the place.
You can use doses as low as 12 milligrams for some people who are super sensitive and might hurts.
And I've gotten really aggressive, 40, 50, 60 milligrams.
It could be administered daily with food, with some fats in the food to help with absorption.
It's a long acting drug.
So you can then
Sometimes dose it every other day or twice weekly.
But I haven't really gone over 60 milligrams on my patients.
I haven't had the need to.
But in a conversation I had with Pierre Corry, he treats a lot of vaccine as well.
And sometimes he's getting effect with 30 to 40 milligrams.
but not completely getting them over it.
So he sometimes doubles his dose.
So the weight-based recommendations, the, you know, 0.3 milligrams per kilogram body weight is a starting point.
It's not hard and fast.
This is a very safe drug with a high level of tolerance and safety.
So you can take the drug dose pretty high, but always under the guidance of a physician.

[SPEAKER_03]
Angela, you want to ask the next one?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, there's a question from Janet.
Is there any reliable Lyme test that insurance covers?
Or what is your favorite?
If the insurance company doesn't cover it, what is your favorite Lyme test?
Well, first of all, the positives.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, so first of all, Lyme is a clinical diagnosis, kind of like a migraine headache.
There's no test.
There's no MRI to determine if somebody has a migraine or not.
If they're lying to you or not, you have to take it on faith.
Lyme disease really is a clinical diagnosis.
There are questionnaires like the Horowitz questionnaire that you can use.
There are surrogate markers like inflammation markers, something called a CD57, which looks at human natural killer cells.
But the traditional Western blot using a single Borrelia species that is offered by Quest and LabCorp, your big diagnostic test laboratories, is inadequate.
You're lucky if you happen to get a positive test back.
I typically use iGenX out of California or Vibrant Wellness.
They use multiple strains.
They have a newer technology called Immunoblot, and even the best tests will missed cases.
You also have to know how to interpret the results.
You can't always use the CDC New York State criteria for two or more on the IgM and five or more on the IgG bands being positive.
I've made the diagnosis with just two bands on IgG and I was correct because you challenge somebody with antibiotics and they get better.
or they herx.
So even the most reliable, most sophisticated tests are not great.
There is a urine test that looks for the antigen because the immunoblot and the western blot are looking at antibodies.
So if you have a very hampered immune system, you're not going to make the antibodies.
So you could be really, really sick and not produce any antibodies and have an absolutely totally negative test.
So you have to kind of know what test to use and when to use it and how to interpret it.

[SPEAKER_01]
Makes sense.

[SPEAKER_03]
From Queen Laguerre, and I've heard a couple of differing opinions from different doctors lately, will taking ivermectin prophylactically prevent Lyme?
And I'm curious about taking ivermectin prophylactically in general, what you think.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, I think the prophylaxis with ivermectin is a good call to make when you start seeing an uptick in the numbers of infections of coronaviruses or RSV or flu.
And we don't even test in our clinic anymore.
If you come in with a viral infection, it doesn't really matter.
honestly, if it's the influenza, the RSV or the COVID, we know what works and we go aggressively on it.
And we tell family members and those around us, hey, if you start seeing an uptick, maybe you should get on your ivermectin twice weekly.
But for Lyme, that's not really appropriate for Lyme.
It doesn't work that way.
There's not that kind of acute phase.
If you've got that summer flu, if you've got the headache, fever and the rash,
That's the time to go on an antibiotic.
But also a word of warning, ivermectin is not always that successful with these later variants like we saw with Omicron or Delta.
or the ancestral variants.
We're having to apply hydroxychloroquine and ivermectin so that we've changed the way we've done things in our office.
I recently got Eris EG5 about a month and a half ago.
It was very bizarre presentation, unlike anything like Omicron or Delta.
And ivermectin alone did not handle it.
So I had to add hydroxychloroquine to the regimen.

[SPEAKER_03]
Interesting.
Good to know.
Angela, you want to ask the next one?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
What botanicals help Lyme?
What botanicals are you using for Lyme?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
So some of the main ones, excuse me, are Cat's Claw, or sometimes referred to as Cemento, Cryptolepis Paniculata, or Cryptolepis is another tincture, has broad coverage, so it covers a lot of the other co-infections.
And incidentally, Cryptolepis can also help with the COVID virus.
But there's a whole host of Houtenouilla that can cover that mora.
There's a whole bunch of botanicals.
I had a patient say to me this week that extract of oregano was really very helpful with his Lyme.
And I don't usually prescribe that, but he brought in the botanical he was using.
And sure enough, it was mostly oregano oil, and he had a very successful course with that.
So there are quite a number.
There are probably about a dozen helpful botanicals that are useful with Lyme and the co-infections.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yes.
I actually was very lucky.
Dr.
Sleepy, you know, I didn't know you when I was injured, but the functional medicine doctor that I did see, you know, she, she knew nothing about vaccine injured because nobody knew nothing about vaccine injured, but she treated me as a Lyme patient.
So I was on cat's claw.
I was getting like IV Lyme support drips that she would use for her Lyme patients.
And, you know, as we know, I don't know what the one thing is that got me over that hump and cured me, but, um,
I was treated as a Lyme patient because nobody knew what else to do.
So those things definitely, they were part of my program.
The cat's claw, I have to tell you, tastes really horrible.
I really did not enjoy the taste of that.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, cryptolepids is even worse.
So I tell people, put those tinctures in pomegranate juice.
But yeah, I mean, if you have a Lyme literate doctor who's been treating Lyme patients for 10, 20 years, and you introduce them to a novel virus like the coronavirus, like the COVID virus, they're gonna look at the symptoms and say, well, my gosh, like if you do a Venn diagram, there's a lot of stuff in common.
And they're going to start treating them with things, the things they know, the cat's claw, the crypto lapis, the hootenuia, um, the Titsil root and some fancy stuff.
And, um, you know, some of the antibiotics that we use are anti-inflammatory and they actually do work on some of the harmful aspects that the virus leaves behind in its trail.
It may not kill the virus, but they can reduce the inflammation that damages the lungs or hurts the heart tissue.

[UNKNOWN]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
I have a follow-up to a question you just answered, JP, from Flock12.
How would the dosage be hydroxychloroquine and ivermectin together?

[SPEAKER_05]
So we kind of, again, use the guidance of the weight base.
So it depends if it's a child or someone that's really a big fellow that's 350 pounds.
But typically I'm using around 30 milligrams on average of ivermectin daily with food.
And then the hydroxychloroquine is 200 milligrams.
twice a day or what we say BID.
So twice a day.
And we start out with the acute infection.
We start out with five to 10 days and then longer if it doesn't abate.
Now the long haulers, the hydroxychloroquine doesn't seem to play too much a part.
So we stick with ivermectin.
We're looking at mabendazole, another anti-parasitic that crosses the blood-brain barrier as maybe a better agent for treating neurological COVID.
Um, but, uh, you know, there's more research that has to be done.
There's, uh, three or four different, uh, subtypes of, um, Mabendazole and the, um, rat studies that were done where it crossed the blood brain.
It was type C that worked the best, but it's hard to source and it's super expensive.
Like a month's worth is $8,000.
So we're using, um, Mabendazole A.
So I have a few patients on that.
It's not my first go-to, but.
We're looking at other antiviral, I'm sorry, antiparasitic agents like albendazole and nitrozoxanide or Alenia.
So they all these seems like many of these antiparasitics that work against the Lyme bugs also have antiviral properties and will work against the COVID virus.

[SPEAKER_03]
Thank you.
I have a question from Carol Briz.
I work in a hospital and have been unvaccinated for COVID and no flu vaccines for years now.
What is my best protection working around patients and coworkers getting vaccinated and shedding?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, so shedding could be a problem.
Maybe we should ask them to wear masks around us.
But when I worked in the emergency room the last 15 years in the ER during flu season, I'd have people with
influenza A and B hacking and coughing on me all day long.
And I refused to get the flu vaccine for the last 15 years of my ER career, although it was offered to me free.
I would do a Myers cocktail.
So I would mix up.
So if I got a little tickle in my throat or a low grade fever or headache, I said, Oh, I got a virus that's trying to take over.
I was taking a handful of
vitamins, you know, this is back in the 90s onto the 2000s because I retired from the ER in 2012.
But I would mix up a Myers cocktail in a syringe, a 60cc syringe.
Now, I'm too chicken to stick a needle in my arm, so I'd get one of my nurses to do it.
And I'd go in one of the trauma bays, pull the curtain, and I'd sit back and I'd push that Myers cocktail into my vein before my shift.
And boom, I was back, A game, top of the world, not sick.
Of course, the CEO of the hospital would walk by and he'd pull the curtain back and he said, oh, there's Salibi shooting up again.
So I had to explain what I was doing back there, but it was very effective.
So right post exposure, a Myers cocktail has a lot of vitamin C in it, sometimes anywhere from eight to 15 grams of vitamin C, something you couldn't take orally, and has magnesium and B complex and a few other things.
And it was created by Dr. Myers in Baltimore, Maryland, I believe in the 1950s.
And he used it for a lot of different illnesses, but it's a great antiviral.

[SPEAKER_06]
Just the fact that all that vitamin C. Has it been tried against the COVID virus?
Oh, sure.

[SPEAKER_05]
It has.

[SPEAKER_06]
We did it.
How's it worked?

[SPEAKER_05]
Oh, it's working great.
I have what we call a COVID center, recovery center in my office, and it's basically a three-day intensive.
And we had a patient come in that had long COVID, really debilitated, couldn't really walk into the office under her own power.
On the third day, she walked out and she went over to Brook Green Gardens and, uh, and spent the whole day looking at the statues there at Brook Green, um, in the Myrtle beach area.
But, uh, it involved three days of, uh, IV intensive IV therapies, Myers cocktail plus glutathione.
And then we used a lot of different peptides.
She was on about four or five different peptides, even a cerebral prep, which is a cerebral, uh, protective agent peptide.
And it worked like a charm.

[SPEAKER_06]
So the CDC, of course, will never recommend it then.

[SPEAKER_05]
Nor will most mainstream medicine.
No, they probably won't.
Although they do use high dose vitamin C in their burn centers.
And Paul Merrick was famous for his vitamin C and sepsis paper and research.
Yep.

[SPEAKER_01]
Steve, I don't know if you remember Defeat the Mandates LA.
It was right after the COVID
Global Health Summit in Paris, and all the doctors came back from Paris to our Defeat the Mandates in LA.
And with them, I think COVID came.
And when we were in LA, we had a functional medicine doctor named Dr. West.
We sent her nurse, Tara, over to the hotel where we were staying.
And Pierre had just gotten over COVID.
We came back from Defeat the Mandates with
pretty much our entire team had COVID.
And when I was in LA, Tara was there and she was giving us this Meyer lemon cocktail IV along with vitamin D shots.
And I had to test myself to know that I had COVID.
I mean, our whole team had it.
I think you might've already had it, Steve, but Hillary and Lisa, several people on our team had it.
I tested and I was positive and I had a little bit of a tickle in the back of my throat, but I really, I wouldn't have even known that I had COVID.
Every single day Tara would come to our hotel room and give us this vitamin C and, you know, I had the one shot of vitamin D in my arm.
And I really honestly think it made the world of difference.
I breezed through and back then it wasn't the easiest.
It wasn't like Omicron where people are, did so much better with Omicron.
It was still pretty heavy duty virus going around.
Um, one of our team members, you know, struggled a little bit with it.
So, um, I definitely absolutely believe in these vitamin C.
the Meyer Lemons cocktail, ivermectin hydroxychloroquine, LDN helps as well.

[SPEAKER_06]
Right, but it's important that we don't do any clinical trials to test this.
If you have a COVID infection, you test positive for COVID, it's important that we do not treat you in a clinical trial where half the people get this cocktail and half the people get a placebo because we don't really want to know if it works, right?

[SPEAKER_01]
It'd be so easy.

[SPEAKER_06]
That's how medicine works.
I think I'm getting it.
I'm a slow learner, but I'm getting it.

[SPEAKER_05]
So big randomized controlled trials are out.
You're not going to see that sponsored.
There's no money to be made with this therapy.
So, it's observational data, case studies.
We have to get out of the mindset of relying on big randomized controlled trials because half the junk that's in our medical journals, JAMA, New England Journal, Lancet, is garbage.
And you have ex-editors testifying that or giving interviews that a lot of the stuff published
in their journals is garbage.
So they have lost all credibility in my eyes, in my humble opinion.
So we're trying to develop truthful journals, journals that are independent will not take a dime from pharma in advertising, so that we can actually publish the truth.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, I mean, I was, I'll be writing about this soon, but there's a, there's a paper in JAMA and it looks at a set of nursing homes, a private set of nursing homes and it looks at the VA nursing homes, private set of nursing homes, the vaccine 10 X reduction in deaths in the vaccinated in the VA made things worse.
It's in the same paper and the paper says, look, the vaccine works.
How can they publish this stuff like?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, you wonder.
You wonder about the editors falling asleep on the job and then all those folks that are peer reviewing it.
There must be.
They must be incentivized to do that somehow.
It's just you have to follow the money trail.

[SPEAKER_06]
It's like I knew they were corrupt, but I didn't.
You know, it's like this is so, so corrupt that.
You publish a paper that shows, yeah, the other group had worked the other way.
I mean, it's unbelievable to me.

[SPEAKER_03]
This question from our run.
It's still incredulous.
Dr. Salibi, do you believe today's doctors read the package inserts for drugs and vaccines before giving a prescription?

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, you know, what Voltaire said about great doctors, you know, Voltaire was very critical about doctors that they knew less about their patients and even less about the prescriptive things they were providing for them.
You know, the package insert is not necessarily a great resource.
It's cumbersome.
Have you ever opened up one?
It's like one of those folding maps that we used to use before GPS.
Hard to get back together.

[SPEAKER_06]
For the COVID vaccine, it's blank, right?
Yeah, it happens blank.

[SPEAKER_05]
But yeah, it's a cumbersome thing.
We used to have the PDR, the physician's desk reference, and it's in digital form now.
And I have a couple of copies.
I mean, the copy I have from 1935 is only this thick.
And of course, the last one they published, it was pretty thick.
That's a resource.
I used to do that when I was a resident.
But you'd be telling a wild story if you said, does every doctor know those drugs intricately?
Probably not.
They're just following practice guidelines, which is two pieces of paper that they can print off from the internet and it tells them what to do for whatever condition.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, I know you've had a really long day, Dr. Salibi, so we really appreciate your spending so much time with us.
Where can we find you?
And you also have a new video series.
Can you tell us about that as well?

[SPEAKER_05]
Sure.
So I'm actually one of the formal advisors to the FLCCC, worked with Paul and Pierre and the crew, wonderful folks there on formulating the protocols and suggestions and guidelines that they have.
And I have a new program.
It's a video learning.
It's free.
It's called Whole Body Health with Dr. Salibi.
And about twice a month, I'll release a video.
The inaugural three videos all had to do with thyroid disorders.
So it goes beyond just COVID and to thyroid polycystic ovary disease.
Biodentical hormones are coming up.
So stay tuned.
And I have a practice, actually two locations in South Carolina, one near Myrtle Beach and one in Charleston.
And we are accepting new patients.
I've got three wonderful nurse practitioners and PAs that work with me and we accept patients from all over.

[SPEAKER_03]
Fantastic.
Well, Steve, unless you have any parting thoughts or Angela for Dr. Salibi, we're going to let him go get some sleep.
Excellent.
Well, Dr. Salibi, thank you so much and we'll see you again hopefully real soon.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, Steve, Angela and Livio, always a pleasure.
Be happy to come back anytime.

[SPEAKER_01]
Thank you.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_03]
Thank you so much.
What a great guy Dr. Salibi is.
I've had some time to spend with him in person and just wealth of knowledge and information.
Yep.

[SPEAKER_01]
Super nice guy.
And the results, that's what I love.
Most of my time, 95% of my time is actually hand holding these vaccine injured.
We send them to doctors, we refer them to their primary care to get certain tests.
But what I love hearing is when patients come back to me and they say, oh, I'm so much better.
He got me better.
You know, that's how I kind of gauge where I send patients to.
And he is truly fantastic.
We're so lucky to have him taking care of the vaccine injured.

[SPEAKER_03]
Steve, have you seen this piece of news that came out, I think, yesterday that the CDC is ending the COVID-19 vaccination cards?

[SPEAKER_06]
Yes, I'm aware that I was thinking of burning my card on the air, but I don't have it with me.

[SPEAKER_03]
Oh, I was hoping we can have a little little ceremony.

[SPEAKER_01]
There's mine.
I can burn mine.
I think I have to keep it as evidence.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, actually, you might want to, you know, souvenir that for the future.
Do you think they're going to they're doing this because they want to make digital cards?

[SPEAKER_06]
No, no, no, I think they're they're doing it because they're giving it basically to the states to to track that.
And so this way,
It's great because you don't have a central repository for vaccination information.
And that's really helpful because you never want people to find out who is vaccinated.
So when someone dies, you never want to be able to correlate that with the vaccine because that could implicate the vaccine in the death.
And so from a medical point of view, it's very important that nobody be able to research this to be able to connect the vaccine with the death.
Because otherwise that could lead to things like lawsuits or, you know, stuff like that.
It could lead to vaccine hesitancy or something like that, you know?

[SPEAKER_01]
We had a guest on our show, it was probably four or five months ago, whose daughter passed away, 18-year-old daughter passed away from the vaccine.
And the parents were so against the vaccine.
And the only reason why the parents figured out that it was a vaccine, because this 18-year-old daughter didn't tell her parents,
was that the daughter's best friend said, Hey, I want to let you know that she didn't want to let you guys know, but she got vaccinated.
And so that's exactly what you're saying, Steve.
It's like, if you get rid of these little cards, it's very easy to just brush it off.
Nobody's going to investigate.
So.

[SPEAKER_03]
Meanwhile, there's this county in California that is now issuing a vaccine and mask mandate starting, if you scroll down here, November 1st, they'll go into effect and they will end in April 30th of 2024.

[SPEAKER_06]
It is so great that science can predict exactly when you don't need the masks anymore and the vaccines anymore.
I mean, that is just so awesome.
But unfortunately, you can't talk to Penny and ask her how she calculates that.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, and why don't they just start it now if it's a problem?
Why are they waiting until November 1st?

[SPEAKER_06]
Because it's not a problem.
Livio, they have this down to a science.
They can predict when it's going to be a problem, and they can predict when it's going to go away.
And they can also predict the efficacy of the vaccines against that and masks against that, even though they don't work at all.
I mean, it's amazing what these county health officials can do.
And of course, they're accountable to no one.

[SPEAKER_03]
No, they should be playing the lottery if they can predict the future that way.

[SPEAKER_06]
They should be playing.
Yeah, I agree.
They should give up their day job and just play the lottery.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, exactly.
They're so, they're so smart.
And then I got another piece of news from one of our VS team members from David Ragsdale.
And did you see, let me find it.
There's a lawsuit that is happening.
Let me get this up real quick here.
Civil rights agency sues two businesses that fired workers over COVID vaccine refusal.
Have you heard about this, Steve?
No, I have not heard about it.
They're going to sue United Healthcare Services and an Arkansas based Hanks Furniture who violated federal law when denying the exemption request and firing the workers according to the suits.
This is hot off the press.
We just got this right before the show.

[SPEAKER_06]
Great.
I hope they're, I hope they're super successful.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
I mean, then, then they can go after all the colleges and universities and, but it, isn't it the, if it's the government that's now going after the, the businesses that were following their guidelines.
Yep.
interest that that I'm going to keep an eye on because they hold them accountable, holding them accountable.
That would be fantastic.
Well, before we end, I also want to, one last reminder, another way you can help us, Nurse Angela's wearing a super information super spreader t-shirt.
So buying schwag is a great way, go to vacsafety.org and hit the shop button on the website and you have a whole slew of fantastic gear that you can purchase.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, maybe we should add like tights and a cape
You know?
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_05]
Complete the outfit.

[SPEAKER_06]
Boy, would you like to see me in that outfit, got an S, you know, and the cape and the tights and the boots?
That'd be pretty cool, wouldn't it?

[SPEAKER_01]
There were some great Halloween costumes last night of people dressed up as Fauci.
Did you see those, Steve?

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, yeah.

[SPEAKER_01]
Those were great.

[SPEAKER_03]
Those are really good.

[SPEAKER_01]
Go on to Twitter, go on to Defeat the Mandates Twitter and you can see some of the outfits from last night.

[SPEAKER_03]
And speaking of the speech, we'll post on our Rumble channel, Steve's full speech, Angela's speech from last night.
And I'll send you that clip, Steve, so that you can tweet or is it X or whatever, tweet X your shorter version of the speech last night.
Awesome.
Thank you.
I'll send that to you.
Also next week, next week, look who we have.
Dr. Asim Alhatra will be our guest next week.
So looking forward to that conversation.
So join us again next week.

[SPEAKER_01]
I think he'll be live from Steve's house, correct?

[SPEAKER_03]
Oh, wait a second.
Let me, let me see.
Is that correct?
You guys gonna be in the same room?

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, hang on, hang on.
It could be that we're in the same state, but, uh,
Uh, yeah, unfortunately I was thinking I would be there, but no, I'm actually going to be in Tahoe.
I don't come back until the 13th.
So dang.
So we're going to have to do it remotely, even though we're like 10 minutes away from each other.
Uh, normally.

[SPEAKER_01]
Maybe we should have him go to your house, Steve, and he can be the host from your house.
He can be he can be Steve Kirsch.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, we'll work on that.
We'll work on bridging the gap and bringing you closer together.
So before we go, I am going to play a clip of Dr. Malhotra from our Dallas event last year.
and I just pulled a little excerpt from his presentation last year in Dallas.
So I'll play that to send us off tonight.
Steve, Angela, thank you.
Always a pleasure seeing you on Thursday nights.

[SPEAKER_01]
Thank you so much.
Thanks, Livia.

[SPEAKER_03]
Thank you, Livia.
We'll see you next week.
And I hopefully have my audio issue taken care of and I'll be louder next week.
All right.
Have a good night.
All right.
See you.

[SPEAKER_00]
Good night.
Changing one's mind is one of the most terrifying experiences a human being can face.
And in academia, we say that, you know, there's the quote from John Kenneth Galbraith, the Canadian American economist, and he says, face with a choice of changing one's mind and proving there's no reason to do so.
Almost everybody gets busy on the proof.
So this is really what we're up against, but it's not an insurmountable task.
It just means we have to think more strategically in terms of how we get through to other people, other citizens, in terms of helping them understand the real truth and what's happened.
And we do that by addressing the cold, hard facts head on.
So what's worse than ignorance?
The illusion of knowledge.
For me as a doctor, as a clinician, I think I would probably say that I think most people would probably agree with this.
When you ask people what's most important to them in their lives, international surveys have said their health.
They've said health followed by a happy family life.
But despite that, we seem to be regressing.
We've been in this situation for many, many years.
Globally, there's problems with obesity, there's increasing burden of chronic disease, there's worsening mental health.
In the UK, we've had a stalling of life expectancy in the last 10 years, and more and more people are living longer in illness, in sickness, so quality of life is deteriorating.
So the question is why?
So let's start with the definition.
Now, the WHO don't do everything right, at all.
But one of the things I do like about the WHO is their definition of health.
So if we start from this basic understanding of what we are trying to achieve is improve our health, and their definition is this, health is a state of complete physical, mental, and social wellbeing, and not merely the absence of disease or infirmity.
And then a couple of months ago, I wrote this paper, and I'm gonna summarize the findings shortly, around understanding
why we have got this ongoing pandemic of misinformation on these COVID-19 vaccines through the principles of what I describe as real evidence-based medicine.
And perhaps the most important slide of my talk is the next one, which is the evidence-based medicine triad.
a very elegant analytical framework we use for teaching and practicing medicine.
So as a clinician, as a doctor, what I want to do is to improve my patient outcomes.
What does that mean?
Treating illness, managing risks, and to relieve suffering.
How do I do that?
Well, I use my clinical expertise, my clinical intuition, my experience.
The best available evidence
And last but not least, which is crucial, taking into consideration individual patient preferences and values.
Now, if any of those factors are not being adhered to properly or are incorrect, at best you are going to get suboptimal outcomes and at worst you're going to do harm.
The problem is, and this evidence-based medicine triad was conceived as a
as a concept in 1996 by David Sackett.
The problem we've got is that evidence-based medicine has become an illusion.
Evidence-based medicine has been hijacked by powerful vested interests.
And what ends up happening, unfortunately, more often than not, is that doctors are making clinical decisions
on commercially corrupted and biased information.
And of course, that then is going to lead to suboptimal or harmful outcomes to patients.
So how bad is this problem?
Well, there is, I would say, a complete health care system failure.
We can describe that in the United States.
We can describe it in Europe.
We can describe it in the UK.
Based upon a number of factors, it's epidemic of misinformed doctors and unwittingly harmed patients based upon a number of factors, which are,
Biased funding of research, so it's research that's funded because it's likely to be profitable, not beneficial for patients.
Biased reporting in medical journals, biased patient pamphlets, biased reporting in the media, commercial conflicts of interest, defensive medicine.
And last but not least, medical curricula that fail to teach doctors how to comprehend and then communicate health statistics.
