[UNKNOWN]
you

[SPEAKER_06]
Tonight on VSRF Live, pediatrician Renata Moon talks with Steve Kirsch about the blowback from her university after testifying at Senator Ron Johnson's forum.

[SPEAKER_04]
Typically, when you open a box of the vaccine product, there's a violin in it and there's a box and then has a package insert.
When we open this package insert, a typical package insert looks like this.
It has a great deal of information on it in terms of adverse reactions, the components of it.
So a few months ago, I looked at the package insert.
I pulled it from the box of mRNA product.
And it was sealed just like I'm showing you here.
I unsealed the box that the entire thing came in.
And then I pulled this out.
And this is what it looks like.
It's blank.
I have a government that's telling me that I have to stay safe and effective.
And if I don't, my license is a threat.
How am I to give informed consent to patients?
We're seeing an uptick in myocarditis.
We're seeing an uptick in adverse reactions.
We have trusted these regulatory agencies I have for my entire career.
up until now.
Something is extremely wrong.

[SPEAKER_01]
I'm here to share the exciting news about our new spike support formula for children.
So many of you have asked about that and if it's coming out and we do have that out launched today.
So share that with anyone you know and give that to your child whether they have been getting the jab or not.
If there are around other people who have and they're shedding on them and you want to protect your child from the upcoming school year as well where kids are usually jabbed and those jabs will shed.
So you want to get this formula.

[SPEAKER_06]
And now here's your host, Lisa Leahy.

[SPEAKER_05]
The VSRF Live, I'm Lisa Leahy.
Thank you for joining us on Rumble.
This is where we're going to be from here on out.
Tonight, I'm excited.
We have two outstanding doctors with us, Dr. Renata Moon, a board certified pediatrician who was terminated from her teaching position at Washington State University for voicing her concerns about the COVID-19 mRNA shots for children.
This was during her Senate testimony back in December.
and later will be joined by Dr. Hadar Sophia Elbaz.
She's the director of functional medicine at the wellness company and a doctor of acupuncture and Chinese medicine.
She's super passionate about getting to the root of health problems and I'm really looking forward to hearing some great information from Dr. Hadar.
Next, I'd like to introduce nurse Angela.
She's on our team.
She has over 24 years of experience as a registered nurse.
We've often shared with our guests that she's made a remarkable recovery from a COVID vaccine injury herself and now devotes her time to helping others, guiding others.
Hi, Angela.

[SPEAKER_03]
Hi, it's so good to see you.

[SPEAKER_05]
No, welcome back.
You were traveling.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, it's so nice to be back in the States.
I was in the Seychelles.
taking care of my mom and stopped in Europe.
And then the minute I landed really within a few days, I was back in air to New York where I interviewed with American thought leaders and NTD news and attended the screening of our documentary on a New York.
So it's so good to be back.
I'm back answering questions.
I think Olivia will put up my email.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_05]
I'll tell everybody.
NurseAngela at vacsafety.org.
Tonight, actually, I guess from here on out, you won't be taking questions live in the chat because it's in Rumble.
We can't really segregate out your questions.
So we encourage people to send you an email with their questions.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, I feel that it's easier that way anyway because some of these questions are so complex and it's not really
feasible just to answer them on a text.
So I answer 100% of my emails.
Most of the time I call people and have a conversation and really guide them and help them, you know, not just with a one-time phone call.
So yeah, feel free to email me with anything.

[SPEAKER_05]
That's so great.
Thank you for the work that you do supporting the vaccine injured.
It's crucial.
And I know you've given a lot of hope and help to many, many people.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yes, yeah, actually, after this show, I will be interviewed by one of the wellness doctors, Dr. Harvey Rish.
Oh, great.
They're such a wonderful company.
They want to know about those injuries that are not getting better, those that are getting better.

[SPEAKER_05]
What is it?

[SPEAKER_03]
So if people want to check that out, I'll be walking through step by step from day one of my vaccine injury to today.

[SPEAKER_05]
That's so great, yeah, because you are a remarkable case.
And it would be great to put in a formula somehow.
I mean, everybody's different, but still, I'm sure that there are some things that you did that could help others if repeated, right?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yes, I guess.

[SPEAKER_05]
So that's great.
Well, thanks.
So I want to remind everyone that we still will have our live Q&A.
So everyone still put your questions in the chat for the doctors and for Steve.
And now that we're on Rumble, you can join the Super Chat.
If you want to make a small donation to VSRF, that will help us a lot.
And we can move your question up to the top and do our very best to make sure it gets answered.
We want to thank our show sponsor, the Wellness Company.
They have a first-rate team of medical doctors offering innovative products and extensive medical expertise via telemedicine.
including treatment for long COVID and vaccine injury.
And TWC, actually, they've just come out with a new nutritional supplement.
It's called year-round wellness for resilient kids.
I wish this was around when I was raising my little ones.
We will ask Dr. Hadar more about that product when she comes on.
And don't forget, do use our 10% discount code at checkout.
Go to twc.health, forward slash VSRF.
And then the code is VSRF to save 10%.
We'll make sure that the link to twc.health is in the chat.
And now I want to welcome our VSRF founder, Steve Kirsch.
As you all know, he's a Silicon Valley entrepreneur, entrepreneur,
And now I've changed this intro, turned top citizen journalist.
He was a misinformation superspreader, but since all that misinformation has turned out to be true, well, I guess now you're just an information superspreader.
Hi, Steve.
Right?
How does that feel?
Oh, you have to unmute.
I'm mute.
I'm mute.
I know we're getting used to our new platform here, everybody.

[SPEAKER_00]
I was the best at misinformation, super spreading.
And I guess I'm going to have to tell Google to change my title to missing instead of misinformation, super spreader, just information, super spreader.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, I love it.
I love it.
So I read your substack from, I think it was early this morning, the story about the police officer in the town of 350,000.
and she's been connecting, noticing, documenting a link between SIDS and vaccination.
And what's the stat?
She's found that in over half of the cases, these little babies had been vaccinated within a week, sometimes within 24 to 48 hours prior to

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, basically over half the cases were less than a week after a vaccination.
And she discovered this pretty early on in her career.
So she'd been doing this for close to seven years.
And very early on when she was investigating these cases, she discovered that there was this common, because you're always like asking, well, you know, tell me about this, tell me about this.
Were there any medical treatments?
You know, and the vaccine kept coming up.
So she added that to her standard list of questions because most police departments don't even ask about the vaccine because as everybody knows, vaccines don't cause sudden infant death.
Perfectly say right perfectly safe.
And so nobody was asking about it But but she did and so she collected seven years of data and basically went on video To directly say to me
that enter to anyone who was listening, that over half the cases, or in half the cases at least, it happened within a week of vaccination.
Now that's impossible if you calculate the odds of that happening.
It cannot happen by chance.

[SPEAKER_05]
No, no.

[SPEAKER_00]
And just so you happen and on this earth anytime by chance, which means that there's only one explanation, which is the vaccines cause the cause of SIDS in a great number of cases.
And of course, the medical community will remain silent about this.

[SPEAKER_05]
I know, despite that we're talking about deaths in babies and how devastating.
Just one comment in terms of detective work, it makes so much sense that an officer who's charged with coming onto the scene and finding out why this baby or at least documenting all the circumstances around why a child has died.
making sure it's not malfeasance, et cetera, it makes so much sense to include recent immunizations, right?

[SPEAKER_00]
Because then you go from blaming the parents to saying, oh, I think I know what it was.

[SPEAKER_05]
Or, and more importantly, even, uh, you know, tipping off the medical community that vaccines can cause death and infants and find out why and how to avoid it.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.
Now you don't want to do that because she, she told her, uh, superiors at work.
Uh, it looks like the vaccine is kind of, and she was told to don't say anything to anyone about this.

[SPEAKER_05]
That's so right.
Just let the baby.

[SPEAKER_00]
You don't want to let anyone know who's killing the kids.

[SPEAKER_05]
Right.
And prevent them.

[SPEAKER_00]
You don't want to put the blame on the vaccine.
Right.
You know, if it's anything else, you can talk about it.
But if it's the vaccine, that is untouchable.
Right.
It's like, you know, God, you know, you can't blame God for anything.
Yes.

[SPEAKER_05]
You cannot be a heretic.
You cannot insult the religion.
Well, before we bring on our guests, I want to remind everybody that VSRF is a non-profit 501c3 organization.
And we definitely cannot continue doing the work that we do to drive change and to bring attention to the vaccine harms and the vaccine injured without your generous support.
So you can support us by scanning the QR code.
Is there one on the screen?
Nope, that's fine.
You can go to our website, vaxsafety.org forward slash donate.
We'll put that link in the chat.
And again, I want to remind you now on Rumble, you can make a little donation by joining the super chat and then move your questions for the Q&A up to the top.
Now I would like to introduce our first guest, Dr. Renata Moon.
Dr.
Moon is board certified in pediatrics and pediatric hospital medicine.
She's licensed in many states and has been practicing as a pediatrician for over 25 years.
Last December 2022, Dr.
Moon testified as an individual citizen at a U.S. Senate fact-finding hearing on COVID-19 vaccination or vaccines.
I hate calling him that, mRNA shots.
She voiced her concerns at that time about the potential dangers of the mRNA shots for children.
She was then accused of spreading misinformation and was terminated this June from her six-year teaching position as clinical associate professor of medicine at Washington State University, despite her unblemished record as a physician and a teacher.
Welcome, Dr.
Moon.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thank you for having me on.
Thank you.
Thanks.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
A steep way to interview you.
So I'm not going to hold you guys up, but I want to just say my thanks.
It has to be hard.
Look, even though you know you're telling the truth and even though you're doing it to save children, which should be the most noble cause for truth.
It's it's devastating right to lose your teaching position.
It's devastating and they know, you know, they know that and so I hope I'll listen to your conversation, but I hope there's recourse for you and I hope that there's recourse for others like you who tell the truth.
So all right, I'm gonna sign off.
Yeah.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
All right.
Before I start, I do have to give a quick disclaimer and that's that my views tonight are my own.
I'm not here representing any entity or
or any remaining employer.
So good.
Yes.
I love that.

[SPEAKER_00]
Any remaining employer.

[SPEAKER_04]
Are there any in these days?
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_00]
Are there any employers remaining?
Yeah.
That's the question.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
All right.
I'll sign off.
I'll see you all.

[SPEAKER_00]
Dr.
Moon, are there any employers remaining?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, but I won't name them because I'm not here representing them, right?
So yeah, it's been a crazy time.
We've lost so much in America these last few years, and most especially our free speech, our ability to do our jobs.
It's not just my right to speak, but it's my responsibility to speak, right?

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, so can you say where you're working now, or what you're doing?

[SPEAKER_04]
I'm not here representing any employers.
I'm just here as a pediatrician that's concerned about what I see in front of me.
And that has caused trouble with my employer recently, yeah?

[SPEAKER_00]
So, yeah.
Your employer, you mean your current employer has an issue?

[SPEAKER_04]
The employer that we're referring to, the one that terminated my employment.
So technically I wasn't fired.
I had an annual faculty contract that is renewed every year.
And my annual faculty contract was not renewed this year, thus terminating my employment with that employer with Washington State.
But they did send me a memo in March outlining
you know, the things that they were concerned about and specifically referencing everything specifically referenced the Senator Johnson event on December 7th, 2022 in Washington DC and my personal and testimony at that event.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.
So what exactly did they say that you said that is problematic that we need to know about?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, so the memo has been released publicly now.
It's out there.
And I imagine that you'll post this for people to read.
The first parts of the memo, this was in March of this year, that my employer sent me this.
And again, they specifically cited the Senator Johnson event.
And they had some questions.
The first three points had to do with, did I take official personal leave?
And, you know, things related to that.
And I can assure the listener that I did.
I took leave the way we always take leave.
My lead physicians knew I was going to be on personal time off.
Substitutes were found for my classes.
And the event itself actually was not even held on a day where I normally teach.
So it's always my day off.
So all that was done according to the way we've always done it.
And I did issue a media release ahead of the event that also is available.
I sent it to my employer as well.
It clearly stated in the media release that my views were my own and that I was not there representing any other entity or employer.
So really the concern that I have are with the last two parts of that memo, the fourth part of the memo
states that it's the ethical obligation of my employer, the medical school, to report the words that I spoke at the Senator Johnson event, because they have an ethical obligation to do that, to report me to the medical commission.
Because I may have provided misinformation is what they say.
They don't go into more detail about what that might be.
And we can talk about what I said at the event in a minute.
And then the fifth point is that they follow the evidence and I may no longer be suited to teach medical students.
Yeah, I have taught, you know, I had taught at this particular school just for a few years as far as a paid faculty position.
But I've taught in medical schools for my entire career.
So over 20 plus years of teaching, I've literally taught countless thousands, medical students, residents and interns.

[SPEAKER_00]
And suddenly after one talk, you're disqualified.
What specifically did you say at that hearing that they cited as being problematic?

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, they didn't say, they didn't cite anything in the memo, other than that I may have provided misinformation.
But, you know, my testimony at the Senator Johnson event was on my own personal time.
It was at the request of a U.S.
Senator.
It was held in the Kennedy Caucus Room in Washington, D.C., on Capitol Hill.
And it was a fact-finding event, right?
So I spoke, and the interesting part is that I really didn't say anything that was even controversial.
I said there is an increase in myocarditis.
I showed the package insert from a box of mRNA product that I had pulled out a few months ago.

[SPEAKER_00]
I remember that.
That was brilliant.
How did you come up with that idea?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, to be honest with you, I have never prescribed or ordered this COVID-19 shot for any child because I think the data was, I was watching the evidence and I was watching what I was seeing and I wasn't happy with it.
So I've never ordered this knowingly for a child.
And so I never really had access to a box of mRNA product.
But ahead of that event, a few months earlier, I was actually working in a clinic where
The product was there in the refrigerator or wherever they stored it.
And I said to my nurse, I said, can I go open a box and just see?
Because I've heard that the package insert says intentionally blank on it.
And so we walked in there together.
We unsealed a box of mRNA product.
And I pulled out the wadded up, really nicely, meticulously folded.
package insert and I opened it my nurse and I opened it together and the look on her face was it was She just was stunned because you open up this massive piece of white paper and all it said on it were the words intentionally blank and Then it had a little tiny thing that looked like a QR code But when you scan that which I did it said product not found so I
Honestly, I was as surprised as my nurse was.
I couldn't believe they had gone to the trouble of folding up this package insert into looking like something real.
And then it was so I brought it to show at the event at Senator Johnson's event.
So clearly that wasn't misinformation.
That was what I pulled out of the box.
And then I said at the event something along the lines of, you know, we're being silenced and censored, we're being threatened, my life is threatened, which frankly this is for the proof of that.
And then I think I said something to the effect that other nations have.
you know, have restricted or banned this product for their younger people because their scientists have reviewed data and have been really alarmed by what they're seeing.
And so all those things are true.
And that was pretty much it.
So I'm struggling to understand even what was, you know, questionable in what I said.
I have the right to say anything in a fact-finding event.
It's there for fact-finding at the request of a US senator.

[SPEAKER_00]
Have you asked them specifically and written an email saying, hey, don't want to do this in the future.
Obviously, there was something that I said that was wrong.
Could you please, please, please tell me specifically what it is so I don't make the same mistake?

[SPEAKER_04]
No, I've said that employer emails in the past requesting sit down visits to discuss topics like informed consent and what is being taught to our students.
And I have never had an answer back to any of my requests like that.
You and I have the same problem.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_00]
It seems to be common to everybody on our side that questions the narrative.
We never get any of our question answered.
It's so frustrating, too, because I really don't want to be a misinformation spreader, but nobody is telling me what I said that is wrong and providing the evidence that I'm wrong.
So you have the same problem.

[SPEAKER_04]
So yeah, we all the nation has this problem, right?
And that's why I'm bringing this forward.
Our nation has a massive problem.
If we're silencing, look, I I've been very open and honest about my my, you know, reasons for going to this event.
I have been pro vaccine my entire career.
I trusted our regulatory agencies.
I saw them pull.
When I first started practice back in the late 1990s, I saw them pull the original rotavirus vaccine from the market.
And they pulled it over less than 100 cases nationwide of a rare intestinal problem in babies.
And I saw them pull it.
And I thought to myself, oh, that's my regulatory agencies.
They're doing what they're supposed to do.
They're keeping the American children safe.
So I didn't have any reason to not trust them, but somewhere between that rotavirus vaccine and what we're seeing currently with COVID, something has gone catastrophically wrong.
And so I've never been what they would call anti-vax.
I've always encouraged parents to vaccinate.

[SPEAKER_00]
I've had parents in my practice.

[SPEAKER_04]
I've had parents in my practice certainly who didn't vaccinate and I supported them.
That was their parental right.
That was their decision.

[SPEAKER_00]
So do you think they were crazy by the way at the time?

[SPEAKER_04]
The parents.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.
The parents that didn't want the vaccines.
You did like, you know, turn back the clock five years ago.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_00]
Do you think those parents were like totally misinformed or not following the science?

[SPEAKER_04]
I wouldn't use the word crazy.
I don't think I ever would have called any of my parents crazy but but but misinformed or not following the science or not rational that that these vaccines were protecting their children and and
And I think, so my point is I've trusted these regulatory agencies.
And so for me to go all the way to Washington DC on my own dime and my own time to speak was because I'm truly alarmed about what I've been seeing.
And what I've been seeing is not just data.
I have direct knowledge of, this is not just data points somewhere.
I have direct knowledge of patients who have been clearly, as you were talking about earlier, when something happens to a young person,
who is otherwise perfectly healthy.
And the younger they are, the more obvious it is.
And something happens to them within a week to a week and a half, two weeks of the receipt of this new technology product, this genetic product that we have no understanding of what the long-term consequences are of it.
And we have alarming data regarding the short-term problems.
When something happens to someone within a week and a half of receiving this, it becomes very obvious that something is wrong.
And I have direct knowledge of way too many cases of young people and even children harmed by this.
Again, I've not ordered it myself for a patient, but just in my own life, in family, friends, in
Everyday community, I'm seeing too many cases.
I know what a normal rate is of myocarditis.
It is definitely increased.
So these are not just numbers on a piece of paper.
These are real people with real lives.
And so I flew out to DC so I could speak to a US senator about it.
Yeah.
And this is what happened as a result.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.
So quantify that for me.
Way too many cases.
Too many cases.
Yeah.
How many cases?
Tell me numbers.

[SPEAKER_04]
I don't have direct numbers.
I can tell you that as a practicing pediatrician, I've practiced for over 20 years, really over 25 years.
I've taken care of some extremely sick children in hospital settings.
Before the rollout of these products and before this whole, you know, last few years, I saw maybe two or three cases in my entire career of myocarditis.
It was extraordinarily rare.
And if you look at the numbers, it was in the order of one to two per million.
It was very rare.
So for one pediatrician to see a couple cases in a whole career, that would be pretty normal.

[SPEAKER_00]
And how long is your career?
Sorry, how long is your career?

[SPEAKER_04]
Over 20, 25 years of practice.
So two to three cases.
And over the last, really since the rollout of this product, I have direct knowledge of a number of cases.
number of them I'd have to you know I can't give you a number as to how much it's happening nationwide but way more than have you seen have you seen how many total have you seen have you seen five have you seen 10 have you seen 20 yeah I'm not saying I've seen them as patients I'm saying that parents have have come to me and I've spoken with parents or relatives of people whose child has suffered from myocarditis and and so you know
I don't know, I hate to put a number to it, but I would say under 10, but that's still way too many, right?
When you know what the normal ebb and flow is of your everyday life out there and how rare this condition used to be, I can tell it's a decrease, yeah.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, but do you know how many of your direct patients have developed myocarditis post vaccine?

[SPEAKER_04]
My own personal patients, I've been practicing in an area where most parents actually have not given the shot to their children.
So, uh, so not, yeah.
So I don't, I can't say that I had, I had one child who had within a few days of this shot had palpitations who came to me who had cardiac palpitations had been to the emergency room several times.
And I looked back at his record and he,
He wasn't someone who had any kind of drama.
He wasn't someone who went to the emergency room frequently for anything.

[SPEAKER_00]
I mean, pre-vaccine.

[SPEAKER_04]
Pre-vaccine, yeah.
Pre-shot, yeah.
You get a favor for what's normal.
I've had nurses calling me from my old facilities where I've worked and who are telling me, who they're very upset.
They're like, you know, we are seeing an increase in young people coming in with heart problems.
We're definitely seeing an increase in blood clots.
Look, we're all trained professionals who know what a normal amount of injury is that we would hear about.
We're seeing unusual amounts in young people.

[SPEAKER_00]
Right.
I mean, one of the problems that I have is a misinformation super spreader is.
I need data.
I need actual numbers.
I need before and after numbers.
It can't be like, well, we're seeing more.
Okay.
Well, is it 10% more?
I hate to keep harping on this, but it's really important that, because if it's four times as many,
That's very incriminating.
If it's 5% more, people can, you know, maybe depending on what the numbers are, they could chalk that up to, oh, just, just statistical variation.
You're just more sensitive right now.
So is it more like on the order of 5% or is it more like twice as many, you know, what your, what your friends are seeing?
What's the, what's the closest number?

[SPEAKER_04]
I can't give you a number.
I'm one pediatrician who is in the sea of the healthcare world, right?
We have places that track this kind of data.
All I can tell you is I have seen and heard enough to clearly know that this is worth risking my career over because this is an increase.
I can't give you a number.
I know you're a numbers guy.
I wish I could say,
whatever number.
There is no doubt in my mind that there is a problem.

[SPEAKER_00]
What has your opinion shifted on vaccines in general?
You know, since you essentially got redpilled on the COVID vaccine, what's your what's your current thinking about other vaccines?
Do you think other vaccines are safe and effective just like they told you?
Or do you think they might be lying to you on that?
Or do you now have have you discovered that they weren't telling you the truth on the other vaccines?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, again, as someone who's never been anti-vax,
For my whole career, I would say I have significant questions now.
I think that we need to go back.
We need to look at the studies that were done.
More and more people are digging into the studies that were actually done and finding, as you know, some really terrifying things that none of us knew.
There were no placebo trials done, for example.
With placebo, the children were not followed for a long period of time.
I have questions, and that's why I would leave it for right now.
I'm science-based.
I want to go back and have a team of experts go back and look at this without conflict of interest.
That would be novel, wouldn't it?
Yeah, so clearly something has gone wrong with the COVID-19 shots.
And also, you have to understand, I'm looking at children with COVID-19 infections.
I've literally taken care of hundreds of children with COVID-19 infections.
And I'm not saying that children can't possibly be hospitalized with COVID.
They can, just like any virus.
But by and large, I have yet to have a single one of the patients I've seen with COVID
end up in the hospital overnight.
They've all had a virus, and they've all recovered nicely.
And I've taken care of hundreds of them.
So the data is very clear when it comes to the health of our nation's kids with COVID-19.
They have a statistical, essentially 0% risk of a fatality from COVID-19.
So there was never an emergency for our nation's children.
And yet this product was launched on them
many of them by force, by coercion, by being bullied into it, not with an informed consent discussion with their families.
And so anything that could be harmful to them from the shot is especially catastrophic given that, you know, there was never an emergency.
What what in the world do we think we were protecting them from?
So this needs to be discussed by people who are by many people.
including, you know, practicing physicians who are not conflicted and who are not, you know, their opinions are not altered by their threat of a job loss or their threat of being persecuted in some way, right?
So we need to have a big sit-down.
And I know you've tried to bring people to the table to have that and it's been crickets, right?
Crickets.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.
Yeah.
So could you discuss this topic at Wash U?
Washington State University?

[SPEAKER_04]
So I've tried.

[SPEAKER_00]
Or is that not allowed?

[SPEAKER_04]
It's not allowed.
There has been a social taboo in the healthcare world and in medical schools.
And I'm not trying to, you know, this is one particular medical school.
This is happening across the nation.
There is a social, I call it a social taboo within the healthcare world.
This is playing out before our eyes.
This pandemic and our response to it is playing out right in front of us.
And you would think that institutions of higher learning and academic centers would have this on the forefront of their panel discussions and pros and cons of this, discussions and dialogues about, well, what are the benefits?
What are the harms?
We should be actively having that
ability to have those conversations and to see the intellectual curiosity and really the need to keep our population safe and to make the best decisions in what has obviously been a very fluid situation.
And instead, when you try to bring this up, no one wants to hear it.
The faculty all of a sudden begin to stare at the table in front of them, the big boardroom table.
I can't tell you how many times I brought this up and it's silent in the room.
People just stare at the table in front of them and they will not touch this hot potato.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_00]
So like a third rail, uh, so intellectual curiosity is dead.
You can't talk about it.
So no matter how many kids die, so let's say they mandated the shots at your university and 25% of the kids died.
No, let's talk about it, right?
You know, that obviously can happen, but if it, I don't know, where's the, no, I'm asking, it's hypothetical question.
If 25% of the student body dies, are you allowed to talk about it or is it basically off the table and it doesn't matter if 25% of students die, 50% of students, it doesn't even matter if all the students die, we will not talk about it.
Is that what it's come down to?

[SPEAKER_04]
I have no idea.
I haven't seen a memo issued to say, OK, if it's 10% or if it's 1% or if it's 0.5%, look, the bottom line is our institutions of higher education and any institution that is dealing with public health needs to make sure that we're having these conversations.
And instead, the conversations are not even allowed to happen at any level.
You just cannot touch this.
So I'm looking at evidence.
And despite the memo that said I wasn't or alluded to the fact that I wasn't, I'm looking at the evidence that's right in front of me.
I've looked in the eyes of family members who've lost young relatives within a week to two weeks of this injection being given to them.
There's no other explanation.
I am looking at the evidence.
I'm looking at data coming from other countries, looking at studies from Switzerland, from other countries that are looking at
the elevation of like troponin levels.
Troponin is the enzyme that's released when there's heart muscle injury.
You know, there was a recent study out of, I believe, Switzerland that showed that one in 35 of the people that they looked at following the booster had elevated troponin levels.
One in 35.
You know, if I told you that there was a study that showed that it was one in 3500,
That would be a nightmare because this product is being given to children who have a one in a million, if any, risk of a fatality from the infection itself.
So anything more than one in a million would be wrong.
But it's not even 1 in 3500.
These studies are showing numbers of like 1 in 35 to 1 in 40.
What does that mean long term?
We don't know.
We should be having vigorous discussions about this as a country.
And instead, we're punishing physicians like me and other physicians who have spoken out.
So that in itself is just so wrong, right?

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.
So, you know, we're calmly discussing this right now.
Yeah.
You know, when I first started in my career as a misinformation super spreader, I was like, so live it.
And I was so enraged that this is happening.
And people would say, you sound like a crazy person.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_00]
And, and so now I just like
Yeah, so 25% of the people died.
And it comes across as more credible, because you're not getting all excited and emotional about it.
And it's crazy, because I bet if you weren't on camera here,
Like you would be used, and I don't know you at all, we just met.
But if it were me, I'd be using four letter words like there's no tomorrow on how messed up this system is and how amazingly messed up these doctors are for not realizing this and so forth.
I would be livid.
But it's like, yeah, you have to keep it, keep it down and, you know, just be super calm about it.
Otherwise people won't listen to you.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, I don't.
I'm a pediatrician.
I try really hard not to curse, honestly, because there's little people listening.
But yeah, it cursed a lot the last few, few years with us privately.
not around the kids, but privately.
Look, let me give you one example.
And I'm going to give you one example.

[SPEAKER_00]
By the way, good for you.
It shows you're a human being, right, that you're doing this.
Because I don't think any one of us could stay like, oh, wow, yeah, 12 kids died last week in my clinic or myocarditis.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, the numbers are not.
I don't want the viewer to leave with numbers that high in their head either, OK?
But at the same time, we have to try and make a point.
The point being that the number is coming from other countries.
We're America.
We're supposed to be helping lead this.
Where are we?
We are so far behind this.
Other nations have figured this out before we have.
I'm going to give you an example.
And I'm going to be careful not to name the city.
But I was visiting with a friend about a year ago.
And I hadn't seen this friend for a number of years.
And we lost track of each other.
This friend is not in health care.
And this friend's.
Son in his 20s was in our military and was given this product, this mRNA product.
Within five days of receiving this product, and this is a healthy young man in his early 20s, within five days of receiving this mRNA product, he had chest pain, he had palpitations.
He went in to see his military physician who drew blood work and did other studies and diagnosed him with myocarditis, inflammation of the heart.
This young man, within about a couple months of that diagnosis, was medically discharged from the military with ongoing problems with myocarditis, heart inflammation, with high blood pressure, and some other conditions.
And he never had any of those before the receipt of this product.
A young man with a full life ahead of him.
And his military physician told him it wasn't from the shot that had just been given, again, second dose five days earlier.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yes, except you were the 10th case this week with the same symptoms after the shot.

[SPEAKER_04]
We have an overwhelming amount of evidence.
If you look at the Department of Defense data, if you look at the life insurance data, you look at all those things that people have all brought their part of the puzzle to this picture, I shouldn't be hearing about that from a random friend that I go to lunch with that I haven't seen for a while.
That young man, a year later, still has health issues.
This is a nightmare for our nation.
We cannot continue down this path where we are told to be silent and threatened and told to lie to the American public, essentially.
And I do want to add one more thing, and that's that
I really don't believe that I think there are many physicians out there who have simply believed the propaganda that is coming at them from the medical journals that we read.
You have to understand the propaganda, as we all know, has infiltrated our mainstream media.
It has also infiltrated our medical journals and all the things that we use
to decide about patient care.
So as one physician, I can't, and they can't all go do the research and figure things out from square one.
We trust these agencies to tell the truth.
And they're so infiltrated right now with propaganda that it's become a nightmare.
So I do feel that many of these physicians don't understand how they have been misled.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_00]
So what exactly was your red pill moment?
Like, when did you go from trusting the CDC and trusting the FDA to now becoming a misinformation spreader?
I mean, what was the transition point?
Was it a single event?
Was it multiple events?
When did you transition?
And how long did it take you to transition from being in the nice blue pill world to joining us in in red pill land?
How long that?

[SPEAKER_04]
So I know you're saying it tongue in cheek with the whole being a misinformation spreader.
I'm actually not.
I'm speaking the truth.
I know, I know, I know, but I'm going to say that for the record.
So I know, I know.
So
Look, so my family, my, my, I have an interesting family background.
I've shared that publicly.
My dad was born in Buenos Aires, actually.
My mom was born in Prague, former Czechoslovakia.
And they met behind the iron curtain of communism and fled to America.
They legally immigrated to America after they fled their homeland.
You don't flee communism because it's amazing.
You flee communism because your life has become a living hell.
So my family fled from that and came to the US legally for freedom.
I was born here, I'm a first generation.
And so I've always been warned about things could change.
And I always thought my mom was, I love my mom, but I always thought she was a bit kooky with it.
She was like, we need to get goats and cows and we need to be able to be self-sustaining because the government can turn, the world can turn.
And I kind of thought, no, this is America.
I love my country.
There's no way this would ever happen.
And so I've watched propaganda seeping into our mainstream media since I would say 2010, 2012.
And I watched it get worse and worse.
And by the time we hit 2014 and 16 and 18, it was awful.
We've all watched that happen.
But I never really made the connection with the health care world.
As stupid as that may sound, I just never made the connection.
I really didn't think that this could be so
gigantic as to infiltrate everywhere.
And so it really wasn't until COVID hit and
As they announced this virus appearing on our shores, I was pretty scared, I'll be honest.
Because as a pediatrician, if you follow me around, you'll see that our nation's kids that I see, they sneeze on me, they cough right in my face.
I'm pretty much covered in it by the end of my day.
They're wonderful people, little people, but they don't cover up their mouths.
So I was pretty sure I would get this really quickly.
And I thought, well, this may be the end.
I mean, what is this virus?
And so as it rolled out, I was fearful of it, just like many people were.
And then I began to crunch some numbers.
I'm a numbers person too.
I like to see the numbers.
And I was crunching the number of fatalities that they were announcing.
I was trying to figure out the infection fatality rate, which is basically how to calculate.
That's a very simple calculation.
How many fatalities have you had over what's in your denominator?
How many people have contracted the illness?
And clearly, we didn't know with the denominator because many people couldn't be tested.
And there was all sorts of things wrong with the testing.
But I began to look at the numbers.
And I was like, this really, what we're seeing is a tidal wave of this new infection hitting a population that hasn't seen this infection before.
So you are going to end up with more people in the emergency room and more people
and some will pass from it.
But I wasn't seeing those numbers play out for kids.
And the numbers weren't as terrifying as it was all being made out to be.
And so I was confused for a while.
I'll be honest.
I was crunching numbers.
Things just weren't adding up.
They weren't making sense to me.
I was very frustrated.
I cleaned a lot of toilets.
I have some friends that will tell you I came and cleaned toilets with vigor because it gave me an outlet from my frustration with what was happening.
But then it slowly started to come into focus.
And then once you see it, you really can't unsee it.
So I wouldn't say there was one aha moment.
It was over a period of a number of months.
And then I watched the hearing.

[SPEAKER_00]
But it was post-vaccine rollout, or was it post-COVID?
Was it in 2020 or was it in 2021?

[SPEAKER_04]
It would have been sort of late 2020, but then really, really hit, I really began to see the role in 2021.
I watched the hearings that they had to decide if they were going to launch this product onto our nation's kids.
I was yelling at my computer.
They didn't have the data.
And then it doesn't matter.
The data didn't matter.
They didn't have the data.
I was yelling at my computer.
My neighbors probably heard me.
I was screaming like, you don't have the data.
And then they actually had that now.
Honestly, it was the most terrifying quote I think I've ever heard anyone say.
It was by one of the doctors who was in the session.
He was, I think, but I believe he was the head of the New England Journal at the time.
And he basically said, we don't have the data.
We're not going to know until we roll it out there.
And I don't have the exact quote we'd have.

[SPEAKER_00]
And that's just the way it goes.
Yeah.
I think he ended with that.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
Well, I love my observation.
I love that.
I think somewhere your mom's teachings seeped in, even though you thought consciously that she was a little out there.
Cause I think my kids too, you see it later.
Like they think I'm a little crazy with all my stuff around this movement.
But it sinks in, and when a crisis arises, you return to that.
Right?
So I love that.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
My mom watched a professor.
When she was in college, she watched them come.
They came for one of her professors in an adjacent room.
And they didn't know she was there.
She was eavesdropping.
They, being members of the college,
Communist Party.
They came for him and they were braiding him.
He was teaching Mendelian genetics in her college that was just near the monastery where Greg Mandel did his famous green pea, you know, pea experiments.
He was teaching genetics, and that was not part of the party line.
And they left with him, and she never saw him again.
So this is history repeating itself with brand new twists.
And we can't sustain this as a country.
This has to stop.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
And it stops by all of us speaking out.

[SPEAKER_00]
By the way, just for those of you who aren't familiar, the quote comes from Eric Rubin, who's the editor of New England Journal of Medicine.
And his quote was, we're never going to learn how safe the vaccine is until we start giving it.

[SPEAKER_05]
And that was at the VRBAC meeting to approve the shots for children, not for adults, but for like five to 12 year olds.

[SPEAKER_00]
Look guys, we just got to give them, yeah, we just got to give them and then we'll find out.
You're the test case.

[SPEAKER_04]
So I was watching that.
I knew they didn't have the data.
I could see they didn't have the data.
And I was yelling.
And I did.
Yeah, I was.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, I do want to bring on Dr. Hadar to join us and we'll have some Q&A as well.
So Hank tight.

[SPEAKER_04]
I'd like to give her an intro.
Hi.

[SPEAKER_05]
Dr. Hadar, Sophia Elbas.
Am I pronouncing that right?

[SPEAKER_01]
Absolutely, yes.

[SPEAKER_05]
Good enough.
Okay, Dr. Hadar is the Director of Functional Medicine at the Wellness Company.
Originally from Israel, she finished her military service there and then moved to New York to study nursing at Hunter College.
That's where she realized her calling was in holistic healing.
And she went on to obtain a master's in traditional Chinese medicine and then went on further to get a doctor of acupuncture and Chinese medicine from Pacific College of Oriental Medicine in April of 2017.
Dr. Elbaz is extremely passionate and knowledgeable about functional medicine and getting to the root of health problems, focusing on endocrine disorders,
such as the thyroid, adrenals, and hormone balance, gastrointestinal issues, such as leaky gut, food allergies, and sensitivities, and the immune system and how all these systems interact.
Welcome.
That's the main thing.
That's great.

[SPEAKER_01]
Thank you so much for having me here tonight.
I really appreciate it.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, so tell us how did, how were you found by the wellness company?
How they find you?
Because I love the array of doctors now that we're seeing.
It's the specialties, right?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, we have such a great team, such a great company.
I'm so honored to be part of this great team.
So I've been practicing medicine for over 17 years.
I've been in private practice for myself back in California.
And I've been, you know, posting a lot of stuff on social media on Instagram and
against what's going on, especially in the last few years, and I've been speaking up.
And I've always had my share of experience with vaccines and vaccine injuries from patients, my own experience, military experience, and so on.
So they found me and recruited me on board.
And of course, I said, yes.
So it was such an honor and very excited to be
as part of the team.

[SPEAKER_05]
It's a great compliment to the sort of the MD side and to have this holistic
side.
And I think we're all thirsty for more of that kind of medicine.
I mean, there's absolutely a role for allopathic, but we're looking for ways to heal that where we don't turn always to just more pharmaceutical medicines, right?
And then treating our symptoms from the pharma medicines with more pharma medicines and that whole slippery slope.
So yeah, so let me take some audience questions or Steve, do you have any questions first or

[SPEAKER_00]
I'm just curious as to your role at the wellness company.
What do you do on a day-to-day basis?
Are you consulting with patients or what's your... Yeah, so I'm actually pretty new at the wellness company.

[SPEAKER_01]
Again, I've had my private practice for so long, so I've been seeing patients.
I do see patients via telemedicine and with the wellness company and also in person.
With the wellness company, I am working on the natural holistic side to build natural health kits and testing kits and other things that we're doing all holistic to complement our telemedicine, which is more of a Western medicine to help people with freedom from pharma in a nutshell.
So my role is creating programs, bringing tools
and bring holistic methods to help grow our company and grow side by side with the alphathic to bring more natural health and natural remedies to the company and to our audience, of course, and patients.

[SPEAKER_00]
And so what would be an example of a success story where a patient came into the wellness company and, you know, you treated them, what was the sort of before and after and how long it took?
Well, again, so I've been treating and are you treating and are you treating vaccine injured?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yes.
So vaccine injuries are actually some of my most passionate areas of expertise as well, because again, in my 17 plus years of practice, I have seen many injured patients from vaccines.
whether it's, of course, COVID in the last few years, but previous to that, you know, children from MMR and other vaccines, HPV and other vaccines, of course.
So I typically do a root cause diagnosis, right?
I always look at the root cause to treat patients.
So I do a thorough intake and see what is going on, get the whole history from childhood, look at traumas, look at vaccines, look at nutrition, look at their
Of course, day-to-day bowel movements, sleep, lifestyle, right?
Gut health.
I do blood work.
I do stool testing.
So I look at the whole functional medicine picture to see what's going on with the patient, so then I can accordingly treat.
So once I have the picture, and I know the root cause, accordingly we treat.
So supplements, nutrition programs, whether it's also acupuncture, but mostly functional medicine, taking the patient onto a
a healthier holistic way of removing toxins, removing the elements, removing the root causes that are causing the ailments in the patient.

[SPEAKER_00]
So, but can you give us a specific example?
No patient names, of course.
Patient came into you with whatever and in three months based on blah, blah, blah, this happened.

[SPEAKER_01]
sure I've had patients and someone someone was in a wheelchair for the last 50 years came in and in three weeks is now running marathons you know something like that pretty much so I've had patients with injuries with vaccine injuries they had no idea it was actually vaccine injuries so they come in with
you know, dizziness, lightheadedness, gut issues, cannot walk straight, cannot sleep well, vision problems, ear ringing, you name it.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, the typical COVID vaccine side effects.

[SPEAKER_01]
Exactly.
And so getting them, of course, figuring out what's going on and they're not believing that it's actually the vaccine.

[SPEAKER_00]
No, it's not, it never is.

[SPEAKER_01]
They never do, right?
Because they're told, oh, it's not connected, it's not connected.

[SPEAKER_00]
We don't know what it is, but for sure it's not the vaccine.
See, I could be a doctor.
They could, Renata, I could be certified for that, right?
If I, that's all you need to know in medical school is that we don't know what's causing it, but whatever it is, it wasn't the vaccine.
And you get like an instant MD degree today.

[SPEAKER_01]
It's never the vaccine.

[SPEAKER_00]
So I mean, I know the trick.
I know I could, you know, anytime I want, I could just get an M.D.

[SPEAKER_01]
Exactly.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, yeah, go ahead.

[SPEAKER_01]
No, sorry.
So yeah, so the adjuvants in vaccines, as we know, can cause a lot of neurological disorders causing those problems.
So if you take, for example, mercury toxicity,
and autistic children, symptoms, right?
It will be a lot of same symptoms and they're still saying it's nothing to do with the vaccine, nothing to do with the heavy metals.
Of course it is.
So my success stories have been in many, many patient cases.
removing the toxins from the body, getting them on detox programs and also incorporating sauna and daily sweating, making sure their bowels are emptying daily because that's crucial, right?
Making sure they're exercising, making sure they're sleeping properly, they're getting sunlight, they are, you know, like I said, exercising and all these things and bringing them back to their normal
previous health where they are functioning on day-to-day basis, thinking clear, not brain fogged, and are actually able to say, thank you so much.
I feel so much better.
You've done an amazing job.
It's fantastic.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, welcome to the wellness company.
And we love being able to talk to you here.
Let me get a few.
Yeah.
I'm going to take a few.

[SPEAKER_00]
I'm curious.
Have you seen anything like this COVID vaccine?
And you said you dealt with vaccine injuries in the past.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_00]
I mean, do you think the COVID vaccine is
Not just as deadly as or just as same number of adverse side effects as any other vaccine.
Is it more deadly, less deadly, or more dangerous?
What's your assessment?
I think it's like 10x, 5x, 2x.
What quantify it?

[SPEAKER_01]
My blood boils when it comes to COVID vaccines stories and injuries and deaths because I've known personal stories of people who took the vaccine and the next day died.
Mother is a friend of mine and people that I know personally.
Obviously, the COVID vaccine is extremely dangerous.
There's nothing safe about it.
It's not a vaccine.
It's a gene therapy.
It's a bio weapon created to
In my opinion, of course, to depopulate and everybody, of course, we all have different opinions, but that's my opinion from the history of what I've read and learned as my own person.
But I think it's just a deadly vaccine that should not be given to anyone.
It was never tested.
It wasn't enough time to create the vaccine.
Normal vaccines take years to make.
That is not a vaccine.
And the mRNA clearly is not something safe that stays in one area of your arm.
and then disappears, it goes to all of the organs, affects the organs, the spike protein is deadly and everything else that goes around in that vaccine is extremely deadly and there's nothing safe about it.

[SPEAKER_00]
Okay, well do you think there are any safe vaccines?
In other words, if you had kids right now, would there be anything on the CDC's childhood schedule that you would give them?

[SPEAKER_01]
I have one answer for you.
The only safe vaccine out there is the one not given.

[SPEAKER_00]
That one, I should ask for that the next time I'm in the doctor's office.

[SPEAKER_05]
Oh man, I wish I knew about that one.

[SPEAKER_00]
The one not given.
That is the one to ask for.

[SPEAKER_05]
Okay, so that's a perfect segue.
That is beautiful.
So let's start with some questions from the audience.
And actually, first, there's a comment for you, Dr.
Moon.
I want to read it.
It says, Dr.
Moon, your testimony inspired my husband to show a belligerent pharmacist the blank package insert.
The pharmacist ate crow.
The story is more complex, but for brevity, you are a shero.
And so it's important to remember
that you do that you're having an impact and that for your sacrifices, you are, you know, you are doing life's measurable.
Good.
Yeah.
So here's a national question.

[SPEAKER_00]
Have your career is destroyed, but you are saving lives, right?
Well, we have to speak, which is a good trade off, actually.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, well, all right, this is from Maital.
Oh, and that, by the way, was from Gaff 112, just for the record.
Maital asks of Dr.
Moon, have you dug into this, I think being the case against you, and who was behind your dismissal?
I mean, it was Washington State, but were they fed information from another source?
I would bet they received funding, looked specifically into Gates Foundation funding Washington State U.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, that's a great question.
I would, you know, the listeners, if they want to be helpful, that might be useful information.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
To find out.
So you don't, you don't know.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
Yeah.
And this is all pretty fresh.
This is all just about a month ago, a month and a half, two months ago.

[SPEAKER_05]
So very fresh.

[SPEAKER_04]
And I lost my health insurance.
You know, when I lost my employment, I lost my health insurance.
I lost my
I was one year away from my pension being invested.
I've lost a lot of things with that, not to mention the job I loved.
So I think I've been busy trying to figure some other part.
But yeah, I think that's a question.
Again, it's not about my job.
This is about what this means for health care moving forward.
If we have a situation where your physicians, your future physicians are being trained to not question anything,
or if they do question anything outside the mainstream narrative, this is what will happen to you.
Then what sort of future does our nation have in terms of health care?
And I think it's not hard for the viewer to see that that doesn't go anywhere good, right?
So we all need to work together to make this stop.

[SPEAKER_05]
It's a very dangerous precedent.
We're having our second COVID litigation conference in March in Vegas.
And we're expecting we had a very successful first one in Atlanta.
And issues like this came up, of course.
We have to fight this in the court.
Ultimately, we're going to have to push back in the courts, because we know that our elected leaders who are paid by Big Pharma aren't going to make change at the level of legislation, not anytime soon.
So we have to fight back in the courts.
Today, Dr. Meryl Nass just announced that she is suing the state of Maine Medical Board for violating her First Amendment rights, as you know, probably Dr.
Moon, that came after her.
And she had to hire, I think, several hundred thousands of dollars worth of legal fees.
And she was lucky to get CHD to take that on, pro bono.
You know, without that, you think of what your everyday doctor faces, right?
So she's suing back, and it's going to be great.
I mean, hopefully she wins that case and sets a precedent that you can't violate doctors.

[SPEAKER_04]
If we sit here and we take it, we've lost all of our ability to speak freely.
And we've lost the ability to take care of patients according to our oath.
And so if somewhere were to ask me, am I sorry that I spoke out?
Absolutely not.
Absolutely not.
Sorry at all.
I'm 100% correct in speaking out, and I stand by what I said.
Thank you.
That's where we are.
We all have to do that.

[SPEAKER_05]
I love it.
We have a question from Jane Does, 5000.
This is for Dr. Hadar.
Do you think it's possible to detox heavy metals?
in the brain from childhood vaccines, mercury and aluminum, using chelation methods or what chelation methods would you suggest?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, so I do believe it's still possible.
It's definitely possible to detox.
It depends also what the damage that has been done thus far.
But detoxing, I'm not a big fan of chelation necessarily because it can dump it straight in your bloodstream and create a havoc.
You really want to take it slowly when you really want to do it with binders.
One of my favorite ways is zeolite.
It's a great metal binder and detoxifier.
And I love to combine zeolite with charcoal, with chlorella, chlorophyll.
There are so many binders out there that I use for patients as well to help detox heavy metals from the brain, of course, unfortunately.
childhood vaccinations and heavy metals do cross the blood-brain barrier and therefore they attack the brain and create a lot of neurological problems and other problems but definitely helpful and useful and highly recommend detoxing with binders and high dosages of vitamin C as well to help remove the heavy metals toxicities and flush it out of course via stools, sweat
the binders will definitely help.

[SPEAKER_05]
What about fluoride damage?
I've heard that fluoride calcifies the pineal gland and my son has evidence of that.
He has dental fluorosis on his enamel from fluoride as a developing child.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, absolutely.
Fluoride is another newer toxin and it actually really also damages your thyroid gland.
So I never recommend using toothpaste with fluoride.
I've always recommended and I've used only fluoride-free and carrageenan-free and toxic-free toothpaste.
You do not need fluoride necessarily to keep a healthy teeth or healthy teeth.
Fluoride is also extremely toxic, like I said, so highly desirable to detox it.
And number one is to avoid it, avoid tap water, avoid waters that are contaminated with fluoride and avoiding toothpaste.
that do have fluoride and using natural ones without fluoride.
But yes, detoxing from that is number one, avoiding it.
And then again, taking binders, binders are just a great way overall to help detox any kind of metals and any kind of toxins in your body, fluoride being one of them for sure.

[SPEAKER_05]
Is it when you say binders, is it the same thing that pulls the metals out that binds it and takes it out of the body or those two separate things?

[SPEAKER_01]
Correct, exactly.
So binders is something that attaches kind of all the toxins into it and pulls it out from your body through bowels, through sweat, through all the detoxification methods like
lymphatic cleanse, of course, sleep or gallbladder, bowels, like I said, sweat, lungs, kidneys, everything, bowels.
But yeah, binder is extremely crucial and using zeolite and chlorella and charcoal as one of the most crucial.
Thank you.
Thank you for that.

[SPEAKER_05]
Dr.
Moon, did you use ivermectin or hydroxychloroquine for any of your patients who were sick at the height of COVID?
Did your institution find out about those prescriptions?
And I don't know if you can answer that.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, I actually can.
No, I never did, because all the children I saw with COVID were fine.
They had the sniffles.
Many of them, we barely knew they had it.
So who knows if their test was even accurate, as we know a lot of those were false positives.
But we had so many kids that came in with COVID, and they were all fine.
OK.
And another question for you.
That, by the way, I just want to add the adult physicians who used it, you know, come on, we had nothing else to offer people.
They were told to come in on day, you know, seven to 10 of illness whenever they got worse enough to be hospitalized.
No one had anything else to offer them.
safe medication that has been prescribed billions of times over in the world.
It's outrageous that these agencies came after those physicians who prescribed that medication.
I will say that.
I have met plenty of people who took it.
There was a gentleman I met actually in Mississippi
who, his story is profound, but he actually went to the emergency room, was turned away from the emergency room because they were so busy with oxygen levels of 61%.
He was turned away in the parking lot.
He went to find a local physician, and I'm not gonna go into the whole story here, but he was put on Ivermectin, he was treated by this local physician outside of the hospital setting, and he was alive to tell me about it.
You know, he did well.
It wasn't just cybermectin.
It was the blood thinners and the other things that we know are critical to that.
But to have denied patients the access to a perfectly safe medication that they could have tried when there was nothing else to offer them was
It's inhumane.

[SPEAKER_05]
It is inhumane, yeah.
And where were all the doctors who were treating patients safely for years with hydroxychloroquine for autoimmune disease and just knew absolutely firsthand that this is something you could take every day.
It was safe for pregnant women, nursing women.
It had been passed all those tests.
But now somehow for COVID, it's dangerous.

[SPEAKER_04]
Our population suffered from fear.
We were so indoctrinated with fear during this that we gave up many of our rights and the physicians treating many of these patients gave up their critical thinking also in fear that they would lose their licenses, that they would lose

[SPEAKER_05]
their professions and they they didn't do what what needed to be done for people so yeah no it's so true i never prescribed it so yeah good okay let's get a question in for dr hadar um saw research this is from laura pat 33 saw research that the vagus nerve can become inflamed not sure about accuracy but if is it true and if so is there a way to heal inflammation of the vagus nerve well um

[SPEAKER_01]
biggest nervous part of our cranial nerves and it's also found in the gut connected to the brain, right?
So it does affect, it does go through the enteric nervous system.
So it definitely can be.
I'm not an expert in that.
So I can't say a hundred percent, but I believe, I believe so.
Yeah, okay, great.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_05]
And Dr.
Moon.
Regarding the childhood, this is from Lisa.
Regarding the childhood rotavirus vaccine, rare side effect that you mentioned, is it into deception?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yes, yes.
Yeah, the initial rotavirus vaccine, I had just started practice and they pulled, they being the regulatory agencies had it, they pulled it over less than 100 cases nationwide.
of inter-susception.
And again, I was like, okay, they're doing their job.
They're pulling this product because it's caused more harm than good with these kids.
So I thought it was where I thought the system was working.
At least I thought I saw a system working the way it was intended.
But that was many, many years ago now in the late 1990s.
Right.

[SPEAKER_05]
Did you ever suspect this is regarding SIDS?
Did you ever suspect when you when your patients suffered
a child who died suddenly unexplained.
Did you ever suspect that it could have been vaccinations?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, so I it's an interesting question.
I think it's a fair one.
I think again, that's why I'm hesitant to throw out every childhood vaccine.
I think we need to look at the data and we need to go through this and see which ones do have benefit, which ones don't.
And where are we with this?
I personally have had one patient pass from SIDS in my entire career, one.
And that was when I was a resident physician.
I was still in training.
So I have not personally lost any other patients to SIDS.
So really, if it's something that's common, I wasn't seeing it.
So I would have heard about that, right?

[SPEAKER_00]
That's something that- How many hundreds of babies and would you actually hear about a SIDS case?
Because the SIDS case typically is handled by the police and then the baby is, the child never hits the hospital.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, I think it's a fair question too.
I think I would have heard because they would have no longer been in our practice.
Most of the time, I would suspect parents would call and say, you know, this is what's happened to my child.
I had the one.
back way way back in the early it would have been the mid 1990s when I was still in residency so so no I wasn't seeing that yeah yeah because I mean on my surveys I the rate of SIDS was very low was like one in a hundred but still one and that's for vaccinated kids yeah I think the question that what does come to mind is the question about autism right and
And so many parents have said this was related to the timing of the shots.
We've all, any pediatrician has heard that from multiple parents.
We were assured I was watching the data very closely or what the regulatory agencies were telling us anyway.
And this was in the early 2000s.
So 2000, I would say 2002, 2003, somewhere in there.
And they absolutely vilified Dr. Andrew Wakefield.
I mean, he, and I've actually met him just recently.
Nice man.
And he told me, I didn't even say that it did cause it.
I just said, I wondered if it might.
And, you know, the skies rained down on him.

[SPEAKER_00]
But what we were told... You're not allowed to speculate, by the way, on stuff like this.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, but what...
Yeah, what what I remember very clearly from that time period was they told us they had looked at this inside and out backwards and forwards left and right.
It was there was no link.
They were very clear about what they came out with.

[SPEAKER_00]
And they told you how they could prove the null hypothesis for the first time in scientific history.
But you can't you cannot prove the null hypothesis.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_00]
So let me ask you, do you do you believe that vaccines cause autism?

[SPEAKER_04]
I believe that I have great concern that we need to be looking at this very critically.

[SPEAKER_00]
How many cases of autism, that was very politically correct, how many cases of autism did you have in your pediatric practice?

[SPEAKER_04]
You know, it's a hard question because I actually, in my practice, was diagnosing autism for a wide geographic area.
So I had kids that were coming into me to be diagnosed with autism, even from as far away as Seattle, because they couldn't get in.

[SPEAKER_00]
How many kids total have you diagnosed?

[SPEAKER_04]
I wouldn't have a number.
I would say hundreds, because they were coming into me outside of my practice and to see me for it.

[SPEAKER_00]
And did you ask about the date of the last vaccination?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, no, it wasn't part of my questioning in those years now.

[SPEAKER_00]
It's amazing how you don't see.
Yeah.
You can't see what you don't look for.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_05]
What's your training?
I mean, it's easy to point, hindsight's 20, 20, whatever you want to say.
But your training was so strong, you were told by people you trusted, by experts in your industry that you trusted.
You saw when a vaccine did cause problems, how they acted swiftly, that seemed to be evidence that if it really were causing harm, they would treat it like they did the rotavirus vaccine.
So I mean, it's understandable, but now we just know so much more.

[SPEAKER_04]
No, as soon as I woke up to what was happening with this COVID shot, I've been speaking out.
And so I can sleep well at night.
I did my very best.
At the time you know to be able to understand the great corruption that is clearly present in these regulatory agencies it is overwhelming to really even consider this isn't like I trusted or we all trusted one person or we trusted that we would not have done but to trust an entire regulatory process an entire agency where there are teams of people teams of physicians looking at this and studying this and then giving you their
There's a real loss of faith here for many, many physicians.
And I've had many, many reaching out in terms of what our concerns are.
We trusted these regulatory agencies.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, so let me give you a statistic.
This comes from Dr. Doug Holstead, who's no longer practicing.
He has no reason to lie to people.
In his practice, he did track when the kids were vaccinated.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_00]
And in the kids that developed overnight autism, meaning that they were fine one day and they flipped the next, where you could establish a single date when they flipped.
In 44 cases, in all 44 cases of overnight autism, it happened within four weeks of a vaccine.
There were no cases where it happened within four weeks before a vaccine.
What does that tell you?
All right, what is not dr.
Moon.
What does that tell you?

[SPEAKER_04]
What was from that statistically impossible?

[SPEAKER_00]
It sounds like you know, it is statistically possible.
That's exactly right.
And you know how many physicians would actually come to that conclusion?
They would all say well 44 patients.
That's not very many.
That's a small study and that's an anecdote, right?

[SPEAKER_04]
I think what's interesting about autism is it's not going to just be one thing.
It will end up being multifactorial, I think.

[SPEAKER_00]
It turns out that most of the autism, if you take away the vaccine, there's a clinic that basically doesn't vaccinate.
They've been doing this for 25 years.
thousands and thousands and thousands of kids and they're not a single case of ADHD of autism of any food allergies or any kind of any anything that any kind of autoimmune Dr. Thomas's Dr. Thomas's clinic and others like no it's not Dr. Thomas's clinic this is much bigger long
Yeah, no, it's not.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, I think in the heart, autism is it really can take sometimes years for a child to be diagnosed, right?
So it's not, it's not.

[SPEAKER_00]
No, the parents when you have overnight autism, the parents know immediately.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, I wouldn't dispute that, but I will tell you I've met plenty of parents who have it has been years before their child was diagnosed with autism videos.
It's been so there are many, many cases where it does take much longer.
And so that correlation becomes much more difficult.

[SPEAKER_05]
When it's when it's high functioning autism spectrum disorder.
right so ASD where the child they're just off like they're just a bubble off they're socially off you know they're just behaviorally off they're learnings off but
but they sort of look and feel normal otherwise.
Those are the hard cases.
And I've experienced that in my family.

[SPEAKER_01]
Dr. Hadar, you've had something on that.
Yes, I want to say so much.
Yes, it's not just about autism.
There's so much that happens when you give vaccines to children.
When you compare unvaccinated children to vaccinated children, and I have many friends who've never vaccinated their children, and the children never have any autoimmune, any food allergies, never been to a doctor, no ear infection.
no strep, no health issues whatsoever, nothing.
Whereas children who are vaccinated, they come down with some kind of fever, infection, food allergies, gut issues, autism, autoimmune, you name it, thyroid problems, you name it.
Eczema, eczema.
I do believe and I know from seeing it firsthand,
that vaccines do show a lot of, obviously, I mean, they're adjuvants, they're heavy metals, they're toxins, how they make the vaccines and what they make them in.
And if people who know, like, what's in vaccines actually knew what's in vaccines, would never take that.
I mean, aborted fetus cells and canine, you know, and kidneys and animal, and, you know, of course, the heavy metals, aluminum, thymyrosol,
you know, polysorbate 80 and 20 opens up your blood brain barrier.
It's a surfactant.
So they allow all these chemicals to penetrate into your brain and cause harm.
So even if your child is not autistic, even if your child has been vaccinated and walks around saying, I'm vaccinated, but I'm totally fine, they're not.
Most people have a lot of side effects that they will not be reported because it's the daily natural childhood diseases
And I'm not talking about chicken pox or mumps or any of that, right?
I've been vaccinated with MMR and I've had mumps and I've had rubella and I've had all these childhood diseases, even though I had the vaccines, right?
Did it ever protect me?
No, it actually caused me other immune disorders.
And in the military, when I was vaccinated, I got so sick.
that I was just never again.
And the nurse is bullying, and that's when I woke up and I said, something is not right here.
We got to look into these vaccines.
There's something that's really not right.
What is going on here?
Let me dig deeper.
And so part of my PhD was studying the adjuvants and studying the side effects and the harm of vaccines.
And so
This is what I've been speaking about.

[SPEAKER_04]
It's very conversations that we need to be having as a nation.
Because at the end of the day, none of us sitting here want any harm to come to our nation's children, especially harm that we have inflicted on them in some way.
And so the very idea that our speech is being silenced, and we're having our careers threatened, that's the number one here, is that these should all be open discussions with different people from different
different training locations from different, you know, areas of study.
We need to be having open discussions about this and the very fact that we are being threatened for even bringing up things that are factual but somehow drift from the main narrative.
is alarming.
Five years ago, had I asked those questions, had I realized that there was a problem with regulatory agencies, and had I asked those questions, what would have happened five years ago?
I think we were freer five years ago than we are now.
We are less free than we are now.
Now, obviously what happened to Dr. Wakefield proves that this has been going on for quite some time in all likelihood.
But the news is tightening around us.
We can speak out less and less now.
And that's what should terrify all of us, right?
Is that we're not able to have this discussion openly.

[SPEAKER_00]
So do you know of any, do either of you know of any cases or any clinics where the unvaccinated did worse?
than the vaccinated because I'm still looking for that clinic.

[SPEAKER_04]
You have to understand we have worked for Americans.
American physicians really sold their soul to these companies.
We have worked for corporations for the majority of my career.
Right.
People worked.
It used to be they hung up their own shingle and went into practice for themselves.
And and instead we've worked for corporations and what so that data is not even accessible to us.
If if you have your own practice, you can go look.
And see, okay, these are my patients who are unvaccinated.
These are my patients who are vaccinated.
And you can do your own, like Dr. Paul Thomas did.
Most of us can't do that because the data is buried in these systems within the healthcare entity that you work for and you don't have access to it.
So it's really hard to even get that data should you want to find it.
Right.
So true.

[SPEAKER_05]
So true.
And it really is.
This is about information.
It's about freedom of speech, the ability to talk and discuss and debate and disagree, but to put it all out on the table.
Like you said, Dr.
Moon.
We have to fight for our right to continue to have a dialogue.

[SPEAKER_04]
And the very foundation of science and medicine is built on, first of all, a foundation of ethics, which we have just absolutely thrown out the window during this COVID-19 pandemic.
Our ethics went out the window.
We had young people, young children, being denied solid organ transplants at some centers because their parents refused to give them this experimental product, mRNA genetic shot.
You know, our ethics flew out the window.
And it's also built on a science of questioning and intellectual curiosity and the ability to have a dialogue and to speak.
And it's, we don't have that any longer.

[SPEAKER_05]
Right.
Well, that's a perfect final word because that really is what it's about.
And that's why you're here because you did speak and you're suffering the consequences.
And we wish you the best in and hopefully someone comes out and helps you fight back legally or however.
But.
We'll be rooting for you for sure.
And thank you Dr. Hadar for coming and Steve.
I have a few final announcements and then we'll close it up.
So our VSRF volunteers are live now on Twitter Spaces.
We usually go over after the show and we continue the discussion.
Tonight we will not be because there is a live town hall with presidential candidate Robert F. Kennedy on the topic of
censorship.
So it's right on point with what Dr.
Moon and Dr. Hadar, we were all discussing.
So head on over there.
We'll put the link in the chat.
Don't forget, we have our VSRF swag shop.
It's open.
And we have lots of fun items, dresses, tumblers, bathing suits.
It's getting kind of late for that.
But the sweatshirts are great.
Those pajama pants I have.
I love those.
Get your merch.
Get your swag.
Swag.
Swag, as Livio says.
I love that.
And then join us again next Thursday, August 24.
Again, exclusively on Rumble.
We will be joined by special guest Dr. Kirk Milhohn and a surprise guest or two.
They're queuing up right now.
Dr. Milhorn is a pediatric cardiologist and senior pastor and founder of the Calvary Chapel in Maui.
So he is there on the ground leading an effort with others to provide direct aid to the victims of the fire.
And so next week, we're going to get to talk with our Maui friends on the ground, find out what is really happening there.
And how can we help?
So be sure to join us.
And we will leave you tonight with a wonderful live performance by music artist Oliver Anthony.
He's performing his breakout single, Rich Men North of Richmond.
And YouTube says this about him, quote, Oliver Anthony has become one of the most viral sensations in country music with this song.
Thank you, everyone.
Have a great night.

[SPEAKER_00]
Before you go, I have one one message.
I got I just got this.

[SPEAKER_05]
Love it.
I love it.

[SPEAKER_00]
Actually, I've been I've been reading through it.
It's actually pretty good.
It's it.
So wait, is it a short?
It's a short read.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
Oh, cool.
Like a reference book.
And who is it written by?

[SPEAKER_00]
No, it's it's it's written by Vernon Coleman, who I I'm not familiar with them.
It doesn't have a page numbers on this book.
You know, it is anyone who just super dense, but love it.
He makes all these same points that I make.
It sounds like I'm reading stuff that I wrote.

[SPEAKER_05]
He's plagiarized your thoughts and statements.

[SPEAKER_00]
No, no, I, you know, I'm sure he's been doing this for much longer than I am.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_00]
I'm kidding.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, thanks for sharing that.
Hold it up one more time.
Anyone who tells you.

[SPEAKER_00]
Vernon Coleman.
It's available on Amazon.

[SPEAKER_05]
Not censored yet.

[SPEAKER_00]
It was only like five bucks on Amazon.

[SPEAKER_05]
Wow.
All right.
We'll get it.
That's a great final word.
All right.
Good night, everybody.
Join us next week.
Bye, Steve.
See you soon.

[SPEAKER_02]
Hey man, you're singing what we're thinking.
I've been selling my soul, working all day, double time hours, bullshit pain, so I can sell out here, waste my life away, drive back home, drown my troubles away, it's a damn shame, what the world got into,
People like me and people like you and Chaka just wake up and it's not be true, but it is.
All it is, living in a new world with an old soul.
I know what you do, and I don't think you know, but I know what you do, is you're not the right shit, and it's taxing all in.

[UNKNOWN]
Perfectly done.

[SPEAKER_02]
I wish politicians would look out for miners, and not just miners on an island somewhere.
Lord, we got folks in the street, and got nothing to eat.
And the obese, the built-in welfare.
By God, if you're five-foot-three, and you're 300 pounds, tax is all I'll pay for your plans
that are putting themselves six feet in the ground because all this damn country does is keep on hipping them down.
Well, it's a damn thing.
What the world can't do for people like me and people like you and chocolate just wake up and it's not being true.
But it is, or it is, living in the new world.
With an old soul He's Frenchman, North or Richmond But Lord knows they all Just want to have total control Want to know what you think Want to know what you do And they don't think you know But I know what you do Cause your dollar ain't shit And his tax to know him Calls the rich man, North or Richmond

[UNKNOWN]
I've been selling my soul, working all day
you
