[UNKNOWN]
you

[SPEAKER_08]
We know the jabs are bringing death And still they're seeking arms To deliver their poison Which time reveals the harm The propaganda still works for some But the truth is known by most
And yet it still goes on and on.
The parasite and the host.
Big far is a parasite.
Humanity its source.
Feeding on the spirit that some men now divorce.
And giving up their freedoms For a story built on lies A story made from fear Telling man to close his eyes We all know what happened here We all know the truth How many more have to die Before we call it proof We all know what happened here We all know the truth
How many more have to die before we call it proof?
Call it proof.
to hand over sovereignty and give way to machines, accepting their injections and ignoring what that means.
As the victims fall away, as we watch our fellows die, all this goes on and on as we tolerate the lie.
When will we revolt?
When will we aspire?
We allow this to happen as people clot and die.
More get injected amongst policies of death.
Government owns our money and now wants to own our breath.
We all know what happened here.
We all know the truth.
How many more have to die before we call it proof?
We all know what happened here.
We all know the truth.
How many more have to die before we call it proof?
Call it proof.

[SPEAKER_06]
Tonight on VSRF Live, we'll have a sneak preview of Steve Kirsch's appearance on Russell Brand's Stay Free.
Also joining is author John Bodewin, who will introduce his book, The Real CDC, Public Health Crimes 2020-2022, focusing on CDC's role in prioritizing vaccines over public health and safety.

[SPEAKER_04]
I got the data from the CDC.
I downloaded it 2014 through 2018 data.
And what happened was I found an error in pneumonia influenza.
There were a lot of cells that were missing.
So I filled in the cells.
You do it like a parody check.
And so I know math.
I'm an electrical engineer.
And I wrote to the keeper of the data.
and he didn't write back because every file from the CDC has an email and said you got a problem.
Your data's not adding up in 2014 through 2018 and it's making it look like, you know, there's a lot of stuff going on in 2020 that maybe it's not going on.
He didn't write back, like I said, but the data went down for 36 hours and when they put it back up 36 hours later they changed it.
They changed historical data.

[SPEAKER_06]
Good evening and welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm Livio Sanchez.
That was engineer, researcher, author, and father of three sons, John Bodwin Sr. speaking at the first COVID litigation conference last March in Atlanta.
He'll be joining us a little later on to discuss his work.
and on the fraudulent COVID narrative and his new book, The Real CDC.
We'll also be joined by Adam Dang, an outstanding student who founded MIT Students for Open Inquiry, or MIT SOI, which hosted Steve's presentation at MIT last week.
Thankfully, there are brave people like our special guest tonight, and like Steve Kurz, who have shown up for us these past few years and are demanding the kind of truth and transparency that people deserve from our governments.
We want to thank everyone who has contributed and donated to the VSRF with special thanks to those of you who attended and donated during our Rumble Thon.
We are grateful to all of our supporters and allies like Joseph Arthur and Brad from Five Times August, Rob Schneider and everybody else who contributed to our evening on the air with Steve and me and the entire VSRF team.
And we thank them for their time, effort and support.
But we still need your help.
Donate here.
Give Butter at, sorry, givebutter.com backslashc, backslash, VSRF.
The link will be in the chat.
You can also set up a monthly donation of $20 here at vaxsafety.org donate.
Together we will win.
Nurse Angela is not with us this evening.
She's a bit under the weather and is taking a much needed rest.
But she did want me to pass along a little update from Cody and his wonderful parents.
Cody, as you know, has been vaccine injured and has been struggling.
And here's the quote from his family.
Cody is finally out of the hospital and waiting to see more specialists as he still has clots.
And his brain MRI showed further damage despite being pretty sick kid.
The attention to his plight and donations have taken the stress out of wondering how he can afford the appointments, trips to the specialist treatments and prescriptions.
The overwhelming outpouring of prayers and support has kept his spirits high.
And all of us are in complete awe of the kindness of Steve's team and his viewers.
We were in tears many times over knowing how many people cared and helped him.
And we are so grateful.
Cody is fighting to beat this.
That's the end of the quote.
We are really rooting for Cody and his family.
All the best to you, Cody.
Stay strong.
Okay, quick reminder that we will have our live Q&A tonight towards the end of the show.
So please put your questions in the chat and remember to start with question in all caps so our team can see it.
You can also make a donation by using the super chat feature and we'll do our very best to get your question answered.
And now I'd like to bring on our special guest,
Adam Dang.
Alright, Adam, let me read a quick bio on Adam.
Adam, you're pursuing a Bachelor of Science in Mathematics and an S.B.
Interdisciplinary major in Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence
and decision making, and you can correct me if I got that wrong.
And you're also the captain of MIT Students for Open Inquiry, which hosted Steve Kirsch's talk last week in the Steve Kirsch Auditorium at MIT.
Adam, welcome to VSRF Live.

[SPEAKER_05]
Thank you for giving me the opportunity.

[SPEAKER_06]
Thank you for spending the time with us this evening.
So we met last week.
You were so, well, first of all,
Tell us about MIT SOI.
What gave you the inspiration to start that organization?

[SPEAKER_05]
I believe that as an explorer of ideas, I've been doing some research.
I've been looking for my place in the world.
And I think that as this is my last undergraduate year at MIT, it's very important for me to be able to see a higher perspective and to say, look, I love reading people's work and doing investigations.
But this is MIT, the math and tech capital of the world.
I believe that there are many perspectives which are worth hearing from, which have not been platformed, but deserve the chance to be examined.
And that's why I created MIT SOI, Students for Open Inquiry.
We're at mitsoi.com.
I think it's vital that in this era, the more knowledge is spread and shared, the more we understand that there are diverse perspectives out there that don't necessarily align with the academic consensus, but that have strong merits of their own.
And that's why I was happy to bring on Steve Kerch.
I know he's been very successful.
He invented the optical mouse.
He's damn near a billionaire, if I remember correctly.
And he's also from MIT.
And this is his own auditorium we're talking about.
Steve couldn't find anyone in 2022.
So we thought, look, this is a great guy.
He has results to show for it.
And he's been doing some analysis of vaccines.
Let's bring him on to see what he can do.

[SPEAKER_06]
Fantastic.
Were you aware that he was, I guess, banned from speaking at MIT and somehow you broke through that barrier?
What was the process of getting him to speak in his own auditorium?

[SPEAKER_05]
As I said during the talk, and as I'll say here, there are two ways to get a speaker outside.
I mean, even if it's someone as prominent as Steve, you still have to do this.
It's either you get a faculty, like a professor, to sponsor their talk, or you have a student group do it.
No faculty agreed.
And you know, Steve reached out to the department heads, and I think he reached out to the president as well at the time, and they all just ignored him.
So I said, look, we're a student group.
We like open inquiry.
We like to hear from people like Steve.
Bring him in.

[SPEAKER_06]
And what's been the reception like amongst your fellow MIT classmates with your organization and trying to get them to come and listen to the open inquiry and all the other speakers that you've brought on?

[SPEAKER_05]
There were actually many MIT undergraduates who came.
I counted about at least a dozen of them, and some are just interested.
Many of them studied mathematics, or they were just curious about the implications of some of these MIT policies.
So they were interested.
They wanted to come, and they thought, it's interesting finally getting someone from the other side.
And afterwards, I talked to some of the students, and they said, yes, thank you for doing this.
I finally wanted to see an MIT in which we don't just repeat one side of the narrative over and over again.
And you never get to hear the other side.
So they were quite grateful for this.
And obviously very happy to do this.
It's a long overdue.

[SPEAKER_06]
Great.
What was the vaccine mandate policy at MIT?
What happened in 2021?
Were you forced to get vaccination to remain there?
And what was that like at MIT?

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, first of all, let me clear my name.
I am a pure blood.
So with that being said, MIT did have a forced vaccination mandate.
However, naturally by the grace of God, the religious exemption does exist in Massachusetts as does a, what do you call the other thing?
A medical exemption.
So obviously I applied for the religious exemption and they granted it.
So I didn't think too much of it at the time, but obviously what they're doing is wrong.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, and what's the mood on the campus now?
Are fellow students getting the boosters or are they questioning it?
What's it like now?
I noticed when I was there, not a lot of mask wearing.
There were some, but it seemed like back to normal.
What's it like now?

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, I think it's been unfortunate, Livio, because judging by the atmosphere, I know that students, you know, we're still young.
We want to be able to go out and do what we're supposed to be doing and what we should be doing, which is engaging with people.
you know, going to the bars, doing our research without having to work at home and all of these, this bullshit that came up during the middle.
And I think right now looking at the attitude of the students, they're like, they just don't want to accept that something like this could possibly happen.
But I had to step out.
because they will pull it again.
And what's most vital is that we come to terms with this.
We have to look at what happened face to face and tell them, you will not do this again.
And I think the Brownstone Institute is a place where I derive much inspiration.
because rather than try to say, oh, you know, this this terrible thing happened and, you know, we'll just pretend it doesn't happen again.
And we hope they're they're just a burning reckoning and they're really leading a charge for let's analyze what happened.
Let's see what society did and how we can prevent this.
And, you know, if this was an intentional thing, how do we get justice for everyone that was wrong during this period of time?
So I'm afraid that MIT has in large part fallen under the
This is terrible.
This happened.
And I don't really want to talk about it.
But if you don't want to talk about it, huh, you're not going to learn anything from this.
So it's kind of like a Stockholm syndrome in which, you know, you're not showing as much love for your captors, which also not really reflecting on what went on.
And that's the problem.
And that's why MSOI needs to step in and we need to say, look, many of the narrative threads that we've allowed to fester in the last few years need to be broken.
There needs to be a point at which we say enough is enough.
Let's see what the data shows us.
Let's see.
Should we have done this or should we not?
Because there is zero open discourse or virtually zero open discourse of this issue, but it is so important.
It literally just happened from 2020 to 2022.
And we're all just pretending like nothing happened.

[SPEAKER_06]
So true, so true.
So did you get any feedback after the talk last week?
Did you get any from some of the students that were there or from any, I mean, were there any administrators there or any professors show up that you know of?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, there were actually, I believe there were a few professors, but I got a lot of feedback from the MIT alum who were overwhelmingly grateful that, you know, in their tenure at MIT, finally here was an opportunity to see a breakthrough, to see a heterodox opinion and to see someone who's analyzed the data.
Because during 2020 and that era, we weren't really supposed to question anything.
And most of us just went along with it.
But there were people who tried to ask questions about why is this happening, who were speaking out.
And I think the more I do research into this topic, the more I realize a lot more people spoke out than I thought.
It's just that I never heard of them.
Obviously, we have to keep fighting.
And from the students, I don't want to reveal too many private details, but some of them are thanking me saying, hey, thanks for holding this on.
It's really great.
And I sense that already at MIT, we've been crushed by the fear that has gripped us for three or so years.
And as I said, if we band together with the community, and if we work together and we look what happened to us face to face, we look them directly in the eye,
then that's the only way we're going to be able to get to a better future.
And that's a future I'm interested in building.

[SPEAKER_06]
I love your courage and your bold stances and speaking of the future, what are your plans?
You're graduating this spring and what are your plans after?

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, there's the PhD application, so I'll be looking into that.
Computer science is a good field.
I think that there's a lot of areas for artificial intelligence to keep developing.
I particularly fancy things like, you know,
If you type in a text to video generation, I think it's the next step.
And I could talk into that.
I also see a pathway in operations research in which you consider the logistical questions like, how does transportation work?
How do you optimize, let's say, traffic or supply chains and so on?
So I think those are interesting questions.
But of course, there's always the question of in a society, how can we make sure that all different ideas can be heard?
And how can we make sure that those who have unorthodox or dissonant views can get the representation they deserve, especially if they are marginalized by society?
And I think it's actually now less a question of how oppressive is a certain entity.
I believe it's more a question of how can we stand up in our own right?
Because at MSOI, our goal isn't to criticize MIT.
Our goal is to be the platform.
that gets people to MIT and showcases true MIT values as they should be.
Curiosity, open inquiry,
the ability to engage with and debate ideas and to do so without fear of repercussion.
And I think that we're working towards restoring that.
So I'm not really going to criticize MIT there.
I think it's a wonderful place.
It has great people.
There are definitely unfortunate incidents that have happened.
But the most important thing is for us to build.
If we build, it won't matter what they do.
If we build, we can make things happen and we can restore MIT.

[SPEAKER_06]
You give me a lot of hope for the younger generation to hear you voice your opinions and you're an inspiring young man.
And I wish you all the best going forward.
And I hope that we can continue to stay connected and that you keep us informed with what you're doing next semester and beyond.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, if everyone does want to be informed with what MIT SOI is working on, you can go to mitsoi.com.
Check out our different links.
It's a cool website to browse.
Peak 1995 web design is one MIT alum put it.
But if you want to subscribe and get all our updates, then go to the Subscribe tab.
It's also mitsoi.com slash subscribe.html.

[SPEAKER_06]
And I'm sure we're putting that in the chat so you can find it there and click on those links.
Adam, we're going to have Q&A after, if you can make it back after we do our segment with John.
I'd love to have you back.
I would imagine we're going to have some questions for you from the audience.

[SPEAKER_05]
Looking forward to it.

[SPEAKER_06]
Adam, thank you again.
Thank you for last week.
You were amazing in organizing that event and all the logistics, the day of and the evening of, and you're such a bright young man and looking forward to talking to you again later in the show.

[SPEAKER_05]
We'll keep fighting.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_06]
Thank you, Adam.
OK, so as many of you know, Steve has been in London and is en route back now.
So he will not be joining us live this evening.
And on Monday, he did give a talk in a meeting of the British Parliament on his work as an independent investigative journalist exposing the record level data, vaccine data data.
He has published his investigative work in his substack.
Which will link to in the chat at the end of the show, we will play a clip from Steve's appearance on Stay Free with Russell Brand, which he recorded in his London studio yesterday.
So I selected out a clip from that interview and we're going to save it and play it at the end of the show.
And also you can find it on Russell Brands rumble channel.
uh, stay free with Russell brand.
So stay tuned to watch the clip and definitely watch the full interview.
It's well worth your time.
Okay.
Without any further ado, I'd like to bring on John Bowdoin senior.
Hello, John.
Welcome to VSRF live.
Hey, I love you.
Good to see you.
Thanks for having me.
It's been a long time coming getting you on the show, but let me read a little bit about you and your bio.
You are a trained engineer and career manager for 30 years in research and development for semiconductor devices and manufacturing.
You hold a bachelor of science degree in engineering and a master of business administration in management.
Early in the COVID-19 pandemic, you started to investigate the scientific data, which led to a lawsuit against the governor of Massachusetts over the state's mask mandate.
You were also forced out of law school due to your vaccination status.
And last year you were able to gain access to all Massachusetts death certificates since 2015.
Approximately half a million total.
This led to an in-depth analysis of the death records to conclude the COVID pandemic was a massive fraud.
and vaccine-related deaths were hidden or mislabeled, even for children.
You're currently, I believe, finished writing your book and just about to bring out the real CDC, Public Health Crimes 2020-2022, and you're here to tell us about it all.
Great to see you.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, good to see you.
You got it all right.

[SPEAKER_06]
Thanks.
You were going to give a talk last Thursday during Steve's presentation just before, but his talk got so long that we had to edit you out, unfortunately.
I was thinking we would start tonight with your presentation.
How do you feel about that?

[SPEAKER_04]
It sounds good.
It's ready to go.
How do I screen share in this?

[SPEAKER_06]
There is a screen share button with a little
computer monitor, a little arrow pointing up.
If you click on that, you'll be able to share your screen and I'll bring that on.
And then we'll get after, after you do your presentation, we'll do a little interview and conversation, but let me know if you're able to get that up.

[SPEAKER_04]
I've got it.
I just have to select the right file.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
Are you selecting a file?
Is it a browser or is it a PowerPoint?

[SPEAKER_04]
It's a PowerPoint, but it says, um,
To presentate, there we go.
That should be it.
That's it.
Can you see that?

[SPEAKER_06]
I can see your book on it.

[SPEAKER_04]
That's it.

[SPEAKER_06]
All right.
I'm bringing it on the frame.
There it is.
You may need to reframe it a little bit.
Let me see if I can do that.
Let me see if I can reframe it for you.
Bear with us, folks.
I'm going to do that right now.

[SPEAKER_04]
Oh, I did the aspect ratio for the 16 by 9.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, I'll take care of this.
Stand by with us, folks.
And I'll have this ready to go right now.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_04]
Okay.
So you see the November 30 date down there.
I haven't changed that, but I have actually two publications that are going to be coming out.
The real CDC that I wrote that in May actually at about 45 days and then a long time to edit and everything else.
The CDC memorandum is really mostly for lawyers and doctors.
It's got about 150 pages of drafts, about 400 graphs, all different causes of death.
And the other 100 pages, it's up 120.
It'll be 130, 140 by the time I'm done.
That's factual allegations against the CDC, FDA, NIH, or not against them, but just facts that they did, things that they did to us.
So I'll get into the presentation I was going to do last Thursday.
This is kind of a wacky slide.
Why is Massachusetts important?
Now, I didn't just get the death certificates from Massachusetts.
Massachusetts was, it's the center of all this pharma stuff in the world.
So people in England and Australia and so forth, they should be paying attention to Massachusetts.
Why?
Well, Moderna's headquarters is in Massachusetts in Cambridge and their big facility.
I drive by on my way to buy groceries.
I go to the gym with a lot of people that work there and I've heard things.
Pfizer's divisional headquarters for their mRNA vaccine is also in Massachusetts.
In fact, there are 600 pharma companies in Massachusetts with 47 billion in venture capital financing over
Let's see, there are more than 10 companies with over a billion in pharma revenue.
50 companies have over 100 million in pharma revenue, all in Massachusetts.
Jake Ockincloss is my congressman.
Now, his father was the number two guy under Fauci for, I don't know, 10, 20 something years at NIH.
So the connections here, Walensky's from Massachusetts.
Sanofi, Thermo Fisher, Novartis, Takeda, Biogen, Merck, Bristol, Myers, Grove, Johnson & Johnson, AstraZeneca, Amgen, GSK, Gleso, Smith, Klein, all in Massachusetts.
So that's why Massachusetts is important.
And if you see the wacky shapes that I have, that's because these companies are all crooked.
This eye chart is something I tracked for over a year in the first year of the pandemic.
And in this little red circle, oops, sorry, in this little red circle up at the top square with rounded corners, you'll see that's July 27, 2020.
So four months into the pandemic, these are the purported, you know, that the states are claiming they have so many deaths from COVID.
Now in the entire world,
with any sovereign with 3 million people or more.
So it's any US state or any nation with 3 million people or more.
That's how I ranked them.
You see that Massachusetts was third, the New Jersey was first, New York.
So if you look in the right here, you see the it's basically a zoom in of that red box.
We ran away from the world.
We said that, you know, even though the virus started half a world away, for some reason in Massachusetts, New York and New Jersey, and New York is where a lot of the executives from Pharma live, you know, near Wall Street, New Jersey is basically a suburb of New York and Northern New Jersey.
So for some reason, Massachusetts, New York and New Jersey claim the most COVID deaths in the entire world coincidentally.
And we had
the pharma execs and we get the pharma development and R&D and manufacturing.
Now Belgium was fourth.
In Massachusetts as you can see there is 50% more than Belgium.
So I'd say that's quite a coincidence.
I'm going to go through this one pretty quickly.
Actual Massachusetts deaths are on the left.
There's the daily deaths on the bottom, and I highlighted it in red, and the accumulated deaths.
So it's the same graph.
One is the derivative of the other.
The blue line.
So you see the blue and the red on the left.
Now, an ideal gonferitz curve is on the right.
So the first year, 2020, is what you're looking at in the red and the blue.
It looks perfect.
It looks like a disease.
It flattens out at the top.
That's normal.
Now look at 21 and 22.
So 22 is the black line.
21 is the dotted line.
And I highlighted that in green.
So you have a steady state increasing signal all through the summer, all year long.
It's not normal.
That's not a seasonal respiratory virus.
Something else in 21 and 22 is killing people unseasonably.
throughout the year.
Before we get into what I would say is likely vaccine deaths, I want to hit the protocol deaths first.
N179 is acute renal failure, or N17.
The .9 is unspecified.
But the N17 covers all.
So in Minnesota side, the blue there, you see N17.
Massachusetts is N179.
It's the bulk of the N17s.
It's basically the same thing.
So acute renal failure is when you didn't have a problem before, you have a problem in a short term, and you die with that problem, either from it or with it.
The excess deaths, if you add up 21 and 22, and they've continued since then, we're almost a year past 22, more than 2,000 excess deaths from Massachusetts alone from this single cause of death.
That's excess, more than normal.
And I'm not using the trend that you see on the screen right now from 2015 to 2019 that goes down.
I used a straight line across the average.
So it's really even more.
So 2000 in Massachusetts, 1600 Minnesota extrapolates to over 100,000 dead in the United States from acute renal failure or involving acute renal failure.
And it's too long of a conversation.
I'll just give my opinion.
And I'm not a doctor, I'm not a biologist, but from everything I've read.
And I have about five different files of two to 4,000 pages per patient.
And I've read what they were given when they were given it and what they came down with and what they went in with, you know, 95% oxygen being put on a ventilator.
So it's probably remdesivir.
or a combination of Rundesivir and vancomycin.
And doctors will argue that with me, but that's what I've seen.
So let's go through here kind of quickly.
Lymph node cancer, secondary malignant neoplasm of the lymph nodes is probably the strongest signal of anything.
It's more than 400% of normal in 2023.
You're looking at fiscal year graphs that start on July 1st.
So, Livio, take a look at this on the left or right, and tell me, do you see anything abnormal?
I mean, these are crazy numbers.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, I see a very large abnormal bar on the right.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, you wanted me to make it simple, so I'm sticking with bar graphs.
I don't have all my other graphs, the time series and all the others.
Now, looking back here, excuse me, you see that 2020, they would say, oh, well, 2020 was also up.
That's the year of COVID.
Yeah, well, the money that kicked in in CMS.gov was November 2nd, 2020.
And the curves do not correlate.
In other words, COVID deaths occurred en masse in, let's say, Minnesota, right?
They went up, acute renal failure did not go up.
In fact, it went down a little bit.
And as you go across time, there's zero correlation up until the point not that the EUA kicked in in April and then May, and then there was another one October 22nd.
Within two weeks of the November 2nd date, and that's when the 20% adder kicked in from CMS.gov, where hospitals, if somebody had an ICU stay of half a million bucks, they get an extra $100,000 to throw somebody on remdesivir and start pumping that through their veins as soon as they walk in and get a COVID positive test.
And that's what they did.
And so these acute renal failure deaths, at that point in time, from two weeks after November 2nd through the next two years, perfectly correlates with COVID.
It goes up and down, parallels at the entire time when in 2020 it did not.
Now let me show you, so I showed you that the lymph node cancer.
What I do here is,
In order to figure out what happened, there's a lot of Simpson's paradoxes.
So signals that say a minus one and one thing and plus one and another, and you look at the aggregate of the two, and it's zero.
And you say, well, there's no signal.
It's normal.
It's zero.
Well, no, because you haven't stratified by age and looked at different causes of death.
So in this particular case, 8,800 people died in nine weeks in Massachusetts.
that was mid-March to mid-June.
And in doing so, they died with acute renal failure and other things, cardiac arrest.
The one on the screen here is cardiac arrest.
So you look at it and you say, oh, on the left side, those are just total deaths.
And I don't do statistics or P values, confidence intervals.
I don't want to confuse the audience.
This is something everybody in the audience can understand.
These are just the number of people who died involving cardiac arrest.
And you see that red line basically goes through the tops of those bars from 2015 through 2019.
And then 2020 is high.
Okay, wow, 2020 is high.
Why is that?
If it's a vaccine causing it and people weren't vaccine in 2020, how could that be?
And you see that 21 and 22 are also very high.
But if you divide the cardiac arrest deaths by the total deaths in a given year,
And you basically account for that 8,800 extra people who died in those nine weeks in that first wave in Massachusetts.
By doing so, you see on the right here cardiac arrest as a percentage of overall deaths that year.

[SPEAKER_06]
And look, that's the right side, that number that you got circled, excess is gone.

[SPEAKER_04]
On the excess is gone because you've divided, you've looked at it and say, okay, what's the percentage of people who died from cardiac arrest as a percentage of the overall all cause deaths in that state in that year?
And there it is because of the extra 9,000.
Of course you had more people who died with cardiac arrest in 2020.
It's generally the last thing that happens before death and it's on a lot of death certificates.
But when you divide by the total deaths in a year, it's in line with all the other years.
So all the pro-vax people who give us a hard time, all the trolls online, they have no answer for this.
This is just a fact.
These are just the numbers.
And you see that 21 and 22 are outrageously high.
It is so outrageously high that in this particular cause of death alone,
is more than 3,000 excess people in just Massachusetts, just Massachusetts.
That's insane.
And these were basically hidden among the numbers in the bureaucracy.
They're not writing that they were vaxed just before death.

[SPEAKER_06]
Has this sort of study been done in any other states, John?

[SPEAKER_04]
Just Minnesota and Massachusetts that I have the data for.
I have a proposal into DeSantis that's coming up on a year and a half.
Lattapo decided to go with the University of Florida study for just heart disease only, where I wanted to look at all causes of death and I could have done it in one to two weeks.
So, you know, it's going to take University of Florida, I don't know, half a year to a year to come out with a study with a bunch of p-values and confidence intervals while people die.
So, you know, I'm willing to go down there if, hey, Ron, Joe, if you guys want to have me down, I'll get it done in two weeks.
I'll sign an NDA, do it in your offices on your computers.
We'll adhere to every Florida law, every federal law, and I'll do it pro bono.
No cost to you.
I just want to know, and I think the people of the United States just want to know.

[SPEAKER_06]
We'll send this invite out to them somehow.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, hope so.
Any other state, too?
All right, I'm going to move a little bit fast here.
This is sudden blood loss anemia, acute post hemorrhagic anemia.
You see on the left graph, it's insanely high in 21 and 22, and it is not in 2020.
Now, this is non-traumatic hemorrhages.
I actually looked through these deaths because I have the records.
And I found that there was no trauma in more than 89% of the cases.
So these are really, now traumatic means like trauma.
So you were hit in the head, you got in a car accident, the steering wheel crushed you and ruptured your aorta or you were in the operating room and the surgeon made an oopsie, right?
Severed an artery or something, couldn't stop it or
the placenta pulled away too fast and you have a hemorrhage.
So none of these, I shouldn't say none.
Like I said, I found 11% could potentially have been from car accidents, but 89% of this number.
and the same percentage of the other numbers too, don't forget.
It's just crazy, crazy high.
I mean, we're looking at 66 excess deaths right there in 21 to 22.
And when you add up the 3,000 cardiac arrest and the 66 acute post hemorrhagic anemia, or people might know this as sudden blood loss anemia, it starts adding up.
Now, this is thrombocytopenia.
Again, not 2020, but 21 and 22, another 34 people.
And then, well, I thought I'd add some humor, you know, hope you don't get upset.
But this is G96 disorders of the central nervous system.
We've known for a while.
I say we, okay.
I was on a call with Steve for two hours a week for a
about a year.
Before VSRF, we would talk for two hours.
Jessica, Stephanie, Jessica Rose, Stephanie Seneff, Kevin McKernan, Jay Cooley in there, Matthew Crawford, Ira Bernstein, Pyram Bridal.
I'm missing somebody and they're going to kill me.
Mark Giridow, Matthew Crawford.
So we all talked.
It was great.
So we've known some of these signals, and I would report to them.
And I've had this data for a year and three quarters now.
So look at that.
It's crazy.
I mean, oh, it's only 10 extra people.
Are you kidding me?
This is one cause of death.
10 plus the 34 plus the 66 plus the 3,000 I just showed you.
So keep vaccine.
The heavy deaths aren't coming for a while.
It's a Bill Murray line from Caddyshack, of course.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, I remember that one.

[SPEAKER_04]
All right.
So disorders of the autonomic nervous system, dysautonomia, you see these are also high.
And again, you see that, oh, well, 2020 looks high as well.
It's almost the same as 2018, a little higher.
And then you divide by the number of deaths in the total in the year.
And don't look at the numbers here because the numbers
out to more decimal places don't fit, so they all look like 0.03, but the bars are correct, because one's 0.038, the other's 0.031.
But anyway, 2020 disappears into the noise, but 21 and 22 are visibly high.
There's no question about it.
Cerebral infarction strokes, okay?
22 is the year of stroke.
It's insane.
Pulmonary embolism.
This is an extra 530 people in Massachusetts alone died from pulmonary embolism.
And again, wow, 2020 looks high because you didn't walk the old people down the hallway twice a day because half the staff didn't show up in nine weeks during COVID because they were afraid of catching COVID.
And so the old people that were 90, 95 years old were told, hey, just lay in bed.
Don't get up and put this mask on your face.
You know, they got clots in their legs that they threw the clot, became a PE, they got both pneumonia, pulmonary embolism died.
And it happened a lot.
A lot.
They were neglected.
The old people were neglected in the old care homes.
And it drove the numbers in 2020.
Well, what happened is 21.

[SPEAKER_06]
So the narrative back then was that the COVID was killing
The older people and the obese people and it sounds like what you're saying is the older people may may have died because.
They weren't given treatment because they were told to stay home unless you're really really bad or stay in your home in the old age home but don't go to the hospital unless you're like can't breathe.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yep, yep, there's a lot to it.
You know, when you start adding up the percentages, I didn't get into fentanyl.
I mean, fentanyl overdoses.
In Massachusetts, it wasn't so much.
In other states, it drove a lot of the pandemic.
I found hundreds of accidental deaths.
I don't have slides for this right now, but it's in exhibit F of my case, sworn to in federal court.
When I go and talk on Twitter, or if I go give a talk somewhere, I'm not just spouting off.
I'm not another guy just saying data.
This is sworn to in federal court.
They can put me in prison if I'm lying.
I'm not lying.
This is all their data.
It's all true.
And the people who died from fentanyl overdose, they tested their dead bodies for COVID and wrote COVID on their death certificates to drive the COVID death numbers higher.
Acute fentanyl intoxication in the setting of SARS-CoV-2 positivity post-mortem test.
Same thing with blunt force trauma to the head, blunt force trauma to the torso, car accidents falling down the stairs.
They were labeled COVID deaths to drive the numbers.
I showed you at the very beginning of this presentation.
That's how Massachusetts drove it.
So I divide by the number of total deaths.
And guess what?
Pulmonary embolism fades into the noise again.
I could put a red line here if I wanted to.
But it's gone.
And you see that 21 is insanely high.
Now, if I looked at the age strata here, you would see that the age in this particular one dropped quite a bit.
Younger people are dying all the way down into their 20s.
People in their 20s are getting clots that's unheard of.
but they did and they died.
Okay, cardiac arrhythmia, another one where you divide by the total deaths and it fades down pretty much.
In fact, it's lower than 2017, but 21 and 22 are abnormally high.
And again, these are totals and what you had in 2020 was a bunch of old people and what you have in 21 and 22 are people all the way down to their teens of many families losing the paid
the patriarch or matriarch, you know, the mom or dad of the family.
And it causes a ripple effect through the lineage of the families for generations, for 100 years, 100 years.
My grandmother died in 1918 in the Spanish flu.
My father was six months old.
He'd be 105 today.
And I won't get into it, but, you know, losing your mom, going to an orphanage and then the Great Depression hitting and then
It really screws with how you can have relationships and how that then translates to raising kids and stuff.
So here's Minnesota.
Disorders of the immune mechanism.
We know that the immune mechanism is messed up.
We know that there's neutropenia, leukopenia, lymphocytopenia, thrombocytopenia.
Everything that blood is doing, people are having adverse effects where
it's not shutting off or it's making too much of something, some type of specific blood cell, like asynophilia.
Everybody hears the term myocarditis.
I don't like to talk about it because it's 1% of the overall deaths from COVID vaccines.
I think it's over.
It's talked about too much, but many of the myocarditis deaths, they look inside and they find asynophilia.
It's attacked the heart.
It's inflamed the endothelial cells, the inside lining of the blood vessels.
Again, 2020 disappears when you adjust for it.
It's actually the same as 2018, and it's lower than 2017.
But 21 and 22 are extremely high.
Pulmonary embolism, also high in Minnesota.
This is other venous embolism and thrombosis.
Again, this is 21 to 22, didn't really happen in 20, but with 21 to 22, it's insane.
So when you look at these, this is where the data is hidden.
Because I looked at every cause of death, this one is veins and lymphatic vessels, 21 to 22, extremely high, not in 20, not during the first year of COVID.
It's not COVID.
It's the vaccine.
There's no other variables.
You can't put this on anything else.
So looking at individual causes of death, and these are just bar graphs.
If I showed you the waveforms and took, you know, two, three hours explaining it to people, you'd see much more evidence.
Okay.
What do I have here?
I have, oh, I threw in the skin disorders.
Somebody close to me who was older in his 80s died, and he had open lesions on his legs.
In addition to the bonus of pericarditis and the lymph node cancer that went turbo, it was actually a different kind of cancer he had, but it then metastasized, went to the lymph nodes, and what was gonna take 15 years in a contained tumor took only four months.
But one of the things was the subcutaneous and, uh, uh, tissue disorders, uh, the lead lesions.
So open lesions that don't heal.
We've seen these, we've seen pictures.
This is what it looks like in reality.
And that's Massachusetts on the left and Minnesota on the right.
I mean, the, can I say any more than look at the graph.

[SPEAKER_06]
They're all, they're almost identical.

[SPEAKER_04]
There's no,
you know, sharing of custom and practice that might have changed.
Maybe you get somebody in the office who's gonna write it down on everything.
You get a new guy, right?
The new guy writes it down on 15 autopsies out of the 400 he does that year.
You can make an argument for that in one place, but not both places at the exact same time.
Some externalities, what I use as a term, cause this.
I believe it to be the VAX.
I've seen many reports of these.
I didn't want to do too much about people tonight because I end up getting upset.
And I've done that too much lately.
So I'm going to go easy on the individuals.
So Cassidy was seven.
Well, let me start with Diane at the bottom.
That was mid-March.
She died.
She got injected.
She died at the end of March of 2021.
So we're looking at three months into the vaccine rollout, probably her second injection.
So she got it right away.
And then she got her first, her second shot right away.
She died of an acute intracranial hemorrhage in the setting of thrombocytopenia.
Now I showed you stroke deaths.
So this is a hemorrhagic stroke.
Her head blew apart, basically, in the setting of thrombocytopenia.
And I showed you that graph too.
Charles was told by Bose Corporation, the speaker company, you have to get the backs or you're fired.
He wasn't going to get it.
Well, he got it at the last minute.
And they found him the next morning that he was gone.
And the only thing they wrote on his death certificate was COVID.
And part two, they wrote obesity.
That was it, right?
But how does COVID kill you with nothing else?
No other causes.
Yeah, it wasn't cardiac arrhythmia maybe.
48 year old just dies.
And, you know, Ollie rate is COVID in part one as a cause of death.
And he got the vaccine probably about 18 to 19 hours earlier.
And then Holly had two kids and a husband, two young boys and
She had internal bleeding.
Her brother had posted about it on Facebook.
He was upset that his sister was in the hospital with internal bleeding.
And then I read her obituary and I have the death certificate.
And the obituary said she was pre-deceived by her brother.
I'm like, well, that's kind of weird because her brother posted on Facebook.
He was worried about her.
And she died three months later.
Well,
Two weeks after he posted, he was worried about his sister.
He died in his sleep.
The parents lost their only two kids.
He was 37, I think, Dan early.
Brianna was 30, a high school teacher.
She reacted within hours.
She was having a stroke, but they sent her home a couple of times with a headache.
And then the third time she went back, she didn't recognize her sister.
So the family brought her back the third time.
And there's a paper written about her, a brief report.
The title is Fatal Post-COVID mRNA Vaccine Associated Cerebral Ischemia.
And what that means is the stroke, excuse me, the vaccine killed her by stroke.
That's what that title means.
It's written in every paragraph of that report.
And in the final paragraph, they say it's extremely rare.
Well, before the final paragraph, it says,
This isn't a CVST type of stroke.
That's cerebral venous sinus thrombosis, another type of hemorrhagic stroke.
So it's not a CVST where thromocytopenia is frequent.
But we've had a number of reports of those.
And there are several reports of several COVID vaccines causing this, not just the J&J that they try to tell you it is.
We have an email from the CDC.
Aaron Hertzberg wrote an article that was in Brownstone that Adam mentioned earlier.
And about over a million people saw the article.
And a couple of reporters sent the article to the CDC and said, do you have a comment on this?
And what the article said was, the CDC is committing fraud by not writing the COVID vaccine causes of death.
not coding for a vaccine as a cause of death on the death certificates that actually say the vaccine killed them.
So there are death certificates in Minnesota that say COVID vaccine 10 hours earlier and the guy died of cardiac arrhythmia.
There's another one that's like COVID vaccine the day before, died of a heart attack.
So the medical examiners are writing COVID vaccine in part one
That means a cause of death, not a contributing condition like part two.
It's written in part one, and yet the CDC is not coding it.
And they use a software parser to code it, Acme and Transac software.
You can find it on the web.
I looked at the user manual.
Either somebody turned off the software or
When the software created Y590, which means viral vaccines, or T881, which means other complications from immunization not elsewhere classified, somebody must have deleted those codes, or they turned off the software.
That's intentional.
They hid vaccine deaths from the American people.
And it wasn't just Minnesota.
They coded about three in Minnesota, but I think six or seven of them are not coded.
And because it's software and because it's automatic, somebody had to have intervened.
Now, when Aaron wrote that, and the two reporters sent it to the CDC, the CDC wrote back and said, oh, that's because these say vaccination, not vaccine.
And a vaccination is not a vaccine.
It's just gibberish.
It's unbelievable.
And they say, oh, this doesn't say side effect of or adverse effect.
What they didn't know is that we also have the Massachusetts death certificates in Solomon, Kisito, 60 years old died on January 16, 2021.
And Solomon's death certificate has Y590 and T881.
It does not say side effect of it.
It does not say adverse effect.
It does not say vaccine.
It says vaccination.
So their entire lie, everything they said in that written express response to the reporters is invalidated by Solomon's death.
They lied.
And then there's another eight, at least eight death certificates in Massachusetts that say vaccine in the cause of death that are not coded.
So after January in Massachusetts, they didn't code any of the vaccine expressly written causes of death.
This is actual fraud against the people of the United States.
Many federal felonies, 18 USC 1343 is fraud by wire.
1035 is false statements in health care matters.
1040 is fraud and disaster relief.
It's a conspiracy against the people as well.
So conspiracy against rights, because they took our rights under the auspices of, oh, we have to all be afraid.
Now it's the vaccine that's killing people.
So I deviated a lot.
I didn't mean to talk about that, but worries.
Let me go to Abby, a college student athlete.
I think it was field hockey or soccer.
I think it was field hockey.
I don't know if she played in college, she played in high school, but chances are she was vaxxed because that school made all the students vaxx.
She died of aosinophilic myocarditis.
Eden died.
So these are all Massachusetts, by the way.
So Diane 62, right?
And then Brianna was 30.
She got vaccinated two weeks after Diane died.
Had they investigated Diane, Brianna would be alive.
Now Brianna, she reacted with the hospital twice, right?
And she ended up dying from a, not a hemorrhagic, but rather an ischemic stroke.
And by the way, they wrote that she died of COVID under death certificate.

[SPEAKER_06]
Can you explain the difference between that kind of stroke, the extreme stroke?

[SPEAKER_04]
Oh, the ischemic versus hemorrhagic clots build up pressure and you die and you downstream blood.
You downstream cells don't get oxygenated blood and kind of necrosis and die, I think.
That's my explanation.
Yeah, so you can have a stroke from clots where he's going to die because he can't get oxygenated blood.
Your brain needs a lot of oxygen.
But a hemorrhagic stroke is if you get clots like on the veins on the way back, right?
It's blocked up, but your heart is still pushing blood up to your brain.
Things just start to break down and from the pressure inside your head.
And so blood vessels start to rupture and that's your hemorrhage and that's a hemorrhagic stroke.
And it depends.
That's the problem with finding strokes in the codes.
So if you have a clot in your lungs, it's an I-26, right?
Either 26.9 or 26.0 or 1.
But it's an I-26.
That's it.
But if you have clots in your brain, it could be hemorrhagic or ischemic.
It could be this part of your brain or that part of your brain.
It could be intracranial phlebitis and thrombo phlebitis.
Or it could be, there's about 40 different codes at least.
There's at least 40.
So you got like two codes for a pulmonary embolism for that huge thing in your chest, two lobes, excuse me, two lungs, three on one side, three lobes and two lobes in the other, two codes.
Beget a clot in your brain is 40 or 50 different codes.
So the signals, the track strokes were really difficult.
I did it about a year ago.
There's a video out there.
Um, but, but Eden died five weeks after Briana died, Eden got injected.

[SPEAKER_06]
John, we lost, we lost your screen, uh, share.
If you wanted to maybe reset that.

[SPEAKER_04]
Okay.
Um, let's see.
There we go.
Select window or screen.

[SPEAKER_06]
And those, those prior to 2021, those kinds of strokes amongst young people, because Brianna was 20 years old, very rare, but yeah, Brianna was 30 or 30.
It could seemingly more common though, since, since 2021.

[SPEAKER_04]
A lot more common.
And they're being, they're being, um,
Uh, it's just, it's just really hard to find a signal in it.
And I think I explained that earlier.
Hopefully this will do it.

[SPEAKER_06]
I'm still missing your screen, but I wanted to take a step back and ask you a little bit about how you or what motivated you to dive into these death certificates and these death records.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
So, um,
I didn't work for a while.
I went back to school to show my kids that school is important.
And I went back for an MBA.
Something easy, right?
I didn't want to work too hard.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, right.

[SPEAKER_04]
So the two weeks before I finished up my MBA, last class, last two weeks, my son died in a motorcycle accident.

[SPEAKER_06]
Sorry, so sorry to hear that.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, thank you.
So I just sat on the couch.
I mean, I put my life into raising my kids.
I raised three boys on my own.
And, you know, sitting on the couch depressed, COVID comes along.

[SPEAKER_03]
I'm not doing anything.

[SPEAKER_04]
And a couple of guys from Bible study asked me to go for a beer.
So I went out to St. Patrick's Day.
I think that's the first line in my book on St. Patrick's Day 2020.
I felt weird.
I'd heard all this virus talk and everybody, and I just felt claustrophobic.
People were closing in around me.
So I got out of the bar, and I believed it.
I started looking at the information online, and I knew it was all BS, because I downloaded the CDC data, and I found a mistake in addition with the columns.
And I wrote to them, and they didn't write back, but they took the file down for 36 hours, and when they put it back, they changed the data.
And it wasn't 2020 data they changed.
You changed the 2014 through 2018 file to make 2020 look back.

[SPEAKER_06]
Interesting.
And that's what you said in the opening clip when you spoke at the CLC conference, that they changed the data prior to the COVID year.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
Yeah.
I can't prove anything.
You know, it happened to me.
So I tell the story, but I don't have, I didn't download anything.
I didn't think I had to.
Um, I guess I was kind of naive.
Uh, so.
I just want to save kids now.
I didn't want kids masked.
So I sued the governor of the mask mandate and then went to law school for two semesters.
They kicked me out because I wouldn't get the vaccine.
And then found Steve, somebody invited me on to the, they called it Steve's steering committee for BSRF steering committee.
So we would talk.
And when I heard on the gym, I was on my way to the gym.
I heard on the radio.
Um, that a seven year old girl died and she's uh, you can't see the screen, right?
Or is it up?

[SPEAKER_06]
It's still, uh, not showing the screen.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
I'll give up on the screen.
That's too bad.
I had something funny coming up.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
Oh wait a minute.
You are sharing another application window.
Stop sharing.

[SPEAKER_06]
All right.
Maybe stop and start again.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
That's so, um, I was on my way to the gym and she, um,
You got it now?

[SPEAKER_06]
There we go, yes.

[SPEAKER_04]
All right, very good.
So I just knew that a seven-year-old didn't die from COVID.
I had done all my homework and done a lot of studies.
And I got the death certificates.
We asked for eight different public records requests.
Only one of them came through, and it was the entire death certificate database.
I was shocked.
But I gave it to some people.
I tried to send it to professors.
Merrill helped me out, got some colleagues interested.
They didn't produce anything.
And I got really frustrated because I knew that this was a treasure trove of very important data.
So I started doing it myself.
I started writing code and spreadsheets because I don't know how to write in languages like SQL or anything.
So I ended up finding almost right away.

[SPEAKER_06]
Oh, we just lost
We just lost John.
Oh, now he's back.
Let me bring him back.
You are back.

[SPEAKER_04]
I'm back.

[SPEAKER_06]
We lost the screen again, but you are back.

[SPEAKER_04]
All right.
Yeah, I don't know.
I never have problems, but.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, it could be some bandwidth.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
I just stopped sharing.
I'll try that again.
So where was I?

[SPEAKER_06]
Where did you hear last?
You saw the young, I think, three-year-old that died in...
Seven, seven-year-old.

[SPEAKER_04]
Seven-year-old, yes.
So I just, yeah, I got all the death certificates.
I'll just say that.
And I found that 2020 was the year of excess respiratory.
And 2021 was the year of excess circulatory and blood.
And I did that because I looked through every cause of death, every one.
And so I lined up the columns.
I wrote code to say, turn this, turn this cell yellow if this is greater than that.
And I looked at it like, oh, the respiratory, the J codes are all yellow in 2020.
And the circulatory I codes and the D codes for blood are all yellow in 21.
So by that, by that simple analysis, I realized, you know, diseases don't change how they kill you on a year boundary.

[SPEAKER_06]
No.

[SPEAKER_04]
So everything changed when they started vaccinating everybody.
I don't even want to call it a vaccination.
When they started giving the gene therapy drug to people, everything changed.

[SPEAKER_06]
Can you see the screen at all?
Yes, I see the hospital protocols.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, I want to make sure I get the hospital protocols in there.
So what I keep seeing is a couple of people
specifically I have in mind, they went in with 95% oxygen saturation.
I had a conversation with somebody who had to leave Massachusetts as a doctor because he didn't want to kill people.
And he knew what they were doing.
And he told me specifically what was being done and the excuse the administrators used to tell the staff, the doctors and the nurses, if you don't put the patient on a ventilator,
you are going to get COVID and die.
The aerosols are not contained to the patient if they're on a CPAP, but they are if they're on a ventilator.
So you're saving yourself if you put the patient on a ventilator.
And they put patients on ventilators knowing there's an 80% kill rate.
And so 95% oxygen, somebody's put on a ventilator, that's insane.
They murdered them.
They got a COVID positive test, so they start pumping remdesivir through their veins after November 2nd, 2020.

[SPEAKER_06]
And Redentivir was the first drug that got emergency use authorization, even though he had tested years prior to have also had some signals that it was harming people.

[SPEAKER_04]
Absolutely.

[SPEAKER_06]
He came back.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, hey, Walter E. Williams, another hero of mine, along with Thomas Sowell, Milton Friedman as an economist, right?
If you subsidize something, you will get more of it.
They subsidize the use of remdesivir.
They get more patients than remdesivir.
They subsidize people being put on ventilators.
They get more people put on ventilators.
They subsidize COVID being put on a death certificate.
They get more COVID put on death certificates.
Human behavior, the pay plan defines the behavior.

[SPEAKER_06]
They weren't incentivized.
Big time.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yep.
Anybody in sales knows that.
The pay plan has to match with the company's goals because the salespeople will do anything.
And when it comes to doctors, I don't know if you know, there's a documentary about cable news that came out years ago with a guy named Ron Burgundy.

[SPEAKER_06]
Oh, yeah.
Anchorman.
I've heard of that.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_06]
It's a great documentary.

[SPEAKER_04]
Don't put that question mark.
Whatever you write on that teleprompter, Ron is going to read.
Whatever the CDC tells a doctor to prescribe, the doctors are going to prescribe.
They do not think for themselves.
They will do whatever they have to to maintain their license, and even if that means killing people.
Sorry, that's just where we are.
So by the time you get down to lorazepamidazolam fentanyl, you crash the breathing, you get put in a ventilator.
They're on the ventilator to get some bacterial infection.
They end up with sepsis to get put on vancomycin.
vancomycin and remdesivir together destroy the kidneys.
Let's see what else I got here.
There's my book.
There's the real CDC, the CDC memorandum.
I told you about that.
This is just a lighthearted thing.
I know it's 804, but I'll try to go quickly.
So, Gunsmoke, 1956, Season 1, Episode 24, The Pest Hole, Typhoid Fever, Hitz Dodge, Citizens Take Law Into Their Own Hands, Against the Suspected Carrier, The Rifleman, Season 2, Episode 7, 1959, Panic.
A couple moves in just outside town, falls sick with yellow fever.
One guy spreads fear and panic until the town try to run them out.
Gun smoke season 13, episode 12, 1967, death train, symptoms of plague on a train car.
Doc Adams quarantines the car of the town panics for fear of the train car and they try to run them out of town.
Then you got movies from 1964 to 2023 here, Mask of Red Death, Andromeda Strain, Omega Man, Cassandra Crossing, Epidemic, Mask of Red Death, 12 Monkeys, and then in 2003, 28 days later, in 2007, 28 weeks later, what an original movie title.
I am legend to all this other, so there's tons of them, you know about Contagion and all that.
And then
Oops, wrong one.
There we go.
Now you've got TV shows.
Okay.
The 45 best TV shows about virus and disease is ranked.
Just the last ship, uh, zoo, last of us, the last of us.
What a nice show.
Uh, pandemic kingdom, station 11 survivors, pandemic, how to prevent an outbreak.
Oh, that's a documentary.
Hot Sculpt Tribe, medical investigation and so forth.
So,
These are TV programs and movies, right?
Was Utopia on that list, the series Utopia?
Yes, it's right there in the middle.
Yeah, you got it.
When I click, it goes to the next slide.
I was going to highlight it for you.
So yeah, everybody's programmed to fear all this stuff when the reality is there's never really been a virus that's going to kill a lot of people since antibiotics.
I mean, 1918 was pre-antibiotics.
And if you go back through history, we don't know.
Everybody's got guesses.
They've got educated guesses.
Chances are it was secondary bacterial infections.
It wasn't the viruses.
And if the government could make a virus that could kill a lot of people, they would.
And if they could make a vaccine that could work, they would, but they can't.
They tried to do it.
They can't do it.
They don't want to kill themselves because the vaccines don't work.
They know it.
So it's all it's all BS.
You know, if 10 percent of the COVID deaths were real, I'll be surprised.

[SPEAKER_06]
Right.
Yeah.
I remember back in time that it was rare to find someone that I personally knew or other people I knew that they directly knew who died from COVID.
A lot of people got COVID or tested positive.
But I had a hard time finding anyone like a first degree of separation that actually was killed.
But that's just my own anecdotal evidence.

[SPEAKER_04]
I ran into a cardiologist just hiking in the woods and I had coached his son.
And they felt he and his wife, she's a pediatrician.
And they felt bad because, you know, the last time I saw them, I was coaching their son years ago.
I coached over 50 teams.
And they're really nice kid.
And, uh, you know, we just get to talking.
I was with my book editor and I said, Oh, they're like, what are you doing?
I'm like, no, nothing.
Got a book coming out.
Oh, what's it about?
Well, COVID.
And then it got into, well, I know I treated those people.
I know.
I'm like, yeah.
Okay.
You know, you're, he's, I'm a cardiologist.
I'm like, oh, okay.
That's, that's more than me.
So, you know, you know everything.

[SPEAKER_06]
I guess we could just stop talking, but they refuse to look at any of the information that you have.
They won't look at it.

[SPEAKER_04]
I said, what about asynophilic myocarditis or lympho-hystiocytic myocarditis?
Yeah, there's a girl in Western Massachusetts.
She died at 16 years old, lympho-hystiocytic myocarditis.
Her pronouns were in her obituary, which are they, them.
Everything about her says that she had all the vaccinations she was supposed to have.
And then there's a paper that, last name Goff, G-O-F-F doctor out here where they lived were.
And this doctor was the advisor for a paper that was written out of, it might have been UMass or the medical hospital out there.
And all these young people wrote this paper.
And what they wrote was, doctors who say things against the vaccine should be censored.
They should not have a voice.
They wrote a paper.
It's in Journal of American Medicine.
It's in JAMA.
Now, this was 10 months after the girl died.
And that Sarah Goff is that 16-year-old girl's mother.
She's promoting that doctors should be silenced speaking against the vaccine.

[SPEAKER_06]
And her daughter most likely was killed by it.

[SPEAKER_04]
She was running cross-country practice at 16 years old.
She was certainly in shape running cross-country.
And she died of lympho-hystiocytic myocarditis.
I have the death certificate.
It's an insane world we're in right now.

[SPEAKER_06]
You mentioned when you had the names or you wanted to keep it light, but I'm really glad you put the names of the people because I mean, I think we might need to start like a name wall where all the names of the people that have died from and their vaccination status because
They went out of their way with the COVID deaths counter every day during the lockdowns.
And now you're not allowed to talk about why somebody might've dropped.
There's no inquiry, no curiosity.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, and most of those COVID deaths are complete BS.
I go through every one of them.
I don't have time to go through 20,000, but when I first got the data and I was afraid, I had Joel Smalley in the UK,
do the first article on it.
And he did the first article within two weeks.
Massachusetts dropped the COVID death count by 4,081.
4,081.

[SPEAKER_06]
That's a large number.

[SPEAKER_04]
Within two weeks of that article coming out and us getting the death certificates.
And I think it was around 20,000.
So what's that?
20%.
Oh, it's like, oh, we made a mistake.
20% of the deaths didn't really happen.
You know, how do you make such a large mistake?
And the people just like, eh, whatever.
You know, people are like, oh, just, just tell me when to be afraid.
I'll be afraid when you tell me to be afraid.

[SPEAKER_06]
Right.
Well, before we go to Q and A, because we got some questions and I want to bring Adam back on because I see that there's questions for Adam.
Your book is coming out when the real CDC public health crimes 2020 to 2022.

[SPEAKER_04]
Talking to the book designer, you know, every other day now, I think he's probably three quarters of the way done now.
And when that's done, it can ship.
So I'm hoping two weeks, I'm hoping, I mean, I really wanted to help before Christmas.
It really did.
But the site got up and running today.
Finally, hopefully the site works.
So.

[SPEAKER_06]
Is there a link now that people can pre-order yet?
Or are we still?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, the realcdc.com.
I diverted it to the Shopify site.
I can't fill the orders, but you can order.

[SPEAKER_06]
Get your pre-order in there, folks, because it's going to be a really fascinating read.
And I can't wait to read it, John.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
Now, the book, don't forget, the book is for regular people to read.
It's for everybody.
It's not a science book.
The CDC memorandum is just really heavy in facts and a legal analysis for crimes.
Uttering.
So I used a subset of fraud called uttering.
It's an old common law crime.
involuntary manslaughter, felony murder, and an old common law crime, depraved heart murder.
So it's a really heavy kind of murder.
And I use those as just kind of a generalized set of crimes because every state is different and federal crimes are different.
And I list about 20 or 30 different crimes, including RICO, that should be investigated based on this data.
I told you what the CDC did.
Got them dead to rights.
They're absolute felony criminals, many of them.
So yeah, the CDC memorandum is kind of heavy.
It's not a book.
It's a legal memorandum to the directors of the CDC NIH, FDA, 12 state attorneys general and two grand juries.
They can't walk away from it and they can't say they didn't know because once they receive it, they know.
And that's knowledge.
It's notice.

[SPEAKER_06]
I look forward to reading it.
All right, I'm going to bring Adam Dang back on to the program.
Welcome back, Adam.
Thanks for coming back.
I know you got a lot of studying to do for finals.
So I appreciate your time.
And remember, if you have questions, put them in the chat with all caps questions so we can find it and it can get relayed to me.
So let's start.
I'm going to bring a question on for Adam, which was, Adam, this is from Dytin Tom.
Oh, sorry.
This one is from Caruso with a K. Which sources did you research to put in your religious exemption?

[SPEAKER_05]
Not much.
It came naturally.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, you just knew to do it and applied.

[SPEAKER_05]
As in knowing to do it or knowing how to write it?

[SPEAKER_06]
Both.
How would you even know that a religious exemption is allowable at MIT?

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, you read the fine print and it says, oh yeah, if you want to get an exemption, here you go.
So I did it.

[SPEAKER_06]
Good for you to read the fine print.
Most people just went out and got the injectable.
Okay, question for John from Betty Chase.
Thank you for doing this, John.
Brianna was my cousin and I entered her case into VAERS to hopefully prevent other similar deaths, but nothing was done by CDC or anyone.
It's more of a comment, not a question.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, no, that was...
Yeah, that was a big part of this.
She, she, you know, you talk about heroes, somebody putting their career on the line, going out of their way to make sure that the information gets out there.
So we spoke.
And I just, I wish more people would do that.
That's all, you know, you're talking like one in how many, how many people just
Just how many people go through this?
They turn a blind eye to it.
She couldn't turn a blind eye.
She did the right thing.
And, you know, I'm using the information to try to stop other people from dying.
Like, you know, Ian, I didn't mention one there was 11 years old.
He got his mother brought him in for his booster shot, as they say in Boston.
And he got his booster.
And they he had chest pains, trouble breathing.
put him on a ventilator so they get their extra 30 grand, and he died.
And then they pulled his heart out of his chest to donate it.
It was full of clots.
They couldn't use it.
So that's how the family member told me that.

[SPEAKER_06]
All right, let me ask Adam a question from Vanderbilt 2007.
Can your organization help Dr. Merrill Nass's new organization to prevent the World Health Organization from taking control of all health issues in the U.S. in May 2024?
And then I'll add, are you aware of this pandemic treaty by the World Health Organization?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, absolutely.
I'm up to date on the pandemic treaty.
I do read James Rogusky's sub-stack where he does a great job of breaking it down.
I think he was featured on James Corbett, which I'm also a fan of, as well as CHD.
Children's Health Defense mentions him quite often.
So with respect to the Meryl Nass situation, yes, contact us at, ah, this is another plug.
Anyways, go to a website, click on Contact and drop a message, and then we'll reach out to you.
If you have her contact information, that would be even better.
And then let's see what we can do.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
I think it's called door to freedom.
I will, um, I will get that to you, John, and, and maybe connect you to Dr. Muran on that.
So I'm sure she could use some, some of your help there.
Let me jump back to John from Dite and Tom.
What US States have come the closest to releasing the necessary death certificate data and vaccination record data to allow you to do your analysis.

[SPEAKER_04]
Oh, well, the latter one is zero.
I figured that's much.
That's any state that allows me to come in.
It'll be done in a week.
The vaccination, Steve has known this for a year and a half.
That's why he's on the same track, right?
He's heard me say I can end this in a week.
All I need is the Vax data and they're hiding it from everybody There is a bill in one state that would get that I don't want to necessarily I mentioned it last Thursday.
I didn't know how many people will be listening I'll hold off on mentioning I wrote a bill and Yeah, we don't want to discourage them.
Yeah Well farma will come in with a billion dollars and wreck the whole state to make sure that doesn't happen

[SPEAKER_06]
Right.
Let me follow up with a question from the truth provider.
Just curious if you've had a chance to look at the New Zealand data.
And if so, are there any similarities to your findings with Massachusetts?
Thanks.

[SPEAKER_04]
I wouldn't look at it.
I think Steve presented on it.
I think I was smart for not looking at it, because Kevin Cerber got taken out.

[SPEAKER_06]
I think I saw that it was put back, Kevin Cerber, though.
Not always lost.

[SPEAKER_04]
That's correct.
He's fine.
I'm sure he had backups, but I got enough going on.
I didn't even look at the New Zealand data, to be honest with you, because it was de-identified.

[SPEAKER_06]
Right.
Fair enough, thank you for that.
Back to Adam.
And this may be a little, let me just ask it from Sarai.
The president of MIT this week before Congress said that calling for the genocide of Jewish people would not necessarily violate MIT speech policies.
Given MIT's actions towards students against the mandates, how do you explain this double standard?

[SPEAKER_05]
The question about this,
Well, I think when you look at the MIT admins policies, I think that as humans, it's quite difficult to keep everything consistent.
Maybe there's an agenda.
Maybe there's not.
I'm not interested in speculating on what's going on up there.
So I can say, look, I don't want to guess what the president and the administration are doing.
I just want to say this, I think if we keep fighting for freedom and for justice, then we can make the world a better place.
With respect to what they're doing, I think, you know, we all have our different opinions on it, so I won't comment on it.
But, you know, I obviously, the mandate situation is one thing.
As long as we stand our ground, I think we'll be in a good position.
There's always figures in authority who are doing this or doing that that we might or might not like.
And our goal is just to be the best version of ourselves so that we don't have to keep pounding at them from a knee position and then we can become more powerful ourselves.

[SPEAKER_06]
Great response.
Back to John from Clarekat367.
Have you been able to look at any data from 2023 yet?
Curious to see if the trends continue.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yes, I didn't put up those graphs.
I do have it read up until, I think, through November for Minnesota, and through September or October for Massachusetts, the trends do continue, but not for the acute causes.
So acute causes being blood circulatory, they ebb and flow with the vaccine uptake.
because they're going to happen in a sooner period of time.
The sort of longer term, I don't sequelae.
I don't like using medical terms.
I feel weird using them because I'm not a medical guy.
But the longer term stuff like cancers are going through the roof.
The acute renal failure has kind of plateaued.
But the thrombocytopenia, acute post hemorrhagic anemia, those are all dropping.
because people know not to take the backs.
So those acute problems are not happening.

[SPEAKER_06]
So yeah, the percentage of people taking it has dropped dramatically.
So there is some co some parallels with those lower uptick in the injectables.
I stole that from Neil Oliver, that term.
I kind of like that, injectables.
Let me follow up with another question for you, John, from Dite and Tom.
Why aren't more families demanding autopsies for their loved ones killed by the jabs?

[SPEAKER_04]
I don't like to speak about what families do because I remember that time with my life.
And I was told that people want a place to go and grieve my son.
So I had to put them in a box and put them in the ground and put a headstone there so people can go and grieve.
And, you know, because it's not the way.
And then all of a sudden COVID comes and all the Catholic rules are out the window.
And now it's everybody cremate, everybody cremate, everybody cremate before there can be autopsies or even, you know,
And laws are being violated where if somebody dies alone in some states, there has to be an autopsy by law.
If somebody dies under a certain age, then there has to be an autopsy by law.
They're violating that.
They don't want to know.
They're a purposeful omissions of conduct.
In the CDC memorandum, I call it an omission of conduct where there's a legal duty to act.
And you have a legal duty to keep the public safe by investigating.
They're purposely not investigating.
That's criminal.
And it's an accessory after the fact of murder.

[SPEAKER_06]
Well stated.
Back to Adam from Janet.
Have you gotten pushback or negative comments from your friends and family for your pure blood views and for hosting Steve's speech at MIT last week?

[SPEAKER_05]
Not much, actually.

[SPEAKER_06]
Really not much.
Did you get any and what kind of pushback as much as not all, not any?

[SPEAKER_05]
Actually, the only avenue that people tried to attack us through was, this is a pretty funny story as I'll tell it, right?
So right after we published the Steve Kersh is coming to MIT dorm.
So dorm spam is a way of sending messages to all the MIT undergraduates and it's like an email advertising system.
So we sent ours.
And then there was this one person who said, you know, obviously she was trying to make fun of Steve and she said, you know,
You should invite the ancient alien guys, whatever his name was.
I forget the name, goddamn.
But you should invite the ancient aliens.
These people have been suppressed and we need to tell their story.
And I was like, OK, look, it's pretty funny.
You did a good job.
All right.
And then there's this other guy who was responding.
So he analyzed Steve Kirsch's response to the MIT hit piece.
And he wrote a whole 2,600-word research paper on the merits and the wrong parts of Steve's article.
So that was a good response.
I didn't read at all.
But here was an event and then he decided to do his own research, which is awesome.
And then some guy just posted a meme of a nerd emoji trying to laugh at the guy for reading into what Steve Kirch was doing.
So both of those exchanges you can actually find on our website under news and controversial and contentious communications.
They're items seven and eight.
But yeah, we did get some spoofs.
We have people intellectually engaging with us and other people who prefer memes.
So, you know, people are alert.
They are seeing what's going on.

[SPEAKER_06]
Wow.
I like that you have that on your website.
All right.
Just going to finish up with a couple of questions for John.
One is from J. Hosea One.
Is there any indication the killer vaccines have reduced the world population even slightly?

[SPEAKER_04]
I tend not to look at the world anymore.
I did for the first year and a half to two years.
Then I just kind of focused on Massachusetts, Minnesota.
Most of the data you see in the world is fraudulent in many different ways.
Lots of Simpson's paradoxes.
So if you want my opinion and my guess, I don't know what that's worth.
I'm just a guy with a computer like anybody else.
But it certainly stopped the population growth.
And I think it will in the future due to
There's a lot of reasons.
Fentanyl is killing a lot of people.
They don't even talk about it.
There's so much coming over the border.
They're lacing the fake Benzo, the Azzapines with some fentanyl and killing kids.
They think they're taking a Benzo.

[SPEAKER_06]
It was a huge problem before COVID, and then just sort of makes headlines every now and again.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, there's a guy that I won't get into.
It'll take too long.

[SPEAKER_06]
All right, last question for you, John, from Be Good, Do Good.
Will you go back to law school and work on these cases?

[SPEAKER_04]
No, I'm too old.
59 now.
I should have graduated from that school last May.
I should be a practicing lawyer right now.
They stole a year of my life, kept the money,
didn't even give me the money back.
Didn't even rule, yes or no, on my religious exemption.

[SPEAKER_06]
They kept your cash and kicked you out.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yep.
Yep.
And they never said that my religious exemption was denied or approved.
I got a letter in the mail saying I was unenrolled before the registration deadline.
So that's why I have a contract dispute lawsuit against them.
I didn't go for
the rights violation.
We had a contract.
They broke the contract and because I tried to mitigate damages and they didn't, they owe me a hell of a lot more than the $28,000 for the school for that year.
They owe me a year of salary plus another year of salary because I wasn't able to work the year after either.
I forewent
salary for two years, right?
I used to make pretty good money 10 years ago.
So no, but I will be involved in a lot of cases.
I talked to the guys, you know, Tom Renz knows me, Warner knows me.
I have two of my own cases.
I'm now pro se.
I can't even find a lawyer in Massachusetts to fight the government.
So I got to take them pro se.
I got one in federal court against the governor, public health commissioner, chief medical examiner and four individual medical examiners.
for civil action for deprivation of rights, and I have won against the law school for a contract violation.
I also would like to get before a grand jury somewhere, I'm part of a team out in, well, we're spread all over, but it's out of Oregon originally, two state senators and Dr. Henry Ealy.
So, Senator Kim Thatcher, Senator Dennis Lenticum and Dr. Henry Ealy are the plaintiffs.
or the petitioners that were now before the fifth circuit on appeal because all we want to do is get information to a federal grand jury about the crimes that were committed.
We're not asking for prosecution, we're just asking
Give them this information and we should be able to do that as citizens, but they're blocking the federal US attorneys are blocking us.
Um, so now it's, it's going to be raised.
It's raised all, all ready to the circuit court of appeals.
Now it's going to the, hopefully SCOTUS will pick it up after that.
I think there's going to have to be one or two more cases for them for SCOTUS to get interested in picking this up, but we need to get to grand juries beyond the con.com.
B-E-Y-O-N-D-E-T-H-E-C-O-N dot com beyond the con dot com.
If you go there, you can learn about it.
One of the only avenues we have as a people is through the grand jury system.
and probably not the Fed, right?
Because they're controlled by the U.S. attorneys and DOJ.
So we need county or state grand juries in fairly honest, I'll just say red areas to pick a color.
not blue areas.
And if we can get before those grand juries, then we can probably make some trouble for the government.
So sorry for the long winded answer, but that's probably not going to ever be a lawyer.

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, we wish you success with those cases that you are working on and getting in front of a grand jury.
John, Adam, thank you so much for all your time.
We have been simultaneous streaming on Twitter Spaces.
You're both welcome to join us after the show and continue the conversation over there if you're available.
We'd love to have you over on Twitter Spaces once we're done here on BSRF Live.
But thank you both for joining us this evening and keep up the brave work that you're both doing.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thank you, Libby.
I appreciate it very much.
And thanks for letting me sneak in here while Steve's gone.
Absolutely.
Thank you for the chance as well.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
We'll bring you both back with Steve in 2024.
All right.

[SPEAKER_04]
I'll be on Twitter.
Give me about five minutes.

[SPEAKER_06]
Okay.
And now we'll get you a link to join if you don't have it already.
And Adam, you're welcome to.

[SPEAKER_05]
I know you're having a late night and a long day, but I am going to have to disappear, but
The fight keeps going.
Everyone doing everything everyone can.

[SPEAKER_04]
Great.
Adam, can I talk to Adam just for a second?

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, absolutely.

[SPEAKER_04]
Hey, man, love everything you're doing.
Keep it up.
The generation that came before you, I don't want to talk about it.
It's up to you.
All the ones who are asleep and think that life is just wonderful.
They never experienced wars.
They didn't.
We want to avoid.
the hot war.
We want to do it the way you're trying to do it by bringing information, truth to the people.
So great job.
Love you, man.
Keep it up.

[SPEAKER_05]
John, I'd also like to say something to you, two things.
Number one, sorry about what happened to your son.
Number two, I have everything to lose, but I also have nothing to lose.
So let's keep going.

[SPEAKER_06]
Awesome.
I love you both.
So thank you.
And
John, we'll see you over on Twitter.
Space is Adam.
We'll be in touch in the new year.
Have a great holiday.
Thank you.
Thank you.
All right.
I caught a couple of announcements to make here.
Our defeat the mandates team just created a new holiday.
Check out this article, which will be in the chat in the post millennial.
You've heard of Black Friday, Cyber Monday, Giving Tuesday.
Well, now we have Uncancel Wednesday.
the data support businesses and brands that resisted the COVID and woke mobs that refused to cancel us and now we want to shop with them.
Feel free to hashtag uncancel Wednesday and to learn more, go to replatformvegas.com.
Also, reminder to check out our VSRF store and we are ready for winter with cozy sweatshirts, pajama pants and long sleeve shirts.
We still have Steve's all time favorite misinformation super spreader t-shirt.
I got one of those.
So one of my favorites and it does get a lot of reactions.
So order now and we'll put the link in the chat.
Also,
a reminder that tickets are on sale for the second COVID litigation conference coming to Las Vegas, March 7th and 8th.
I'm going to play a quick promotional video at the end prior to a clip of Steve Kirsch on Russell Brand.
So you want to stick around, watch the promo for the CLC conference two, COVID litigation conference two, and then a little
a good clip with Steve and Russell Brand.
And before I set you free and play those videos, join us next Thursday.
Steve will be back to interview Dr. Geert Vanden Bosch, an independent virologist and vaccine expert formerly employed at Gavi and the Bill of Millenie Gates Foundation, who are both heavily funding the World Health Organization.
Dr. Vanden Bosch has spoken out about the dangers of vaccination during an active pandemic and will talk with us about the recent surge in cases of white lung pneumonia among children and the connection to the COVID injections.
Don't miss the highly informative conversation coming next week with Dr. Vanden Bosch.
Well, I hope you got a lot out of tonight's episode.
We really appreciate you all being here and any and all donations you continue to make will help us keep doing the work we do at the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation.
So I'll leave you with this promo for the COVID Litigation Conference 2 coming up in Vegas in March, followed by Steve Kirsch on Russell Brand.
Have a great evening.

[SPEAKER_02]
Extraordinary injustice demands extraordinary lawyers and now we are winning.
Build upon the groundbreaking COVID litigation conference in Atlanta and join the lawyers at the forefront of this growing field as cases are being won and damages awarded.
A recent poll suggests over 40% of Americans would be party to a COVID class action lawsuit
We invite attorneys to join this important opportunity at the Second COVID Litigation Conference coming to Las Vegas, March 7th and 8th, 2024.
Connect with a diverse group of attorneys for strategic networking and expand your practice in the COVID space.

[SPEAKER_03]
Having a network of people to fall back on who actually understand what it is they're talking about has been critical for me.

[SPEAKER_02]
Learn from the leaders at the frontier who are bringing cases.

[SPEAKER_00]
I sued Rochester General six times.

[SPEAKER_02]
I won in court each of those six times.
Get exclusive resources and the insights you need to litigate COVID cases now from panels, keynotes, and more.

[SPEAKER_01]
At the conference you're going to see some of the most seasoned COVID litigation attorneys.
I always learn something.

[SPEAKER_02]
Litigate with confidence and be empowered by the transformative event shaping national policy.
Who will right these extraordinary wrongs?
You will at the second COVID litigation conference.
Register now at covidlitigation.com.

[SPEAKER_07]
It seems to me that to address this issue would take what kind of machine other than mass popular uprising could ever bring about the reckoning that's required if what you are saying is true, Steve?
would be required.
How are you maintaining your optimism?
What are your next steps and what are your personal fears and what resources do you have to continue to operate at this level when it's likely that the consequences will be quite serious?

[SPEAKER_00]
I think that what's going on is most people
are believing the so-called experts.
And like our friends, for example, I'd say we lost 98% of our friends because they think I'm mistaken.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm not qualified, and so forth.
anybody who opposes this narrative is put in the same sort of situation I am.
And I talked to a Silicon Valley chief executive that I know.
And I said, hey, what are you doing nowadays?
And I told him what I was doing nowadays.
And I said, do you want to talk about it?
And he said, no, it'd be like,
If you were to come to me and said, the moon is made of Swiss cheese, I wouldn't want to talk to you about it.
And so that's what we're dealing with.
We're dealing with people who believe that anybody who opposes what the Harvard professors say, or what the CDC says, and what the FDA says is wrong.
And that's just not the case.
People need to hear both sides.
And they're not hearing both sides.
The media is only covering one side of the story.
They never allow any kind of dissent.
to come out.
And of course, the censorship is just huge.
But what gives me hope is things like the Andrew Bridgen meeting in Parliament, because Parliament now has a way.
Now that, see, the genie is out of the bottle.
Barry basically exposed the genes out of the box.
Everybody knows now what the data shows, and there's only one way to interpret that data correctly.
Now, a lot of people don't know how to analyze the data, but if you do it correctly,
there's only one result, which is massive deaths.
And so we now have over 20 members of parliament who have now said, hmm, this isn't looking good.
The data is now on the table.
It is unambiguous.
There's only one way to interpret it.
And this vaccine is going down.
Now they have to say, no, so which side of the narrative do I want to be on?
Do I want to be on the right side of history or the wrong side of history?
And so
They're starting to come to grips with that, and they're wondering like, hey, if we announce this to the public and let them know we're going to have mass panic, and I said, no, you're going to have mass relief.
You're going to have mass relief that people finally are waking up to what's going on.
Because, look, in America, 42% of the people who want to bring a class action against would join a class action against the drug, the vaccine companies.
42% of Americans would
want to join a class action.
That would be the largest class action in history.
So the public knows it, but the legislators are pretending like the public doesn't know it because they're not gonna, they're like, we can't believe that survey.
But it's from Rasmussen Reports, which is one of the top pollsters in the country.
And they've been very accurate historically on their polls.
Nobody's running a poll that shows anything different.
Russell, they won't even ask the question.
And 25% of Americans know someone who died from the vaccine.
