[SPEAKER_24]
We know the jabs are bringing death And still they're seeking arms To deliver their poison Which time reveals the harm The propaganda still works for some But the truth is known by most
And yet it still goes on and on, the parasite and the host Big Pharma is a parasite, humanity its source Feeding on the spirit that some men now divorce
Giving up their freedoms for a story built on lies A story made from fear, telling man to close his eyes We all know what happened here, we all know the truth How many more have to die before we call it proof?
We all know what happened here, we all know the truth
How many more have to die before we call it proof Call it proof
To hand over sovereignty and give way to machines Accepting the injections and ignoring what that means As the victims fall away as we watch our fellows die All this goes on and on as we tolerate the lie
When will we revolt?
When will we ask why?
We allow this to happen as people clot and die.
More get injected amongst policies of death.
Government owns our money, and now it wants to own our breath.
We all know what happened here.
We all know the truth.
How many more have to die before we call it proof?
We all know what happened here.
We all know the truth.
How many more have to die before we call it proof?
Call it proof.

[SPEAKER_16]
You know, I wish I didn't have to make this video and that the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation didn't have to exist.
Unfortunately, most people still believe the health authorities.

[SPEAKER_08]
Would you support a nationwide mandate of the COVID vaccine once it comes out?

[SPEAKER_27]
No, definitely not.
You don't want to mandate and try and force anyone to take a vaccine.
We've never done that.

[SPEAKER_32]
Starting tomorrow in the district, you'll have to show proof of vaccination to dine out, go to the gym, see a concert, or catch a sports game.

[SPEAKER_31]
Full circle, here we are.
Here we are, right?
Masks, vaccines, no food, can't go to certain places without a mask on or if you don't have a vaccine.
Doctors turning down patients because they aren't vaccinated, determining who will live and who will die.
This is absurd, but it was coming.
And compliance is the driving force.

[SPEAKER_34]
The huddled maskless descended upon Washington for the million mandate march.
Thousands of far right-wing nuts joined thousands of far left-wing nuts for what was billed as a defeat the mandates rally.
And if you're wondering what kind of speakers they lined up for this meeting of the minds, the answer is this kind.

[SPEAKER_07]
This is the example of what you get when you choose to attack all members of the human family.
This is what you get when you decide to go after a person's child.
And I have to make it very clear that they really didn't expect all of this.

[SPEAKER_00]
Thousands from across the country rallied today in Washington, D.C. for a rally against COVID-19 mandates.

[SPEAKER_04]
The message for many on Sunday was not anti-vaccine, but the right to choose.

[SPEAKER_17]
Thank all of you for coming out today to stand up for our children, our grandchildren, and our great grandchildren.

[SPEAKER_16]
What we need to do is to start listening to the doctors who have treated thousands of COVID cases with no deaths.
Is that too much to ask?
We represent 17,000 doctors and scientists.

[SPEAKER_18]
Today, you are going to hear the truth.
And the doctors who stand in front of you early on in the pandemic used all their clinical skills and knowledge and compassionately treated each and every high-risk patient to the best of their ability to prevent too bad outcomes, hospitalization and death.

[SPEAKER_28]
We found no instance across the world, the entire world, where any lockdown policy, where any school closure policy, where any mass mandate work, they all failed.

[SPEAKER_17]
The care of patients should not be dictated by the government, by state agencies or hospitals.

[SPEAKER_27]
The welding of digital technologies, public health and police power are leading to unprecedented invasions on our privacy,
and intrusive methods of control.

[SPEAKER_17]
Healthy children should not be forced to subject vaccination.

[SPEAKER_18]
Regarding the genetic COVID vaccines, the science is settled.
They're not working.
When you wake up in the morning, CNN, did you say, I'm going to cancel and censor doctors today so people can die?

[SPEAKER_27]
We're fighting for ourselves, our patients, and all of you.
We are fighting against big pharma.
They have always put profits before patients.

[SPEAKER_18]
The truth is like a lion.
You don't have to defend it.
Let it loose.
It will defend itself.

[SPEAKER_13]
Susan, several thousand people here right now listening to performers and speakers, some of whom even say they were injured by the vaccines, but they're insistent that this isn't a vaccine protest, but rather a mandate protest.

[SPEAKER_17]
During COVID, they closed our schools and left the strip clubs open.

[SPEAKER_14]
Frustration on full display.

[SPEAKER_12]
These mandates are affecting people's lives, their livelihood, and ability to live.

[SPEAKER_14]
Defeat the mandates rally in downtown Los Angeles.

[SPEAKER_29]
I'm not an anti-vaxxer.
I actually got all my vaccines.

[SPEAKER_14]
Thousands crowding into the park in front of LA City Hall with similar concerns.

[SPEAKER_29]
For a certain percentage of the population, they are actually taking a real risk of severe injury or death.
How is that acceptable to mandate that product?

[SPEAKER_04]
If you had told me three years ago that people in the state of California would be masked against their will, ejected against their will, and forced to comply with taking into their bodies an experimental treatment
In order to work and look after their children, I would have thought you were writing a dystopian science fiction novel.

[SPEAKER_16]
You know, history will not be kind to these people who claim that they're telling people the truth, because eventually the truth does come out.

[SPEAKER_11]
The COVID litigation conference, a groundbreaking event that brought together lawyers to address the surging number of cases in the COVID space.
I sued Rochester General six times over the course of the year.
I won in court each of those six times.
According to Rolling Stone magazine, over the next 10 years, COVID lawsuits are projected to experience tremendous growth.

[SPEAKER_00]
You'll find that your phone will start ringing and ringing and ringing and ringing.

[SPEAKER_11]
Experts predict that COVID litigation will surpass the combined impact of big tobacco and asbestos cases.

[SPEAKER_04]
We are small firms or we are solo practitioners.

[SPEAKER_11]
During this two-day conference, renowned COVID litigators formed panels delving into critical topics like hospital negligence, education mandates, fraud, vaccine injuries, civil rights, and future litigation.
You can figure out what is right and true and good if you spend the time.

[SPEAKER_27]
The PREP Act actually doesn't cover negligence.

[SPEAKER_17]
The argument will be that suing CVS or suing your doctor or your pediatrician
for a violation of informed consent is not covered by PREP Act immunity.

[SPEAKER_12]
What it basically is under New York state law is it allows you to sue a government actor either for something that they're doing that they shouldn't be doing or something that they're supposed to be doing but they're not doing.

[SPEAKER_11]
NPR and Politico praise COVID Litigation Conference 2023, recognizing its potential for real impact.

[SPEAKER_31]
Every case that is brought under COVID are attacking our freedoms in this country.

[SPEAKER_08]
That is the most exciting, most interesting litigation that we can do as lawyers.
It is the pinnacle of our field and we all have an opportunity to engage in it right now.

[SPEAKER_11]
Visit vacsafety.org now.

[SPEAKER_01]
and I opened the paper and I saw this girl had died unexpectedly.
She woke up and died.
Who knows?
Young people are dying these days.

[SPEAKER_03]
It is my duty and responsibility as a consultant cardiologist and public health campaigner to urgently inform doctors, patients and members of the public that the COVID mRNA vaccine has likely played a significant role or been a primary cause of unexpected cardiac arrests, heart attacks, strokes, cardiac arrhythmias and heart failure since 2021.
Until proven otherwise.

[SPEAKER_19]
200 papers showing that the myocarditis causes heart damage and a scar and then the scar becomes the basis for a cardiac arrhythmia and then the arrhythmia is responsible for the sudden death that we're seeing and we're seeing sudden death now on a massive scale in younger people.
It's my view.
It's the COVID-19 vaccine until proven otherwise.

[SPEAKER_17]
You had this kind of indignation that made you just relentless on this issue.
And you do it in such a wonderful way.
And it's been so you've been such a gift to this movement, Steve.

[SPEAKER_16]
If you don't have free speech, we're done.
This is so important.
I know a lot of people are saying, oh, this is boring and all this.
This is important stuff that I learned today and that people need to know that we have a shot at really reclaiming free speech in America.

[SPEAKER_23]
Are you going to be able to have a doctor and you and your doctor can decide what's best for you?
Or are you going to get the same treatment as everybody else, which the government decided you need to have?

[SPEAKER_33]
We have never been able to successfully vaccinate against any coronavirus ever.
So the idea of us sort of waiting around until we were able to find this vaccine was a little strange to me.

[SPEAKER_17]
They've lied to us.
It's manipulation of data.
They've outrightly lied to us.

[SPEAKER_12]
We don't have any long-term safety data.
The data is being collected now, unfortunately.

[SPEAKER_27]
When you go to those committees, it's a predetermined inject that they're going to get approved.
For toddlers, zero-year-olds.
infants, three-year-olds.
You were getting constant nudge-style propaganda messaging and the immediate need to vaccinate and then get boosted and so on.
And the corporate media was being funded by Pfizer and Moderna.
I mean, we know that.
The number of people who have died suddenly, who are dying suddenly, all over the world is off the charts.

[SPEAKER_16]
They don't know why he died, but... No, we know why he died.

[SPEAKER_21]
The only thing that changed in his life was the vaccine.
He was perfectly healthy.

[SPEAKER_16]
Now you may find some comfort in knowing that you are not alone and we are all fighting this fight, but we will win.
Your donation will help us to fight back against this horrible injustice.
And it's even more important because these shots are being delivered to our children.
please give generously and help support the work of the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation.

[SPEAKER_11]
Thank you.
Hello, and welcome to this special VSRF live comedy fundraiser, a live Steve Kirsch roast for a great cause.
I'd also like to, well, my name is Livio Sanchez, executive producer at the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation, and I'd like to introduce you to my co-host tonight for the evening, Joseph Arthur.
Welcome, Joseph.

[SPEAKER_21]
Hello, Livio.
Thanks for having me on, and I'm happy to be a part of this fundraiser to get VSRF
funded because we need to raise some funds because VSRF needs to be publicly funded in 2024.
Is that right?

[SPEAKER_11]
That is correct.
We absolutely rely on the public's donations.
Any amount, small donations, 10, 20 bucks or more, of course, we're happy to receive more, but we'd like to get as many small ones as well.
So any amount really will help us going forward.

[SPEAKER_21]
That's right, that's right.
And I don't know, I didn't come up with any Steve Kirsch roast jokes.
I think with roasts, you normally have joke writers and all that, so I don't know how we... Oh, we're gonna have plenty tonight.
We have plenty?
Okay, we can feed off of each other.
I don't know if you can see that I have a blue tongue or not, but...
I have a blue tongue because I just went to the cold plunge place and the guy who owns it had a blue tongue and I said, what did you do?
He said, I took this stuff, this methane stuff, I don't know, it's a neurotropic and I took it and then I said, how long does your mouth stay blue?
all night.
And I was like, I have to be on a simulcast, man.
This is, we'll take a free box and just explain it.
So there you go.

[SPEAKER_11]
What is it supposed to do?
I don't know.

[SPEAKER_21]
I have no idea.
I just like, I'll take anything.
Somebody says, yeah.
You didn't take the jab though.
Well, no, there you go.
And that's a good point.
This is a good segue because I'll take anything when it comes to biohacking, like infrared sauna, cold plunge, fasting, all these natural ways towards getting ourselves healthy that I think as well as all the great information that VSRF puts out there, we should also start putting out more and more information
on how we can all take care of our own health so we don't feel so vulnerable to whatever's floating around.
There's a lot we can do.
So I guess in a weird way, my blue mouth can be a symbol of that, although I'm sure it looks horrific on camera, but there you go.

[SPEAKER_11]
It's a nice color.
But you make a good point, Joseph.
I've learned so much just being part of VSRF and meeting so many different people, especially doctors who are trying to help us be healthy, eat healthy, wellness.
It's something that's definitely opened my eyes and I'm glad you're taking blue stuff.

[SPEAKER_21]
You gotta do it sometimes.
Take a blue pill.
Oh, it's a red pill, though.
I took the blue pill.
Isn't that the wrong one to take?

[SPEAKER_11]
Steve might give you some business for that, for taking a blue pill instead of a red pill.
That puts me back in The Matrix.

[SPEAKER_21]
Wait a minute, what happened?
Did Agent Smith give me that?
Maybe.
I don't know.
We have a big show tonight, right?
I mean, we got lots of guests coming on and lots of music.
I'm gonna play a song.
We got Five Times August.
You know, I think Rob Schneider's coming on too, right?
And Rusty Rockets.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, Rob will be here in the third hour.
He's on set on a film in Mexico.
So he's going to join us later on in the broadcast.
So stay tuned for that.

[SPEAKER_21]
You can do it.

[SPEAKER_11]
You can donate.
And we have many special live drop-in guests coming in to roast Steve throughout the evening.
So look, yeah, it's going to be fun.
I wanted to also say that our purpose.

[SPEAKER_21]
There's something where like somebody, they're gonna pay somebody $10,000 to make them fly with Steve or something.

[SPEAKER_11]
Well, let's do that.
Let's go over to our donate.

[SPEAKER_21]
That was a joke, Livio.
I flipped it.
I was roasting Steve.
I was trying to get in the spirit.

[SPEAKER_11]
Let's go ahead and do a little bit of looking at what we have to offer here tonight.
Like I said at the top, any and all donations will help.
And look, we're already at 15,476.
Our goal is to get to 200K.
So we got some work to do tonight.
So any amount helps.
But check this out.

[SPEAKER_21]
Low amounts are fine.
10 bucks, five bucks, anything you can afford.
Last time we did a fundraiser, it was for Maui.
And we noticed that a lot of the donations were like,
large or sort of not at all.
And so we want to encourage people, hey, if you only got 10 bucks to spare, that's great.
That's awesome.
And so yeah, every little bit helps.

[SPEAKER_11]
And even if you're here for free, hit the like button, engage in the chat, just participate.
We're good with that too.
But here's some other levels here.
Key supporter, 20 bucks, every donation helps.
And then Joseph, can you read that?
VSRF super fan.

[SPEAKER_21]
VSRF super fan.
I can't barely read that.

[SPEAKER_11]
I'll read it It says a join Steve on a private zoom for a virtual happy hour to be scheduled before the end of the year So that's a good 50 bucks and you can talk to Steve Yeah, definitely Steve's gonna pay somebody 50 bucks to make them listen to him exactly

[SPEAKER_21]
Sorry, is that a bad joke?
I don't know.

[SPEAKER_11]
You're confusing people.
We want people to donate.
Steve might pay a certain select few, but we got a $100 level VSRF Warrior receive an autographed copy of either the Defeat the COVID or Neither Safe Nor Effective second edition by Dr. Colleen Huber.
So that's pretty good.
Get those autographed books.
Then for 150, we've got Steve's Ride or Die team.
You will receive a custom-created, hilarious Steve t-shirt with your donation.
And Steve is going to rock that shirt later on.
We're going to see that.
So that's a good one right there.
And then the VSRF champion for $250.
Receive either a Bobby Kennedy Jr. autographed copy of the real Anthony Fauci,
Or a Steve autographed copy of Turtles All the Way Down, which has anonymous authors, but that is a great book and it'd be nice to have a copy with Steve's autograph on it.

[SPEAKER_21]
What's turtles all the way down about?

[SPEAKER_11]
Oh, you haven't read that?

[SPEAKER_21]
No.
Oh yeah.
Supposed to is like all the cool kids know that book already.

[SPEAKER_11]
We're going to see if Steve will send you an autograph copy because it's definitely, what is it about?
It's about vaccines.
Ah, what else?
And um, yeah, it definitely will.
Um, yeah.
Any of the brainwashing that was done to you before reading this book will just be eliminated.

[SPEAKER_21]
And it's important to understand that VSRF is the voice of the vaccine injured.
Everybody who got injured got called crazy.
They got ignored.
I mean, we never saw anything like it.
Eric Clapton just relayed his experience of getting injured.
And look at the smear campaign that was leveraged on him.
I mean, a lot of us got canceled if we sort of questioned it publicly, the mRNA campaign.
That happened to me, but I never took it.
I never got injured.
I cannot imagine what it's like for somebody who took it and got injured and just wanted to relay their experience, just wanted support and cannot find it psychologically, spiritually or medically from anyone because the whole medical community was completely terrified.
and wouldn't treat it, wouldn't take it seriously, tried to make it a mental illness and on and on it goes.
So your donations are really for VSRF are giving the vaccine injured a voice and a sort of platform to get help really.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, and in the amount of research, I mean I Steve is tireless.
I mean I just Constantly working on presenting the data that that obviously The authorities don't want to look at so right There's also I want to also show one more thing because we've got this auction happening
tonight and there's two significant auctions one is uh two nights in silicon valley with steve kirsch and uh we'll get into this bidding later but you want to have a you know for five grand that's the starting bid
a one round trip airline ticket, transportation and lodging for two nights in beautiful Silicon Valley.
Night two will feature a dinner with Steve Kirsch at one of his favorite restaurants near his home.
So that'll be a really worthwhile trip.
So we start the bidding at 5,000.
You can start bidding and we'll do a little auction later with Rob.
And then we have another one.
This one is awesome.
Fly the Friendly Mask Guys with Steve Kirsch.
You'll get to join Steve in first class on a one-way flight to anywhere you choose in the continental US.
Good times will be had by all as you and Steve enjoy cocktails, airline food, and of course, Steve's mile high antics as he challenges his fellow passengers to take off their masks for large sums of cash.

[SPEAKER_21]
Now, I just flew recently and there wasn't a whole lot of mask wearers, you know what I mean?
It seems like the jig is up on the mask.
You see them every now and again.
But by and large, I think, you know, just like with the uptake of the new booster was, I guess, 3%, the uptake of masks seems to be diminishing as well.
I mean, you know, I think people are largely aware of the sham that has occurred over the last few years.
Yeah, waking up.
So waking up is hard to do, but thank God it is happening.
So yeah, fly the friendly skies with Steve, berate whatever mask wearers are there in a friendly, loving way.

[SPEAKER_11]
10 grand is the starting bid on that one.
So feel free to start the bidding on that and we'll get back to the auction later on.
And yeah, I think, uh, I agree with you, but I think it's also regional Joseph.
I, there are parts of the country, uh, where I still see mass squares, especially going into like grocery stores.
Sometimes the work, the people that work there checking out, they're wearing masks and, uh, I, you know, it's their choice.
I, I guess I understand to a certain degree.

[SPEAKER_21]
You understand?
I don't really understand.
I think it's unhealthy to do that.
It's like, you know, you're sort of breathing in your own carbon dioxide and I don't know.
I don't believe in the mask at all.
I think it's psychologically oppressive as well.

[SPEAKER_11]
I fall back on Matthias Desmond.
It's the the menticide.
It's the mass diagnosis that they're under and it's hard to break that spell.

[SPEAKER_21]
And it's, you know, our immune systems, that's the whole thing that, you know, this whole thing was sort of built upon the idea that, you know, human beings aren't designed in some kind of, you know, really perfect way if you take care of yourself.
If you sort of, you know, we're an amazing machine.
You gotta read the manual.
You have to know certain things to do to keep your immune system up.
But having sort of an influx of,
Whatever bacteria virus or whatever you that's what boost your immune system So if you try to protect yourself too much It's like it's like you want your immune system to go to the gym and lift some weights and to have to fight a little Some battles so it strengthens itself, you know Yeah, they never told us to get healthy and eat well and go to the gym and exercise and get plenty of rest about during the during the during the lockdowns and

[SPEAKER_11]
So we should get to our guest of honor, Steve Kirsch.
The last thing I want to say about the fundraise, not the last thing, I'm going to keep talking about it all night, but our goal is to get to 200K.
That's what it's going to cost to fund us for 2024, and we have to self-fund.
And so we were here tonight to raise the funds to keep us going all into next year.
And we got a great show.
Now, I don't know when you first met Joseph, I mean, when you first met Steve Kersh, Joseph, but I met him the night before Defeat the Mandates in DC.
And I had a chance to talk to him and interview him.
And I got a short little clip from
interview that I'll play before we bring Steve on.
So let me share this.
This is the night before he went up on stage.

[SPEAKER_16]
I used to be a high-tech executive.
I've started a number of companies in Silicon Valley, and I was vaccinated and doubly vaccinated.
My family was vaccinated and subsequently found out that my friends were injured.
I have one friend who has three relatives that died within a week after getting the vaccine, and all three were perfectly healthy before that.
And so a number of incidents led me to look into actually what the evidence was.
And the more I looked at the evidence, the more concerned I was because the evidence was showing that the vaccines were not safe and effective as they were represented.
We're fed up with mandates, being mandated to take an injection into our bodies in order to keep our job
in order to go into restaurants, into theaters, and basically to have a normal life.
We're basically told you have to be vaccinated in order to have a normal life anymore.
And that's wrong.
You know, if there's supposedly a social benefit from vaccination and we've never been shown a risk-benefit analysis saying that, well, you're risking your life, Mr. Kirsch, in order to save 100,000 lives of people you don't know.
Well, maybe I might be interested in doing that if I was single and I didn't have a family.
But I've got a family, and I'm not interested in taking a risk that would deprive them, my kids, of their father in order to save a hypothetical number of people.
And it's even worse when the number of people that I might save
is unknown.
And if I'm mandated to take something, the person mandating that is not accepting liability for what would happen if the injection paralyzes me for life or kills me.

[SPEAKER_11]
I'd like to welcome to the guest of honor, Mr. Steve Kersh, VSRF founder.

[SPEAKER_21]
How are you this evening, Steve?
Hello, Steve.

[SPEAKER_16]
I was muted.
I'm here, I'm good.
Are you ready to get roasted tonight?
There's a little trepidation, but I think I can handle it.

[SPEAKER_21]
I already hurled some insults your way, Steve, and I'm sorry about that.
No problem.
I don't mean it, but it's a roast.
We're supposed to.

[SPEAKER_11]
Steve, I remember that night.

[SPEAKER_21]
Who came up with the idea to roast, by the way?
Where did that idea come from?

[SPEAKER_11]
I believe it was our producer for tonight's show, it was Genie Sheffield, wasn't it?
Yeah, it wasn't my idea.
No, and I want to give a shout out to Genie for setting this whole event up.
Thank you, Genie Sheffield.
Steve, that clip I just showed, that was the night before Defeat the Mandates in D.C. and almost two years later, I mean, you're
You're as strong as ever.
You were a little apprehensive that night though.
Can you put yourself back in that mindset?

[SPEAKER_16]
Oh yeah.
Um, you know, our house got broken into, uh, while we were doing the interview, right?

[SPEAKER_11]
Right at the 35 minute mark of that interview, your phone went off or your watch.

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's like, wow, great timing.
I guess they thought I would be away from the house at the time.
I'll never forget that.

[SPEAKER_21]
Yeah.
Do they steal a bunch of stuff?

[SPEAKER_16]
What do they get?
Yeah, they got a lot of stuff.

[SPEAKER_11]
They were all the way inside.
Yeah, it was the expression on your face.

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah, we have a silent alarm.
They tripped it.

[SPEAKER_21]
That's crazy.
Did you ever find them?

[SPEAKER_16]
Not that I'm aware of.

[SPEAKER_21]
Okay, well you'd probably be aware if they found them.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_11]
Well I'm gonna leave you guys to chat for a little bit and arrange some stuff backstage so I'll be back soon to play some videos that we got from some special friends.

[SPEAKER_21]
All right.
So Steve, what do you, what's your feeling about, uh, where things are going in terms of people waking up to what's actually happening with the vaccines?
It's like your Twitter feed is on fire.
You're always challenging, uh, the, you know, the narrative.
And I mean, are you feeling good that, that potentially the vaccines will be taken off the shelves and discontinued entirely or what, what you're feeling about it?

[SPEAKER_16]
Well, I was walking around the house singing Ding Dong the Witch is Dead.
And that happened a few days ago when I got some some interesting data.
It is devastating.
So I'm going to present that on Thursday at my talk at MIT.
And it's
It's a little hard for anyone to explain.
And nobody seems to want to explain it.
I've asked on Twitter.
Nobody seems to want to explain it.
But we'll see what happens.
I think it's it's extremely, extremely compelling.
Anyone with any critical thinking skills left will not want to take any of these covid vaccines after my talk is over, because everything will be verified.

[SPEAKER_21]
OK, so it seems though the capacity for the sort of the other side of this whole argument to ignore data is is astronomical and shocking and surprising, because I would have thought this would have the witch would have been dead a long time ago by now.
But it just seems to be that people can ignore ignore things that are just right there in front of their face.
So how do you explain that?

[SPEAKER_16]
Well, so I know what's going to happen after I do my talk.
So we're going to go and reveal this record level data.
I'll reveal a data repository.
I'll reveal all the login credentials for the data repository.
And you can go in and look at the Medicare data.
You can look at Maldives data.
You can look at a bunch of data from other places.
And it's a stunning revelation.
It's data that's never been made publicly available before.
And so what will happen is that people will ignore it.
Because they they don't have to look, you know, you can, you know, it's the old saying, you can lead a horse to water, but you can't make them drink.
So this data which shows that the vaccines are killing massive numbers of people, at least one per one per thousand doses, basically.
Uh, so, uh, that's on average over all five vaccines and some vaccines are more dangerous than others.
So the first shot isn't as dangerous as say the third shot.
And so I'll go into that so you can see which shots are the most dangerous, but, but they're all basically raising all cost mortality.
Uh,
So I'll be showing all of that.
It's truly tragic.
And so what will happen is people will say, well, that's his analysis and his data, even though it's publicly available.
It's now publicly available data.
And it is data extracted from a public health system, a very well-known public health system that is known for their accurate data.
So we have data extracted from a public health system that is known for keeping accurate data.
And for the first time ever, it will be revealed and it will show that all of these health officials
are basically ignoring the data in front of them because they can.
I tried to contact my officials in California, the California Department of Public Health.
And who knows, maybe the data is from the California Department of Public Health.
And I said, I know it's in your data.
And I said, you should look at it because it shows that you're killing
on average, one person per thousand doses of the vaccine.
They did not respond.
They don't have to respond.
The law doesn't require them to respond.
The law doesn't require them to look at their data and analyze the data and determine whether it's a safe vaccine.
So what happens is that the FDA basically, FDA and CDC says it's safe.
Now, the FDA and CDC do not have the record level data.
They do not know when people were vaccinated and when they died.
So they can't do the analysis that I can do.
So they say it's safe.
And then what happens is that each state then who had and the states have the data, the states could do the analysis.
But the states are told no need to look at the data, folks, because it's safe and effective.
Trust us, even though we've never seen the data.
You know, we have other data that we trust, and so it's safe and effective.
So you don't need to look at your data at all.
And so they don't.
So when we do the Freedom of Information Act request on, say, California Department of Public Health, there are no analyses that have ever been done on these vaccines.
And you know what?
And if I revealed that their data shows that there is a public health disaster, for example,
Well, they're just going to ignore that saying, and they'll issue a press release saying, we don't comment on third party analyses of data.
And by the way, we're not compelled, we are not required to look at the data at all.
And it's safe and effective because the CDC and the FDA say it's safe and effective.
So there is no reason for us to bother to look at the data, even though it would only take us five minutes of somebody's time to actually look at the data and find out whether the vaccines are safe.
We don't have to do that.
It's going to be interesting because there are some honest people in this world who will look at the data and will make a determination that is very obvious at plain sight that these vaccines are killing people and will put pressure on the authorities.
And so what will happen, and it may not happen tomorrow, it may not happen in 30 days from now, but we know there's at least one governor
in the United States that is pretty upset with what's been going on with the vaccines.
So if nobody does it and everybody, you know, sits back and relaxes and does nothing, it's going to come out.
And so it's an opportunity for people to be on the right side of history or for people to basically sit back and say, you know,
I saved five minutes looking at the data.
I don't look at data until it is published in a peer-reviewed literature.
Lots of luck getting your study published in the peer-reviewed literature.
And in the meantime, the vaccines will go on.
So we'll see what happens.

[SPEAKER_21]
Well, what's so interesting is your own journey with this because you took the vaccine and then talked to some guy working at your house whose friend had a heart attack or family member and then another one and you quickly realized that that would be impossible unless you were being lied to.
And this was years ago at this point.
I think we first talked three years ago and this happened
You know, and since then, it's been just endless amounts of people dying suddenly.
We're seeing the clotting from the morticians.
I mean, there's so much more than that.
Plus, we have someone like you, who's just tirelessly been passionate about this.
And Peter McCall, I can't really f*** too many others like you.
You're in a blast of your own.
I know this is gross, and so I shouldn't pick up you.
Uh, but yeah, you should try to get a flight with Steve cause he is in a class of his own.
And I was kidding before about, uh, having to sit with him.
It would be an honor.
But, but so, you know, it's what I'm trying to say here is yeah, there's, there's going to be this natural resistance to this data for sure.
But I think most people are, are kind of where you were three years ago.
They sort of understand that something's wrong.
We see the uptake of the latest booster is.
Insanely low.
I heard 3% I don't know if that's very verified or not, but it's really low So the jig is kind of already up I think in the hearts and minds of most people so I I think you're maybe right to be optimistic about this, you know and some of the doctors who want to be on the right side of history some of the people that can relay this data to the world and

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah, I mean it's it's gonna it it's gonna happen.
It's this is a tipping point here You know the this record level data has never been released to the public before Now this is the first time in history That this data is now available.
I think it's going to be a tipping point and I think you'll see more people Basically flip
Because the data is it's undeniable when you look at the data.
There's there's no way like it all fits.
It's all consistent.
Well, you know, I did a calculation based on on one of the data sets, one of the record level data sets that I'll be revealing.
and the average deaths, 200 excess deaths per 100 person years into effectively one, and it's so consistent with all of the other work that I've done.
So I think it's gonna be hard to ignore all of the consistency.

[SPEAKER_21]
And so what are you expecting when you give your speech at MIT?
I mean, this is going to be, is this like a sort of, you know, you're waiting to reveal this data.
I mean, I wish you would reveal it right now, but your, your, why are you deciding to hold off and wait for this speech?
Do you think this speech will, um, garner a lot of interest?
And so you're the, the message will get out clear.
I mean, what's your thinking behind this?

[SPEAKER_16]
Well, the leaker of one of the data sources wanted me to embargo the data until just, it turns out to be right before I was giving the talk at MIT.
I see.
So I'm basically respecting the wishes of the leaker not to release the data until they release it first.
And then I will release it.
So the the people who will release it will essentially self authenticate the data.
And it will be quite devastating for for one country in the world.

[SPEAKER_21]
OK, I'll wait to find out what that is.
And plus, you get to use the word embargo.
So whenever you get to use the word embargo, I think you're winning.
You know, it feels like you're in a movie or something.
I don't know.
Is that just me?

[SPEAKER_11]
Anyway, well, I came on because one of our first special guests, Colin or Dylan, just came in.
Dr. Sabine Hazan.
I'm going to bring her on.
Sabine, are you ready?
Here she comes.
Hello, Dr. Hazan.
How are you this evening?
I'm doing good.

[UNKNOWN]
How are you?

[SPEAKER_11]
Good.
Any way we could turn up your microphone just a little bit or get closer to it?

[SPEAKER_05]
You know what?
Hold on.

[SPEAKER_11]
She'll be right back.
By the way, this is Steve.
I want to show you that.

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah, show the t-shirt maybe wear this Che Guevara Che Guevara curse.

[SPEAKER_11]
Did we announce who won the first t-shirt?

[SPEAKER_21]
Joseph?
Oh, let me do that.
I have that information right here, Livio.
Thank you.
First t-shirt winner, a true super fan, Sivayana9.
Tell her we'll send her a private DM.
Well, I just did by reading that text directly.
Anyway, so there we go.
We got a t-shirt winner.
I want one of those t-shirts, by the way.
I hope

[SPEAKER_11]
Well, well, well, Sabine is, yeah, well, so I've got to bring here hang on.
Let's bring Pierre on.
There's Pierre.
Hello, Dr. Corey.

[SPEAKER_27]
Oh, my gosh.
I just had I was like screaming here on the sideline.
when i saw steve's shirt oh isn't that you want one don't you oh man do i want one steve you deserve every inch of that shirt i love it you're sitting in a stupid plain seat offering people thousands of dollars 32 million 32 million views on twitter are you kidding me that really does 32 well last time i checked there may be more now
And wait, and which one was that?
Is that the one where you offered money to take off a mask?

[SPEAKER_16]
100 grand to take off your mask for the duration of the flight.

[SPEAKER_21]
Damn, I would have taken that thing.
Did they take it off?
I haven't.
I don't see it.

[SPEAKER_16]
No, but when they when they serve the food, they took it off.
She took it off when they showed the food.

[SPEAKER_21]
Dude, she could have had a hundred grand.
Did she believe you?
Did she believe you?

[SPEAKER_16]
No, it's okay.
This is the free for all.
I started low.
I started low as coach.
You start low, you start at like a thousand and you know, cause then it's serious, right?
And then you just say, well, would you do it for 10?
Would you do it for like a hundred?
I stopped at a hundred.
I wasn't going to test that one.

[SPEAKER_11]
Steve, did she ever feel threatened by you or was it kind of tongue in cheek?
What was the, what was her?

[SPEAKER_16]
Oh no, no, no, no.
You know, we, we had a conversation going before I asked her, um, about the, the mask.
She works for a pharma company.
I don't even remember the name now.
It was so long ago, but yeah, she, she told me where she worked.

[SPEAKER_21]
Did she realize you could actually pay her a hundred grand?
I mean, did she find out later?

[SPEAKER_16]
No, I didn't.
I didn't probe that.
But, you know, people make mistakes.

[SPEAKER_21]
That's a big mistake.

[SPEAKER_27]
Steve, let me ask a different question.
In your entire COVID journey, with all of the monetary offerings that you've done to debate, to do this, to bet on this or anything,
has anyone ever taken up on any of your monetary offers?

[SPEAKER_16]
Yes.
Yeah.
So our wolf, I bet a million dollars that the COVID vaccines have killed more people than they've saved.

[SPEAKER_27]
Okay.

[SPEAKER_16]
And to me that that's like a sure thing slam dunk bet.
And now with the with the record level data, it's even more devastating.
I mean, I don't I only need a couple of slides now.

[SPEAKER_27]
Wait, you're telling me someone accepted that offer and you guys accepted it for 500 grand.

[SPEAKER_16]
He wasn't willing to go
up to the million, but he said if he likes the judges, then he'll bump it up to a million.

[SPEAKER_27]
All right, Steve, I've got to point out, it hasn't happened yet, okay?

[SPEAKER_16]
No, but we're in the process.
Every day there's something going on since it happened in terms of moving the ball forward.
And, you know, getting everything set up and getting the judges picked.
And so, you know, a big thing was picking the judges.
And so we settled on a epidemiologist with an H index of, I think, 50 or more.
And it would be randomly selected by the consulting firm.
And there would be a red pill epidemiologist, a blue pill epidemiologist and a purple pill epidemiologist.
And so it would be essentially snacked fair.
And so the whole deal is you start with the control group, which is an evenly even judge.
And then somebody has to flip based on the evidence presented.

[SPEAKER_27]
I'll believe it when I see it.
I just would love money to change hands.
I want to see.

[SPEAKER_16]
I'm definitely looking forward to it.

[SPEAKER_27]
And as, as a, um, just as a little, we're having fun about this and I think we should because it's so depressing, but we are really talking about evidence about millions of lives lost due to absolutely no question at least 13 million.
Steve, you know, I've been been behind you.

[SPEAKER_05]
So I want to see lives lost from people that were not treated right now.
Right.

[SPEAKER_16]
Great point.
No, I'm yeah, but I'm just talking about the these the vaccines, just the just the direct carnage from the vaccines is one per thousand doses.
There were over 13.
billion doses, which translates into 13 million lives lost.
And that compares very favorably to the number 17 million that Dennis, yeah, that Dennis Rancourt calculated recently in his paper, which is kind of putting a little plug as I think this is Steve's night, but I want to point out that Steve founded and operated something called the COVID early treatment fund.

[SPEAKER_27]
So he was already
really involved in COVID in trying to identify and disseminate evidence on early treatments, then he later did VSRF once he discovered the vaccine catastrophe.
So I just want to point out that Steve's been on it.
I mean, he is literally a very data driven guy, you know, very thorough, very meticulous.
He's had resources to get help.
He's tried to reach out for people to research as well as to analyze and
I mean, Steve, that shirt and you should go down in history.
That's all I want to say.
Maybe I can add one thing because I do want to go to dinner.
I have a dinner that I want to go to.
Is this like a roast or something?
It's supposed to be a roast.
I don't have a roast and I'm not a professional comedian, but I will offer you guys this.
All right, watch.
Ready?
This is my impression of Steve and our numerous conversations over the last couple of years, right?
So it usually begins with a text and it's like, I've got it.
You need to hear this.
Call me.
So I call him and I know what's going to happen.
And Steve's like,
Oh, this time we've got them.
I've got the data.
I found a database of nursing homes where 150 people died in the three days after they started vaccinating.
By the way, I'm probably overstating the case.

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah, you are.

[SPEAKER_27]
Two weeks later, I've got it.
I have this new database showing that everyone in the hospitals are dying after they started vaccinating.
And I'm like, oh, Steve, this is definitely going to win.
They're totally going to listen to you.
You know, you have to, you have to be positive about these things, you know, because otherwise, don't stop, you don't stop, you know what the truth is, you're trying to get the truth out.
And this is the conversation that Steve and I have.
And I've just been saying the same stupid thing over and over.
I'm like, Steve, it's not a data argument.
You can't, you know, dislodge people's beliefs and trusts with data.
They're going to trust whoever they're going to trust, but Steve doesn't quit.
And I, and that's why I support Steve and every, cause I'm a data guy.
I literally think that the whole world should be listening to data and looking at data and we should be changing our opinions accordingly, but the whole world doesn't think like us.
But Steve does, he's our leader and I love it.

[SPEAKER_21]
If it's not a data thing, then what is it, Pierre?
What do you think will shift the hearts and minds of the people in this realm?

[SPEAKER_27]
I wish I knew the answer.
I don't know that I have the answer.
I think I have the diagnosis.
I'm first a diagnostician.
I really do believe it's belief systems.
So I think if people really believe in the institutions of society, whether it be the public health agencies, the government, the media, the medical journals, if they generally have that trust and that informs their reality, they believe in their world and they believe in the information that comes to them, they're going to act accordingly.
When people come with data that doesn't comport with their reality, that kind of changes their belief system.
They're going to ignore it.
They're going to denigrate it.
They're going to dismiss it.
So how do we get...
So here's the question.
I'm going to cite Chris Martenson, a board member, actually, of VSRF and my organization, FLCCC.
He's kind of a bit of an oracle to us.
But you know, what Chris says is that what we're trying to do is we're trying to bring private knowledge to common knowledge.
And so when you ask like, what is it going to take?
I don't know that we have the magical solution of how to bring this private knowledge we have to make it more common, especially since we're in such an unprecedented time, right?
We're living in a totalitarian information dome.
I mean, you have media that censors everything, that propagandizes all truth that we try to bring out.
We get fact-checked to death.
Like, it's a very strange time.
And I don't know that we figured out how to get our stuff to common knowledge.
My best guess, Joseph, is I think that it's not going to be data.
It's going to be reality.
Enough people are going to be sick, injured, turbo-cancer.
You know, you know, like that Rasmussen poll where 25% of Americans, whether they're Republican or Democrats, said they believe they know someone who died.
Yeah.
That's not data anymore.
That's just a lived experience.

[SPEAKER_21]
That's how Steve came to his knowledge.
I mean, do you know the data that he's going to present at MIT?
Has he texted you in secret or do you not know?
And if you do know, do you think it could be a game changer?

[SPEAKER_27]
I love that you just asked that because
My little impression of like two years of Steve saying, this is the one, this is the data that's gonna prove it, I don't doubt.
This time, this time, this data, I actually think he's got a shot here.
If you look at level data, vaccination status and mortality, those two variables that are tight and clean, that come from reputable databases,
I think this data is the most unassailable.
If this data doesn't change the conversation or doesn't change anything, then it means that we're up against powers of censorship and propaganda that are insurmountable.
So Steve, actually, I'm going to put it to you now, Steve.
Those conversations we've had over two years where I'm like, Steve, Steve, Steve, it's not a data argument.
this one will prove whether it's a data argument or not.
Because if your data doesn't win out here, then I'm right.
And if your data wins out, then I just wasn't ready for the right data.

[SPEAKER_16]
Yep.

[SPEAKER_27]
We will see.

[SPEAKER_16]
We will see.

[SPEAKER_21]
Wager on this.
Yeah.
Let's exchange money.

[SPEAKER_05]
$100,000.

[SPEAKER_27]
No, no, let's start with one.
I'm cool.

[SPEAKER_16]
little trading places.
Yeah, I mean, you know, Pierre, here's the thing that in this data set that I have the same that two different vaccines given at the same point in time, the curve on one vaccine is actually sloping downwards.
The curve on the other vaccine is actually sloping upwards.
And it goes up and up and up like a straight line mortality curve.
that no not deaths that death actually deaths per per day.
That's per day per day, deaths per day.
And there are huge numbers of deaths per day.
And the darn thing goes up like a straight line.
It's a straight line.
It is unbelievable.

[SPEAKER_27]
If one vaccine you see that skyrocketing mortality, but the other you see a downslope.

[SPEAKER_16]
Yes.
Yep.

[SPEAKER_27]
I'm not aware of any effective or safe vaccines in this business of COVID.

[SPEAKER_16]
Oh, well, there aren't any.
But this one, this one is kills people on day zero.
But after it's done killing people on day zero, then it's basically a dud.
It basically pops on day zero, it kills people on day zero, right?
It's not a safe vaccine.
But the point is that it becomes a placebo after day zero.
And so the slope goes down because you're looking at people who got injected within a certain year, and then you're looking at the death curve.
Uh, we have, uh, okay.
We, you're looking at, uh, you, um, uh, you know, Lindsay and you need to mute.
Thank you.
Okay.
So the, um, the death curve, um, goes down because there's a finite number of people and they're dying at a constant rate.
So you, you basically load it up.
It's almost as if we vaccinated everybody on the same day.
And then you look at the death curve after that.
Well, you can't have it go at a straight line forever.
It has to be going down because it's always a percentage of the remaining people.

[SPEAKER_24]
Gotcha.

[SPEAKER_16]
Okay.
So a safe vaccine will go down over time.
And this one goes down by 10% over time.
And the other one goes up by 26% over time.
That is a net difference of 36%.
That
And that is as clear as day and it is unassailable.
There is no way to explain that.
It's the same period of time.
The only difference is vaccine A versus vaccine B.
Okay.
Now, if you can explain that Pierre, if you can explain that effect, that that is global warming or whatever that's happening.
If you give that is vaccine dependent.
You know, nothing, everything else is the same.
The only difference is it's even the same group of people.

[SPEAKER_27]
One group goes down.
The variable you're missing in your data set to really compare everything is how many people got car washes on that day?

[SPEAKER_16]
There you go.
It's the car wash confounder.
Like,
People die.
That is it.
You, you and, and Jeffrey Morris could, you know, be, be twins.
You know, these guys are like, don't, don't grasp at anything saying, although it must be some confounder that, that you can't do that and you can't assume that.
And there might be some differences that you're not thinking of.

[SPEAKER_27]
And, you know, it's Steve, you remember that was a very early narrative when all of this horrific data were coming out.
people trying to dismiss the VAERS reports and all these things.
And I remember listening to a podcast where two liberal podcasters, former Obama people, they made a very strong car wash argument.
They're like,
Just because someone dies on the day they went to the car wash, you can't believe that the car wash killed them.
And I was like, well, if everyone keeps dying on the day they got their car washed, shouldn't we be looking at what's happening in the car wash?
Exactly.

[SPEAKER_21]
I got a question for both of you guys.
Steve, I've asked you before on my TNT radio show if you thought there was an evil intention behind this vaccine, and at that time you said no, you thought it was just ignorance, basically.
That's not the word you used, but along those lines.
I think I asked you the same thing, Pierre, when you were on my show.
Now that you have this data, now that your data, how do you say it?
And seeing what we're seeing, has that shifted at all for you?
Do you think there's something evil going on or do you think it's just absent-minded professors running amok?

[SPEAKER_27]
Can I answer that first?

[SPEAKER_21]
Go for it.

[SPEAKER_27]
I'm going to be somewhat measured.
This is how I answer that question.
And I wanna be specific about these conspiracy theories that it's a depopulation event, that the goal was depopulation, right?
So that's when you start getting deeper.
It's not just about farmer and profits.
It's about people above farmer controlling farmer or the military, da da da, okay.
All I can say about that is I don't know what their true intent was, but if it was depopulation, that's what the data is showing.
So your accident would just reckless fear that let us rush this vaccine product across humanity in this reckless fashion because we were all scared and we thought it would protect us.
And it just happens that what's the latest prediction?
17 million people died as a result of that campaign.
Okay, or was it willful?
And that this research on gain of function, which I also have to put out, right?
So gain of function research is bio weapons research.
There isn't like a separate form of research that's called gain of function that has nothing to do with bio weapons, right?
So we know that gain of function deals with bio weapons.
Now,
Were they doing this gain of function so that they could create something that they could make a vaccine against, or were they doing it to create something as a bio weapon?
Well, one of the thoughts I have, I'm just trying to use pure logic here, is that if you want to create a super virus that's super toxic, so you can make a vaccine against it, wouldn't it make more sense to just not make that bio weapon?
so that you wouldn't need the vaccine?
Like, I can't figure it out.
I don't understand why we can try to gloss over gain of function as being some sort of advancement in science and some sort of way to protect us against bio weapons.
They're literally developing the bio weapons so that they can make a vaccine against it.
It doesn't make any sense.
When I look at the data and understanding where this research is, I gotta tell you, I'm left ultimately with very sinister intentions under it.
Can't prove it, but all I do is I saw a toxic vaccine campaign that rolled out across the world with the coordinated participation of governmental health agencies and advanced health economies across the world, modern media,
The coercion of medical journals, by the way, the medical journals have been captured decades ago.
So the fact that medical journals were participating in this is not new.
I mean, they've perpetrated many frauds.
But to see that the synchronization and coercion to roll out this
vaccine and get everyone vaccinated, whether they had COVID or not.
And they did this for two years using an old protein for which we knew it was mutating.
Like, guys, I mean, anyone with two brain cells could have understood that nothing we were doing made sense and was good or sound physiologically or therapeutically.
So I got to say, that's a long answer to saying,
There's got to be some sinister stuff behind this.

[SPEAKER_21]
Not to mention the name of your book, The War on Ivermectin, right there.
It's got a safety protocol better than Shiloh.

[SPEAKER_11]
I'm curious, what's the Dean's take on this?
If it was one mistake, yes.

[SPEAKER_27]
But it was a rolling series of, I'm using the quotes for mistakes or errors.
I mean, these were not mistakes.
You can't make that argument.
These were 150 mistakes in a row.
No way.
Sabine, I'm handing it over to you.

[SPEAKER_05]
Listen, I think you're, you know, there's definitely some shady business going on.
You know, I think I remember the beginning when I stepped into this, I came out with, hey, I'm going to start a pharmaceutical company, I'm going to have a product, I'm going to do a clinical trial.
And this is the way everybody's looking at the same sort of a way to treat COVID, right?
And I thought we were all on the same platform.
And then when my clinical trials got, you know, bamboozled in a way, or censored, and we couldn't even recruit.
And I remember calling you, Pierre, because you were on the bandwagon of ivermectin.
And I was still like looking at hydroxy, Z-Pak, vitamin C, D, and zinc.
And I was kind of like writing the protocol with ivermectin, doxycycline, and zinc.
and felt that it was kind of a combination.
Remember, at the beginning, we were kind of like, you were on one end, I was on the other.
And then you said to me, you said, and I said to you, I said, Pierre, why don't you write the protocol, develop your own protocol.
And remember those words, you said, we're at war here.
This is not about a protocol, we're at war.
And that's when it really hit me.
because I realized, you know what, he's right.
And I remember calling Dr. Baroti and saying, Dr. Baroti, I don't even know why we're writing this protocol in the ivermectin doxycycline and putting it through the FDA and running this trial.
We're just gonna be shut down.
So, you know, this is you're right.
You were right.
This is war.
And I think what we're seeing, what we saw was the intense political involvement.
This is not normal.
This is not research.
Right.
That was the thing that bothered me.
Why are politicians talking about medicine?
Why are politicians giving me advice on exactly right?

[SPEAKER_21]
Why musicians as well?
Harry Farrell was telling me to take a vaccine.
I'm like, why are you telling me dude?

[SPEAKER_05]
Wait, wait, what about like, Seth Meyers?
Is that the comedian that was talking about ivermectin?
That really pissed me off because I'm like, why is a comedian talking about ivermectin calling it a face when it's a fermented product of a bacteria like
you know, a bacteria that we eat in yogurt, right?
So to me, that's when I kind of started seeing something nefarious was going on.
And yes, you know, viruses, bacteria.
unfortunately aren't at the level of the Department of Defense.
They're watching, you know, I always kind of joke and say I have the best security because Department of Defense, FDA, FBI is watching me because I play with microbes.
So microbes are dangerous and they can be manipulated and they could be used to, you know, change a narrative to control the world.
And that's what we're seeing, you know, and I think
The involvement of the WEF, I don't know if you saw my tweet recently that said, exit WHO.
Two words, exit WHO.
You know, we have control right now.
You know, the whole thing with Bill Gates and you know, I saw the involvement with Bill Gates on these protocols to begin with because I saw that he paid for a protocol on hydroxychloroquine.
Why would somebody that's supporting a vaccine protocol sponsor a protocol on hydroxychloroquine?
And then he went on to sponsor a protocol with the same team of clinical trial doctors
on ivermectin, both clinical trials paid to fail.

[SPEAKER_10]
Of course.

[SPEAKER_05]
And of course, Bill works with the WEF and the WHO.
There is definitely a control mind over all this, and we cannot ignore this, and this is not conspiracy theory.
This is what we're observed.
This is what we've all observed.
So I think the court needs to wake up on this.

[SPEAKER_27]
I mean, everything you say is the truth.
I think I'm just gonna call it like I see it.
For this event tonight, Steve's followers, listeners, subscribers, I mean, Steve, we've been drowning them data.
They know this stuff that we're saying.
Are we supposed to roast Steve?
Can we bring on like an assassin?

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, we're gonna say thank you, Dr. Corey, for coming on with so much passion.
I tried.

[SPEAKER_21]
Always a pleasure to hear you, Dr. Corey.

[SPEAKER_11]
I remember when we met and you were still like, I got the cure.
I got Ivermectin.
And to see you slowly, you were like on a drip of red pill like this last couple of years.
It's been awesome to watch.

[SPEAKER_27]
That's why Steve and I are brothers, man.
We both have the same enthusiasm, same fight.
We just wanted people to listen to us and we've been
still trying to get people to listen to us.
And I think we've succeeded partially, Steve.
And someday we'll be validated, I hope.

[SPEAKER_11]
No doubt.

[SPEAKER_27]
Definitely.

[SPEAKER_11]
Well, Dr. Hassan and Steve, thank you for coming on.
Yeah, let's hear your roast.
That's why we want to hear this.

[SPEAKER_05]
I'm the queen of shit, so let's talk shit on Steve.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_05]
First of all, you know, the one thing I want to say, you know, Steve Kersh has a passion for stirring up shit.
I think we can all agree on that.
Right.
Yeah.
Here's the thing.
Nobody really knows about Steve.
Steve is an awesome recruiter.
If you need a patient with COVID, he's on the phone calling you and saying, hey, I've got a couple of patients, 10 patients.
But what nobody really knows is what a great scientist Steve Kirsch is.
And let me tell you this story, which I think Steve is probably remembering the story.
You know, during the pandemic, I had a question and my question was, can you get COVID from breathing,
shit collected after two weeks from exposure, right?
And so one night, so of course, you know, how am I going to do that experiment?
I can't really push it through an FDA or IRB.
So one night I get a phone call from Steve and he goes, Hey, um, I collected these tools for you from a patient and I kept them under my bed.
I don't know.

[SPEAKER_27]
Please tell me you're making that up.
Is this true, Steve?

[SPEAKER_05]
Am I making this up?
So next thing you know, he FaceTimes me and he's showing me, he's like, well, you know, here's the stools, let's open it up and see.
He's looking at it, he's showing it to me, he's breathing it.
Next thing you know, I go, Steve, you know, there's probably COVID, you could catch it, but you know, this well, get my answer.
Close the container, throw it in the garbage, because it's useless at this point.
I followed Steve wanting to know, is he catching COVID, is he catching, nope, no COVID.
So thank you for solving that case.
You know, you are definitely the end of one that shows that if you collect stools after two weeks, and you open the container, you are not going to catch COVID mystery solved.
Great research, Steve.
That's my rose for tonight.
True story, Steve or not.
Don't deny didn't store.

[SPEAKER_16]
I didn't store the samples under my bed.

[SPEAKER_11]
That is so brilliant.

[SPEAKER_27]
So he doesn't deny storing it, he just denies storing it under his fence.
So that was something you invented.
All right, I like it.
Two weeks, two weeks.

[SPEAKER_11]
There was still stored stools, what I'm hearing.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_11]
Where did you store it?
That's what I want to know.

[SPEAKER_05]
That's amazing.
There's only one other human in the planet that is not afraid of collecting stools and that's Steve Kersh, aside from me.
So thank you, Steve, and thank you so much.

[SPEAKER_16]
Thank you, Sabine.

[SPEAKER_05]
My pleasure.

[SPEAKER_27]
Thank you, Sabine.
Have a great evening, man.
You know, I love you, brother, and I'll see you this weekend in London, man.
We're going to try to bring the truth abroad.
I don't know.
We'll see how successful we are.

[SPEAKER_11]
And don't forget to tune in Thursday night, Dr. Corey, because you have a little wager, right?
That's the big speech that Steve's given at MIT, the big talk.

[SPEAKER_27]
Oh, I can't wait for that ghost.
Good.
All right.
Thank you both.
Nice to see you, brother.
OK, bye now.

[SPEAKER_11]
Wow, that was that the stool story.
Yeah.
Where did you store it, Steve?
You're muted.

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah, I don't remember.
I think it was stored in plain sight.

[SPEAKER_21]
Nice.
Wow.
Well, it's an analogy for what you've done.
It was not.

[SPEAKER_16]
It was not hidden away.
It was like, I kind of forgot about it.
And then I said, what's this bottle?
Oh, I know what it is.
Let's check it out.

[SPEAKER_21]
Yeah, it's an analogy because you've you've looked you've stored the crap of the world in terms of vaccines and you've analyzed it So there it was broken down in a microcosm a little poem for you a stool poem Absolutely.

[SPEAKER_11]
So we have here coming on next um nurse angela and tim damroff and and I think tim might be
the gentleman who started you on your path, Steve.
So I'm going to I'm going to bring them both on who were with you early on.
Welcome, Angela and Tim.
Thank you for coming on to our Steve Kirsch fundraiser.

[SPEAKER_09]
Hi, it's so good to see you.
Hi, Tim.

[SPEAKER_02]
Good evening.
Thanks for having me here, everyone.
Thanks to BSRF.

[SPEAKER_09]
It's so good to see your face.
I've had many conversations, you know, with you on the phone and I, you know, it's for me, I could share so many stories about Steve, but really, you know, and there's a lot of funny ones that I might share later on, but what I do want to share is like the heart of Steve.
And I think that having Tim here tonight represents
um, the heart of Steve and why he is the reason why we have the SRF and what a lot of people see with Steve is they see this, you know, man who is so data driven.
I don't know anybody that works harder or, um, you know, doesn't quit, doesn't give up and Steve, and he's so data focused, but in reality, Steve has such a huge heart for the vaccine injured.
And I've witnessed this so many times, you know, from when we were at DTM LA and Steve was,
we had an emergency with one of our vaccine injured.
We actually had to take her out on the stretcher via ambulance.
And Steve comes running down in his PJs and his socks pulled up to his knees and he's hovering over the gurney and hugging our dear sweet Amanda.
And he's like, Angela, take my car keys, take my car keys.
I think if the police pull me over, I'm not allowed to drive in socks.
And so he's throwing me his car keys so that I can follow the ambulance to the hospital.
And then there was another time when
We were, I think, in Atlanta for the CLC, and Steve was by my side.
We got a phone call that Amanda was seizing in the hotel room, and Steve could have very easily stayed there and spoken with all the people that were there to meet him.
And Steve was by my side, going and getting his cardiac monitors, helping me with this medical emergency.
I don't think people see that side of Steve, that his heart is just truly, he's working on what he's doing for the vaccine injured.
And what started this whole journey was Tim.
So Tim is a great friend of the Kirsch family, great friend of Steve and Michelle's, and had a professional carpet cleaning business, cleaned Steve's carpet.
And I'll let Tim take over and tell the story, but Tim, I just want to,
Um, recognize you because we are fighting for you and for, you know, the millions of people like you, and we will not stop.
We're not, we, we leave nobody behind.
We are not going to stop until we bring this, this house down and we get people like you help and, you know,
I'll let you tell the story and then I'll give you guys a quick update on Cody as well.

[SPEAKER_02]
Thank you.
I just want to briefly say that I've been a friend of Steve and Michelle Kirsch's for about 18 years as their carpet cleaner and one of their vendors at their house.
In many ways, unlike some of my other clients, they've been like family to me in a very parental way.
taking time to speak to me personally when I come to visit.
So I've always had a closer relationship to them than many of my other clients.
When I initially got the vaccine, I only got the Pfizer, the first shot in my left arm and within two minutes I had striking pain in my heart and I looked at my wife and said, I think I'm going to die.
And I stood up out of the car and I waved over to the woman from the military.
And that's the last thing I remember before waking up in the ambulance sometime later on the way to the hospital.

[SPEAKER_09]
And Tim, you were only 37 when this happened, correct?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
It was April of the vaccine rollout when the mandates took effect.
It was at the Oakland Coliseum.

[SPEAKER_09]
So 37 is not, that's not normal.
You know, you get a vaccine and two minutes later you're having a massive MI, you know,

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, and I didn't see Steve actually for about six months after that until the fall.
And that's when I came into his house in a mask and he looked at me and said, you know, what are you doing wearing a mask?
And actually I saw Michelle first and she said, you know, why are you wearing the mask?
And I told her what had happened and she stopped and said, okay, I gotta go get Steve.
From that point on, he's been my closest advocate and
I'm just really glad that he set up VSRF for other people like me because trying to find others to engage with and talk to about this subject has been really difficult.
I've been silenced by my family and friends to the point where I just don't talk about it.
I've developed a complex regional pain syndrome from head to toe.
as a result of the vaccine.
I've had herpes zoster 11 times since being vaccinated.
And my immunity is that of a 60 or plus year old man and I'm 41 now.
So on a positive note, I'm really glad to have Steve behind me and VSRF behind me and those who maybe had a worse reaction than I did.
I'm getting back on my feet but just barely.
I almost lost my business and my life.
But I have the faith and belief that things will get better and I'm standing up for myself.
I've been told to get the next booster repeatedly and I won't and I'm willing to lose friends over it because I just don't trust that any of this stuff being pushed on us is safe at all.

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, I can tell you, Tim, Steve called me up one day and he said, I take care of all the patients on the team.
And he said, you've got to call Tim.
It's just awful.
It breaks my heart what happened to him.
And I think that's when I called you.
You were pretty much in the thick of things.
It was pretty rough for you.
And I remember your list of medications was like this, just to function on a day-to-day basis.
It's because of you that we're doing this and we're not going to stop fighting for you.
We work seven days a week.
Steve works 24 hours in a day, but we all, our entire team works seven days a week fighting.
We're not going to stop.
We have a lot of things lined up for 2024 and we thank you so much for
all the donations that, you know, we need to keep it going.
We need to get through 2024.
So we appreciate all of our viewers and all of our subscribers.
And we just really need your help to keep on doing this amazing work that we do for people like Tim and the rest of the vaccine injured.
And, you know, I'm so glad to see you, Tim.
You look amazing.
And I'm so glad that you survived.
I know that scary feeling.
I didn't have a heart attack, but I too, mine was at the 12 minute mark is when I was on the ground.
So it's a horrible, horrible feeling, but we're gonna keep on fighting for you.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, well, not to get too conspiratorial here, but I find it interesting that there are no records that I had a heart attack at the ER, that I was asked to sign some type of confidentiality papers on discharge from the Highland Hospital ER here in Oakland.
So something's really not right, and I hope that we can get to the bottom of it and protect people in the future from this occurring ever again.
Again, I'm pro-vaccine.
I'm pro-vaccines in general.
I know Steve is.
I know a lot of people are.
But not this one.

[SPEAKER_09]
Steve's not anymore.

[SPEAKER_16]
No, I'm not pro-vaccine at all.
I'm totally against vaccines.

[SPEAKER_02]
Vaccines like complete, all vaccines?

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah, there's not until somebody shows the safety data on a vaccine.
I'm not I'm not getting any vaccines ever again.

[SPEAKER_02]
That's how I feel like they're hiding the data.

[SPEAKER_16]
That's the transparency on these things.
You know, people assume that because the FDA is saying it's safe that there's data out there, but there isn't.
All these doctors recommending the vaccine are doing it based on blind faith.
They're not doing it based on the data because the data is not available to anybody.
It's kept hidden.
It's kept locked up and nobody even looks at it to do a safety study.
Right.

[SPEAKER_11]
They won't look at it.

[SPEAKER_16]
And this is in the COVID vaccines, which of all the vaccines to do a safety study on.
You have to, you know, if you're going to do it on a vaccine, the vaccine you want to do it on is the one that is mandated for everybody, which is the COVID vaccine.
And that would be, if you're going to do it on one, one vaccine, that would be the one.
There is no analysis that I have ever seen from anybody in the United States showing the, a proper way to do a safety analysis on, on the COVID vaccines.

[SPEAKER_02]
How about other vaccines?
Should I not get a flu vaccine anymore?

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah, no.
The flu vaccines actually kill more people than die from the flu.
Good to know.
The vaccine is more dangerous than the flu.
The cure is worse than the disease.
Do not get a flu shot.

[SPEAKER_11]
No, absolutely not.

[SPEAKER_09]
And Tim, there's a lot of trolls on Twitter who
You know, they, they love to go after Steve and say like, Steve probably doesn't even have $10 is fine up in one second.

[SPEAKER_11]
And, uh, but while I, when I'm doing that, thank you Tim for coming on tonight and sharing your story and inspiring where we are today with the VSRF.

[SPEAKER_02]
You're welcome, and I'm more than willing to do this anytime, so.

[SPEAKER_21]
Yeah, instead of vaccines, man, natural health modalities, cold plunges, water fast, get plenty of sun and exercise, don't eat a bunch of sugar.
Eat real food.
I mean, this is what people should have been told the whole time, and then take some ivermectin.

[SPEAKER_02]
I discontinued all pain management just a few months ago.

[SPEAKER_21]
Amazing, man.
Congratulations.

[SPEAKER_02]
Got to let my life back.

[SPEAKER_11]
Thank you, Tim.
Thank you very much for being here.

[SPEAKER_09]
Thank you, Tim.

[SPEAKER_11]
Good to see you.
And as you can now see, we've got the wonderful Naomi Wolf.
Thank you, Naomi, for joining us tonight.
I know you're in the middle of an event, so thank you for taking the time.

[SPEAKER_04]
including me, it's an honor to participate.

[SPEAKER_11]
So last time you were with us, you were in a car and then at a restaurant.
But tonight we're here to help raise some funds for the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation.
I want to get another plug.
All donations count small, large, $10, $20, whatever you can.
But you've been a huge, huge voice in this medical freedom movement and in the
vaccine choice.
I'd like to use that.
How has Vaccine Safety Research Foundation helped you?
You gave this incredible speech that we played a piece of at the beginning from DTM LA.

[SPEAKER_04]
Oh, yeah, that was fun.
Oh, the SRF has helped in so many ways.
I think they there's in this movement, there's like best practices.
And it saves us from making a bunch of mistakes to see an organization like this one just be superb all the time, be superb in messaging, in production, in iterating what to say, how to say it, in technology, in innovative approaches.
I mean, Steve doesn't come from kind of the, he hasn't been doing this his whole life, right?
He's been doing other things.
as have a lot of people in VSRF, and I really see those skill sets on display with just how well you guys do everything, how informative, how substantive, the sub stacks, the webinars, the events, that it's all so good, right?
And it raises the bar.
I mean, we're a motley bunch of amateurs from various disciplines in this movement trying to save humanity and having people do things just so well professionally
um, is, you know, is good for everybody.
Uh, and, and it's, um, it makes it harder for, uh, the ever growing forces trying to discredit us to do so, because you guys just forge ahead impeccably.
Um, I want to speak if I may now just about Steve and how important he's been to me as a, you know, person thinking.
Um,
there are not that many people who will, it's almost funny and endearing sometimes the way Steve just won't stop getting to the truth.
He won't stop.
And what I also love about Steve is that he has this intense nostalgia, which he won't give up on.
And I like to think that I won't give up on it either for what institutions are supposed to be doing in an advanced,
democratic society, you know, journalists are supposed to be journalistic, right?
University and I just love that in this kind of like, like people were real assholes in the eighth grade, right?
They were like, you know, says you show me, give me the proof.
Right.
And, but that's so valuable.
It's that kind of relentless dogged determination to have people not be swamped in bullshit and spin.
And I really appreciate the way he brings out the eighth grade asshole in me to, you know, that I don't care if people hate me.
I don't care if trolls come after me.
I don't care if, you know, public intellectuals written whole books trying to discredit me because I've got this example of Steve Kirsch who also doesn't care and is just remembering that we're not supposed to be using our fancy educations to collude in manufacturing.
distributing lies and damaging murderous nonsense, we're supposed to be using our privilege and our education to be reputable people doing reputable things to serve the common good and to serve truth and accuracy, civil society.
humane values.
So anyway, like if I didn't have Steve, like in the periphery of my vision, doing that true North thing, no matter what, I don't think sometimes I would have the energy to just get, you know, dust myself off and keep going saying, no, that's not what a university is supposed to do, traffic the bodies of their children, you know, or whatever the idiotic fight of the day is.
The last thing I want to say is I really love
how impeccably accurate you guys are.
You take facts very seriously.
I love that Steve checks and checks and checks and checks and is right as a result of that.
And if he's ever not right, which I'm not aware of, I'm sure he would quickly adjust to make it right.
I love that.
And I also love the challenge.
He understands power, which is no small thing.
And it's really important at a time like this, because it's all about power, our adversaries are
using institutional power against us.
And I love how he calls the powerful using the tools of power.
That's what I want to say.

[SPEAKER_11]
Well said.
So well said.
I was in a Barnes and Noble, Naomi, a couple of months ago.
and I saw this book on the shelf and I pulled it off and it was called Doppelganger.
I think you might have heard about it and I just started reading and the whole time I'm like, oh my God, what is this mad person writing?
Yeah, I appreciate you and all the work and you had someone just spending a year obsessed with you.
What's that been like?

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, I haven't read it because I've had stalkers before and it's better to not get sucked in to whatever that madness is.
But, um, I, I do think I found an important, uh, relevant finding, which is that, you know, I was trying to figure out why would a distinguished intellectual like Naomi Klein spend two years writing a book, cyber stalking me basically, especially while her own country, Canada slides into tyranny.
And I found out that her husband, Avi Lewis, right when her book was going to press, got a partnership with Pharmacare, which is a gigantic boondoggle sponsored by Health Canada to basically take the free market out of pharma profits so that they don't have to compete and they have one customer forever, which is the government of Canada.
It would take the $42 billion a year that Canadians spend on pharmaceuticals, especially prescription drugs,
and lump it all into one taxpayer funded check handed to pharma.
So that's what Mr. Naomi Klein is up to while she's on book tour, trying to discredit me and the work that we do.
And the other thing is her father-in-law, Stephen Lewis, Avi's dad, Canadian ambassador to the UN, but then started nonprofits to bring vaccines to Africa, to bring COVID measures to Africa.
um, to study pandemic preparedness.
And he sits on the board of a vaccine, you know, organization and the national vaccine organization that just got $25 million from Bill and Melinda Gates.
And he's in the society pages, palling around with Bill Gates, celebrating 247 million to, uh, vaccines, um, in his field.
So I don't know if that swayed her pen.
But I thought it's definitely a classic journalistic conflict of interest that should be disclosed.
As Steve and I know, because we're the jerks who believe in integrity in institutions.

[SPEAKER_21]
Well, speaking of books, your book, The Body of Others, is one of my favorites that came out over this whole endeavor we've all been on.
It's exceptional.
So thank you for writing that.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thank you so much.
I appreciate that.

[SPEAKER_21]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_11]
Any, any last little fun anecdotes with Steve that you might've encountered?

[SPEAKER_04]
Gosh, well, I'm, I'm, I'm sad to say I personally barely know him, but, um, so I don't have any anecdotes of the, you know, IRL kind, but, um, gosh, I, you know, I don't, I'm really excited about MIT.
You know, I'm, I'm really excited that,
these kids who are being so heavily propagandized get to actually hear a smart person bring facts onto a stage where they're going to have to grapple with them.
Um, he's going into the belly of the beast and I appreciate it.
That's it.
That's all I want to say.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah.
Hope you'll be watching Thursday night.

[SPEAKER_04]
Oh, I'm so excited.
We'll be, I'll be, I'll link your live stream too.
to all the live streams to which I have access.

[SPEAKER_16]
Thank you for your kind words.
I've been a big fan of your work and your team.
You guys just do an excellent work at the Daily Cloud.
And you've assembled a terrific team and have uncovered all sorts of stuff that would never be uncovered otherwise.
So thank you so much for your work.
It certainly makes my job easier and makes all our jobs easier.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, we are stronger together.
Thank you all so much, and I hope you raise buckets of money.
Shall I sign off?

[SPEAKER_11]
Yes, thank you Naomi, and keep up the great work.
We really appreciate you.
Thank you, bye bye.

[SPEAKER_21]
Yeah, and speaking of raising buckets of money, it's time to drive $10 donations.
If everyone chips in $10, the VSRF will reach its goal and be able to sell fund for 2024.
So every little bit helps.
Don't hesitate to donate if you can.
Thank you very much.
Are we ready for Brad?
Are we ready for some music or where are we going with you?

[SPEAKER_11]
You want to take a music break or I've got Dr. James Thorpe who just popped in for a quick hello.
Should we just say hello and then we'll play some music?
Sure.
What do we think?
Hang on.

[SPEAKER_21]
I think we need some music pretty soon here.
We've got to shift up the vibe.
We've got to bring some entertainment into this.

[SPEAKER_11]
Dr. Thorpe, you want to listen to some music first?
Give me a thumbs up.
okay let's go to let's go to brad let's listen to brad's tuning up he's been sitting there waiting patiently so um i think brad is ready so let me let's listen to some music we'll be back in about 15 minutes brad's gonna play us some some songs enjoy the music we'll be back all right five times august all right

[SPEAKER_25]
It's great to be here with everybody tonight.
Thanks for tuning in.
Thanks for supporting VSRF and we're gonna keep it pretty light tonight, pretty rockin'.
This is for anybody who's gone out of their damn mind.

[SPEAKER_26]
Oh my heavy times, everybody's angry, livin' lies You broke your woke woke, think you're gonna save the day?
You've gone out in your damn mind, kid Nobody cares about what you say So scream on, please look at me Living through an iPhone, TikTok dream Read me, dig me, creep me, please, then Beggin' for attention, boo-hoo You've gone out in your damn mind, kid Nobody cares about what you do
And you don't even know yourself All your selfies ain't no revolution They're slowing down our evolution I suppose I need you to apologize And if I don't you'll wish I died And oh, cool, another rule Made up by T.H.
Rebel Who loves big tech, big fun, big love, big loss Gonna talk about it on the new block You don't have in your damn mind, kid Nobody cares about what you want
Nah, nah, true, I'll fact check you, getting your opinion up, by some desperate, faceless, shameless, brainless intern, writing full of fake things.
Hey, you're out of your damn mind, kid.
Nobody cares about what they say.
Think you got a voice?
Think you got a choice?
Think you're something special in the corporate wide noise?
Read this post at Grammys, talk that, swipe that, tap into this, not that.
You think that they're on your side?
They only share what they decide.
You're part of the corruption.
Better let crap come to some shit.
With all the cheese you label me, your tolerance is so extreme.
Which one do I get to be?
Fascist, bigot, or Nazi?
You're out of your damn mind, kid.
I don't care about what you say.
In all my heavy time, everybody's ain't real living lives.
And you broke your woke book, think you're gonna save the day.
You're gone and you're dead, my kid.
Nobody cares about what you say.
You're gone and you're dead, my kid.
Nobody cares.
nobody cares about what you say.

[SPEAKER_25]
Yeah!
Alright!
That was Out of Your Damn Mind from the Silent War album.
So since we're celebrating
misinformation spreaders tonight.
One of them being the great Steve Kirsch, who's just a master at spreading misinformation.
Dangerous misinformation, that is.
I was thinking we have to celebrate, if you can call it that.
We must at least sing this song dedicated to the biggest actual misinformation spreader of all time, of our time at least.
And that is the one Anthony Fauci.
So if you know this song at home, I hope you sing along.
This song's called Sad Little Man.

[SPEAKER_26]
Sad little man, sad little man.
You better run now while you know you can.
Sad little man, sad little man You don't fool me, you sad little man
Sad little man sitting deep in a lie He's dead in his soul but he'll keep you alive Do what he says, not what he do Cause the truth is for him and the lie is for you Sad little man but he's treated like a god Ask the faithless prayer, do a fake and a fraud Worship the man, pledge to his word One shot, two shots
Sad little man, sad little man You better run now while you know you can Sad little man, sad little man You don't fool me, you sad little man
Sad little man gonna trap you like a dog Put your head in a net while they eat you raw Don't ask why, just comply Cause fear is the drug that the doc prescribed Sad little man, you can watch him on the news Preaching to his choir while they learn the rules
Some feel safe and some feel healed But they'll all hold his hand as he makes the kill Sad little man, sad little man You better run now while you know you can Sad little man, sad little man You don't fool me, you sad little man
Sad little man and he wants your kids Some might live while the rest get sick So put him to the test, listen for the yell When the jerk comes out he's gonna burn in hell Sad little man, sad little man You better run now while you know you can Sad little man, sad little man You don't fool me, you sad little man
You can't pull me, you said, little man.

[SPEAKER_25]
All right.
I need to fix my camera here.
I feel like it's falling down.
All right.
Hope you're enjoying the mini concert.
Thanks again for tuning in.
This is the...
This is the latest single put out by Five Times August.
And it was sort of my response to all of the artists that did not show up and speak out over the last couple of years.
This song is called Ain't No Rock and Roll.
It just came out in October.
And so I hope you check it out, watch the video and share it and continue giving tonight as we celebrate and have a laugh and have a good time.
So Ain't No Rock and Roll.

[SPEAKER_26]
Well there ain't no rock'n'roll Ever since they sold out Rolling Stone All the words that were sung in the past Will never feel the same when we're looking back All the old men sitting in their make-up chairs With their gold record walls really cool
All the fame feels the same when you've had enough So they don't bother standing up And there ain't no peace in love Ever since the sixties kids grew up All the drugs and the girls and the cash After all the songs it was gone
All those bad boy rebels in the attitude What a show, we didn't know that none of it was true Only self-serve, anti-establishment We were all so innocent Because there ain't no rock and roll And the blues has lost its soul
All the punks gave the man control And every pop star's bought and sold No, there ain't no, ain't no rock and roll And there ain't no Joni nobody No one's stuck around for their protest job
Oh, the stars in the Big Pharma horse She'll be borne a check from their corporate chores All the actors say what they're paid to say While the fans take the blame All the once cool fools that were me and you Well, they pushed us all away
And the blues has lost its soul All the punks gave the man control And every pop star's bawling so No, there ain't no, ain't no rock'n'roll And there ain't no boss nor queen
There ain't no fighter in the fool No more rockin' in those free world shoes All the high-strung, evil young wannabes Yeah, the silence has been different then All the suits make the boots of the government What they sang they never meant
And the blues has lost its soul All the punks gave the man control And every pop star's bought in sold No, there ain't no, ain't no rockin'

[SPEAKER_25]
ain't no rock and roll alright thanks y'all thanks so much that was amazing Brad

[SPEAKER_11]
That was fantastic.
Brad, if you can step over away from the equipment, we want to bring you on in a second.
That was awesome.

[SPEAKER_21]
I was playing along.
I was playing along to Brad just in the backstage area because, you know, Brad's one of my biggest inspirations.
But I want to celebrate Cranberry Man.
He won the T-shirt.
A guy named Cranberry Man.
won the t-shirt.
So there you go.
We got another winner.
Donate to VSRF.
Every little bit helps if we can just get $10 for everyone watching.
We make our goal.
Self-fund.
This is the voice of the vaccine injured.
These people need to have a platform and VSRF provides that and a whole lot more.
So thank you so much for contributing to this.
And who do we got now, Livio?

[SPEAKER_11]
We got, we got
The guy who we just saw singing five times.
Oh, yeah.
Brad's coming on.
That's right.

[SPEAKER_21]
Five times August.
One of my faves.

[SPEAKER_25]
Am I on now you are on okay great.

[SPEAKER_11]
Thank you for playing.
Thanks Brad.

[SPEAKER_25]
I love your music Well, thank you.
Thanks for having me.
It's good to be here I had an idea but like I don't know a few minutes before I came on I and just to help out tonight if it's okay I thought that I would uh to anybody who's donating like like no matter what the amount if you donate a
Tonight whether it's one dollar or ten dollars or whatever I wanted to offer up of like a five times august package So like you could draw a winner for like an album in this I got it all right here I was gonna show it off if that's okay Do it up.
Okay, so you donate tonight and you could win ain't no rock and roll t-shirt
You could win this all together.
I'm going to offer one person a Silent War CD.
I'll sign it for you.
Ain't no rock and roll.
Forty five record and then the Silent War record and then some one person you could win that for one dollar.
You could win it for one hundred dollars.
Just help out DSRF and then and then they'll do a drawing and then I'll sign it and send it your way.

[SPEAKER_11]
Can we work that in the chat?
Jeannie and David to
get people to direct their donation for this new auction right here that we got going from Brad.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_25]
Yeah, that's amazing.
That's awesome Brad.

[SPEAKER_11]
We met for the first time again at DTM at Defeat the Mandates in DC and I want to give a special shout out who obviously we know Steve is the founder but Louisa Clary
It was the original like work horse, work force, like superhero behind VSRF.
She's the one who brought me in and, and we would not be anywhere near where we are now without Louisa.
And she's dearly missed.
She stepped away for awhile.
Who knows what the future brings, but, um,
Louisa, if you're out there watching.

[SPEAKER_25]
She made a nice post the other day about me and I appreciated that in support of things because I've had a little feud going with Dolly Parton, although I don't even know if Dolly Parton even knows there's a feud happening.
But I sent her a letter and I hope she gets it and we'll see what happens.
But yeah, Louisa, hi, if you're watching,
Thanks for all your support and it's a pleasure to have you in the community and as a friend, as with all of you.

[SPEAKER_21]
Hey, so Brad, the Dolly Parton thing, it kind of goes with Ain't No Rock and Roll.
I mean, you've lately been calling out people
that, I suppose, were funded maybe on some level or we think maybe possibly are funded by Big Pharma, people that recommended to their bases to get this injection and then have sort of disappeared from the conversation now that the devastating results of the injured are coming out and the all-cause mortality shooting through the roof and all that.
The letter you wrote to Dolly Parton, it was so well done.
You're an expert at social media, really, I think, at this point, and particularly with this fight.
Tell me a little bit about that.
When you formulate a letter like that, what goes into your mind?

[SPEAKER_25]
With her is a little different than my normal approach, because normally I just get on Twitter and I call out somebody that I know has done a Pfizer commercial or something.
And I'll just say, hey, you did this Pfizer commercial, you know, and ask them to I usually gear it towards, you know, how would you like to donate to help out the vaccine injured?
Um, with Dolly Parton, it's a little different.
I wanted to, uh, be, uh, I guess a little more careful with it because she's so well liked on both sides of the aisle.
And, um, she, I really do feel like if, if she was to pay attention to the letter that I wrote and, um, she has such a, uh, philanthropic, um, history of helping people.
that if she takes notice to it, we get enough traction behind it.
The letter has been viewed 2 million times now on Twitter.
So I'm hoping somebody on her team at least sees it and acknowledges it.
But I feel like she could really like actually push the conversation forward a little bit more.
It's just an acknowledgement even.
to you know any presses is to me is good press in the in the vaccine injury conversation because it just keeps people talking about it you're going to have the detractors regardless but
You know, if you can get somebody of that stature to say, oh, I didn't know this existed or something like that, we'll see what happens.
I remain optimistic about it and I've got a few more tricks up my sleeve to keep the attention on it.
I'm going to do my best to get some sort of reaction out of her camp.

[SPEAKER_21]
Right.
Well, yeah, I mean, it's yeah, you're so your mind is shifted in this social media world to a large degree.
I mean, with this fight, it is like a frontline.
You're one of the frontliners.
I mean, you're like the musical Steve Kirsh and Peter McCalla.
I think I wrote a tweet like that.
It's true, though, man.
And then there's a lot of us behind you guys.
But there's certain people that are just like all the time, just never letting it go.
And thank God for you all, because a lot of us are still in the fight, but it gets it gets grueling after years and years.
And you just kind of want to shift and move on to something else.
But but we can't really let it go.
Right.

[SPEAKER_25]
No, I don't think we can.
I mean, like the further away we get from it, people forget things, you know, that one of the things that drove me about to write that letter to Dolly was everybody was praising her the other day after her super I say Super Bowl after her halftime performance.
But and everybody's like on an American icon.
I'm like, you guys do remember that she gave a million dollars to Vanderbilt, which went towards the Moderna Vax, right?
You do remember she called you cowards, right?
You do remember she called you chicken squat, right?
And she changed her song from Jolene to vaccine, right?
So you have to remind people of this stuff.
And then they go, oh, yeah, right.
And with me, I think part of my goal is to tear down the barriers of this idea that you can't
that some people are untouchable, right?
She's not Dolly Parton to me.
She's just another person who made certain.
She took, you know, made certain decisions a few years ago, and I want her to turn around and see the result of those decisions.
So, you know, I get people going, oh, you're going after Dolly.
You're going to, you know, whatever or whoever it is that I'm going.
I don't care if she's Dolly Parton or Anthony Fauci or some guy on the street.
I just want somebody to acknowledge what has happened based on those decisions.
So that's what I'm after.

[SPEAKER_21]
Well, hopefully with Steve's big talk on MIT with this new data.
Um, you know, we'll get there, you know, hopefully, you know, because Dolly's not alone.
There's many musicians that, you know, Pearl Jam did, you know, vaccine concerts and food fighters and the list is kind of endless.
So hopefully some, hopefully some of them will acknowledge this at some point or, you know, or, or have to, you know,

[SPEAKER_11]
Well, we have another special guest.
I'm going to add him to the conversation.
Dr. James Thorpe is standing by.
Thanks for joining us, Dr. Thorpe.
All right.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_08]
Thank you so much for having me, Olivia.
So good to see you all.
Joseph, it's a pleasure to meet with you.

[SPEAKER_21]
Pleasure to meet you too, James.

[SPEAKER_08]
And Angel, it's good to see you from our earlier chats today.
And Steve, as always,
And Brad, I was so, five times August, you just blew me away in Tulsa, Oklahoma on November 9th.
You and Brooke, you guys didn't have to show up to that thing.
It was tough to get to and you have no idea what it meant to me to see you both there and to see you perform live at the premiere of Shot Dead premiere.
And what it meant to all my vaccine injured
Patience, priceless, absolutely priceless.
But Angela and I were talking earlier today and it's like, Angela, I'm not coming on here and roasting Steve.
What are you talking about?
You know, I can't roast Steve.
I love the guy.
He's my hero.
I don't have anything to roast him about.
You know, I inducted him
I knighted him into the Royal Society of Veritas Liberi et Vos, the truth will set you free.
So he's been knighted.
You know, he's got the Congressional Medal of Honor.
Of course, these are all from me.
Not that I have any authority to knight somebody or give somebody these awards, but I just right now he's walking away as you're saying.

[SPEAKER_21]
You're left because you're not roasting them.
You're, you're, you know, this is a completely off, off theme.

[SPEAKER_08]
You're lauding him, Maggie, Maggie, my, uh, my wife, Maggie and I love Steve.
And I want to tell the audience how important the SRF is to me and really to the world.
And, um,
You know, I know that Steve Kirsch is the face of VSRF, but all of you, all of you involved with this effort, it's so important.
Everybody watching, please donate.
Please donate something.
And I just want to say a few words about what Steve Kirsch means to me, and I'm speaking for Maggie as well.
What it means to me is he gets the highest crown of academia.
And why do I say that?
Well, because way back when he had the ethical, moral, and intellectual integrity to question, to question
with a highly politicized, and he's in a position where he has everything to lose and nothing to gain.
Here's a multi-gazillionaire, got his multi-gazillion business going, MIT, you know, probably the brightest guy I've ever shook hands with, and we've met just a few times.
But here he is out in,
the most liberal areas of our country in really an extraordinarily liberal position.
And what does he do?
He throws it all away for the truth.
There's nothing
Nothing that can parallel that.
Steve Kirsch, in my opinion, is at the top.
And he's with, I'll mention some other people, Asim Mahaltra.
These are two individuals that have the ethical, moral, and intellectual integrity to say, wait a minute, this is not what I'm observing.
I am observing, I talk to my friends, my family, my housekeeper.
There's people getting injured.
What's he do?
He throws everything away.
He has to leave his cushy job, his cushy position.
He gives it all up for truth.
So I love Steve Kirsch and I back him.
and I'm with him and just on a personal note, what it means to me is, you know, way back, way back in 2020, way back when I was questioning, I would look at Steve Kirsch and others, but Steve Kirsch is like, wait a minute, who is this guy?
An MIT, he patented the optical mouse device,
He's been extraordinarily successful and he's giving it all up for the truth.
And that empowered me, that really empowered me, Steve, to be stronger, to be bolder and to go out in my small area of medicine, look at and observe
and look at the data and analyze it and then speak the truth to the world.
And Steve empowered me to do it before we ever even knew each other.
So I just, it's so important that we all donate.
Everybody watching now, please donate.
Steve has changed the course of this world.
by his guts, by his brilliance, by his dedication, by VSRF, he's literally brought us to the tipping point.

[SPEAKER_09]
I think we're going to get there too, Dr. Thorpe.
And as somebody who had an injury to the vaccine, we are so appreciative of doctors like yourself, because most of the medical doctors have gaslit these vaccine injuries.
They are not getting help.
They are not getting heard.
They're not getting believed.
They did what the right, they did the right thing.
They got the vaccine because they were told it was safe and effective.
And then once they had these horrific reactions, they were just completely abandoned.
And so, you know, for people like Steve Kersh and yourself, Dr. Thorpe and all the musicians, Joseph and Brad, you know, we are so as vaccine injured, we are so grateful because we would not be able to get through this without you guys.
And I get emails like this from vaccine injured all the time.
Um, as to what the SRF means to them, they said, you know, we probably don't think we would be, you know, they're on the verge of like wanting to kill themselves because nobody will help them.
And they're like, you know, they're just so grateful that there are people out there fighting for them and knowing that we will not stop until we get them help and we get them heard and we get the transparency out there.
And so, you know, as a doctor taking care of patients, we're so thankful for you, Dr. Thorpe, we're really so thankful.
that you are one of those true heroes that believes patients, that takes care of them.
And, you know, we value you so much.
So thank you for all you do.

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, thank you for your kind words.
I just, you know, seeing all of you here at VSRF and standing up for our vaccine injured, you know, I can't help but go back and I won't get too into science here.
You know, when you look at the Pfizer 5.3.6, you got 10 weeks.
And in that 10 weeks, you have 1,223 dead after the vaccine.
And everybody focuses on that.
But look at the top of page seven.
Look at how many vaccine injured there were.
There were almost 42,000 vaccine injured in just 10 weeks.
And if you do a simple analytic on that, so you do an injury to death ratio, okay?
And, you know, we do that in the military with all kinds of combat theaters and, you know, over the past centuries of wars, and we also do it in medicine.
But, you know, if you divide that 40 plus thousand vaccine injured over 10 weeks and divide it by the dead, 1,223,
the injury to kill ratio is 34.4.
It's the highest I've ever seen.
Now, admittedly, all of those 42,000, maybe a quarter of them or maybe half of them weren't severely permanently injured, but probably a half were.
And so it focuses me then on, I kind of think of, okay, I feel really, really bad for the people that died
But they're in a better place and they're not suffering anymore.
But what about that literally millions and millions in the United States of America who are not only killed, but injured from the vaccine and their lives are destroyed.
Many of them, I mean, permanently destroyed and
You know, I wouldn't make this argument, but some would say it would have been, as C.S.
Lewis said in his book, Severe Mercy, it might have been an easier path to die instead of live out the rest of your earthly time being severely injured.
And you're right, Angela, everybody is throwing them under the bus and it's so angering.
These are individuals who trusted the system.
They trusted their doctors.
They trusted the government.
and they're dead or permanently injured.
And then adding insult to injury thrown under the bus.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, it's the most, I mean, in the 24 years that I've been a nurse and, you know, 17, you know, at a big major teaching facility, I've never seen anything like this in my entire career.
We're supposed to do the right thing, take good care of patients.
When things go wrong, we take good care of them.
This is the most horrifying thing.
And I couldn't think of anything better to do than to fight for the vaccine injured.
I mean, we are, at VSRF, we are so, our team is tight.
We're small, but we're mighty.
And it's, when I look back, you know, being able to pull off to defeat the mandates, the COVID litigation conference, you know, deep in the heart of Texas where we brought a Seymour Hulture here for the first time to meet Peter McCullough and all the weekly shows.
And, you know, I'm actually available
seven days a week for the vaccine injured.
I answer my emails on the weekend.
I talk to vaccine injured all the time.
I get them help.
I, I'm really impressed with the things that we have done and I'm really, really excited for where we're about to go because we are not, we are not going to let this go.
You know, we have an amazing leader that is backing us up to lead us into 2024 and he,
You know, he works tirelessly and we, you know, we, we can't, I mean, Steve has done so much for our organization.
Um, you know, we, we are on our own now, so we really appreciate all the donations.
You know, they, they directly and indirectly help all of the vaccine injured.
So any little bit helps, but, um, we are just so grateful we're, we're, and, and, you know, the silver lining, Dr. Thorpe is the people that we've met along this journey.
We are here, we've got Rob, who's in Mexico, who's just looks like he's joining us.
But we have, we've met the most amazing family.
We know who, you know, are our true family, our true friends.
And we are, I'm so lucky to have all these great people in our lives.
And
Rob is here from Mexico.

[SPEAKER_11]
Dr. Thorpe, thank you for joining us and all the wonderful kind words that you just gave us.
Thank you so much for everything you've done in this movement.
And, you know, we've had a couple of opportunities to meet in person and yeah, you're just an incredible human being and thank you.

[SPEAKER_08]
Thank you, Livio.
Thank you, Steve.
God bless you.

[SPEAKER_09]
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_11]
All right, I'm going to bring Rob in.
Hang on one second.
Here we go.

[SPEAKER_21]
Hey, Rob, we can hear you.

[SPEAKER_11]
You are on stage.
So where are you, Rob?
Can you hear us?

[SPEAKER_20]
Can you hear me or not?

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, we can hear you.

[SPEAKER_21]
Can you hear us?

[SPEAKER_20]
I can hear you now.
How are you guys?

[SPEAKER_21]
Good.
How are you?
Thanks for joining us.

[SPEAKER_20]
I'm in a foreign country.
I'm in Mexico.
Yo soy en Mexico.

[SPEAKER_21]
You can do it.
Yo soy en Mexico.
Sorry.

[SPEAKER_20]
Yeah, man.

[SPEAKER_21]
I'm doing it.

[SPEAKER_20]
How are you guys?

[SPEAKER_21]
Good.
How are you?

[SPEAKER_20]
Yeah.
I'm good.
Just finishing a movie.

[SPEAKER_21]
What's it about?

[SPEAKER_20]
It's a movie.
It's Amor Es Amor.
It's a movie takes place in the 90s that you can't make anymore All right, you know with one of those movies so you have to you have to put it back and make it a period piece so you can do some funny comedies because You can't be funny anymore So it's a way to subvert cancel culture by framing it from like oh, we're out of time.

[SPEAKER_21]
Yeah, so it's okay.

[SPEAKER_20]
We can make This didn't take place now right
30 years ago.

[SPEAKER_11]
You got to go back in time to do comedy, right, Rob?

[SPEAKER_20]
I kind of, yeah.
Well, this is, well, when you're working with big companies, this is a paramount blues.
So I have to, you know, massage it.
I got to massage it a little bit.
It's about a, um, it's about the soap opera star from the nineties.
And, um, he gets discovered, but he's gay.
They make him be in this fake relationship with his pop star with careers in the toilet.
And then basically he gets in an accident and forgets he's gay.
And then everybody manipulates him to do what they want.
And it's really funny.

[SPEAKER_22]
Is it about Taylor Swift's new boyfriend?

[SPEAKER_20]
Hey, I'm one of the few people crapping on him publicly that he's selling his soul.
I'm right there with you, Rob.

[SPEAKER_16]
Wonder I wonder if I can get him to look at the record-level data And I'd like to get his opinion on it cuz he's clearly going off, you know out there making commercials I think it'd be good if he knew what I just don't I Just don't um, I'm just gonna go out on a limb here and take these doing it for the money.

[SPEAKER_20]
I

[SPEAKER_17]
No!
Are you kidding me?
Really?
You're so cynical.
There are people out there that do that.
How dare you.

[SPEAKER_21]
Stay in Mexico, Rob.
Stay in Mexico.
For the money?

[SPEAKER_16]
For the money?
Unbelievable.
I mean, that would be like killing people.
That would be like, you know, hired killer.
I mean, it is.
People wouldn't do that for money.

[SPEAKER_20]
I don't know if you know this, Steve.
But this these shots are hurting people.
Have you heard about that?

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah.
No, come on.

[SPEAKER_20]
Say Rob Rob safe and effective.

[SPEAKER_16]
I'm not buying it.

[SPEAKER_20]
Say I said to myself, why would they do things that they don't know for sure work?
I don't believe it.

[SPEAKER_16]
No, Brooke was monitoring.
Brooke is here.
She was monitoring the safety.
She says nothing happened.
There was no bad stuff on her watch.
She's waving at me right now.
Here, I'm going to bring Brooke on.

[SPEAKER_20]
First of all, I just can't believe it.
If you can't believe your government and trust your government wants what's best for you, because they do give away free cancer medication, they give away free diabetes medication, don't they?

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah, and free diabetes too, to go with the medication.
And autism, and autism, there's no charge for it.

[SPEAKER_20]
You know, you can't get free, you can't get diabetes medication free or if you pay for it, because everyone's using it for their diets.

[SPEAKER_24]
Right.

[SPEAKER_20]
Something's got to come with that though, Steve.
I know that, I know you're on that too.
I saw that picture of you without your shirt on.
We're not, we know you're not dieting.
We know you're doing some diet, some diabetes drug.
What's it called?
Exeter or something?

[SPEAKER_16]
No, I would never take, take any of those, those drugs.
There's a pancreatitis risk is, is like through up, up the roof or up the, you know.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_20]
I mean, something's gonna, something's gonna come from this.
I don't know why.
People don't look at the risks.
And I know, but the thing is, I mean, the thing, people just, they'll jump on the bandwagon, deal with it later.
People look really weird on that.
You can kind of tell who they are.
You know what I mean?

[SPEAKER_21]
It takes away their muscles and just leaves fat.
So they're thin, but it's just all fat, no more muscle.

[SPEAKER_20]
I don't know.

[SPEAKER_21]
I don't know, that's what I heard.

[SPEAKER_20]
I'm gonna tell you, I just, Steve, when you confess, when you confess up and tell us if it's really working or not, then I'll believe it.
Then I'll know if I should take it or not.

[SPEAKER_21]
Don't do it.

[SPEAKER_20]
I know, isn't that crazy?
My favorite thing is, Steve, how about all these health nuts in LA, Hollywood, that are complete health nuts and they would never take gluten?
They won't have anything with peanut oil, but they'll take four or five of these shots.

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah.
No, it's insane, right?
Because, but they're told, they're told it's the healthy thing to do and to stay safe.
And they just believe the narrative because you don't have the skills or the time to go and do their own research.
And even people who do their own research.
It even, there's Doug Brignoli, for example, he did his own research.
He made a post on Twitter and he said, look, I'm going to, I've researched these, these, uh, vaccines and I will be the test case.
If I die, you were right.
And if I don't die, you are wrong.
And you should admit it.
He died a week after he got the vaccine.

[SPEAKER_20]
I know, you know, the thing is it's like, I hate to say this, but like I saw that and he was uglier than you're being nicer because his attitude was, was much more aggressive and anti, you know, people making up their own minds.
And he believed the science very much.
So he died.
And I don't know if it was because of that, but he died.

[SPEAKER_16]
He died.
He died.
He died.
Rob, he died face down in his home alone.
You don't do that if you died from COVID.
That's a vaccine.
That is a vaccine death.
And he had the Vax like a week before he died and nobody wants to talk about it.

[SPEAKER_20]
I know nobody wants to talk about Bob Saget, my friend Bob Saget either.
You know, right.

[SPEAKER_21]
What do you think happened with him?

[SPEAKER_20]
Well, I mean, I can only tell you what
Dr. Drew says, I'm not a doctor.
And I'm certainly not as versed as Steve is.
Steve, you've immersed yourself in this.
I just go to bed.
You sleep with this next to your bed, and you just read it and go.
But I go after Dr. Drew.
Dr. Drew Pinsky, a very good friend of mine, who also was very pro-vaccine and still in some ways is.
But this one, he recognizes the dangers.
And he says it can be like it's days later.
It has something that it does which is kind of clicks the almost I mean I'm gonna say narcoleptic type of reaction for some people well they're just brain turns off and that part of their physical ability and you know to hold their body up and and that's and Then they can die from a brain hemorrhage.
I mean you saw that that girl Heather McDonald in Phoenix where I live Yeah, I'm in Phoenix too, man

[SPEAKER_21]
Tempe.

[SPEAKER_20]
But it's like the Beverly Hills of Phoenix.
You heard me.

[SPEAKER_21]
Yeah, I know.
Camelback, bro.
Camelback.

[SPEAKER_09]
What's your favorite Steve Kersh joke?

[SPEAKER_21]
Let's go.

[SPEAKER_09]
What's my favorite what?

[SPEAKER_20]
Steve Kersh joke.
Hey, by the way, Steve, I admire you so much because you threw yourself into this thing with a vengeance.
I mean, I just ruined my movie career.
But you've gone so full throttle into this thing, and I admire you as a man.
I admire your intellect and your bravery and your example for other people, and I really
And your ability to put your money where your mouth is and also to be so well versed in this that people won't converse with you Because they can't they know so frustrating, you know It is but but it takes people like this and I'll tell you what I learned from you Steve.

[UNKNOWN]
I

[SPEAKER_20]
And I've learned why I admire and I would like to help raise money for your foundation, because you are the example of what great leaders do.
And that is, it takes not 100% of people to change and make a movement.
It takes a few people to get enough people to get that 3%, which was the number of people that fought in the American Revolution against the Brits, 3%.
3% gets in, you can make change.
And once that 3% comes in, then the 15% follows, and then all the idiots will come after that.
But it is.
And I hate to use the word elite, because I hate that word elite.
Nobody's better than anybody else.
We're all ignorant, just on different subjects.

[SPEAKER_06]
Except you, Steve.

[SPEAKER_20]
You're very well versed in all this stuff.
No, but it is.
And that's what needs to happen.
And people need to put
themselves out there so that they can get and become a healthy part of the 3% to get the 15% and it'll change and the thing is by raising up money for your foundation by bringing enough people is we can make positive change because you can with money you can get the word out there you can help and it really does make a difference so let's let's raise some money is it it's necessary folks and
We got to fight, we got to fight the fight.

[SPEAKER_21]
Every little bit helps.

[SPEAKER_09]
Every bit helps.
And the majority of Steve's team is working tirelessly, like on, you know, volunteering their time.
And so we definitely need all the help that we can get to keep on doing the amazing work that we do.

[SPEAKER_20]
Well, I mean, Steve, let's do I mean, I can raise a good chunk of money for you.
Let's just get a date and I'll do a comedy show and we'll raise
You know, I think in one night, we can at least raise $25,000 just for fun.

[SPEAKER_16]
Awesome.

[SPEAKER_20]
OK. We'll have some good laughs.
We'll have some people hear some very mean, horrible jokes.
That's what I like right now.

[SPEAKER_16]
Great.

[SPEAKER_20]
It's an interesting.

[SPEAKER_21]
Thanks for doing everything you're doing, Rob.
We really appreciate it, man.
Thanks for speaking out.
Your voice and your comedy is incredible, man, and I'm just such a huge fan and respect you so much as well.

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah, we need like a hundred times you.
Thank you for speaking out and speaking the truth.

[SPEAKER_20]
I'm very glad that Fauci saw that I did, which I'm
very saw that I got to him a little bit because it was they um that's a lot about how this why who would ever want to take a fourth shot you have to be it maybe tequila in mexico

[SPEAKER_09]
Internet.
Sorry.
There he is.
That was the government.
We got you back.
Sorry guys, that was the government.
Sorry, that was the government cutting me off.

[SPEAKER_25]
It's the government chugging in now.

[SPEAKER_09]
That was the FBI.
They do that to us all the time.

[SPEAKER_20]
That was the FBI doing it.
By the way, anybody who's questioning the FBI, like they would have never been involved in January 6th, all they have to do is go back to the late 60s and the last
Black Panther meeting, there was 11 members of the Black Panthers left, and nine of them were FBI agents.

[SPEAKER_21]
Wow.
Isn't that something else?
That's funny, dude.
You should do a routine on that.

[SPEAKER_20]
We're in the 1950s redo, where we have the government
a kind of creepy, you know, black listing thing happening again, except the 1950s, they weren't able to blacklist and control society, but they were never able to eavesdrop and read everything and check all and then potentially control every dollar that we spend.

[SPEAKER_21]
That's true that Starbucks going cashless 2030.

[SPEAKER_20]
Yeah.
Well, the big one is going to be if we, if the United States, if we don't get a Republican in there,
in this next election, or at least by 2028, this 2030 and giving over the bank notes that are going to really lead to overnight the Chinatization of America.
And we're all talking about it and everything, but just like everybody said, we were nuts with the vaccine passports.
That's going to happen.
And I will just say that like, you know, the NATO or the United Nations said, you know, Americans, we have to talk Americans into eating less meat.
America is positioned better for as far as food security, but the rest of the world isn't.
And food security is going to be the big issue coming up as we head into the closure of 2030.

[SPEAKER_21]
Whenever they tell you don't do something, that's when you know it's good for you.
So I'm like upping my meat intake like crazy because of this.

[SPEAKER_20]
I just bought like a giant freezer, stuffed it in my garage and bought a half a cow.
That's all I could fit in there.

[SPEAKER_18]
You're on the right track now.

[SPEAKER_20]
friend of mine has got a buffalo, and he's just like, I didn't realize buffalo's 35% head.
So he's just, it's 35% of the thing.
You have to just throw it away unless you want to, Steve, if you want it, I'll put it on your wall.

[SPEAKER_21]
35% head.

[SPEAKER_20]
And so 65% is all you can use of the, but it's really good meat and we need to like get, you know, people need to have good meat and get people as healthy as we can.
The key to it is getting people off the insanity and educating them as best we can.
Educating them, getting them off this crazy bad food and pharmaceuticals and then we'll strangle them.
They have made a gigantic error in the pharmaceutical industry by turning America into 80 million anti-vaxxers.
I don't like the term anti-vaxxer.
Because it's a misnomer, right?
It's like saying some girl doesn't want to sleep with you, doesn't make her anti-penis.
She's not anti-penis, she's anti-your penis.
She's not anti-all penises.
So that's where I draw the line there.

[SPEAKER_21]
All this talk of meat and heads and penises, it's crazy.

[SPEAKER_16]
It is, it is insane.

[SPEAKER_21]
Well, get enough guys in a room, eventually about eight minutes later, it goes like that.
Right.
35% head reminds me of my ex-girlfriend.
Hi, yo.
Oh!
So what's next, Steve?

[SPEAKER_20]
Steve, you look good, by the way.
Steve, you kept the weight off.

[SPEAKER_21]
He doesn't use any fasting.

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah, I tried.
I alternate between one and two meals a day on the meal plan.

[SPEAKER_09]
It's like your Corey.
Have you seen Pierre Corey?
He's dropped.
He's like lost so much weight as well.
I think he's on that osembic diet, too.

[SPEAKER_20]
I can tell you that the two meals a day.
I'm going to do that, but I'm not doing that.
diet drug and, you know, if there's never been a pharmaceutical, there's never been a pharmaceutical that didn't have some crazy side effect.
They just all do it.

[SPEAKER_17]
Exactly.

[SPEAKER_20]
They're all bad.

[SPEAKER_16]
Except ivermectin.
Yeah, the one they demonize.

[SPEAKER_20]
That's a safe one.

[SPEAKER_16]
The one they tell you not to take, that's the one you want them to take.
That's the way it works.

[SPEAKER_20]
I'm in Mexico.
I stock up here on ivermectin.
I got to go buy that in the grocery store.

[SPEAKER_11]
Is this still over the counter in Mexico, the Ivermectin?

[SPEAKER_20]
Oh yeah.
You're in Mexico, everything's over the counter.

[SPEAKER_11]
Right.

[SPEAKER_20]
Everything's over the counter.

[SPEAKER_23]
You've never been to Mexico?

[SPEAKER_20]
You got to go in and say, yeah, you have to speak habla espanol and no hay problema.
You can pay for the drugs.
So I'll get that.
Maybe a few Viagras just for fun.

[SPEAKER_21]
Exactly.
I knew that was happening.
When they say like, hey, when they try not to give you enough medicine, you say, come on, you can do it.

[SPEAKER_20]
Oh, no, I got to get the ivermectin that's made with Viagra and that's perfect.

[SPEAKER_21]
That's the wonder drug.
That's the cure for humanity right there.

[SPEAKER_20]
The thing about that drug is not a perfect drug because if it hurts your eyes, it dilates and just
You know, not just you're down there, but elsewhere.
And eventually it's going to affect your vision.
So perfect.
You'll have something, you'll have something solid, but you won't be able to see what you're using it on.
So that's the problem, Steve.
Stop using it.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_11]
Hold on.
Let me bring you on, Jim.

[SPEAKER_20]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_08]
routines, maybe this comedy routine we're going to do with Steve to raise him $25,000.
Think about this now.
There's a dude driving around in Southern California advertising sperm donation at $3,500 bucks a pop.
$3,500 bucks a pop.
Non-vaccinated sperm donor on the back of his car.
Now I'm here to tell you, Rob, in 1976, 77, when I was in medical students, the going rate was 15 bucks, one five.
15 bucks!
And we fast forward to 2023, and even if you take 3000 bucks a shot, and you give these young, non-vaxxed men that are not shooting blanks,
three grand a pop, and they do it three times a week, that's $470,000 a year.
No vacations.

[SPEAKER_21]
Where do I sign up for that?

[SPEAKER_20]
Well, let me tell you, the truth of this is the sperm count for Americans is 59%.
Now, that's where we're at.
59% down.
Just in a generation.
Just since your grandfather.
So it's a real deal.
This is a potential collapse of a population collapse.
I agree with Elon Musk about that.
We are risking that.
It's a real thing.
There's also a chance, let me give you some bad news guys, there is more
than a more than a 30% chance the next president's hold your breath is going to be Gavin Newsom.
No more than a 30% chance at this point.
Why do you say that?
There is no because he's good because Biden's going to step down.
He's going to step down at the during the DNC.
Well, they're during the Democratic National Convention, and then they'll be able to just appoint who they want.
It'll be
for health reasons, health meaning bad poll numbers.
And then it's going to be tough, because most things have not been to California.
They don't realize what a feces-laden crap hole San Francisco and LA is.
He's got nice hair, and I'm sorry.
And people hate Trump enough to just not want that.
So you know, put your seatbelts on, and you better hope we keep the Senate.

[SPEAKER_11]
That that's that is a scary thought that's a scary thought Rob, but I believe you I think it's it's it could be probable actually that's a I wanted to introduce I wanted to bring in a lawyers take I brought in Pete Serrano who's been waiting patiently.
Hi Pete.
Welcome.
Welcome to VSRF live and our fundraiser.
I think you might be muted.
Yeah, you're muted.

[SPEAKER_07]
Hey Pete.
Hey, thanks for having me.
Appreciate it.
Hey Rob.
Nice to meet you.

[SPEAKER_11]
So you guys know that Steve's giving this big talk on Thursday night at MIT.
And Pete, I was wondering if you could give Steve a little bit of advice or any legal counsel before he goes into the big talk?

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, he should just keep clapping, give himself a big hand, a round of applause, because he's doing the right thing.
You know, his data that he shares is world class.
It's well supported.
And the fact that he's been deemed or demonized as a misinformation spreader means he's doing the right thing.
So Steve, just keep doing what you're doing.

[SPEAKER_16]
I will.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, there's nothing better than looking up, when they talked about this being a roast, what people say about Steve Kirsch.
I saw him as a Silicon Valley bro and a debate me bro guy.
Steve, I know we've talked a handful of times, but I have never heard you use that term bro.
And I did find a wonderful picture of you with hair from 1980.
Those were some luscious locks, Steve.

[SPEAKER_16]
Those were the days.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah.
Well, I'll keep mine for you, buddy.

[SPEAKER_16]
Awesome, thank you.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, no, Steve, I mean, I love what you're doing.
I love what VSRF is doing because you guys are able to provide the support for people like me who are out there suing the government, who are out there fighting for medical licenses to stay alive.
You know, I'm in the state communist regime of Washington and our dear Fuhrer Jay Inslee is trying to strip every medical profession of their rights
If they're willing to, God forbid, stand by ivermectin as a safe and effective treatment.
And again, you know, I rely heavily on the information that you put out that the VSRF puts out.
So, you know, you're doing a heavy, heavy lift that's very much appreciated in the court of law.

[SPEAKER_16]
Thank you.
I'm happy to do what I can to make a difference in the work that you do, because it's so important.
I mean, it's so tragic what's happening to these doctors.
I wish that the tables would be turned where they're taking away the medical licenses of any doctor that pushed the shots.
That's what they should be doing.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, you know, one of the things that we've actually started to do is we're trying to turn the tables and we, so I run a small nonprofit here in Washington state called Silent Majority Foundation.
One of the things we did with our followers is we actually did a poll and said, who's willing to start making these anonymous complaints to the medical commission to have the other side turned in?
You know, when these doctors are claiming, I had an expert, a so-called expert from University of Washington, when I asked her on the stand,
how can you tell me these shots are safe and effective within the first week?"
She said, well, I lined my kids up to get them.
And I said, okay, so how do you declare that as safe and effective rather than child abuse?
And Robby didn't like that one and nor did the medical commission.
But at the same time, you know, if we're not complaining about those behaviors, a little bit of shame on us too, right?

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, I guess the new standard of, of, of evidence for, for doctors is that if the, uh, another doctor lines up their kids to take the vaccine, it must be safe.
That's the new sign of a new, new data standard.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah.
It's, it's the consensus based medicine rather than scientific based.

[SPEAKER_16]
Right.
Yeah.
They should rewrite the, um, evidence-based medicine pyramid.
So at the top is, you know, it shouldn't be like these, these studies, these meta analysis and systematic reviews at the very top should be, did your doctor friend recommend it or use it on their kids?

[SPEAKER_07]
Did your governor get a kickback?

[SPEAKER_16]
Right.

[SPEAKER_07]
Or your president.

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah.
Speaking of Hotez, people wonder what it's going to take, when it's going to be over.
Peter Hotez is the canary in the coal mine.
When Hotez goes and says the vaccine is unsafe, we've won.
So we'll know exactly when that happens.
I may not live to see that day, though.
But that will be, that'll be, that'll be the defining moment.

[SPEAKER_11]
I think, I don't know if that day is coming for him.

[SPEAKER_07]
I guess we can always wait for mr. Pfizer, Travis Kelsey to have a, you know, another, I died suddenly, but it'll be a coincidence.
Yeah.
Or conveniently have an incident.
Not that those aren't sad or tragic events, but we need to be able to call them for what they are.

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah.
commercial quarters, huh?
But you couldn't say it when Michael Strahan interviewed you.
It was too hard for you to, to say commercial quarters.
Come on.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yep.

[SPEAKER_16]
Like, come on.

[SPEAKER_11]
He didn't want to talk about it during that interview.

[SPEAKER_16]
Come on.
No, come on.
Nobody, nobody's, nobody with a brain should believe that.

[SPEAKER_07]
Well, and that's, that's why it's great that you've got the platform that you've got, you know, I know Rob Schneider's, uh, obviously helping out a lot for the BSRF.
And, and so I love that you've got folks with the platform who have the brass to stand out and stand alone, risk their livelihood to do the right thing.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah.
Pete, thank you so much for coming on and for all the work that you're doing.
Where can people find you if they need some help legally?

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah.
So like I mentioned, we're a nonprofit as well, Silent Majority Foundation, smfjb.org.
And it's just convenient that that FJB slid into the SM for our database, for our website.
You know, we're there, we're fighting in the state of Washington, but we've also brought some lawsuits in Texas.
We're also helping some folks in Florida trying to wrangle the attorney general into investigating Fauci and friends.
And I think that project is probably going to move throughout the country, as sadly in Florida, it's falling on deaf ears.
But we've written up some charges that
an attorney general could use to prosecute Foushee and Burks and all those folks that were at the top.
And they need to be held accountable.
So again, back to us, we're Silent Majority Foundation, and we're here to fight for everybody's rights.

[SPEAKER_11]
Well, thank you for all the work you're doing.
And thank you for joining us tonight.

[SPEAKER_07]
Absolutely.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_11]
All right.
So we I want to get to this.
We do have our auction going on and there's only 20 minutes left for this auction.
I'm going to go ahead and click on the first one.
The two nights in Silicon Valley with Steve Kirsch.
And let's see.
We do have a bid for five thousand dollars.
Nice.
And that is a one trip one round trip airline ticket transportation and lodging for two nights in beautiful Silicon Valley.
Night Two will feature a dinner with Steve Kersh at one of his favorite restaurants near his home.
What are your favorite restaurants there, Steve?

[SPEAKER_16]
I have a bunch, so we'll negotiate with the person who wins it and come to a mutual agreement.

[SPEAKER_11]
Excellent.
Well, you have 19 minutes and 50 seconds to up the bid and try to win this excellent, excellent prize.

[SPEAKER_21]
Anybody getting the plane flight?
Let's go check that one out.

[SPEAKER_11]
You have a bid on that?
This one's the Fly the Friendly Mask guys with Steve Hirsch, 10 grand.
All right, we need a bidder.

[SPEAKER_21]
We need a bidder who's got 10K.

[SPEAKER_11]
We need a bidder out there, but that's going to be, join Steve in first class.

[SPEAKER_16]
And I'll supply, just to sweeten the offer, I'll supply the mask.

[SPEAKER_11]
Which mask though?
The big full-on face mask or the little surgical mask?
What kind of mask do you get to supply there?

[SPEAKER_16]
Well, the surgical mask, of course.

[SPEAKER_21]
I mean, because that's safe and effective.
What about the new nose-only one?
Oh yeah, I love that one.
Get that one.
I love that one.

[SPEAKER_16]
I almost got a Twitter community known on that one.

[SPEAKER_21]
Yeah, I mean, throw that one in and somebody will bid for sure.

[SPEAKER_11]
Well, you've got about 18 minutes folks.
Somebody's got to take this flight with Steve.
Uh, it's that we would have to even video that, make a little, little film about it.
It'd be great.
You'll, you'll go down in history for sure.
All right.
Well, you got about 18 minutes left in the auction.
Two really great prizes.
Hopefully we get some lucky winners on that.

[SPEAKER_21]
But we also appreciate the $10 bids.
Every little bit helps.
$10, $20, $5, even whatever you can do.
We got some t-shirt winners that we're supposed to be announcing here.
You got some more winners there, Joseph?
I don't know how to read this.
A-S-O-P-P-E-L-S-A.
Asapelsa.
Asapelsa.
From Chinada.
Chinada.
Congratulations.
Congratulations.

[SPEAKER_11]
Wear that shirt proudly.
I'm looking around for Texas Lindsey and Brooke Jackson and I don't see them.
I wanted to have a quick word.
If you guys are out there or you ladies are out there,
Come back and we lost Rob and we lost Rob Rob We were lucky to get him with that sketchy internet that he had for as long as we did He had some interesting things to say Steve.
Do you gonna get a half a cow for your freezer?

[SPEAKER_16]
I Not going out right now to do that

[SPEAKER_21]
But it's exciting that he's gonna do a comedy show.
That will be really cool.
Maybe we can do it out here in Phoenix, you know, and we can all do it.
That would be fun.

[SPEAKER_11]
That would be a blast.
Maybe you and Brad can perform as well.

[SPEAKER_21]
Get Brad to come out.
What's up, Brad?
How are you feeling about the night?

[SPEAKER_25]
Okay, you know what I was thinking about when talking about events was, you know, as you're watching this,
You know, think about what you would pay for a night like this if it wasn't an event somewhere, to have all these great speakers and minds together and have music and comedy together in one night.
I'm really cool that this community always just comes together and helps each other out.
And, you know, even somebody like Rob Schneider, who's out there making movies right now, and then to say, hey, I'll do a comedy show for you.
We can help out.
It's a really beautiful thing.
And it's something to keep in mind to encourage everyone to continue supporting and make those donations and help out.
Because, you know, I think this night is worth
more than, you know, five or 10 bucks if I was going to go out for the night and go see Rob Schneider perform and Joseph Arthur, I think that'd be really cool.
So just things to keep in mind, you know, every it's it's kind of like everybody here is kind of running their own independent sort of operation.
And these things, we all devote our time to it.
And but it but it does it does cost money to keep these operations afloat.
So let's keep it up.

[SPEAKER_11]
And your prize is still out there, I think your autograph.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.

[SPEAKER_25]
So you want me to show that off again just for anybody that's tuning in?
It's because you could win Ain't No Rock and Roll 45 with
a Silent War CD with an Ain't No Rock and Roll t-shirt with a Silent War vinyl record.
So I put that package together just before we came on thinking, you know, maybe it'll help out.
Just, you know, donate any amount and then they'll draw a winner and and and then I'll mail it to you.
I'll sign it and do whatever.
And, you know, we just do what we can.

[SPEAKER_11]
Thank you, Brad, thank you for doing this.
I'm gonna bring on Texas Lindsay and Brooke Jackson.
Texas, Brooke, welcome to our fundraising event.

[SPEAKER_16]
Welcome to the show.
Finally.
Finally got you on.
Finally.
I'm so patient.
Finally, yeah, and I like the mask deal, you know?

[SPEAKER_10]
Who's wearing a mask?

[SPEAKER_16]
I saw you.
Where are you?
I saw both of you.
Both of you did that.
You think I wasn't watching?

[SPEAKER_10]
It's because we're backstage, so we didn't know who else is backstage with us.

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_10]
We've just been joking around.

[SPEAKER_16]
No, no, I could see you backstage.
You think you think I wasn't watching?
I saw the whole thing.

[SPEAKER_10]
I was both really looking forward to figuring Rob Shanayar say, that's a huge bitch.
And I missed it.
No one else heard it.
Apparently that's a line from a movie that Rob was in that folks have been talking about all night long.
But that was the highlight of her night, so I hope you can hear me say that.
Give me the mic, Rob.

[SPEAKER_21]
I kept trying to get him to say, you can do it, but he wouldn't do it.
I tried twice.
You tried.
You tried.
I really tried.
He did say it.

[SPEAKER_25]
He did say it right at the beginning.
I heard him say it.

[SPEAKER_21]
Yeah, you're right.
He did, actually.
He's a cool guy.
He went along with it.
Yeah, he did go along with it.

[SPEAKER_10]
The only thing we've been missing is somebody to break out Kumbaya.
There has not been a single roast at this event and it's been very disappointing.

[SPEAKER_11]
People have been very kind to Steve.
It's the worst roast of all time.

[SPEAKER_16]
Maybe the worst roast ever.
I should stick to my anti-vaccine stuff.
This roast stuff is not working out.

[SPEAKER_21]
didn't work out, but I tried.
I tried at the beginning.
I said, you mean we got to pay somebody 10 grand to hang out with you.
Remember that?
That was a bit of a roast.
The only roast joke that happened.
Yeah, there you go.
That's all I can come up with.

[SPEAKER_10]
I've been looking forward to talking about Steve Wells all night long.
I didn't get the opportunity, so I'm sick of it.

[SPEAKER_16]
You're here now.
You're here now.
You're on.
You're on camera now.

[SPEAKER_10]
moment.
Let's hear it.
Steve is the only man in California with balls to stand out the censorship industrial complex.
and fight against all of these people that are continually lying, continually pushing this information themselves and denying they're even doing so.
And Brooke wanted to point out, I told her not to do it, because I thought it was inappropriate.
This is a friendly, friendly show.
And it really is.
It's all been kumbaya, and oh, we love Steve, and everything's great.
And we thought this was a roast.
We grew up on what, into eating the best.
This is not what we signed up for, but this is what happened tonight.

[SPEAKER_11]
You're providing the roast now, so thank you for... Man, I'm like sweating bullets here.

[SPEAKER_21]
Talking about your balls, Steve, I don't know.

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah, no, I know.
I'm getting uncomfortable.

[SPEAKER_10]
The audience actually shut up for it.
People came for a roast if anyone's still watching.

[SPEAKER_25]
We should have invited more trolls.
I know, yeah.

[SPEAKER_16]
You know, we could have invited a real truther, but we wouldn't have gotten a word in edgewise.

[SPEAKER_17]
It's true.

[SPEAKER_16]
That guy has like one speed, which is attack mode.

[SPEAKER_10]
I've watched him a long time ago.
He's connected to everybody.
After Schellenberger's report came out today about the censorship industrial complex, it's been a clear mission between the CIA and Mi6 and all the intel agencies across
Europe and the US to censor Americans.
So the real truth here is likely a part of that.
Without really any doubt, these people are paid and they're on a mission to censor people that don't promote the narrative.
This is so great a moment for me.
We actually pre-gamed this event, unfortunately, and here I am going into reporter mode.
But yeah, I know that the real truth around other people like him, part of the mutton crew, they're probably tied to the 77th Brigade.
But Steve is so inviting, wanting a debate so badly that you embrace these people and you didn't start blocking them until recently and you found out that it impacted your algorithm.
Then you're like, oh, I need to actually get rid of these people.
Is that right, Steve?

[SPEAKER_16]
Well, you know,
They ended up being huge time wasters, like the Mutton guy.
I really wanted to debate this guy because he actually kind of knows what he's talking about and he has a few publications.
His H index is miserably low.
You know, he can he can talk a good game.
So I asked him like two questions.
I said, you know, hey, just to just, you know, little qualifiers, just to make sure that this is going to be an interesting debate.
And he just completely avoided.
These were like, yes, no questions.
It'll take you like, you know, two seconds to figure out what the answer is.
Simple, yes, no questions.
The guy could not answer to yes, no questions.
And I said, this isn't going to work out for me.
You know, I've seen this stuff before.
If they can't answer two simple questions, it's not going to work out.

[SPEAKER_10]
So Steve, here's a rose for you.
You'll send out an email that says, I will pay a million dollars for someone to debate.
And then you send them a million question survey to answer.
And if they don't get through those million questions, they don't have a chance at that million dollars to debate you.
So how can you actually qualify them to debate you if you're going to make them take

[SPEAKER_21]
That's pretty good.

[SPEAKER_16]
But it's hard hardly reality because I have I have a half million dollar bet right now.
That's accepted and we're working through the process.

[SPEAKER_21]
So what are you going to do with the half million when you win it Steve?

[SPEAKER_16]
I'm going to use that to replenish all the millions of dollars that I've spent.

[SPEAKER_11]
I just want to make a quick announcement.
There's eight minutes left in the auction.
So eight minutes and then it closes.
So right now we got one bid on the two nights in Silicon Valley with Steve Kirsch.

[SPEAKER_16]
So do you post the link so that people know what the link is?

[SPEAKER_11]
It's in the chat.
We should be posting in the chat, David.
And Jeannie, there it is.

[SPEAKER_10]
What's the second action item?

[SPEAKER_11]
The second action is Fly the Friendly Mask Guys with Steve Kirsch.

[SPEAKER_10]
Oh my gosh.

[SPEAKER_21]
And everyone's mask wearers.

[SPEAKER_16]
I'll go through the record level data with you.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, do your MIT presentation again.
So seven minutes.

[SPEAKER_21]
Hey, we have a winner.
We have a winner for five times August winner.
We got a five times August winner, Jim Graves.
Or JM Graves, I'm assuming, Jim.
Two, four, six, eight, congratulations.
You just won some amazing music and a t-shirt and autograph.
All right.

[SPEAKER_16]
So you wanted to hear us.

[SPEAKER_11]
We got a video.

[SPEAKER_16]
Do people know about this auction item here?
We have a bunch of signed books from Pierre Cori, and they are signed by the man himself.
Oh, I don't think we had that.
I don't know if you can see that.

[SPEAKER_11]
It's kind of blown out.
How much is that one?

[SPEAKER_16]
I don't know how much these are.

[SPEAKER_11]
Let's see what the I thought there were.
I'm going to say we're going to say because we had autographed books before.
Vsrf champion for 250.
That was sold out.
So OK.
This could replace the sellout if you want to pay 250 for autographed peer Corey.

[SPEAKER_16]
I thought that was that was in the Vsrf champion.
It was one of those books.
It's about it was here.

[SPEAKER_11]
Let me let me share my screen again.

[SPEAKER_16]
Turtles All the Way Down.

[SPEAKER_11]
It was Turtles All the Way Down and also the Anthony Fauci book sound by Bobby Kennedy.
That is sold out, those books.
Where's the Pierre Cori book?
It's not in there, so you're doing it right now.
Okay, how is that not in there?
We'll add it.
It must have come in late.

[SPEAKER_16]
I think there are like five or six of these books that he signed.

[SPEAKER_11]
Okay, well, if you want a piece of history, get get that book and on that auction.
Speaking of, of roasting, we got a video from from Brian Hooker that I want to play.
Oh, and you also have one from Gert, right?
Yes, I have a couple of a couple of videos.
So yeah, let me go ahead and let me play the the hooker video.
Brian Hooker video video.

[SPEAKER_16]
Here it comes.
Right.

[SPEAKER_15]
Hi, everybody.
It's Brian Hooker from Children's Health Defense.
Hi, Steve.
In honor of your celebrity roasting tonight, I thought I would take a page from the book of Steve Kirsch and put my roast in a PowerPoint presentation.
So here goes.
Now, I first met Steve, or I first heard of Steve when he was testifying at the US Food and Drug Administration, Vaccines and Related Biological Projects Advisory Committee, or the VIRBAC Committee in, oh, I think it was in June or July of 2021.
And look at this intro.
This is absolutely amazing.
Hi, I'm Steve Curse.
I'm executive director of the COVID-19 Early Treatment Fund.
I have no conflicts.
Advanced to slide number four with the elephant, which was something that looked like this.
And of course, the elephant that he was talking about at that particular point in time was the elephant in the living room was the COVID-19 vaccine.
And at that point,
He went on to say that the COVID-19 vaccine was causing more deaths than it prevented.
And I have to say, at that point, I was in love.
You had me at elephant, Steve.
And I really, really appreciate it.
And so I needed to find out.
I didn't know Steve curse from sick them at that particular point in my life.
And I needed to find out more about Steve.
And lo and behold, we started to exchange emails through mutual contact, Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
And pretty soon he was actually blowing up my phone until I saved this screenshot of a phone call that I had recently with Steve.
And we started to do analyses together and emails went back and forth and phone calls and in terms of how he had come up with under-reporting factors for VAERS and some of his other analyses and discoveries.
And finally, then in 2022, I actually met Steve at the Defeat the Mandates rally in Los Angeles.
Now at this point, in a celebrity roast, it would be very obvious to make jokes about, you know, receding hairlines.
But every time I make jokes about somebody else's receding hairlines, I look in the mirror.
Okay, so we're just not gonna go there.
So it's not all fun and games.
Steve actually sacrificed much for what he has done to stand up for the truth regarding the COVID-19 response and COVID-19 vaccines.
But I have a little competition going on with him that he doesn't really know about.
And I want you to see that it only takes three lines in to his Wikipedia page.
Steve Todd curse is an American entrepreneur sentence one.
He started several companies and is one of two people who independently invented optical mouse sentence to.
Curse has been both a philanthropic supporter of medical researcher and a promoter of misinformation about COVID vaccines.
It takes three sentences just to get that dig in.
Compared to one Brian Hooker, bioengineer, Brian S. Hooker is a biologist and chemist at Simpson University.
This is my Wikipedia page.
He is known for promoting the claim that vaccines cause autism.
Only took two sentences to get there.
So, and if you read on Wikipedia, Steve actually got his bachelor's and master's degree at Massachusetts Institute of Technology, which is known for discovering, I don't know, everything.
In contrast, I got my bachelor's degree at Cal Poly Pomona, which is known for discovering
The Moo Train, which was a part of Cal Poly's pumpkin patch.
So anyhow, not that I'm comparing apples and oranges or major universities and cows, but anyhow.
So I do also have to admit that Steve actually
entice me to move to the pharmaceutical side for a while.
And if you look at this, you can understand why I would do that.
And it says here, will anyone qualified challenge me
in a public debate at MIT on November 30th on what the record level of data shows about the safety of the COVID-19 vaccines for $100,000 in all expenses paid.
Well, gee, Steve, you don't have to ask twice.
OK, so at that point, I thought, oh, I could become pro-pharma.
I get $100,000.
I could take a first-class ticket to MIT.
then you read the fine print.
If you convince the audience that vaccines are safe, I'm sorry, not a good bet, especially debating against Steve, not going to happen.
And so for all of that, in closing, I do want to say, Steve, you're a personal hero of mine.
What you're doing is absolutely amazing.
In fact, I've never seen Steve Kirsch and Superman at the same place at the same time.
You do the math.
But probably more exactly and more importantly,
I've never seen Steve Kersh and Ernie from My Three Sons in the same place at the same time.
And look at the resemblance.
Anyhow, Steve, I love you.
Thank you so much for everything that you're doing.
Thank you for Vaccine Safety Research Foundation.
I hope that you raise a lot of support tonight and I am your biggest fan.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_11]
Thank you, Brian Hooker, for sending us that great story and video, The Elephant in the Room.
Steve, you remember that?
Meeting.
Oh, sorry.

[SPEAKER_16]
I just finished watching the video.
Do I remember which?

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah.
Meeting him and sent and just badgering him with the elephant in the room.

[SPEAKER_16]
Well, I, um, uh, we didn't meet on the, this was a presentation I gave at the FDA that he was talking about.

[SPEAKER_11]
Right.
I got to announce the winner of the auction.
I'm going to go to the screen here.
Maureen D, you win.
Two nights in Silicon Valley with Steve Kirsch.
Congratulations.

[SPEAKER_21]
Thank you for your donation.
That's incredible.
Yes.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_16]
And I'll provide the elephant.

[SPEAKER_21]
And the room.

[SPEAKER_10]
Oh, no, you did not see.

[SPEAKER_16]
Wait a minute.

[SPEAKER_11]
Really good, really good joke in there.
Well, that's going to be a great weekend.
Maureen, enjoy your time in Silicon Valley and with Steve Kirsch.
Thank you for the donation.
And so, Steve, you have a huge presentation coming up Thursday night.
Which is hilarious.

[SPEAKER_16]
I've heard that and I've actually been working on the presentation while we've been on this call here because time is running out.
I'm on a plane tomorrow.
I got tomorrow and the next day.
It's not quite done yet, but it's getting there, but it's pretty good.
It's got like 160 slides right now.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_09]
I'm going to come sit right next to you with my mask on.

[SPEAKER_16]
There are a lot of slides on this deck.
Let me see how long it is.

[SPEAKER_11]
And then right after that, you're basically flying straight to England.

[SPEAKER_16]
Is that correct?
Yeah.
There are 196, but I cut some out.
So you're going to go to England.
There's a red pill moment here.
They may never ask me back, so I'm going to get it all out.
And it's going to be awesome.
I'm just going to like, you know, and I'm going to start with a huge shot across the bow.
And this is really, yeah.
Oh, yeah.

[SPEAKER_21]
A mic drop.
Oh, yeah.
You're open with a mic drop.

[SPEAKER_16]
Oh, yeah.
This will this will get get people's attention.

[SPEAKER_21]
And people can tune in on Thursday, right?

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, we'll be live streaming at 6pm.
Now you're going to England after, because you're going to be interviewed or spending time with Russell Brand.
Yep.
Is he supposed to be on tonight?
He also sent us a little video.
Let me play this.
Check this out.

[SPEAKER_30]
Alright.
Hello, I'm Russell Brand from Stay Free with Russell Brand.
We are very excited to have Steve Kirsch on our show.
So I'm interrupting this Rumblethon to tell you that you've got to join us on the 8th.
Is that when it is the 8th?
Yeah, the 8th, Friday the 8th of December.
Join us because I'm going to be asking Steve about vaccines and low recent uptake of them, excess and sudden deaths in the young population, Fauci,
corruption within the health agencies such as the CDC, FDA, et cetera, and his willingness to put $100,000 on the line for a debate at MIT, the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, about vaccine safety.
So why are people not taking vaccines?
Could it be connected to these sudden excess deaths?
To see me talk to Steve Kersh about that, join us on Stay Free with Russell Brand on the 8th of December.
We stream live and your comments will make it livelier.
Stay free till then.

[SPEAKER_11]
Awesome, Steve.
Are you nervous?
Which one are you more nervous for MIT or Russell Brand?

[SPEAKER_16]
All right.
All right.
So I just watched it over there.
Oh, yeah.

[SPEAKER_11]
I didn't see it.

[SPEAKER_16]
I didn't see the video ahead of time.
I just saw it on the video.

[SPEAKER_17]
I can't wait to see that episode.

[SPEAKER_16]
I know.
It's so exciting.
I mean, I'll be able to find out the answers to all these questions that I should know.

[SPEAKER_11]
Are you more nervous about MIT or Russell Brand?

[SPEAKER_16]
Neither.

[SPEAKER_11]
Neither.

[SPEAKER_16]
Neither the data supports what I'm saying, you know, this is like, this is the moment I have, I have been slaving for what like, it's been like three years now, almost three years.
And people are saying, Oh, no, no, you're wrong.
You're wrong.
You're wrong.
I finally have the data.
And the data shows I was right.
You know, and there's no way you can dispute this data.
You know, that's the thing.
This is not just from one country.
This is not just one data point.
This is data from multiple sources, and several of them are gold standard sources that people can independently verify.
And it's just like, look, this is a flat line.
This is a line that slopes up.
You know, it's like, you remember those commercials like this is your brain, this is your brain on drugs?

[SPEAKER_21]
Of course.

[SPEAKER_16]
This is a safe vaccine.
This is not a safe vaccine.
Any questions?
You know, it's really that simple.
Yeah, it's not like it's science and it's like and all these people will gaslight you and just just saying oh, no, no, no There could be a reason for it sloping upwards constantly for 365 days it marches upwards and upwards and upwards after you take the vaccine But only the covid vaccine if you take another vaccine it goes the other way.
I mean like
Who you can't you have you know if you have a working brain you can tell the difference Amazing problem is some people don't have working brains.

[SPEAKER_21]
Yeah, I know that's the problem I'm not gonna be able to convince everyone not yeah, it's like David and Goliath battle and the data is your slingshot and

[SPEAKER_11]
Well, we are past the 10 o'clock Eastern time hour.
We've got we're going to finish off with Joseph, you're going to play a song for us, aren't you?

[SPEAKER_21]
Yeah, I got a song for the vaccine injured.
Shall I do it now?

[SPEAKER_11]
And then we're going to hear Gert.
And yeah, so we're going to close out with.
Joseph can do a live song, then we're gonna have Gert who sent us a video.
Actually, before I do that, Aseem was at 35,000 feet during this episode and he sent us a quick little note, Steve.
Let me play that real quick.

[SPEAKER_03]
Everyone, please keep donating to the Vaccine Safety Research Fund.
They've been doing great work for a number of years now, and I think you should try and support them.

[SPEAKER_11]
Check.
Yeah, that was a quick little video from Assim Mahoultra from 35,000 feet.
A lot of great guests and I thank you everyone for joining us this evening.
Thank you so much.
Thank you to everyone who donated, everyone, all the volunteers who helped us tonight, everyone at the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation, and Angela, thank you for being here.
always for the vaccine injured and with us and Joseph and Brad, thank you so much for being and doing your part tonight.
My pleasure.

[SPEAKER_09]
Thank you for all the viewers, all the people watching, all the people donated.
We honestly could not do this without your support and the backing of your help.
And so we just appreciate you so, so much.
We can't wait to keep on delivering you amazing shows, amazing weekly,
weekly webinars and we're going to keep up this fight.
So help us out, donate any amount helps and we will be here for you in the new year.
And we can't wait to get on that plane tomorrow, Steve.
We're all excited to hear what you have to say.
And you know, we've, we've got a lot of great things coming.
So thank you all.

[SPEAKER_11]
That was a great night.
Okay, Joseph, are you ready?
Let's do it.
Ready?
Okay.
So keep, keep chatting, keep donating.
We're going to send you off with Joseph Arthur and then a little, a little speech by Geert van den Bosch.
And then at the very end, if you hang out, you'll get to see Steve Kersh doing karaoke, the monster mash.
So you got to hang in all the way to the end tonight.

[SPEAKER_16]
I'm a dead man.
You're dead if you're a dead man.
I survived everything, but not this.

[SPEAKER_09]
It's going to take you seriously after seeing that song.

[SPEAKER_11]
We're going to save that all the way to the end.
All right, Joseph, send us off.

[SPEAKER_21]
This one is called, we can see it's written for the vaccine injured.
So here you go.

[SPEAKER_22]
We can see that they need to be heard When the powers that be try to silence their words
They're not trying to make a stand They're not trying to raise a fuss Just trying to warn their brothers Be careful who you trust Each tried their very best
To do what they deemed right And found themselves alone And injured in the night And when they asked for help Nobody was around Ignored and then betrayed Buried above the ground And when they raised their voice They got backed out in hate
and wondered what they did to deserve this kind of fate and we can see that they need to be heard when the powers that be try to silence their
Now, what can we all do to make this wrong or right?
For some, it's now too late to bring darkness to the light.
But for those that are still here, we can lend our sympathy and lead with love, not fear, and make the blinded see.
Because people locked in pain should never be alone.
to ignore and heed their warnings now of dark roads once explored and save the innocent of this twisted fate injured and ignored in a world that's now too late and we can see that they need to be heard
the powers that be.
Try to silence their words.

[SPEAKER_21]
All right.

[SPEAKER_06]
Hi, everyone.
My name is Hier van den Bosch.
I'm a seasoned vaccinologist.
I have been working for many years with the vaccine industry with several different companies.
I've also been working with global health organizations.
I have a deep expertise in vaccine design and vaccine development.
And I'm supporting the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation, not only because this organization is financially independent, it's not dependent on corporate financing,
and it has no conflicts of interest but I'm essentially also supporting them because their criticism is targeted at the public health authorities and the regulatory authorities.
Of course not exclusively but they are one of the very few organizations that are targeting their criticism at those bodies, regulatory bodies and
public health authorities.
And I think this is important because as much as I reject the despicable attitude of the vaccine industry, it is very, very clear that public health authorities and regulatory authorities were the ones who opened the door to Big Pharma.
And therefore, they opened the door to the business plan of Big Pharma.
And the business model of Big Pharma is of course not about your health, it's not about caring about your health, it's just about enriching the shareholders.
So regulatory authorities and public health authorities have a load industry
of course, or have opened the door to industry to roll out these vaccination programs.
And of course, the recommendations to do so, to roll out mass vaccination programs in the midst of a pandemic, this is all in fact the responsibility of the public health authorities and the regulatory authorities.
They have been mandating these vaccination programs based on very limited and highly questionable data that have been gathered during very short-term clinical studies, studies that lasted only for a few months, so based
on a very limited set of data, in a very limited subset of the population, over a very limited time frame, they have allowed to roll out mass vaccination
during an epidemiological situation, namely a pandemic, that cannot at all be simulated by a short-term clinical study.
So not only are these organizations, unfortunately, but that is the truth highly incompetent.
And there are many other examples you will read about the disastrous and the incomprehensibly stupid
mass vaccination program for polio virus.
For example, you will read this on my website, Voice for Science and Solidarity.
There is also other blunders committed by the WHO, like the Ebola vaccination seven, seven, eight years ago in West Africa, where they basically were vaccinating with a live vectorized vaccine, people who were in the midst of the incubation time.
And when we asked for the data, they simply refused to give the data because many people in the vaccine group basically died because of this vaccination policy.
So not only are they highly incompetent, that is really the truth, but on top they have a huge conflict of interest and they refuse to engage in an open scientific debate.
So these bodies, these authorities are to be held accountable and we need to confront them with the truth.
Now in order to be able to do so, we have to be able to bring scientifically compelling data to the table.
So scientifically compelling data and compelling evidence.
And in order to do so, this is a painstaking exercise, of course, because in order to do so, you have to invest a lot of time and energy.
So there is always this element of criticism and attack that is based on the science to make it clear to these authorities that what they are trying to make us believe is wrong.
But on the other hand, there is also this element of solidarity where we have to take care of those people who have been harmed, of those people who have been suffered from vaccine injuries.
And that is exactly also what I'm doing with the organization that I founded two years ago, Voice for Science and Solidarity.
And I very much find also these two elements of science and solidarity in this organization, Vaccine Safety Research Foundation.
And that is why I'm very much encouraging you
to donate to this foundation because we still have a long way to go and it is really critical that we manage to finance the important work ahead.
So I'm sincerely thanking you on behalf of the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation.
Thanks for all and wishing you the best.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_17]
And suddenly, to my surprise,
He did the monster mouth He did the monster mouth He did the monster mouth He did the monster mouth He did the monster mouth He did the monster mouth He did the monster mouth
from all your left rolls.
He did the Monster Mash.
He did the Monster Mash.
He was a great yard smash.
He did the Mash.
He took on the Flash.
He did the Mash.
He did the Monster Mash.
Love his work.
Had he fun.
Had he fun.
Had he fun.
Just his fun.
Just his fun.
Just his fun.
Just his fun.
Just his fun.
Just his fun.
Just his fun.
Just his fun.
Just his fun.
The scene was rockin' all who'd seen the sound.
He'd go and change my fire-spanning powers.
I thought they'd be baffled as to what about to arrive.
But the boat couldn't drift.
The crypt did the fine.

[UNKNOWN]
They played the mash.

[SPEAKER_17]
They played the monster mash.
They played the mash.
It was a graveyard smash.
They played the mash.
They caught the horn.
They played the mash.
He had a monster mash.
Watched for this fucking great wasted ring.
His seats were filled by just one thing.
Opened the lid and shook his fist and said, We'll never hold him till my tongue's made a twist.
He's not a mash.
No monster mash.
He's not a mash.
And here's the graveyard's rush.
He's not a mash.
They caught on in the rush.
He's not a mash.
It's now a Monster Mash!
Everything's cool, tracks the heart of the man!
And a Monster Mash is the key to the line!
For you, the living, this mash was there too!
When you get to my door, tell your boy it's sent you!
The Yukon Monster Mash!
It was a big old smash!
Come on, no flash!
And you come on skirmish!
