[SPEAKER_00]
you

[SPEAKER_05]
Hi, this is Phoebe Liu.
I'm a host for the Vaccine Safety Features Foundation's live college edition and welcome to our bi-weekly Monday show.
Today, we'll be talking with Tice Pat, an Ohio University student who's currently fighting a lawsuit against the COVID-19 mandates, and Mila Radetic, a Stanford and Yale continue medical education student who is severely injured by the COVID-19 vaccine.
Mila will be joining us shortly after she works out some technical difficulties.
But VSRF is a 501C3 organization with a mission to end the COVID-19 mandates and advance COVID-19 vaccine safety through public education and advocacy of scientific research, as well as to provide support to the vaccine injured.
We encourage open and transparent conversations, scientific and medical inquiry, as well as questions.
We're calling for truth and transparency in our colleges so that our fellow students and future generations can receive informed consent and freedom to have education without coercion or mandates.
Tonight's topic is on vaccine injuries and economics of the baby bust.
And we do upload all the cited materials for each episode as well as the link to the open floor discussion on Twitter spaces in the description box.
So thank you for joining us live on Rumble tonight.
If you'd like to ask any questions, please put them in the comments.
With that being said, there is a recent article that was posted on Wall Street Journal and if I can share my screen now, Tice will give us a new slash.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, so if you haven't heard about this yet, the Department of Energy just released a new report.
And there's been similar reports that have said the same thing.
The lab leak is the most likely origin of COVID-19.
This is in the Wall Street Journal.
It's been big news if you just look up lab leak Wall Street Journal and you can find this.
But essentially why, obviously the lab leak was called a conspiracy for two years.
And it's pretty much most likely confirmed that it was a lab-leaked virus.
Whether it was leaked on accident, on purpose, maybe that could be debated still.
But what you'll see a lot of the naysayers saying about this is that they have low confidence in this report.
that's kind of taken a little bit out of context because their confidence of it being natural is much, much lower.
So the reason that there's low confidence is because we have groups in the United States, in China, that they are not open to sharing the information about the origin of COVID.
And this might seem like kind of a non-issue, like, oh, why does the origin really matter?
Like, it's out there, like, what can we do?
you know, like people are more thinking like today.
But the origin of COVID is, it's really important.
So like understanding the origin is key to making sure, one, that this doesn't happen again, but two, understanding like truly what's happened and what, you know, we found some effective treatments, but if we really know
everything about COVID, we learn the origin and we can start investigating that.
Not only can we find better treatments for the virus itself, but we'd have a better understanding of the spike protein, where it came from, how it came to be.
And that can also help people that have been injured by the vaccine.

[SPEAKER_02]
So it's really important.

[SPEAKER_01]
If you haven't,
read the article or the report, I recommend you definitely go check that out.
Um, it's super important.
Um, it doesn't super relate to like what we're doing here with the college show, but in my free time, I love to explore, um, kind of what the origins have been like, um, look down that path because I think it's very important.
And I think more and more people are starting to realize there's a lot more going on behind the scenes that, um,
You know, they might, they call it, they like to call it bio-defense research, gain of function research.
Um, but the reasoning behind this, um, the intentions might not be as good as they want us to think.

[SPEAKER_00]
So definitely something to look into.

[SPEAKER_01]
And so we wanted to make sure anybody that hasn't heard about that now has check it out.
Go back to, uh, Phoebe's screen share now.

[SPEAKER_02]
Sorry guys, we're having some technical difficulties today.
Just bear with us.
All right.

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, we're getting that screen share back up.
Um, like we were saying earlier, we're going to talk about the baby bus today.
Um, before we get into it, like, let's maybe preface it by saying, um, a lot for a lot of college students, um, we're not really thinking about having kids right now, but it's really important.
Like while you're in college too, to realize that right now we're the next generation.
But the next generation that's going to be college students, going to be high school students, it's very important, especially like us in college right now, we understand better than anybody, like what's been taken away from us, the college experience.
And so it's really important to look forward to the future.
What's going to be happening with future generations coming up to colleges and making sure that not only they're well protected from the stuff we went through, but
making sure that they're there to, you know, like we have a next generation.
It's important for people our age to like consider these things.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, definitely.
So sorry about the technical difficulties there, but I do have my screen share back.
Yay.
And I just want to mirror what Ty said about the oranges of the virus, as well as why it's so important to care about our futures as both college students and as
I would hope, potential parents in the future.
Because if disastrous things happen on a wide scale to our generation, and I'm about to go into that now, we won't be equipped to work.
And the workforce may suffer because of that.
And with that, I would also be very concerned, just in my own future, what sort of jobs would be available
in 5-10 years time?
Will there be market shortages in 5-10 years time?
Can I feed myself?
Can I live?
And about kids, what about them?
Where will their future go?
What does the environment look like?
And that's why I think it's important to consider and important to be aware of what's going on so that we are better prepared for the future.
But now I'll go back to my screen sharing and we'll go over a couple of slides tonight and do a brainstorming session towards the end.
So if we could please pull up my screen share.
Okay, great.
Awesome.
Thanks.
So this is, you know, we talked about the virus and obviously the solution that is being pushed right now is the vaccine.
But that came with a lot of hidden issues that were not talked about, were not told to us by the vaccine manufacturers.
And in fact, this team over at Daily Cloud, they have a team of over 3,500 experts who revealed the safety documents that were produced by Pfizer after court order.
So this is, you know, you can scan both of the QR codes to see the document for yourself.
It's real.
It's a thing.
It's from Pfizer.
But over 42,000 individuals experienced adverse events in the first 10 weeks after COVID-19 vaccine was released in December of 2020.
And almost immediately following that, Pfizer hired 600 extra personnel and then an additional
1,400 to document the whole tsunami of adverse event case reports.
So they had to take on additional 2,000 people just because there were so many adverse event reports coming in.
And the really shocking thing about this study was that of those case reports, 72% involved women.
And especially tonight, we're going to talk about, you know, fertility.
And you can see, you know, menstrual right here is one of the, you know, one of one of the adverse events that has considerable cases with it.
And with that, I'm going to next slide.
There we go.
Sorry about that.
Everybody's having technical difficulties and, you know, Tyce also has a tornado going on.
So it's a very eventful night for us.
But so I wanted to show you some autopsy reports of what they have been finding in people who have been vaccinated and unvaccinated.
And if you scan the QR code in the top right, Dr. Bookhart analyzed the samples of people who were vaccine injured as well as those who did not get the vaccine.
And you can see that the spike protein indeed was deposited in tissues of the body.
So you can see that people who had the vaccination, they had the spike protein deposited in their tissues.
So this is a comparison and this is their control.
So that's an unvaccinated person.
Here we have a image of the endothelium of a normal healthy person and then one who is vaccinated.
Same thing here with the heart, normal heart and a heart with myocarditis.
So you know this was a very very interesting talk.
It was about 20 minutes long.
Do go check it out.
And it just shows you the evidence that yes, people who do get vaccinated are showing signs in their bodies that came from the vaccine.
And then here, so this is the major menstrual adverse event safety signals from the FISA reports.
And remember the graph before that we showed where all of the case reports that FISA collected, 72% of those case reports were women.
And out of those, 16% of the adverse events involved reproductive organs and functions.
So in total, there was almost 20,000 reported cases of menstrual problems.
And we don't know if this is permanent or not, and it might show up as a decline in births nine months later.
There's just simply not enough data to know that, but we do know
that it does deposit in your reproductive organs and as a female, you know, that is something that I should be concerned about because it'll affect me in my daily life, you know, as my hormones fluctuate, but it will also affect, you know, later on my sexual life, you know, my marriage and, you know, having kids in the future.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, and like definitely one of the conclusions we can draw from this as well.
We might not be sure what the end results going to be in any normal time throughout history this would have been a huge like warning sign right.
So,
like vaccine comes out, we have all these adverse events.
And it was just repeatedly watered down the media, big pharma.
They're like, no problem, no problem.
It's okay.
It's safe and effective.

[SPEAKER_05]
Right, exactly.
Like here, Reuter says that the vaccine won't be used for depopulation.
And we'll just assume that it's safe for pregnant women, even though we've never tested it on that population.
Now, depopulation, you would think about mass genocide and things like that.
But depopulation also takes into consideration
stopping the births of the next generation.
There's no more new people on the planet.
If there's no more new people and all the existing people on the planet die off, then essentially that is the population.
So while the headline is pretty shocking, you know, they threw in the word depopulation in there.
It makes sense if you think about reproduction and births, miscarriages, all of that down the lane.
But of course, no big deal.
It's totally safe.
We approved it, right?
Well, the New England Journal of Medicine actually said that it has this report on the safety and efficacy of the mRNA COVID-19 vaccine.
And again, Pfizer, CDC, they promised us long-term data and studies, but that never showed up.
What also happened was they eliminated the blind control group.
And this control group was supposed to be followed for two years.
And thanks to these errors, we don't know how long mRNA persists, where it's located, what it does to the host genome, and how long it'll produce a largely unidentified artificial protein.
And if you were here for the last episode, Dr. Huang said that we don't know how long mRNA lasts in our body.
and this is just supporting material to show that we did not have the long-term data to make those claims and now we're dealing with the results of the unknown.

[SPEAKER_04]
Isn't there a certain protocol that is supposed to be followed when these medical companies come up with vaccines?
Why wasn't it followed this time?
And just because it was an emergency use authorized doesn't mean we should deviate from the set protocol to keep us safe.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, exactly.
Back when I was doing research in the lab, we were going through FDA approval.
And normally, FDA approval takes about anywhere from like five to 10 years or even longer.
It's a lengthy process.
It's a very highly involved process.
We know that they tell us, oh,
We had previous research to rely on, as well as it was just fast-tracked because COVID was dangerous back then and we needed to get the vaccine out.
But there has never been a vaccine that was produced so quickly as the COVID-19 vaccine.
And to produce a treatment that quickly, you would wonder if they cut corners.
And as we have seen, you know, one of the corners that they cut was studying pregnant women and what happened to them and their reproductive systems.

[SPEAKER_04]
Jumping back to the thing about pregnant women, authorizing something that can harm a pregnancy is by far one of the most evil things someone can do.
That is a new life and especially whether it was planned or not, that's absolutely, they should not be allowed to do that.
And if they are allowed, there should be a warning, there should be studies because you're interfering with a human life.
And also you see a lot of pregnant women when they go through miscarriages, they like all the emotional and physical trauma that comes from that.
Imagine if that happens, which it has been caused by the vaccine.
It's a whole nother level of I did this to my child.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
Yes, exactly.
That's that's a really good point.
And unfortunately, it's just not it's not only miscarriages, which is really sad.
But this is from Dr. McCollough and he
He writes here, autopsies found that it can bioaccumulate in several organs, including reproductive organs, and full-length mRNA has also been shown to circulate in people's blood for up to 28 days post-injection, as well as it's been detected in breast milk.
So this can affect the development of babies both in the womb and out of the womb.
when they breastfeed.
And that's just really scary because I remember when my mom was, you know, having my sister and she did the same thing for me.
She was highly, highly knowledgeable and she saw out the materials and read books and went online and tried to do as much research to prepare for her baby and to give her baby, you know, the best, you know, birth as well as life afterwards that she could possibly know of.
And yet here, women are not knowingly taking the vaccine and not realizing that it can have this detrimental effect to both their own health as well as the health of their child.
So it's very backwards.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, like to add on to what Phoebe just said.
So we've been going through fertility and birth declines for 30 to 40 years now, depending on where you look at some places even longer.
And so this has spawned a new way of fertility tracking has become a lot more popular.
People are a lot more wary of what they eat when they're trying to get pregnant and what they do physical activity, you know, like what's going to make them the healthiest and support fertility the most.
And, you know, it's like people are worried about what they eat, what they put in their body.
But
all these big people that are all these big organizations that are supposed to protect women's health, protect reproductive health.
They just continue to ignore that there's something else that you can put into your body that you can inject into your body that could and has shown in data to have a very real chance of affecting that fertility.
So it's something that should be considered just like anything else, like are eggs good for, is eating eggs good?
You'll find differing opinions.
But there's just really no conversation in the mainstream about the effect that the vaccine's having on fertility.
And it's kind of crazy to see the hypocrisy of it.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, I know.
And we've been dealing with a lot of fertility issues prior to the pandemic.
And people were going to fertility clinics, trying to test when their ovulation cycles were, and just finding the right timing and the right place to have a baby.
And yet this huge thing, which is affecting both women and men's fertility and ability to reproduce, is silent.
Mila, you're going to say something and cut you off.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
Whether you're for or against the vaccine, as parents, as future parents, as any of that, you want to do what's best for your children.
Everyone should take a look on what the potential side effects of these medical procedures, vaccines are because you do not know how it will affect your future and especially something with like having children.
That's the new generation and that's a huge part of your life.
you need to be careful with that and you should look at it from all sides.
You shouldn't just close your eyes to it simply because you don't want to be looked upon as an anti-vaxxer.
It's like, no, there's adverse effects to everything.
If it's going to severely affect you, you should at least take a look.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, exactly.

[SPEAKER_01]
Definitely.
And then, like, let's just talk hypothetically here for a second.
Let's say that the vaccines are causing major fertility issues and that the WHO, the CDC, Big Pharma, they were actually successful in vaccinating the entire population.
We could be talking about an extinction level event like
That's like it's not something to take lightly.
And we'll get into some of the data about how rare these drops and birth rates are.
And I think it's important for people to see all this and really understand this isn't some type of conspiracy.
This is something that could really damage the future of society.

[SPEAKER_05]
Marrying both what you, Tice, and Mila just said, this is not all college students, but I think a good portion of college students, why they go to college in the first place, is so that they can 1A.
at a quality education so that they can find a better job and in the future have the means to provide for a family if they want to start a family and give their kids a better chance of living, a better quality of life as well.
It's not everyone who wants to have kids, but I think that a lot of us go to college with that future thought in mind, preparing that
Okay, I at least want a good future and I can also give kids a better future if I have the ability to support myself.
So, you know, it's a lot of future thought.
But, you know, why are we going to college in the first place?
It's for us and to educate, you know, the next generation, our next society on how to be better humans and, you know, more productive people.
But with that said, let's take a look at some birth rate trends now.
And here I've got on the screen, this is the extended article and it includes trends of 22 countries and some information on the mechanism of why birth rate trends have been dropping.
But we only have time to look at a few of those countries today.
And I do want to give a disclaimer to everyone that correlation does not mean causation, but when there's absence of other explanatory variables, and in light of all of the medical studies that have been showing the risk of COVID vaccination, this ought to trigger a warning sign in our minds and help us to be aware and pay attention of what's going on.
So this is Australia's Bureau of Statistics data.
You can see all the lines on the top, all the colorful lines.
They show the statistics for the past 10 years.
Now, the blue line here, this is 2021's data.
And the author of this article asks, what on earth could be causing a combined 71% decrease in births from October to December?
And it's really weird.
For the past 10 years, it's been fairly consistent in the same rage that they have births around 25,000 births every year.
Suddenly, in 2021, it plummets.
So what in the crazy world is going on here?
Well, the same thing happened in Germany, and Germany is experiencing a strange decline in virus in the first quarter of 2022.
And again, this is totally inconsistent with recent years, especially throughout lockdown with the original COVID-19 variant, which we all know was the deadliest.
And this 13% of decline in births is a 9 sigma event.
And we'll do a little math, just a little bit, since I'm not great at it.
But a 9 sigma event is as likely to happen as naturally an asteroid striking the Earth.
And how often does that happen?
So this next one, this one hits home to me because my family is Taiwanese.
My parents are immigrated from Taiwan and 91% of Taiwanese residents received a vaccine dose and we were basically the poster child for successful vaccination.
So here, this is a Taiwanese government report that writes that birth rates dropped by 23.24% in May 2022 compared to May 2021.
And that's just shocking to me because Taiwan is literally a little bigger than the state that I live in.
I live in Connecticut.
So we're a very small country.
And our population, because of the geographical size, is limited.
But 23.24% of missing children, missing unborn children, literally means that for every five people that you see now, one of them was never born.
And that's kind of shocking.
So you can see here the comparison of previous years and 2022 is the outlier.
So during the math of standard deviation, this drop in sigmas is a 26 sigma event.
And also, I have to mention, because this article was written in June of last year, this 26 sigma event is illustrated if the birthrate stayed consistent throughout the rest of the year.
I don't have the data for the remaining six months of the year and now going into 2023, but because we have been seeing birthrates drop all across the globe, I don't think this
23% is accurate as of now and it might be even lower.
I don't know, but let's play pretend and say that it stayed at 23%.
To give you an illustration of that, I looked online and this was the closest thing that I can find to a 26 sigma event.
Here, this is a calculation of a 25 sigma event that was back in 2007 when Goldman Sachs flagship GEO hedge fund had lost 27% of its value.
So people were shocked and like, oh my goodness, this thing never happens.
And researchers did the math and they found out that the chance of a 25 sigma event happening is once in this ginormous, crazy, huge number of years.
And so to reference that.
The big bang, which I don't believe in, but I know many people do, so we'll use it as a reference.
The big bang happened 13.8 billion years ago.
So what in the world happened to cause a 26 sigma event like in Taiwan?
Okay, this is number of years.
This is the big bang.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, so like to put it into other words, it may be a different perspective too.
It's more likely that multiple big bangs would have happened before a 26 sigma decline in births.
And if you've taken a stats class, you might be familiar with sigma values, but you've never taken a stat class where unless it was just to
prove a point or an example where you discussed a 26 sigma change in something from a 26 sigma deviation, it's essentially almost as close to impossible as you can get.
And so when people try to discredit this and act like it's not that big of a deal, like I don't, you know, whatever, they use anecdotal evidence to be like, I don't even know anybody that's had any of these issues, whatever, whatever they say.
Like the fact of the matter is something big changed.
Something had to have happened.
There's no possible chance that it's just a coincidence.
There is a one in all those zeros chance that it did happen by coincidence.
But if you believe that, you should probably go look into buying Swampland in Florida.
It's not a coincidence.
It's almost for sure not a coincidence.
This is something that's really serious and something needs to be done.
Like we've mentioned, overlooking the safety trials for how this affects fertility and pregnant mothers and people that even have newborns, it's absolutely ridiculous that the government is not
the governments around the world aren't dropping everything to at least make sure, do the studies to prove us wrong.
Because like Phoebe said, correlation doesn't equal causation.
But I have heard no other explanation for how something so rare could have happened.
Nobody can sell us.
Probably the most likely answer you're going to get is, Oh, well, it's from COVID.
It's from the lockdowns, whatever it is, whatever excuse they say.
But why don't we see the drop then?
Why'd we, you could even say like, okay, there'd be maybe a nine month delay, not really for
becoming pregnant because becoming pregnant doesn't take nine months.
You know within a couple weeks usually that you're pregnant.
So we would have seen this drop in 2020 and even 2021 and we really didn't until the end of 2021 and the beginning of 2022 when we had mass vaccination throughout the population.
So I'd love to hear a good explanation for how something so improbable could have happened and it not be the vaccine.
But until I hear any plausible explanation.
It's, in my opinion, it's very safe to assume that with the studies and the data we've seen, that we know this vaccine causes menstrual issues.
We know it affects fertility.
We might not know to what level, but now we're seeing 23% decline in births.
That is unimaginable.
It's unimaginable.
And it'd be different if you look at the chart here.
If every year it was really different, maybe this could be more expected.
But it's a very steady, there's been a very steady amount of births in Taiwan and in most countries throughout the years, especially when you account for the population growth overall decline.
Because obviously if there's more people, there should be more births.
If there's less people, there should be less births.
But for this to happen so suddenly,
isn't many other explanations for what happened.
And so I don't, it needs to be, this absolutely should be a number one priority for countries and governments around the world.
Because like I said earlier, if this trend continues, we could legitimately be talking about an extinction level event.
And we're going to kind of talk about, and probably right after this, like what affects
drop like this in birth rates is going to have on society outside of just people not being born.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, yeah, exactly.
So we're just about getting there.
I have this very interesting study that Igor Chudov did with Hungary.
And he looked at the highest vaccinated countries, counties, sorry, counties of Hungary, and compared them to the lowest vaccinated counties.
And it's a very interesting study.
So he found out that the highest vaccinated countries, counties, I keep on saying counties of Hungary had the worth
drop in birth rates of 2022.
And it's almost like a new Taiwan.
So Budapest had a decline of 22.2% drop in births.
It's right here.
Budapest is this tiny, tiny county here.
And they were the most highly vaccinated.
But coincidentally, they also had the worst birth rate drop.
So Igor says that the data is noisy.
This data is noisy because this only presents a single moment snapshot of the vaccination rates as of July 13th, 2021.
And to make the comparison less noisy, he picked the five most vaccinated Hungarian counties and the five least vaccinated counties and compared quarter one of 2022 to that same quarter.
So quarter one of 2021.
And then he averaged the rates.
to give you a less noisy comparison.
So basically he found that the average of most to least vaccinated counties was 15%.
And this is really shocking because this is a within counting comparison.
So it can be more confident that these are driven by vaccination rates as opposed to the political, economic or ethnic differences.
And this is apples to apples, Hungarians to Hungarians, same time period comparison.
And he found that birthrate decline in the most heavily vaccinated countries was three times greater than the decline in least vaccinated countries.
And of course, we don't know if fertility will ever come back, but we can start worrying now and taking action now.
Because here's the thought.
When babies aren't made, what else isn't being made?
We've been hinting towards this.
The new workforce.
And since we've already been seeing the, since we've already seen an increase of the disabilities that impair work and functioning, if we add on top a workforce shortage that is due to lower birth rates,
I don't know how we will sustain the economy in the future.
So this is Ed Dowd's team's research.
He was a former BlackRock portfolio manager and he brought the company from 2 billion to 14 billion under his hand and his job was to observe patterns and frauds and steer his company through that.
He was the founder of Finance Technologies, where you can find this slide that I'm going to talk a little bit about.
And I mentioned disabilities earlier.
So he looked at the US disability data for the past several years, over 10 years.
And the chart on the left here shows the evolution of disability rate from 2008 to November 2022.
That's the left axis right here.
And it basically fluctuated pretty consistently within the percentage.
all the way until 2021, when we knew that vaccines were released onto the market.
So he superimposed the vaccination data right here on the right scale.
And he found that the disability started around February of 2021 and then accelerated from May of 2021.
So when you compare the vaccination data to the disability data,
The results and the coincidence, this is pretty compelling and it's a visualization of what is happening.
Why are we experiencing so many disabilities lately?
Here on the right, this chart shows the correlation between the rise in the disability rate since February of 2021 with the vaccination data and the regression R2 is close to 90%.
So it's showing evidence for a strong relationship.
But again, you know, I want to note that correlation does not mean causation, so even though these two graphs are really compelling, it's a correlation.
It might not be a causation, but when we don't have the other explanatory factors,
And also we have, on the other hand, strong medical evidence of the vaccines that are causing these injuries and deaths.
You know, one has to take this relationship seriously and give good thought to the consideration that this is not a good idea.
as a developing society, if we want to produce more and have good livelihoods in the future, something should be done about the rising disabilities.
Something should be done about the dropping birth rates.
And what they're both pointing towards too is the vaccine is at the cause, the root cause of both of these things.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
And if I could jump in and give like a brief little macroeconomics lesson here.
The economy and birth rates, they're what we call a positive relationship.
So if the economy is doing better, birth rates are typically going to increase.
You may have heard the term baby boomers.
It's one of the generations like Gen X or millennials.
The baby boom that you might hear about, it happened after World War II.
The American economy was booming.
People had more money, more leisure.
They were just more capable of having kids and raising families, you know, raising bigger families, because obviously kids are expensive.
And so what the positive relationship means is these two things feed off of each other.
So let's say we have a decline in birth rate.
We're going to have a decline in economy because there's less people contributing to the economy.
If we have a decline in the economy, that's going to hurt the birth rate because less people are able to support having a larger family or bringing
giving birth to another child.
And the thing is that that takes some time to happen, obviously, because you don't come out of the womb and get a job the next day.
But if something's not done soon to curb the falling birth rate, what we're going to see is the economy begin to fall as a result of the lower birth rate,
And then as a result of the economy falling, even less people are going to have kids, even people that weren't affected by the vaccine.
So the unvaccinated are going to be affected by this too, because of the positive relationship they have.
And if we let it get to that point, then they'll
there, nobody will ever admit that what could have started this trend was the vaccines, because they'll say, oh, well, the birth rate is declining because the economy is declining.
And they'll be like, well, the economy is declining because the birth rate is declining.
And they'll just they'll use that positive relationship to kind of hide what the true cause of like what began that downward trend was.
And it seems more than likely that it is the COVID-19 vaccines.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
Yeah.
So it's literally not a you versus me issue here.
It's not a vaccinated versus unvaccinated issue because literally everyone in the future will be affected by this, you know, no matter where you stand, who you are, where you live.
This is a, you know, it will be a global pandemic in a sense.
It'll be an economic pandemic.
And the unfortunate thing is that even before everything, the pandemic, the lockdown, the social distancing, the masking, the vaccination, the shots, everything, we were in a good place with our economic system.
As I'm sure everybody has noticed, with the rising gas prices, with the rising food prices, inflation is crazy.
And the thing is, it didn't start in over the past couple of years.
It started a long way back.
So before I play a clip from Mike Maloney's Hidden Secrets of Money documentary, let me explain the demographics of different life stages that are shown here.
And it'll give us an idea of our starting point before we dive into adding all the ingredients to this boiling pot of disaster.
Sorry to be pessimistic.
But, okay, so here, this is from the 1940s.
This is children.
So children, we know they are the ultimate consumers.
They consume everything and produce nothing, so they're basically useless, except for a quality of life for their parents.
And that's, I think, why a lot of people have kids.
Because the quality of life outweighs the, quote-unquote, uselessness of children.
I'm using that term because economically, children are an economic loss.
Now, moving on to the next stage, here in the green, you can see working age.
So working age, you know, your 20s, all the way up to your 40s, people are getting a job, you know, whether it be minimum wage or anything a little more, they're contributing to the economy and it's a breakeven area.
But as you get older, you know, people move into the yellow and it's becoming a net positive for the economy.
You're, you know, paying income tax, you're producing more than you consume, et cetera, et cetera.
So you're getting better for the economy.
Then the next life stage, you know, you're in your 45, you're in your 50s, you're in the max spending demographic.
These guys, they live in the largest houses of their lifetimes.
They're driving the most cars.
They're sending their kids off to college.
They're spending a lot.
So they're constantly giving more and more money into the economy.
Well, then, you know, kids go to college and they move out, et cetera, et cetera.
And these parents, you know, they become empty nesters and they realize, oh crap, we didn't save anything and we want to retire in five to 10 years.
And then so they start saving.
So that's why it, you know, drops into and it's called Max Save at the next life stage.
Then, you know, people get older, you know, they start, you know, their retirement, their living.
But then, you know, they get to a point where, you know, as human bodies, human bodies fail.
And this life stage is called max social burden because, you know, simply they're liquidating their assets to live.
You're selling your house, you're downsizing, selling cars, selling extra things around the house that you don't need.
And the only economic driver at this life stage is they're driving the medical industry.
So there is this wave pattern of the life stages and this is how much you contribute to the economy.
Now I want to play a video and show you the wave since 1940s all the way to 2008.

[SPEAKER_03]
And you can see that big wave sweeping through there.
And if you could imagine data for the children, it would be at a much lower rate.
And if we do have a
a big economic pullback, you're going to see that really reduce.
So we're in, most likely, some very serious trouble here because all of our social programs and the way the economy and the society is set up, everybody's expecting to be able to retire at a certain age and live fairly comfortably off of the rest of us, off of the government.
And you can see that big wave sweeping through there.
And if you could imagine data for the children, it would be at a much lower rate.
And if we do have a big economic pullback, you're going to see that really reduce.
So we're in, most likely, some very serious trouble here because all of our social programs and the way the

[SPEAKER_05]
So that was a clip by Mike Maloney and this was made pre-pandemic.
I do highly recommend you check out his series, Hidden Seekers of Money.
It goes into the history of fiat money, why it's never been successful in the past.
But just based on that, and this documentary has nothing to do with the pandemic,
Just based off of that, you can see that the wave, you know, as children grow up, they go into the working age, max spend, max saving as social burden.
And it ended at, you know, 2030, where they didn't know, and we still haven't gotten there, so we don't have the data yet.
But there needs to be more children who come into this world to continue this wave of development.
Now, imagine if this blue, this blue, you know, section of the graph right here plummets.
And then we see everybody moving towards working age, max spend, max save, social boardroom, right?
Who's coming in as the next generation to keep the graph moving?
And this was pre-pandemic.
So we already were in a good place to begin with, and now we're going to add in the factors.
So in my humble opinion, you know, tonight, the stuff in the yellow and orange, and I know we didn't cover too much on miscarriages due to the vaccine shedding, which is another issue that we have to talk about.
at a later time.
But the vaccine injuries, the disabilities themselves, coupled with energy and time expenditures from caretakers of the vaccine injured and birthrate declines, these three things, they lead to decreased workforce and decreased productivity.
So my hypothesis is in red.
I think that with a decreased workforce, with decreased productivity,
There will be employee shortages and if we have employee shortages, we might encounter company shutdowns because there's nobody supporting the company.
And with that, we then go to market shortages as economic recessions or depressions.
So, we were never at a good starting point, as Mike Maloney showed.
And as a college person, I worry about my future.
I worry about the inability to have kids, the inflation that's going on in the world right now, more and more disabilities in the world, the financial hardships that people will encounter,
if the situation does not change and in the future not having access to resources simply because there's nobody producing them.
So I kind of want to open up this time for a open floor discussion just here and brainstorm with you guys.
As college students, know that we've seen the data of the declining birthrates.
We've seen the data of the rising injuries.
and just thinking, you know, when people are incapable of working, when people are incapable of, you know, reproduction, and the result, you know, most likely will be a decreased workforce because there's nobody to take on the new job.
You know, what in your mind does that bring up to you?
What concerns and what things would you do if we really run into this situation?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, so I think one thing that's important to kind of comprehend here is every single mammal on planet Earth, humans included, we're not an exclusion of this, every single mammal, they have this natural feeling to reproduce, create the next generation.
Because, surprise, none of us live forever no matter what.
The only guarantee in life is that at some point we're going to pass away.
Um, and so to continue the human race to make sure that we don't go extinct, like so many mammals have, um, we have to keep the birth rate above the extinction level, which I'm not sure where that sits right now.
Sorry.
I have a throat loss engine because my throat is killing me, but, uh,
like this is something that is ingrained into human nature.
Reproduction is necessary.
And it's, you know, it's not just necessary for society to continue to operate at such a high level.
It is obviously, like we've kind of discussed here, it could cause serious societal collapse.
But kind of like what I mentioned earlier, like we could be talking about human extinction if we, if this is as bad
Hopefully, even with the data we're seeing, we're probably not going to go extinct from the COVID vaccine, fingers crossed.
But if we don't stop this, if we don't make sure that things like this can't happen again, it could very easily be the next vaccine, the next mRNA vaccine that gets brushed through because of a pandemic, could wipe us out within one generation.
Within 100 years, humans are gone.
And as far as we know, we're the only hyper-intelligent life in the universe.
And so we're at a serious risk of losing that.
I think, in my opinion, some of the driving factors behind why government, big pharma, these big industries, they want to ignore this decline in birth rate is because of depopulation.
And you'll hear, go, depopulation, that's a conspiracy, blah, blah, blah.
If you think depopulation's a conspiracy, look up what it said on the Georgia Guidestones.
Look up the Kissinger Report.
What is the Kissinger Report?
and check out Bill Gates' TED Talk on population.
And just watch those.
I'm not going to tell you what to think or give you any more.
Those are just three things you should check out, especially the Kissinger Report.
Depopulation is a very real thing that people believe in and have talked about for a long time.
And so I think this is a serious problem, and it needs to be taken serious.
And Big Pharma, our government, our FDA, our CDC,
They're not taking this serious.
It needs to be taken.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
Yeah.
And in fact, I know Mila has done some research and actually found out that employment rates are dropping already.
And, you know, people are being fired due to the refusal to comply.
So we're already seeing, you know, employee shortages.
It might not be as, you know, humongous as I am catastrophizing, but we see the beginnings of it.
I don't know, Mila, are you there?
And would you like to talk about what you found?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, so I came across some data from last year in 2021 and 2022.
And Northwell Health, which was the largest health care provider in New York, actually terminated 1,400 unvaccinated workers.
And then you have
Christina Care, Novent Health, UC Health System, several other health providers in Delaware and North Carolina and many other states that each hospital cut more than 100 workers each.
So as you go through some of these mainstream health organizations, you see they're firing a lot of people and it's not being talked about simply because they're unvaccinated.
We also, I came across a New York Times survey and that was done in December, 2021.
And it found more than 49,000 people across the country had been disciplined or left jobs either by quitting or being fired because they did not comply with vaccine orders from state or city governments.
And this is an underestimate because most states and cities did not answer the questions about employees had been punished or had quit.
I wonder why.
And then there is also in January and February of 2022, 28% of employed Americans said they wouldn't get a COVID vaccine even if it cost them their job.
And that's according to the Society for Human Resource Management.
Incentives, lotteries, even money was not going to change people's minds.
And the perspective that people were taking was, if the vaccine really was this good, and if it really worked, they wouldn't have to force us to take it.
I can personally relate to losing a job due to the vaccine mandate.
I was working at a very well-known hospital for clinical hours for my schooling.
And due to the fact that I wasn't fully vaccinated, they did not let me go back to work despite being vaccine injured.
And this was a hospital.
They're an organization that deals with ill and injured people on a daily basis.
We would have expected them to be more understanding of severe conditions that are developed due to medical treatments.
But instead, they were not at all.
Do you guys have anything to say on all of this?
I mean, it's simply something not being talked about enough.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, yeah, absolutely.
And in fact, so
Here's one thing.
I didn't realize that the numbers were so big that so many people have been, you know, leaving jobs.
And it's no doubt that, you know, the New York governor, New York State has been experiencing health care worker shortage.
It might not just be, you know, people who refuse to go to their jobs.
It might be people who are also, you know, suffering from disabilities or injuries.
Either way, there is a lack of healthcare workers, not just in New York, but in other states in the country as well.
This lack of healthcare workers then downstream leads me to think there's not enough people taking care of the sick.
And the sick, whether it be from some other cause that they had previously or because of a vaccine injury, we're just perpetuating the problem.
We're not healing people.
And that leads to even more, even larger loss in the workforce and in productivity.
Um, so absolutely.

[SPEAKER_04]
And you see, um, like as college students, like we're usually working to help pay for our school or, um, to gain experience in, in whatever career we're preparing to go into.
So the fact that, um, we're not being hired or being fired, um, and people are being laid off or even just quitting because of not being vaccinated is not helping at all.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
Yeah, exactly.

[SPEAKER_04]
Oh, sorry.

[SPEAKER_01]
No, you're good.
I was just going to like touch on kind of like what you said, your situation, Mila, where you did get vaccine.
You did get vaccinated.
But after you had reactions to it and obviously the FDA even says if you have any type of reaction, whether it's even like soreness in the arm,
from the injection site.
You should at least wait to get another vaccine and consult your primary care doctor.
And if it's a severe reaction, the FDA says, don't take it again.
And I know plenty of people that they got their first doses, they had bad reactions to it.
And their doctor, the FDA is telling them, don't get another dose.
But these companies, they don't care.
They're like, no, well, it's the rule.
You got to get the next dose.
You know, there's just so little thought that went into this.
And we've saw firsthand the effects, the shortage in health care.
I think we've seen like a fundamental change in the way people even think.
And like, especially the health care community where, like, I've been sick the past two weeks.
And because I don't have COVID, they're like, oh, they're just like, they shrug their shoulders.
It's like the only things that are important now,
After the pandemic, they made COVID such a big issue and everybody will remember there was no flu during COVID because they weren't even testing for flu.
They couldn't even think about the flu because there was so much constant propaganda and fear being spread about COVID.
And so then the only other things that kind of pop up like monkeypox popped up for a little bit and they threw a big fit about that for a little bit.
Um, but, um, we're seeing like cancer is on the rise because cancer screenings are way down.
People come in with symptoms and they're like, Oh, let's take a COVID test.
That's always their go-to.
Like if you go to, if you go to urgent care with any type of flu or cold symptoms, the first thing they're going to do is COVID test you still.
And, uh, so it's like, it's, we're seeing the damage firsthand that has already happened.
And.
This is why what we do is so important.
It needs to end.
It needs to stop.
We need to get back on track.
We need to do what's best for the greater good.
And we need to we need to stick to our morals and values like freedom of choice.
And, you know, the things that have made society so great where we can be sitting here in front of our computers communicating from all over the world if we wanted to.
I don't think people realize if things get bad enough, we can lose all that.
That can all go away.
And it took hundreds and hundreds of years of hard work to get to this point that we're at.
And so there's no, it's all gas, no breaks.
We got to keep going.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, speaking of things that were earned that we'd have to give up, something I thought I would talk about is the loss of scholarships and opportunities economically for school.
And I came across this really powerful story of an incoming college freshman that was denied admission to a dream school and lost over $200,000 in scholarships because she would not get vaccinated due to pre-existing medical conditions.
She had Gillian Barr syndrome, and that is a very severe condition.
So the fact that they denied her admission after they proposed these mandates is absolutely absurd.
Phoebe, I'm sure you can relate to this story a lot.
Can you tell me about your experience?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, so I had received not nearly as much of what she got in scholarships, but I had received over $50,000 in merit scholarships.
These were given on merit.
I had earned them from my studies and my accomplishments.
It was not need-based.
It was not knee-based, so I had purely earned them because I had put in time and efforts in order to get them.
And they promised me them, right?
First year of college, they promised me, they said, oh, we'll give you this much money.
And the time went on, I had more and more scholarships come in.
And I had caught in them because I earned them.
And then all of a sudden, because I did not comply with their mandates, which were EUA, and you should be given a choice to accept or refuse an EUA product, because I did not comply with what they wanted to, and they had also not made it clear that the testing, which is what happened to me, the testing would be mandated.
You know, I thought I was going good, going clear.
And then suddenly, you know, over, you know, what was it, two, three months, my scholarships are gone.
My education is gone.
My future plans, I was 17 back then, and I had planned out basically 10 years or more into my life going into dental school.
All those plans were dashed.
My relationships that I had built at school with my professors, my mentors, my classmates, I miss them a lot.
But because they're all busy and doing what they do in school,
We don't have that same ability to connect again.
And so those are all the things that I lost just because I did not take a test, which by the way has been proven to be inaccurate.
And it was very devastating for me.
But now that I think of it, and especially with tonight's in talking about the economics, talking about future,
They literally prevented one of their top students in the college from achieving successful education to go on to be a successful worker and, you know, contribute back to society.
And it just does not make sense because that is what a university is about.
It's about bringing up, you know, young adults, young kids to, you know, give them a well-rounded education
so that they in the future can go back to society and they can contribute back to it and build it up, bring it up to a better place and advance what we already have, right?
We're talking about, you know, so much technology innovation, so many different, you know, new things that are being produced.
A lot of it comes from college campuses, but they kicked out one of their top students, and I don't want to brag, but I was in the top 5% of my college at 17.
They removed me because I did not want to take an EUA product.
And it threw off what could have been a very successful, very good contribution to society.
So, that was my experience and I think it's, you know, just devastating what is happening to young students across the nation and it will be very devastating if this continues to happen and we continue to kick out high achieving students just because they made a personal choice.

[SPEAKER_04]
I'm so sorry about TV.
That was, it's so unfair really.
The last topic that I want to talk about before we wrap this up and feel free to button you guys.
And that's the number of people on welfare in the US and other government financial aid programs has increased to 59 million.
And
That is something I actually hear a lot about in college, surprisingly, that kids are, instead of getting a job and looking into their career field, they're saying, and I've heard this from so many people,
No, I don't need to work.
I don't need any of that.
I'll just go on a program.
I'll just get on welfare.
And although they do have eligibility requirements, and this is obviously not all students, that is very worrisome for the future generation, and also it shows our work ethic is diminishing.
it is absolutely it's not encouraging it at all and that's the mentality now it's what is the easiest way to do something and put in the least amount of work and it's become widely popular to leech off of these programs that were not meant to apply to certain students and people that are not in those positions that they were made
that they were made originally for.
So I believe this, there's a lot of people that are unfairly taking advantage of it and that's absolutely, it's really sad.
What do you guys think of that?

[SPEAKER_01]
I mean, I remember seeing people after like the second round of lockdowns, kind of, and the second stimulus, people were like, man, I could use another lockdown.
I could use another month or so off of school and work.
I could use, you know, like people get a $2,000 check.
And especially for like a broke college kid, they're like, oh, $2,000 will last me the rest of the year.
So, you know, it did create a really big problem in society where people, and we know this now, they love to brag about the unemployment rates are so low blah blah blah well that's because so many people aren't looking for work, so then they don't count towards that number.
And more people than ever are working multiple jobs, not even just two jobs.
There's people working three, four jobs.
So we started a little late.
We've ran a little late, but we're going to continue the conversation over on Twitter.
Do we have a slide for the QR code of that or just?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, so there is a Twitter Spaces tonight that is hosted by Silent Survivor.
It's called Doctors Talk Reactivation of Viruses Post-Job and COVID.
So if you want to scan the QR code or use the link that is in the description box, you can head over there and participate in the casual open floor discussion or just simply listen in.
So I would highly encourage you to check that out following this show.
Thank you so much for being patient with us tonight as we worked through many technical difficulties, as well as a tornado on Tyceson.
But we do hope to see you on Twitter Spaces, and once you've joined the room, you also have the opportunity to raise your hand and a mic to chat.
So thank you so much for watching VSRF College Live Edition tonight, and I hope to see you on Twitter Spaces.
Good night.
