[SPEAKER_02]
Hi, this is Phoebe Liu.
I'm a host for the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation's live college edition and welcome to our by weekly Monday show.
Today, today we'll be talking with Mila Raditich, a Stanford and Yale continued medical education student who was severely injured by the COVID-19 vaccine, as well as a special guest, the anonymous founder of Teens Against Mandates.
Tais won't be joining us live tonight, so we'll wish him well.
But before we meet the founder and talk about her experience fighting the mandates and issues that rising college freshmen are facing, as well as the importance of strengthening values for an next generation, VRSF is a 501 safety organization with a mission to end COVID-19 mandates and advance COVID-19 vaccine safety through public education and advocacy of scientific research as well as to provide support to the vaccine injured.
We encourage open and transparent conversations, scientific and medical inquiry and questions, so do ask us questions.
We call for truth and transparency in our colleges so that our fellow students and future generations can receive informed consent and freedom to have education without coercion or mandates.
We support education for all.
So thanks for joining us live on Rumble.
If you would like to ask any questions, please drop them in the comments or in the live chat to your side.
Now for a news flash, let me pull up my screen share.
Hang on tight.
So for a newsflash, last two weeks ago, Biden signed a bill that ended the COVID emergency order.
And this was actually done in the middle of our last live stream.
So it was pretty hilarious.
We were talking about mandates and about the discrimination and exclusion that students were facing.
And Biden dropped the mandate.
Actually, the national emergency, sorry.
And since then, many colleges have quietly dropped their mandates as well, but there are still some colleges mandating.
So if you are a rising college freshman, if you're looking to transfer to a different school or to even check if your school is still mandating, I would recommend you take a look at nocollegemandates.com.
They have an excellent spreadsheet of the colleges that are and aren't mandating.
So this is the spreadsheet and they do keep this updated and you're able to find your college if you simply hit command F. So for me it would be University of Connecticut.
Connecticut.
I guess you don't have me.
Connecticut.
Yukon.
There we go.
I can name it slightly differently.
So line 166 is my school and you can see our current mandate status on here.
Now, for the coming Wednesday, I'd like to share with you guys.
So this coming Wednesday in two days, the Dartmouth alum are hosting a round table on the scientific, legal, and ethical considerations of college mandates.
They have an excellent speaker lineup with RFK Jr., Attorney Erin Seary, Dr. Seema Mahorda, Brooke Jackson, and more great people.
It's April 26th at 3.30pm and this will definitely be a valuable event that's worth your time.
The tickets are available on the website and react19.org slash dartc19 and you can also find the live stream link if you're not able to make it in person.
This is the live stream link and it'll be live this Wednesday at 3 30.
So I will be there in person.
If you're going, please come and say hi to me.
I don't bite.
And if not, I hope to get to see you on the live stream.

[SPEAKER_00]
Wow, that's a very handy tool to be able to look up your school, especially for transferring college freshmen like you said, or even if you're going from a community college to a university, that's going to be very important for what schools to apply to, which one you choose, because I believe everyone's going through that process of choosing which school to go to out of the ones they've been accepted to right now.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, absolutely.
I know a lot of my friends are currently in process of transferring out from their two-year community college into a four-year school.
So that website, nocollegemandates.com, and their spreadsheet is very valuable and definitely very helpful to all students who are currently going to a new college or if they want to check if their college is still mandating since
We know these colleges, they're dropping their mandates very quietly.
There is no, I remember we would get constant emails.

[SPEAKER_00]
It's one word.
It's like it, they change it from mandated to recommended, highly recommended.
I've seen that on a couple of different sites and there's no notification of it.
You just got to look.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, yeah, I know.
And I asked some of my friends who were over at my school, just Yukon, if they had received any notifications that the mandates had been dropped.
And none of them said they received notifications.
So colleges aren't notifying their students that there's no longer any mandates.
So you really have to pay attention for yourself and go look on it.
And don't find yourself in a sticky situation where you are taking something that you really didn't need, right?

[SPEAKER_00]
That wasn't a recommendation.
Why do you think they're dropping them silently?

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, in my opinion, I think that it's almost a admission of wrongdoing.
I know that their narrative right now is that COVID is an endemic.
And there is some consideration going to that over on bringing it to the vaccination schedule.
But I think that they're dropping it quietly so that they don't have to verbally emit
that it was something that was wrong.
And it's reasonable if you play the devil's advocate that COVID is an endemic now and we don't need, it's a recommendation to get your shot.
But yeah, so there's two sides of thought here.
Mine is that they don't want to admit it.
And the second is that they are playing it off as an endemic.
And it really is with the vaccine, not stopping transmission, not preventing death or hospitalization.
So it is a proper recommendation, but a recommendation at best.
Yes.

[UNKNOWN]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_02]
So now I want to introduce you to the anonymous founder of Teens Against Mandates, a medical freedom organization whose mission is to help teens make informed medical decisions.
She's a true hero who's been fighting for our rights since our high school days in Southern California.
So let's bring her on stage now.

[SPEAKER_01]
Thank you so much.
Like you mentioned, I run Teens Against Mandates, which is a medical freedom advocacy organization
And it's been a very powerful experience.
Just a little bit about it.
I started Teens Against Mandates back in October of 2021 after a personal experience when I was volunteering remotely as a teen suicide hotline operator, but was forced to leave when vaccination became a condition of my continued service as a volunteer.
Keep in mind, I was volunteering completely remotely from my bedroom the entire time.
And that experience really made me feel as though I was being forced to choose between my fundamental right to bodily autonomy and like my passion for mental health.
So that feeling of discrimination based on my medical status is unfortunately very familiar to many people who also refused the vaccine.
So yeah, as someone who's been fighting the mandates and censorship alongside you both, I know firsthand how
how hard and how intimidating it can be.
So thank you both for your very admirable work that you guys do and thank you again for having me on tonight.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, sure.
We're very glad that you're here.
And thank you for the compliment, too.
But I just find it so bizarre that you were working for a suicide hotline.
And as we know, mental health issues spiked during the pandemic with the lockdowns, with families being
Housed together at home if there was issues of like domestic violence This would have been a great resource for them and for any you know young people that are struggling with the isolation and The confinement of lockdowns and quarantine and the unknown it was a very unknown situation very new situation and They they cut off one of their supporters

[SPEAKER_01]
Right.
It's a very paradoxical situation where some people just can't
they can't seem to see past something so so personal and such a personal medical decision.
And I think that it's an even bigger issue is that it's being overlooked.
And people are trying to move past that rough patch in our lives when when it was kind of like the height of the pandemic.
But as someone who has personally lost internships and opportunities and friendships over the vaccine, I find it really hard to just move on.
as do so many others.
Yeah, if you've been a victim of medical discrimination, how do you just move on now that society is returning back to normal when something has been stripped of you?
It's really hard to wrap my head around.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, I think it's also the fact that
Maybe people don't want to move on, but it's the cancel culture that's playing a role in here because it's so difficult for people to speak out about things like this, especially when all of their peers, their mentors, just people in general around them, including the laws and the regulations are completely against them.
So creating that external dialogue of like, no, you don't have to conform.
You need to speak up, because these are your rights.
That is so important to get the word out there.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
It's one thing when the government tries to implement discriminatory policies that don't have scientific basis, which they already did.
But how do you handle it when some of your closest friends and family and your own employers are also embracing these policies and disinviting you to holiday dinners and social gatherings?

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, that must have been a social catastrophe for so many people.
But what doesn't make any remote sense to me is the fact that you were working completely online from your bedroom and they still mandated it.
There wasn't any leniency.
There wasn't any workaround.
Like at the very least you'd have to go in person and attend a job.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
I mean, they must have thought that like COVID was transmissible through the computer because I really truly don't know.

[SPEAKER_02]
Oh, it seems like we've lost her.
All right, we'll wait for her to come back.
But yeah, I, you know, as an unvaccinated individual going through the throes of COVID lockdowns, I think we got the blunt end of the stick when it came to discrimination and how we were banned
from a lot of events.
So for me, I was a Mortensen scholar, one of my scholar cohorts, and they had planned special events.
There was one where Yoyo Ma actually came and
We were going to see him as a scholar cohort, but I wasn't able to participate in that because I didn't have a vaccine ID.
Same thing happened when there was a local Met Gala, our cohort was invited and I couldn't join.
Now, mind you, this was events put on specifically for scholars because of their achievements and their participation in school.
And I fulfilled my duties.
As a scholar, I fulfilled the requirements, but I wasn't able to attend just purely on the status of my medical status.
And it felt really hurtful.
at the time um because all my friends were going and I couldn't I had to stay at home while they were enjoying the party enjoying the concert um but I think nowadays thankfully the situation is a little more open people are are more open to understanding that yeah hey um
not everyone is the same but of course there still are this there's there still is a hesitancy to bring it up that oh yeah I did not get my vaccine or oh yeah I have different opinions about it Maya I wonder how how you would bridge that conversation and
start, you know, talking about this controversial subject, especially as a high schooler.

[SPEAKER_01]
And sorry for cutting out, by the way.
And I think your story is absolutely so inspiring, especially to me.
And one of the ways that I approach this concept of bridging the divide and starting to invite people
helping others come over to the side of freedom and bodily sovereignty.
It's one of probably the biggest challenges not to come off as an extremist or like this far right wing conspiracy theorist.
I think it's an art.
Different people respond to different things, test the waters and just put something out there that's kind of mild and see if that gains traction.
I think there's the idea of medical freedom.
And then there's a lot of people within the movement that have lots of ideas for if and why the government was intentionally injuring people and how come public health officials let this go on for so long.
But I think it gets a little sticky there and you'll start to lose people when you start to bring up like possible reasons behind it.
But what we can do is like stick, yeah, like stick to the facts, stick to the fact that
It has a horrific safety profile that people were stripped of their informed consent and their jobs and their families.
And that people really had to keep their vaccination status on the DL or else they would become immediately vilified.
So I think it's in personal connection is probably the best way to go.

[SPEAKER_00]
I'd have to relate to both of you on that, but I believe not only was it the unvaccinated individuals, it was the people that were in between too, because myself and several other like college students and kids and adults were injured from these vaccines.
So the things that we were invited to, we were either not able to attend due to our vaccination status being incomplete
or being sick because so many of us were like at home bedridden even on death row because that's what happened to me and it was just so scary the fact that like hey this might have ruined my life completely I had so many doctors tell me like hey we don't know what's going on with you it may be permanent you might not make it or you'll get better tomorrow it's that uncertainty
And there's so much uncertainty for all of that.
And also not being able to talk about that is absolutely just disheartening.
Yeah, I'm still sorry.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, totally.
Yeah, I know and it's funny because the schools, they would consider you unvaccinated even if you got a shot or two.
If you were not quote-unquote up to date with your schedule, then you were considered unvaccinated and also lumped into where all of the unvaccinated people are on a spectrum.
So, unvaccinated is not truly unvaccinated only, right?

[SPEAKER_00]
Exactly.
There were several individuals I knew that got very big blood clots from the second vaccine and because of that they refused to get the boosters and they had to drop school, work, everything they were doing simply because of that and they were fully vaccinated just not up to date.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
It's just like our schools, well not our schools, sorry, but like our media, when they like to use the label anti-vax, it's such a hot term, but they are honestly mislabeling people.
Some people, you know, there is that group of people who is against all vaccines.
And then there is this group of people that are just against the COVID vaccine.
But everyone is being labeled as anti-vax.
So they're not doing their due diligence with journalism.

[SPEAKER_00]
Isn't aren't they the people that are fighting?
Isn't the media against labels?
You know, in general, the whole movement has has been don't put a label on me.
Don't put me in a box.
Well, that's exactly what they're doing to anyone that doesn't share the same ideas as them or conform or even just take a slightly different opinion.
It's like they immediately try to label you and antagonize you.
And that is going against everything they preach.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, it's very hypothetical.
But that again is the narrative, right?
If you aren't within the narrative, like if your label fits within the narrative, then sure, fine.

[SPEAKER_00]
It has to fit perfectly.
You have a checklist here.
You need to check every single box.
But if you're missing one, you don't count.
And those are the people that usually stay silent too.

[SPEAKER_02]
But I think, Mila, what you brought up earlier about your friends who are vaccine injured connects really well with what the founder just said, which is how do we gently step into telling other people that this vaccine is dangerous and you should take a pause and think about it before you go and get another one.
And I think having stories or like knowing a friend personally who has been injured is really, really strong because then you could go up and can say things like, you know, hey, did you feel anything wrong after you got your vaccination?
Like, how are you doing after you got a vaccine?
Because I have this friend who, you know, was having really bad side effects, X, Y, and Z, feeling the blank of symptoms.
I'm wondering if you are having those too.
And I think it's a good way to open up the floor for discussion because not everyone, not everyone gets a severe injury from the vaccine.
But the fact that the floor is open to know that there are severe injuries helps people reconsider before making a second step to get another shot, another booster.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, there's also, there's a lot of hesitancy from doctors to even diagnose the, sorry.
to diagnose anyone that is vaccine injured.
So there are a lot of people that are popping up with many, like mild to severe conditions that simply weren't there before.
And they're going to their doctor, they're like, hey, what's wrong?
And obviously not everything is caused by the vaccine.
And however, the fact that doctors are hesitant to diagnose or even consider that possibility is
is not going to be well for their treatment, they might not be able to get better because of that.
Misdiagnosis is one of the most dangerous factors that could potentially harm a person.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, and I think a lot of these doctors are kind of restrained by so many gag orders, especially a one that was recently approved, Bill, AB 2098.
that's a bill that it doesn't allow doctors to engage in the spread of misinformation about COVID.
And if they are to advise against the vaccine, then they're threatened with taking away their medical license.
But the truth is that all honest and truthful doctors, they need to have the trust, the doctor-patient trust in that relationship.
But now they're essentially forbidden from recommending against it, which violates, I mean, the Hippocratic oath to not cause harm to their patients when there's a legitimate concern.
And also the Nuremberg Code, which states that there must be informed consent.
So I think it's hard, it's just as hard on the hero doctors as it is on the patients.

[SPEAKER_02]
What if a doctor does not, per se, discourage the COVID vaccine, but he does recommend other modalities of treatment?
Do you know if that causes any complications?

[SPEAKER_01]
I think that they just need to tread lightly.
And I think that alone is a step in the wrong direction.
I think that they should
I certainly wouldn't trust a doctor who had a gag order and who had to repeat an answer that he doesn't truly believe in his heart.

[SPEAKER_00]
And they shouldn't have to tread that careful line because that's just like you said, it creates a sense of mistrust between the patient and the doctor.
And as for that bill that you were talking about, I heard something on it from my doctor, Dr. Wang, who was on the show a couple of weeks ago.
And I'm not sure if it's that specific bill or another one, but they are requiring, in order to get their medical licenses back
or something along those lines, they're requiring the doctors to pay for the lawyer that's going against them on the other side of it.
And that's that's a whole bunch of that's basically a money drive.
And I don't I don't even see how that's legal in any way.
But

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, so this, we had Dr. Huang on one of our previous episodes.
I believe it was 14, episode 14 might have been, or one of the previous episodes.
If you go up and look, you know, VRSF College Edition with Dr. Michael Huang, then you can find it.
But yeah, he really explained that in how this bill works, where if you're found to be a doctor who's spreading misinformation, if you have a court case against you, you have to pay for your own prosecution.
which I found was absolutely crazy and bizarre.
But yeah, that is one of the barriers that they're trying to use to intimidate health professionals to, you know, basically perform malpractice.
It's not a direct force, but it is a very indirect and very pressuring force.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, you touched on one of like my biggest concerns for the future, which is that
So many people have already lost trust in the medical system and clearly the system is not properly operating.
And I don't know if I foresee them regaining that trust anytime soon.
Because between the countless medical scandals and the suppression of life-saving medicines like ivermectin and hydroxychloroquine,
And just like the general mismanagement of the pandemic, I think many people are starting to recognize the corruption that exists in the medical system.
And we know now that the public health agencies, they marginalized those who refused to submit to their mandates and basically told us that like our belonging in society was conditional on compliance to these mandates.
And I have trouble
Understanding like how in good conscience we can trust the agencies whose decision making has been hijacked by political and financial interest.
That's like a very big central issue, I think.
No one's talking about it.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, absolutely.
Don't trust the agency.
Trust the doctors that are really trying to fight against their agency.
The wrong people are in power, at least for the most part.
It's very, for everyone that works under them, it makes it so hard for them to actually perform their duties and their job.
Yes.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_02]
So same thing.
Oh, sorry.
Cut you off.

[SPEAKER_01]
Go ahead.
I think we are the generation.
that'll have to hold these agencies accountable and find a way to disentangle pharmaceutical funding with healthcare guidelines.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, absolutely.
Since we are the next generation going into the workforce, we really have to work hard to make it a safe and a good workplace, as well as a community for those that are surrounding us.
So based on what you've observed, and we talked about this a little earlier too, about how we see more and more people becoming aware that something's not right, what do you think rising college sophomores, sorry, seniors, not sophomores, think about when it comes to COVID.
What do they think about when it comes to COVID in their schools?
What about the vaccine and the mandates?
What have you noticed?

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, I know from firsthand experience from a lot of friends and family that are in college and that are like-minded.
The colleges themselves have become a lot more lax with the, and linear with all of their, their mandates.
But in terms of how like it's, it's affected them and their perspective, they're definitely much more, much more aware.
I think that
people are still a bit uncomfortable with the idea that they might have injected into themselves or forcibly pushed others into injecting into themselves something that may have harmed them.
And a lot of us will shy away from like talking about it at all.
But then there are those of us like those college students who even back before it became a little bit less controversial to choose not to get vaccinated.
They, even back then, there was a lot of data that even lay people had access to who weren't doctors because they saw alternative and dependent media sources.
And they did their own research and looked at the Pfizer trials and resources for themselves.
So I think that's something that they've taken out of this experience is the importance of being self-sufficient.
Because there's no promise that something like this won't happen in the future and that the government will encroach on our rights again.

[SPEAKER_00]
Do your own research.
People need to look at both sides of things.
You can't just blindly trust agencies, organizations, the government.
It is so important to look at, like I said, both sides because even medical things that should only have like, oh, here are the facts.
No, there's two sides to them now.
So you need to know both.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, just to throw in there, an example of this, and this is not entirely COVID or mandate.
you know mandate regarding but I had recently went to RFK's junior's presidential announcement so I was there for the live thing obviously I got to know him through his work in children's health defense and the advocacy and the information wonderful wonderful
wonderfully cited articles that they put out there by doctors and by experts on a vast majority of issues that were faced, including the vaccines, environmental issues, you know, electoral radiation issues.
So I got to know RFK Jr. through that route, but I went to see his presidential announcement in Boston last week.
And following that, I also went on to MSN, so mainstream media, to see what those outlets were saying about RFK Jr.
So I had both a firsthand experience as well as a news research experience.
And then when I saw the news articles, some were just completely slandering him.
And then some had a little bit of truth in them.
just outright attacking him and his character and his mission but for the most part the body and the meat of his announcement was not covered at all in the mainstream media news so I think you know
That's having a look at both sides.
So for me, it was being in person and then going online to see what everybody else was talking about it.
Having this double-sided view really helps you make your own decision.
It helps you become self-sufficient.
It helps you weigh different sides of the messaging that they're putting out there and people are talking about.
And it really comes down to helping you make your own informed decision, your own informed choice, especially since we have a looming 2024 election coming up.
But so one of the things that I found was very interesting, as well as people from the main show, Steve Kirsch and the audience from the main show found was interesting was, you know, fighting this fight anonymously.
I think it's a really unique and also a very powerful protection to have, especially if you're one of those people who say, for instance, we're injured and don't really know how to speak out or feel a little guilt over the situation, how you acted when the emergency was still here.
I think having anonymous protection is almost a benefit.
Um, that you can go out there.
You can ask questions, survey people, um, you know, put out very, um, put out like more controversial topics without fearing like an, a personal attack to your name or your reputation.
So sorry, maybe I'm going to have to step out for a minute.

[SPEAKER_00]
I'm going to have a seizure.
So, okay.

[SPEAKER_02]
All right.
I'll hope you stay safe.
All right, yeah.
So I wanted to ask you, what is it like to fight this, fight anonymously?
What are some highlights of your advocacy?

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, as somebody, as a student who does fight anonymously, I've thought a lot about how others can get active while staying in Cognito.
I think that one way that I personally have
gone about doing that is starting my own Instagram page back in 2021.
And I still post regularly on that.
And I get quite a bit of activity on it and many, like hundreds of DMs every day.
So that's my main outlet.
And then I had been writing weekly articles for the Unity project during my internship with them.
So those are a couple of ways that I've
engaged in the fight anonymously.
I think that also surveys are like a good tool.
Reaching out to Congress people is a great stuff.
But ultimately just going out and connecting with people, finding groups of like-minded people, I actually meet more like-minded people
That are strangers like in an airplane, then I would my in my own friend group.
It's just really.
Yeah, we're all very like We're all just we're among each other, but we just are too afraid to be vocal about that.
So

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, it definitely takes some guts to, you know, start speaking about it, but wow, that's crazy.
You meet more people that are like my dude on the airplane than in your friend group.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's really funny because I started doing the same thing recently too, where, you know, I'm college age, so people will come and ask me, you know, oh, how's college going?
And then I can tell them, oh, I was actually kicked out of school.

[SPEAKER_01]
And they're like, wait, what?

[SPEAKER_02]
Because it's not a common thing for people to talk about or to be proud of.
Not that I really am proud of, you know, being kicked out of school, but it's a gateway opener.
Yeah, it's a great icebreaker.
Yeah, like I was quote unquote kicked out of school because my school would honor choices that I made for my own body and to protect my body and what I'm comfortable with.
in this hopes, this actually opened up a conversation between a couple of friends I had and talked to in years and turns out that they also did not want to get their shots in the beginning.
But they ended up getting it.
But we're really, you know, we're similar because we both have this, you know,
How can I say, like, we disagree with the mandates and we could, you know, stand on that common ground.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
I'm lucky enough to have very supportive friends, maybe not like minded, but at least supportive.
And I think I've gotten more support from them than like anybody else.
when I say what I'm doing, when they ask, oh, what are you writing?
And I say, oh, it's an article for so and so.
And I just feel very blessed to have found people who may not agree with me on that level, but they still have that fundamental respect for my own beliefs and my own bodily autonomy.

[SPEAKER_02]
That's excellent.
I think you'll definitely lose some friends, but you'll also find out who genuinely cares about you, no matter what your opinions are or what you think about them, but they care about you as a person.
And of course you'll find many more new friends when you start networking and going to events which again children's health defense has been excellent for that because they have many local chapters or state-by-state chapters and they host events so you can actually go and visit them and find more like-minded people.
which is actually how I started when I went public and just seeing the mass of people that were actually behind us and supporting us was very empowering and very encouraging to me that I made the right decision.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, I think that's a great way for also people who want to stay anonymous.
A great way for them to like get out there and meet other people who feel
the same way.
But you mentioned something that reminded me.
I feel that the sentiment that it's a pandemic of the unvaccinated, it trickled down from the highest ranks of leadership from Fauci and Biden and Justin Trudeau, along with a lot of other people.
And our closest friends and family turned on us because the government told them to.
and said we were selfish and irresponsible.
And I think that's probably the scariest part.
That was probably the scariest part to me.
Seeing my own siblings lose their best friends over this.
Feeling excluded at parties because everyone was having a conversation that I did not agree with.
Or being the only person to have to get a COVID test because I wasn't vaccinated in order to attend Lightcom.
It's yeah people were complicit and they still are and many people continue to distance themselves and if you've lost friends over like your immunological status it's how do you just move on and how yeah it's it's it's been really hard for me and a lot of other people yeah

[SPEAKER_02]
Definitely, it's not easy at all.
It's a very tough, challenging time, I think, globally, how widespread it is and how everyone went through this, no matter where you are on a spectrum.
sincerely you cannot dismiss the fact that we all went through a pandemic together.
Whether you were unvaccinated, whether you got a couple of shots, whether you're fully boosted, whether you still agree with the mandates or not, you know, we all went through a pandemic and it took a toll on us as a community.
But again, that just goes back to, you know, taking toll and the fact that you got removed from your job as a, you know, mental health worker.
I find that, you know, very, very backwards and almost very saddening that so many people missed out on a resource, you know, a person who could support them.
But I think, again,
this power of anonymity is really great because people can start testing the waters and then feeling what the environment is like out there with people of a different group.
If you're not fully over the line of going public and sharing your opinions with everybody,
with your friends and family, right?
You can do so anonymously and then find out, oh, what are those people like or learn from them?
How do they fight their fight?
What are, you know, can I draw, pick some ideas off their brains and then turn into something that I can do anonymously without feeling myself.
I was thinking, you know, last, last episode we had on Hannah and she was also someone who struggled with the same thing of, you know, coming out publicly being very public about their status and their advocacy.
And she did stickers on her campus.
which I thought was really great.
So she would create stickers that had a different message on them.
And she would go put them up on campus, on elevator doors, on electric poles, on doors.
And it's anonymous on both sides, both the person who put up the stickers and the person who views them.
You can form your own thoughts over that.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, I think that's a really great way to reach people, since it's such a controversial, heated topic, unfortunately.
I don't understand why it should be.
It's personal medical freedom, but unfortunately it is.
And I can definitely relate to the people who kind of abstain from coming out in a certain way, because all it will take
is one Google search and then your name is associated with like anti-vax and maybe other labels that you would rather not be associated with.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
So I think what you do online having the social media account is a great way to start dipping your toes into the water and putting out information that you care about without putting your own identity at risk.
Do you have any other ideas on what students can do to start testing the waters?

[SPEAKER_01]
I think that something else that
that could be a good idea is starting like a group chat that could be totally anonymous over like telegram or some other platform that's like that and kind of just like to have each other and to text updates, especially like specific to their college campus or their school so that they can keep each other in the loop because a problem has been that everyone feels like they're left in the dark and colleges aren't notifying them.
when they're dropping mandates.
And they're not aware of certain bills being passed and what their rights really are.
So a group chat would be a great idea.
Or I know colleges like UChicago has their own independent free speech newspaper called the Chicago Thinker, which Bibi and I discussed a little bit outside of this, outside of today.
But I think that's a great, another great way to like,
to get people to hear you out.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, definitely.
So I think that's a great newspaper.
There's also more places where you can write your story or have your story, you know, read out loud or share opinion and facts that are more controversial.
Another one would be the no college mandate substack.
So I've made a guest post on there as well.
For me it was done under my name since I was okay with that.
I believe you did too, right?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
Yeah.
And I assume that was not with your name or face or any of your identity.

[SPEAKER_01]
No, it was completed.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
So that's also another great place to reach out to no college mandates if you would like to share your opinion to a wide audience, to a college audience.
There are other forms that you can do which is to put up flyers
with perhaps a survey or a QR code to a group chat where you can have open conversations and keep each other updated on what the status is at with schools and their mandates.
So I think those are wonderful ideas.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, definitely.
I love the stickers idea.
I think that's really funny.
No, because people look at those.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, they do.
They really do look at stickers.
They look at posters.
They look at signs.
So that's a great way to start putting the message out there and just like drip, drip, drip some more information and planting these seeds in students' minds without having to expose yourself per se.
There was another one that I thought about, which was the FOIA, so Freedom of Information Act.
And this isn't so much as bridging the divide, but it's more so figuring out where your college is, why they made mandates, you know, what sort of information did they use to create their mandates, what caused them to implement and enforce these mandates.
And Ben and us, we did an episode a few weeks ago, two weeks ago, where we talked about how to fly your school and find these internal emails and documents on, you know, discovering how they got their funding, how they got their money.
What was their actual mission and purpose besides behind creating these mandates?
And as you would think, you know,
It should have been public health, and it should have been to keep the community safe.
But just take, you know, the founder's case, for example, she was removed from an occupation that was a health care occupation, right?
So it wasn't about public health.
For Tice and his school, they found out that there was a comment made that, you know, the President Hugh was all about the cash.
It wasn't all about the safety of students or the health of students.
It was all about the cash.
And they found out, you know, how money was dispersed, whether it was for block parties, for vaccine laudries.
So they found all of this through Freedom of Information Acts and public record requests, which I think is a good way for students to start investigating their schools and become almost a, you know, solo project veritas.

[SPEAKER_01]
I think I really relate to what you said, especially with my personal experience having been kicked out of the suicide hotline.
I can attest, and especially being remote, I did not pose like a safety hazard.
And it's clear that it really wasn't for safety or for
to protect health.
It was about control.
And that's what is so scary about it.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, absolutely.
Mila, are you there?
OK, we'll wait for Mila to come back.
I know she had a couple of things prepared as we close today.
But I also want to, you know, talk about, I'm curious if you'll ever, how can I phrase this?
So I'm wondering if you have any plans to become an advocate publicly or if you'll ever go public with this?

[SPEAKER_01]
The only thing holding me back is that as of right now, and as someone that's 17 and still a minor, I haven't even graduated high school yet, I just don't feel comfortable putting my name out there.
And I don't know how my stance is going to change in 10 years from now and what I would regret putting out there at such a young age.
And I worry about losing my credibility down the line.
And unfortunately, the media loves to smear everybody for not sticking to whatever mainstream narrative is popular at the time.
But at a certain point, I really hope that maybe I will be bold enough to not be anonymous and to put my name out there and be as brave as both of you.

[SPEAKER_00]
I don't think it's a matter of being brave enough to like you have your own circumstances to consider and It's in due time if if your circumstances allow it.
I know you'll take that chance.
So it's a
not everyone has the ability to put their face out there i know for a while i absolutely did not want to because of the stigma of being associated with anti-vax but then also like oh my god um chronically ill that kind of stuff um so
your reasons are completely valid.
And the fact that you've been doing all of this work and keeping your title and your name, all of that anonymous is actually, I think it's better.
Um, yeah, especially in your situation, but also it's, you're still doing the work.
It's, it's not it.
Yeah.
So you've done a lot of great work.
I'm happy we had you on the show.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, you definitely have a very unique angle and a very powerful angle at that.
I'm coming on anonymously, like how I was, you know, mentioning earlier how you're able to put out more controversial or fringe subjects if you wanted that, right?
So I think
We're coming together in this fight from different angles and it's very important to have people who are both able to go out and speak publicly, as well as people who are like that identity protection and that anonymity to be able to put out more controversial things or to start reaching out to a wider audience without
both the audience feeling like they're talking to somebody personally but as well as for the person behind it to feel comfortable talking to those people and to put out you know subjects that they might not in real life in person.
So I think it's a very powerful thing.
But yeah, everybody is different.
And everybody is in a different stage of putting their toes in the water.
Some people aren't able to take this sleep, but some are.

[SPEAKER_00]
But whether or not you come out publicly or not, being able to
band together to stand up for yourself and your own rights in whatever way that may be.
That is so significant.
And such an important step to moving forward past all of these mandates and the consequences that have come from them.

[SPEAKER_01]
It definitely has its advantages staying anonymous.
But I mean, I really applaud you both for not being anonymous.
It's very comforting seeing young people be one of the faces of this movement.
And I just feel so lucky to have been connected to you guys.

[SPEAKER_02]
Thank you.
We're very glad to be working with you too.
And I'd like to invite you to stay after a little while so we can brainstorm some stuff on how we can further bridge this divide and close the gap.
But Mila and the founder, do you guys have any last comments or things that you'd like people to take home with them?

[SPEAKER_00]
I'm going to put this on you.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, I do have one question.
And it's kind of you touched on the concept of like community earlier on.
And I feel like the Pfizer vaccine, it was like authorized for emergency use.
And it was heavily marketed as offering a communal benefit of protection before it was even tested for preventing transmissibility that was admitted by one of the Pfizer directors.
And that would remove the entire legal basis for the COVID mandates.
So what are your thoughts on that and how still millions of people felt coerced to get vaccinated because of the slogan that we do it for others?
when it turns out to not have been true and still it's like kind of like brushed under the under the rug so to speak and people are being very forgiving and just you know like we do it for others like that slogan do you think that's like healthy or do you think that it was harmful?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, so you're talking about herd immunity.
And this was, I think one of the first things that we learned in my biology class, I was a biology major.
So this was one of the first things that we learned about the whole R0 and the sample size and how fast diseases could transmit.
With this in particular to the COVID situation,
I think the herd immunity was an absolute lie because they had not proven that it could prevent any transmission.
So technically, we don't know whether or not if you got the vaccine, whether or not you could still transmit it.
They weren't able to prove that.
So then that leads to the herd immunity thing not even being a consideration.
However, they use this as a talking point to manipulate and to shame people into getting the vaccine.
The concept of her immunity sounds really good.
But the issue lies within that it doesn't work that way.
And I think it was quite harmful to people who, to all sorts of people, because our bodies and our health come first before anything.
If you are not healthy and if you are not capable of performing everyday tasks, then you're severely limited to how you can
connect with your community and how you can live your daily life without impairment.
So this messaging caused people to sacrifice their own individual health and put other people before them and it was almost like a doormat scheme.
Do it for other people, don't do it for yourself.
whereas in mental health, especially in mental health, we know that we have to take care of our bodies, ourselves first, both mentally and physically, in order to help other people.
So people weren't considering their own bodies and their own health before helping other people.
And there was other ways to provide protection all along that did not have to do with the vaccine.
There was other modalities of protection, such as the whole social distancing, the masking, the gloves, staying home when you're sick, which some I disagree with, or at least would only practice to an extent because it also does impair
yourself um but
Yeah.
Yeah, exactly.
So there was other modalities of protection, but that was, you know, that was not loud.
That was very quiet ever since the vaccine came out.
Before the vaccine, it was a lot of distancing and washing hands and masking, all of those things.
That was a big topic.
And then after the vaccine, it was the big topic was get the vaccine for the sake of others, which I think is harmful.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, it was like isolation in a different way.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
It was, I think it was very mentally harmful to people who, you know, had wanted to consider other modalities.
Like a lot of people didn't feel like they needed the vaccine.
Like a lot of my friends feel like they didn't need the vaccine, but they got it anyways for the greater good to get back to normal, to protect their grandparents, protect those families.
Yeah, absolutely.
So does that answer your question?

[SPEAKER_01]
It does.
I really love that perspective.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
Okay.
Great.
Excellent.
Where can we follow you and your organization?

[SPEAKER_01]
So my Instagram handle is teens dot against dot mandates to because it was shadow banned a couple of times, but

[SPEAKER_02]
So you have, let me just pull up my screen share so we can take a look at it and make sure that we get the right one, because I think I showed the main one, but I am not sure if, is this the correct one?

[SPEAKER_01]
It's that with a two.

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay, with a two.
Ah, this one.

[SPEAKER_01]
That's it.
Yes.

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay.
Great.
Well, let me hit follow.
So I'm following you now.
And yeah, thank you so much.
You've got great content on here.
And everyone, if you would like to keep updated with the founder and her movement, I would also recommend you to follow their Instagram so that you can stay tuned in to everything that is happening around colleges and around the COVID situation.

[SPEAKER_01]
Thank you so much.
Yeah, of course.

[SPEAKER_02]
so with that we are a little bit over the hour um and i would just like to say you know oops multi-tasking here yeah um but yeah we're a little bit over time tonight but thank you so much for joining us tonight and helping to move this message forward i think it's very wonderful what you do and the power and the you know
advantage that you have for being anonymous that you're really able to dip into a lot of things where people who go public might be hesitant to speak about.

[SPEAKER_01]
Well thank you so much for having me and it was a real honor being a part of the conversation.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah absolutely.
I wish you the best in your advocacy endeavors and keep on pushing strong.

[SPEAKER_01]
I love you too.

[SPEAKER_02]
OK, OK.
So that was a great show tonight.
She was wonderful and talked about really interesting stuff about how to bridge our divide and get more students involved in this fight.
If you found this episode helpful, please hit the thumbs up, and you can leave a comment, as well as share with friends and family.
So thank you for watching.
Beers have a college life edition tonight.
And I hope to see you again in two weeks.
Good night, everyone.
