[SPEAKER_23]
Hello, my name is Klaus, the Situation Schmarp.
This Christmas, cuddle up with your loved ones while you enjoy a delicious holiday feast of new ferns and crunchy crickets and pop in a very special collection of songs.
The word enslavement for whom presents Waxmas it's 23.
I'm dreaming of a crate, the reset
Like communism just in smart This gene-selection and eye-detection and tone Surveillance everywhere
Last Covid, I gave you my check But for every new stash, you had to refresh This year, a new pandemic is here Get ready for forced injections
On the fifth day of lockdown, my government gave me five stinky masks, four Covid tests, three boosters, two Huzaldan deaths, and attempted genocide.
Police at your door.
Police at your door.
Police at your door, going your own food is not allowed anymore.
You better not ask or lift an eyeball, why people are dying suddenly now.
Cancer Claus is coming to town.
I don't want a lot for Christmas.
Just control humanity Maybe release new hybrid species Like a monkey, manatee I just want to hold the world Every tree and every bird That is my goal All I want for Christmas is your soul
Great.
What is this?

[SPEAKER_21]
We don't want a lot for Christmas.
Just leave us the f*** alone.
Go hang out with your lizard buddies.
And have some fresh and drenel crayons.
I see you in on me.
And I swear total resistance to you with everything I've got.

[SPEAKER_28]
Go f*** yourself.

[SPEAKER_21]
Is that clear?

[SPEAKER_28]
Hey, Mom.

[SPEAKER_21]
This is a larger sigh on our human psyche.

[SPEAKER_03]
The vaccine coming straight from the Fosalad.
A healthy body don't surrender to the jab.

[SPEAKER_21]
Debt business is done by murdering millions of people.
Oh, easy there, buddy.
I want everybody to stop dying.

[SPEAKER_20]
All we want for Christmas is a global human resistance.
Is to be free.

[SPEAKER_04]
Tonight on VSRF Live, Steve Kirsch is joined by attorney and co-founder of We The Patriots, Brian Festa, along with retired Marine Corps major and attorney, Dale Saran.

[SPEAKER_15]
It's important to note that a lot of people had religious qualms about taking these and military, you know, had lots of injunctions against it.
It just did not handle this well at all.
And, you know, the secretary of defense let go of some 70 to 100,000
National Guardsmen and so that's you know that's almost 10% of the National Guard and you know I heard earlier general talking about the total force and all of this but you know they sacked somewhere north of 85,000 we don't we don't have exact numbers you know that the DOD hasn't been
entirely forthcoming.
But once Congress rescinded, there was this commitment to, hey, we're going to fix it and do right by these people, but they haven't.
And so I think the recruiting woes are going to continue until someone over there realizes that we have a volunteer force.
These are not conscripts.
These are your fellow citizens.
This isn't the Roman Empire here.
And so until and unless we get the trust that's been broken fixed, no one's going to come back.

[SPEAKER_04]
Good evening and welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm Livio Sanchez.
Tonight we will be discussing the legal fight against tyranny in the courts.
We just watched retired US Marine Corps Major Dale Saran during a recent appearance on Fox.
He represented Marines who refused the controversial anthrax vaccine.
And since 2021, he's brought several class action lawsuits on behalf of service members who refused the COVID-19 injectables.
Dale will be joining us later to discuss the health freedom rights of military service members.
We'll also talk with civil rights attorney Brian Festa.
Brian is co-founder of We The Patriots, a nonprofit defending constitutional rights through nonpartisan advocacy and litigation.
Both Brian and Dale will have some great insights into what's working in COVID litigation strategies.
First, I want to bring on our very own nurse, Angela.
Hi, Angela.
Welcome to VSRF Live.

[SPEAKER_05]
Hey, Livio.
So great to see you.

[SPEAKER_04]
You too.
Happy holidays.

[SPEAKER_05]
Thank you.
Same to you.
You look very festive.

[SPEAKER_04]
I thought I'd bust out a little red flannel and replace my Buddha with a little poinsettia just for the seasons just to get in the spirit.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yes.
Very nice.

[SPEAKER_04]
So this is the last show of the year.
How about that?
It's been quite a 2023.

[SPEAKER_05]
It has been.
I cannot believe we're at the end of the year.
We've made so many great strides.
It's been a difficult year, but we're here.
We've done a lot.
We have a lot more to do, and I'm so excited for the new year.

[SPEAKER_04]
I have a little announcement to make that we sent out earlier.
We are excited to announce that a very generous donor has offered to match all gifts to VSRF up to $25,000 and we've already raised $10,000 towards our $25,000 match goal.
So now is the time to double the impact of your donation and get that tax deduction before December 31st.
donations will help ensure that VSRF can continue the work we're doing into 2024.
Angela, I want to ask you, can you reflect back on what 2023 has been like for you and what you hope for in 2024?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, well, as I said, it's been really rough, but we've made great strides.
It's just been my pleasure, thanks to all of our generous donations that I've been able to help out the hundreds of vaccine injured this year alone.
And, you know, our entire team donates much of their time, but it's thanks to all of our viewers, all of our supporters that have been able to keep us going with this important work.
And, you know, I'm just so grateful, Olivia, because being able to come for a vaccine injured, get them the right doctors, the right tests and get them on their way to feeling better, there's nothing, there's no better feeling than to be able to do that.
And I know when I was first vaccine injured, there was nobody in that role.
So even now, three years later, you know, the doctors and the hospitals don't have anybody helping the vaccine injured.
You know, the most that they get is, you know, we're going to refer you to a specialist and you'll have to wait either six months up to two years to see a doctor.
So I just want to thank all of you from the bottom of my heart for all you've done to help those suffering and we will need your continued support to keep going in 2024.
And we promise to continue bringing the best guest every week and
continuing to take care of all of the vaccine injured all over the world.
We have patients literally all over the all over all the continents.
And so we need to continue on with this really important work.
And I want to thank everybody for all the wonderful emails of holiday wishes.
2024 has big things in store.
And we would definitely not have been able to get this far without you.
So we look forward to seeing you in the new year.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, and if you're thinking about it, now is the time because your dollar is actually two dollars for us.
So any amount will help and go a long way.
And it's gotten quite personal for me.
I've got friends now who are dealing with different kinds of injuries, including like turbo cancers that just showed up out of nowhere and to listen to them and the struggle that they're going through.
They still don't really want to talk about the possible connection and really hard for them to even fathom what's happening to them.
And they're relatively young.
So we really want to keep pushing forward because I think more people will keep showing up and questioning and wondering what's happening to them going into 2024.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_05]
And I think because we advocate so much and we're out there, you know, I've seen a lot of change in the last year.
I was just at Stanford last week and a doctor taking care of the vaccine injured a year ago, he's definitely changed his course in the last year.
And there's universities that are studying us.
So we are making great progress.
We have a long ways to go, but we've accomplished so much in such a short period of time.
So I'm excited for 2024.
I'm ready to put this year behind us and move forward.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
Well, thank you for all the work you do, Angela.
And I look forward to seeing you again in the new year.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yes.
Thanks, Livio.
Good to see all of you.
Happy holidays.
Happy new year.

[SPEAKER_04]
OK.
I want to remind everyone that we will be having our live Q&A tonight towards the end of the show.
So please put your questions in the chat.
And remember to start with question in all caps.
And so our team can see it and get their, your questions to me so I can try to answer them for you.
You can also make a donation by using the super chat feature and we'll do our very best to get your question asked and answered.
Now then I'd like to bring on our founder of VSRF, Steve Kirsch.
Stand by one second.
I've got to do one quick thing here.
All right.
Hey, Steve, how are you?
Oh, you're muted.

[SPEAKER_14]
Okay, I'm there you are.
Happy holidays, Steve.
How are you?
I got the best Christmas present ever today.
And it's not even Christmas.
What was that present?
I got a note from an epidemiologist in New Zealand.
And he was looking at this New Zealand data that I released to the world.
Interesting.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
What did he have to say?

[SPEAKER_14]
Well, this is just today.
Yeah, I just got this notification today.
And he did this analysis.
And it showed that the mortality of young kids after dose three
was like 10 X higher than normal.
And I said, hmm, that's interesting.
Let me check that.
I checked it.
I started with dose one.
I started at 30 to 39 year olds.
Okay.
These people are dying in a year after the vaccine at a rate never before seen before.
In New Zealand, never!

[SPEAKER_04]
Never!
They refuse to go and look at it and get to the bottom of it.
When lives are at stake, it's maddening.
Instead, they're worried about how the data was obtained.
It's like if people are dying at this rate, especially young people, I don't understand why they won't look at it.

[SPEAKER_14]
I can't, I guess I figured it out now because the death rates are higher than they've ever been in the history that I have.
And I've got it going till 2010.
So in 12 years, the death rates have never been this high and it's only in the first year after the shot.
Then it returns to less than normal.
Wow.
What a coincidence.

[SPEAKER_04]
So does this person in New Zealand, do they have any pull to go back to the government and say, hey, can we put a magnifying glass on this information?

[SPEAKER_14]
Oh, of course.
Look, nobody's going to listen.
They don't, they, in New Zealand, it's like, do what we say.
Trust us.
Don't look at the data for God's sake.

[SPEAKER_04]
They spend all their time trying to debunk.

[SPEAKER_14]
Anyway, this is, this is so, so, so clear.
Like I don't have to do any, any kind of cohort analysis now.
I'm just going to apply this to dose one, dose two, dose three, dose four.

[SPEAKER_04]
This, this is what your analysis comes up with.
Now I am in heaven.
Now this is causing a lot of injury.
We've, I'm going to bring on our first guest tonight, Brian Festa.
Hello, Brian.

[SPEAKER_03]
Happy holidays, and welcome to VSRF Live.
Hi, thanks so much for having me.

[SPEAKER_04]
I'm going to read a little bio before we show the trailer to a film you produced called Shot Dead.
You are the co-founder of We the Patriots, which focuses on defending constitutional rights through nonpartisan advocacy and litigation.
You're a passionate civil rights attorney.
with involvement in health freedom activism that sparked by your son's serious reaction to a flu shot.
You produce, as I mentioned, the documentary shot dead, which I'll show the trailer for in a minute or in a second.
And you also travel the nation speaking about the work of we, the Patriots USA.
You've made several appearances at Clay Clark's reawaken America tour.
You've been seen, you have been seen as a guest on dozens of broadcasts, including the Glenn Beck program, the Charlie Kirk show,
conservative review with Daniel Horowitz and Steve Bennett's war room.
So you've been busy.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, you know, it's never slowed down.
We founded this organization in 2020.
Although my business partner, Don and I, she and I were involved in medical freedom activism for years.
She's got like 21 years of experience in this because of her own experience of the vaccine injury.
I've got about a decade going back to my son's vaccine injury, as you mentioned from the flu shot.
So what COVID did, which was the silver lining in the COVID cloud, I'll call it, is that it did wake a lot of people up to the dangers of all vaccines.
This is not just a COVID thing.
That's what we're focusing on.
That's what's causing the most devastation.
This is the worst shot we've ever seen by far.
However,
People like my son who have permanent neurological and immunological disabilities have unfortunately suffered the consequences long before 2021 when this shot rolled out.
So I wish we didn't have to win and wake people up this way.
I said that back in early 2021 before the shots were ever released.
I said, I remember I was in an interview with my good friend Ricky Verandis on the Ripple Effect podcast and I said,
You know, I think that, um, I think we're going to win because of how devastating the shot is going to be, but I don't want to win this way.

[SPEAKER_04]
Right.
Yeah.
Well said.
Uh, I'm going to play the trailer from shot dead and then I'll leave you to, uh, you with Steve to have a longer conversation.
So here comes the trailer for shot dead.

[SPEAKER_19]
We would hope that family members who are responsible for the children will realize that and will be enthusiastic about getting their children vaccinated.

[SPEAKER_22]
We are recommending COVID-19 vaccination.

[SPEAKER_21]
COVID-19 vaccination is safe and effective for children.

[SPEAKER_07]
They kept pushing that it was safe, effective, and do it for Grandma and Grandpa.
It can help keep you and your family safe from severe illness or death.

[SPEAKER_21]
It was 112 days.
From the day she got the shot to the day she died was 112 days.
Little over three months.

[SPEAKER_16]
For your neighborhood, for your country, it's South Corny, but it's a patriotic thing to do.

[SPEAKER_21]
For those 11 hours she was alive, it was terrible.
It was absolutely terrible.

[SPEAKER_08]
So I took them to take the first shot.
Five days later, my neighbor, he called me, Mr. Can I take the boys to eat with my vegetable?
She took them to the park, they got off the truck, and took off running across parking lots every collapse.

[SPEAKER_21]
Tonight is about a celebration for Trista, missing her, loving her, but at the same time, we want to fight what kills her.
But these people need to be stopped.

[SPEAKER_07]
I don't understand how everybody is just sitting back and letting them do this.

[SPEAKER_14]
That was awesome.
How's the movie done?

[SPEAKER_03]
It's been very well received.
We've got, I think we just hit, or we're just about to hit this morning, 500,000 views on Rumble alone.
It's it's gotten a lot of traction.
It's it's a movie We never wanted to make Steve as you know, this isn't I didn't this was our first feature film that we made this year and I didn't ever want to have to make this film But I think it needed to be made it needed to be recorded It just came out November 9th and like I said we in just about you know, whatever it's been six weeks We've got about a half a million views, but and that's with heavy heavy censorship.
I mean
You know, we can't get this thing shared in Facebook, Twitter, anything else.
And and yet still we have a half a million views.
I'd say that's pretty good.

[SPEAKER_14]
No, that's that is really awesome.
Congratulations.
How did you fund it?

[SPEAKER_03]
We funded it through the generosity of our donors.
Originally, Jason and Avery, who are the videographers, filmmakers, very, very talented team that we met through Taryn Gregson, who we love.
She's our podcast host, A Faithful Freedom with Taryn Gregson.
Jason and Avery originally had put my name and my business partner Don's name in the credits as
Made possible by Brian and Don I said take that out made possible by the we the Patriots USA donors and so at the beginning opening and closing credits You'll see that in there because as you know running a non-profit like this like yours You don't do anything without the donors Everything goes back to donors and I just want to say Steve, you know since I have the opportunity just a few minutes with you here I want to thank you for everything you've done.
I've never met you personally You were on our podcast, but that was with Teran not with me
And she's a better face for our organization than I am.
But I always say I was born with a face for radio.
But regardless, I am so appreciative of the work that you do because that helps the work that we do.
We file litigation, but without research, we can't do the litigation.
If we don't have the evidence, if we don't have the data, we can't do anything in court.

[SPEAKER_14]
So I- You're gonna love this data, this new data.
You're gonna love this.

[SPEAKER_03]
I can't wait to see it.
I want to encourage everybody.
I know I'm on here to talk about my own organization, promote my own work, but I do want to encourage everybody to make a donation to your organization because it's so important for the litigation.
If we're going to win in the court, you've got to fund this research.
And with that,
I'll say please also consider a donation to our work, because it takes both.
So if you have $50 to give, if you can give $25 to Steve and $25 to me, or if you have a lot more than that to give, give half to him and half to me, and then give until it hurts.
Because ultimately, what's going to hurt a lot more, Steve, is if we lose all of our freedoms, we lose all of our rights, mandates become the law of the land, which is what they're trying to do.
It's going to hurt a heck of a lot more than any giving.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah.
Um, well, how much did it, I'm curious, how much did it cost to fund a movie?

[SPEAKER_03]
So the movie itself was about $50,000, which that's awesome, which is not a lot, but that is not a lot for a small organization like ours.
It was a lot to take that because we didn't make any money off the film.
We still haven't made any money off of it.
So that's pretty much like a loss.
However, it's worth it because we had to make this.
I mean, even if those, that was our last dollar.
we had to make this film so it's preserved for history.
But yeah, I mean, I mean, listen, it's all transparent.
We're a nonprofit.
As you know, I've got to file tax returns that are publicly accessible.
So if you look into our tax returns, you'll see our operating budget is less than a million.
We're not one of these organizations that has $50 million, $100 million.
I'd love to be.
I'd love if one of your listeners is out there and they want to fund, they're inspired by this conversation and they want to give you a nice, healthy donation and then come in and give us one too.
Let's grow together because I would love to partner with your organization.
I told your team that I'd love to promote your work among our members, our followers.
And that's even if you choose not even if you can't promote everything we do.
I want to promote what you do.
This isn't, you know, this isn't a you scratch my back out scratchers.
I'm going to promote scratch your back regardless of whether you scratch ours because I believe in this cause.
My son has to live.
He's got autism.
He's got pans.
He's got mitochondrial disorder, autoimmune encephalitis.
He has to live with a multitude of disabilities the rest of his life crippled by these disabilities because of the pharmaceutical industry.
And that's why I started
this organization and I am committed to this cause, even if my organization does not long endure, I will be committed personally as an activist for this cause.

[SPEAKER_14]
So I'm very curious now, because a lot of parents look the other way when they're notified that the vaccines caused your child's injury.
And they'll refuse to believe it because if they believe it, then they find themselves too guilty.
to go on.
You overcame that.
How did you overcome that?
And when did you find out that vaccines caused all of these symptoms that you just rattled off?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, you know, believe it or not, we were just like everyone else, following the CDC schedule, whatever the doctor told us, the pediatrician told us, we just followed, because I'm not a doctor.
I'm not going to question an MD, right?
So we did that.

[SPEAKER_14]
That's what they always tell me.
Don't question the MDs.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right.
Well, I do now, but I mean, so we had received information.
Actually, my brother had sent articles to my wife about
uh, aborted fetal cells being used in vaccines.
And we, we both thought that was kind of crazy.
She thought, no, that's not, there's, there's no way this was like a decade ago.
Like I said, there's no way that's crazy.
Now, my wife has a research background, a medical and science background.
She looked into it and found out it was true.
And so that kind of started her down the rabbit hole But we had we had already seen changes in my son shortly after he received his shots because he received more than just a flu shot There were some shots before that but that was sort of the tipping point and there were drastic changes lost his speech lost a lot of motor skills started focusing on things like running water and and
And when he was diagnosed to age three, the developmental pediatrician tried to give us this line that he has classic autism.
He was just born with it.
And my wife's like, he was not in both of us looked at each other.
He was not born like this.
He was actually meeting and exceeding his developmental milestones prior to receiving the shots.
And then it went straight down.
And I'm sorry, I know they say correlation doesn't
correlation does not equal causation.
And I'm so sick of hearing that over the years that I've been involved with this.
But when you have thousands upon thousands, millions of parents worldwide telling the same story, I had a healthy child.
I gave him these shots.
And then he was disabled.
You cannot tell me that there isn't a link there.
And the science has shown it.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr, a friend of mine has shown this.
has, you know, released this data.
You've done excellent work since you founded this and revealed to the world the truth about the COVID shot and other vaccines.
I love what you were talking about in New Zealand.
I've been following that.
Good job on, hey, you know, you've arrived in this movement when you get a hit piece by Durit Rubenstein.
I saw her hit piece earlier today.
She's written them about us too and about me.
So don't worry about it.

[SPEAKER_14]
She's Oh, she wrote one on me today.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, there's one.
I don't know if it was released today or yesterday.
But your New Zealand data and she claims that you're, you know, fudging it and all this.
It's a bunch of nonsense.
I mean, listen, she I don't know if she
you know, she's a law professor apparently, but I don't know that she's ever practiced or anything like that.
But she's definitely not a statistician.
She's definitely not a medical doctor.
She has no qualifications.
She's not a research scientist.
She has absolutely no qualifications to be speaking about this data and whether or not it's accurate.
And of course, I do believe that over 10 million or
I think one of your reports said as many as 13 million have died as a result of these shots in New Zealand.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, it's super tragic.
But I think this New Zealand data, when people see what it's doing, especially to kids,
they're going to hold these people accountable, and not just in New Zealand, but worldwide.
Because this New Zealand data is ground truth, and we've never seen this kind of a mass release of data, because we can do all sorts of cool analyses to it to show
that these vaccines have been harming people.
No doubt about it.
I'm getting WhatsApp messages right now from this epidemiologist in New Zealand, as we're speaking.
It's quite stunning.
So let me get back to, though, your work.
You do all of this for people.
It's all pro bono.
work that you do.
Where are you getting the funding from to do this?
Because it is so hard.
You know, if you change your kind of viewpoint to match the narrative and go safe and effective, people will throw money at you.
You'll have tens of millions of dollars.
But if you try to tell the truth, it's like really hard to find these donors.

[SPEAKER_03]
It is, and you know it better than anyone.
It's very, very difficult.
This has been a horrible year for fundraising, especially for nonprofits.
It's been a horrible year across the board, but this Biden-nomics, as they call it, I believe it was orchestrated at a much higher level, even than this administration, to this economic collapse.
And I believe, Steve, my personal theory is, in part, it was done to crush organizations like ours because they do not want us succeeding and fighting back against their agenda.
Think about it.
When people can't even put food in the table, they can't put gas in their cars.
The last thing that they're thinking about is giving to charity.
Even if it's a cause they really, really believe in, but I'm asking.
I'll just say it, I'm begging.
Every single one of you, even if it means skipping that one extra coffee at Starbucks or whatever it is, please, please consider giving to this cause.
Become a monthly donor.
I'm sure you have monthly donation options too at VSRF.
I encourage you
please go to WeThePatriotsUSA.org and consider a donation.
That's how we do it.
You ask where we're getting the money.
I go on shows like these, because obviously the mainstream media won't have me on.
I've got a blackout there.

[SPEAKER_14]
No, really?
Yeah.
You're not getting daily calls from like the New York Times is calling me daily wanting me to comment on this stuff.
I'm just kidding.
Oh, no, I did.

[SPEAKER_03]
I was in the New York Times two weeks ago.
I did get one article.
I have to give a shout out to Cheryl.
What is her name?
Cheryl?
I can't remember her full name.
But she did write a piece about our, we have a lawsuit at the United States Supreme Court now, a petition to restore religious exemptions.
And Steve, this is a Connecticut lawsuit.
Connecticut repealed its religious exemption to school vaccinations, just like California, New York, and Maine did.
So we took Connecticut's case, because that's where I was originally from.
We're based in Idaho now, but we were originally in Connecticut.
Um, and we have a petition to the United States Supreme Court and the justices are considering right now whether to take that up.
That could restore exemptions, not only in Connecticut, but in the awesome in California, New York and Maine, that that would be so awesome.

[SPEAKER_14]
If you, if you can win that case, Brian, that would be really, really awesome.

[SPEAKER_03]
I think we've got a shot.
We got a stellar dissent in that case on the second circuit written by Judge Bianco, appointee of Donald Trump.
And I believe that the majority of the court, when they're looking at this, they're going to look very carefully at Judge Bianco's dissent, saying that we had it right and we should have won here.
Based on what's been going all over the country.
There's a split of authority in the circuits I think this has case has the right facts and we've drawn the attention of some of the largest You know conservative I'll say legal Organizations in the country that have called us and hopped in the phone and said I think you've got something here So if that means and these are organizations I'm not gonna name names But the people that I spoke with if I did name their names you'd know them they've won
multiple arguments, multiple cases at the United States Supreme Court.
These are very experienced lawyers.
So we're really hoping that they take this case up.
And we could even have it heard this next term and have a decision out by the spring.
That's the best case scenario.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah.
That would just be so awesome if that happens.
How many clients do you have right now?
And how many cases are you working on right now?

[SPEAKER_03]
I just took, we don't just do medical freedom.
So I just took a really exciting case out of California about a teacher that's being discriminated against religious discrimination for refusing to use preferred pronouns in the classroom because she's a devout Catholic and they're trying to fire her for using, this is in Oakland, California.
You won't be surprised, will you, that this is Oakland.
So we have all kinds of cases.
We have medical.

[SPEAKER_14]
Wait a minute, wait a minute.
She's accused of what?

[SPEAKER_03]
She's accused, she's a kindergarten teacher in Oakland who's accused of refusing to call her five-year-old female student a boy because she is a devout Catholic and that goes against her religious views.
But the school is trying to say she has to recognize the gender transition
of this child.
There were many things the school could have done.
They could have simply transferred the child to another class.
They could have accommodated her.
We are not only a medical freedom organization, but a religious freedom, free speech, First Amendment organization.
We have a Second Amendment, two Second Amendment lawsuits.
We won a temporary restraining order against the governor, Governor Michelle Lujan Grisham in New Mexico because of her unlawful, unconstitutional carry ban.
We have a case in Connecticut against Governor Lamont and the legislature's carry ban.
And then we have multitude of medical freedom cases.
You asked me the number.
I mean, I don't even know how many clients right now.
I'd have to go back and look because we have, I mean, I'd say probably at least total in the last year, at least a couple dozen, which I mean, for lawsuits, one lawsuit can be $50,000 to $100,000 easily.
sometimes more.
So when you're talking about that many lawsuits from New York to California, plus we put on events, we do broadcasts, we have the film that we just produced, it gets expensive.
So we want to continue to doing this work.
We're not going to let this administration and this economy get us down.
We're going to keep fighting.
We're finding creative ways to do more with less.
That's what you have to do in business sometimes.

[SPEAKER_14]
No, that's awesome.
So is your most important case the one that you're looking to get in front of the Supreme Court to overturn so that you can't take away your exemptions?

[SPEAKER_03]
Right.
I'd say, I mean, I never want to say one case is more important, but I'd say that that is definitely the case that has the potential to have the biggest impact nationwide because it could preserve and restore exemptions in all 50 states for schools.
And that's something that in the medical freedom community, attorneys have been working on for ages now because New York and California, I mean, California lost it
in 2015.
So it's been eight years, almost nine years since California lost their religious exemption and fill actually was a philosophical exemption, personal belief exemption.
But we have a real chance to get in that back in California.
So people, if you support that, please check out our website at WeThePatriotsUSA.org.
I know I got a run, but I'm going to stick around for the Q&A.
And I want to thank you, Steve, again for allowing me to have a few moments on your platform.
And again, I encourage everybody to support your organization as well.

[SPEAKER_14]
Thank you so much, Brian.
Thank you for the work that you're doing and good luck on the Supreme Court case.

[SPEAKER_03]
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_04]
I think you're muted.
I am muted.
Thank you.
Thank you for all the work you're doing, Brian.
We're going to have Q&A after our next guest is on.
Would you mind coming back?
I know we have questions for you.
Absolutely.
I'll stick around.
Excellent.
Thank you, sir.
And thank you for all the work that you continue to do.
And we'll see you back shortly.
Sure.
Wow.
It's a, it is a hard work that you, we, Brian, everybody does, uh, just whether it's legal, finding the data, helping it, uh, it's really, it's a huge undertaking, Steve.
Absolutely.
No question.
Well, let's stay on the legal train.
I want to introduce our next guest.
Dale, Dale Saran.
Welcome.
Happy holidays, Dale.
How are you today?

[SPEAKER_15]
I'm great with you.
Happy holidays.
How are you?

[SPEAKER_04]
I'm doing well.
I'm going to read your bio before I hand you over to Steve.
And this is going to take a little bit because you got a lot of credentials.
You're a retired major US Marine Corps.
You served
as a judge advocate and helicopter pilot for more than 20 years.
As a defense attorney in 1999, then Captain Saran defended Marines who refused the controversial anthrax vaccine.
And later you worked on the Doe V. Rumfeld cases in federal court that enjoined the Department of Defense's and FDA's illegal mandate to take the unlicensed vaccine.
You went on to be in-house counsel for CrossFit Inc. and continued as a defense counsel in the Marine Corps Reserve
Dale, you currently make your home in Kansas and are a proud father of four amazing daughters.
And again, it's great to see you again.

[SPEAKER_15]
Thanks.
Good to see you, Dale.

[SPEAKER_04]
I'm going to hand you over to Steve.
I'll see you guys for Q&A afterwards.
Sure.

[SPEAKER_14]
So CrossFit, you probably know this, there's a guy who founded CrossFit.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, I think we were at an event in Greg's house in Phoenix.

[SPEAKER_14]
There you go.
Okay, good.
Well, now I'm making the connection.

[SPEAKER_15]
Now you're putting the pieces together.

[SPEAKER_14]
I'm putting the pieces together slowly, but surely I, you know, some things take a little longer, but great.

[SPEAKER_15]
I show up in weird places, Steve.
I'm like that, where's Waldo?
I kind of pop up in weird places.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah.
So tell me what is, what do you think that,
These cases that you're working on, what is the most significant case, the one that you're most excited about, that you could tell us about?

[SPEAKER_15]
Well, for ruthless pecuniary reasons, the cases I'm most excited about are, we've got three class action lawsuits in the court of federal claims, which is a strange court.
It's an unusual court.
And in fact, it's the vaccine injury court is where the court of federal that's yet the court of federal plans is the is the vaccine injury court.
Those cases are there.
But it's also where you sue the US government where they waive sovereign immunity.
So if you've got a contract claim, that's where you sue the US government.
And so we've got, you know, that clip that Livio played earlier.
of me on Fox Business News was about those cases.
We've got three different class action lawsuits that are for all the people in the military who got canned or had their orders canceled or curtailed or got dropped.
For all the things they lost, points on their record, getting their records cleaned up, as well as the back pay.
And I don't think people realize how much that really was.
I mean, that was, you know, what the Secretary of Defense did and those mandates were significant on that Fox piece.
I mean, I wasn't kidding.
That wasn't hyperbole.
When I said they cut like 10% of the National Guard, that's that's almost an exact number.

[SPEAKER_14]
So so that was I think it was like 70 to 100,000 people.
Is that right?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, yep.

[SPEAKER_15]
So they just, what happened was, you know, typically Congress funds, you know, the standing military we all think of as Title 10 is the armed forces, but Title 32 is how the states, you know, the state national guards until and unless they're mobilized, federalized, they serve the state.
But what happened here was that the states were seeing very, very low uptake on the vaccine.
National guards were more taken.
And so what the department defense did was they cut title 32 funding for anybody they just kept the money for anybody who wouldn't take the vaccine.
And that turned out to be a big number of people made maybe more than people thought but that's on that fox thing and elsewhere you know we've kind of been in the news.
because I said the number of billions, but that's not an exaggeration.
And that's just what it turns out to be when you whack 80,000 National Guardsmen.
And that's what that adds up to when you cut that many.

[SPEAKER_14]
Well, but did they do it to save money or did they do it because, oh, you're not a patriot if you're not taking the vaccine?

[SPEAKER_15]
No, it was punishing.
And the good that we've been very fortunate, I'll tell you in these cases why I'm so excited about them,
It's not just because it's the largest chunk of our clients and all of that.
I mean, there's about 100,000 people in this class potentially.
But more so that these are the people, these are the volunteer members, these are the people who step up to the plate, you know, volunteer to go get shot at.
But what made it all really exciting and really gave us some gas was that the Fifth Circuit in kind of an unknown case, you know, unless you were, this was your issue, you wouldn't really be following.
But the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals overturned a district court
in the Abbott v. Biden case.
And that case was significant.
And the Department of Justice didn't even appeal it to the Supreme Court.
They threatened to, they filed petitions, they want more time to decide, but they turtleed eventually.
But that case found that just what I'm talking about was punishment, was illegal punishment.
by the president of non-federalized troops.
I mean, that's a constitutional no-no.
I don't think people really appreciate it.
But this is a case of massive constitutional import, which is the national guard.
When you're a guardsman and you're on state orders, your commander-in-chief is not the president.
Your commander-in-chief is the governor of your state.
And so what happened here is that the president of the United States reached across into the state militia and started punishing the people he didn't like.
They didn't follow his orders.
That's a prohibition that's built into the Constitution.
That's the militia clause of the Constitution.
So that's the case that, you know, that's the one that keeps me up.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, so you're effectively won that in the Fifth Circuit, right?

[SPEAKER_15]
It bingo, exactly.
The Fifth Circuit said that, and that is not the law of the case.
I mean, that's been decided as a factual and legal matter, and it's on remand.
It's down to back to the same district court judge.
I don't think he's thrilled.
OK.
But the government isn't, you know, that's the rule.
And we took that and just walked right into the court of claims.
And as soon as that decision came out, that's when we filed right after that in February of 2020.
February of this year.
As soon as that decision came out, we were like, holy cow.
Actually, we had already filed.
I take that back.
We amended our complaint in light of that decision.

[SPEAKER_14]
Okay.
So did the government not appeal that?
Because if they went to the Supreme Court, and the Supreme Court ruled the wrong way,
then they'll be screwed.
Yes, exactly.
And so they're hoping to get another whack at the ball, essentially, in another jurisdiction so that they can stave it off.
They're trying to keep this from spreading for as long as possible.

[SPEAKER_15]
To be something bigger, if they can confine it to a circuit court decision,
That's better.
And I think given the nature of the circuit court decision and the people, the way the courts comprise right now, where you have, particularly in light of all the second amendment cases, you know, where you've seen much more originalist kind of textualist constitutionalist coming out of the court.
It's I think that they realize they could get a wrecking ball right through the center of the whole the whole endeavor.
And they'd rather just eat the and then argue, I think,
That, well, that doesn't really mean all of that.
You know, it's one circuit court decision.
Yeah.
Yeah.
What the hell?
It doesn't really mean what you think it means.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, it doesn't mean what you think.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And we didn't bother even.
you know, escalating it because it was just so meaningless.
Of course.
Of course.

[SPEAKER_15]
In fact, we have the letter from the Solicitor General from their office from Ms. Palogar.
I think it's Elizabeth Palogar.
But she had to send a letter to Congress because they're required.
The Solicitor General has to actually notify Congress
whenever something like this happens where they get an adverse ruling.
And so they have to send a letter to Congress.
And of course, somebody sent forward us a copy.
Somebody Congress did.
Hey, you know, this is what the Solicitor General's letter was.
And it really minimized the whole thing like, ah, it's not that it's a no big deal here.
Big deal.
What the heck?
The British title 32 soldiers, you know, without authority and violation.
No big deal.
Nothing to appeal there nothing to worry about there.

[SPEAKER_14]
So let me let me ask you this I'm really curious like the lawyer Do you ever you how often you talk to opposing counsel?
Oh?
We have a good relationship with our with our so do they ever tell you that you know we're fucked
And like, are they ever honest with you about this stuff?

[SPEAKER_15]
Well, I'll see this.
They're never going to concede something like that.
Because God forbid, if that was in an email somewhere, they'd be dead, if it ever got.

[SPEAKER_14]
So they'll never say anything like that.

[SPEAKER_15]
Right.

[SPEAKER_14]
But they never talk you off the record.
Just lawyer to lawyer saying, hey, we're fucked.
And we're not going to know.

[SPEAKER_15]
No, but they will be.
I will say this.
They're honest in different ways.
And not so much in that, hey, you've got a great case or whatever.
You know, you learn to be collegial despite how hot and bloody I get over this issue, but our DOJ counterpart has said things like, hey, listen, it may take me a little while to respond to certain things because this has the attention of people further up the food chain.
you know that's you know kind of like that's not telling me anything i didn't really know but in some sense letting us know that i mean that's a way of saying it without saying it now he didn't he's not giving it anyway we're just you know convincing about how we're gonna you know timelines right doing things and he's just asking for more time which is standard kind of collegial stuff he's like hey man i got i gotta report this up you know so right um you know that tells me at least something

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah wouldn't it be fun if someday they like are they ever allowed like if this guy that you're dealing with is if he ever resigns from the law firm is he ever allowed to say yeah you really got us there you know.

[SPEAKER_15]
Well for the government it's different like I was a government prosecutor too.
And it's a little so it's a little bit different when you represent the government than when you represent a private client.
But you could I've had cases afterwards as a prosecutor.
I've I've I've written letters of recommendation and clemency for guys I convicted.
So I mean, you know, you can do that.
That's a legitimate.
I think that's something that in the right case, you know, that's a legitimate procedure.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_14]
So if you work for the government, are you allowed to if if you, you know, you're no longer working for the firm and no longer they're no longer your client.
Can they, are they allowed to even reveal anything to you?
No, it's all privileged.
I mean, they can't disclose anything.
It's all metal.

[SPEAKER_15]
Well, there's a big difference between, look, I've had cases I can tell you now as a prosecutor that were terrible, the garbage cases, you know, were not, and I lost them, you know, and that was the proof of the pudding.
There's nothing wrong with saying that publicly.
I still stand by taking those cases, those prosecutions, but on the other hand,

[SPEAKER_14]
you know um you're doing your job yeah i mean that's just it you know you're and so that's how it's it's easy to get along with so any of these people have any kind of like moral compass where you know as a lawyer you're supposed to represent your client right no matter what your feelings are and so even if they're doing something which
You know, you know, with these service members where they look at it and they say, you know, the government shouldn't have done this.
And they're playing, you know, lawyer, which says, oh, you have to ignore that and do what's right for your client.
I mean, how do you even handle that?

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, it's a difficult thing to do.

[SPEAKER_14]
You know, cognitive dissonance.
You know, on the one hand, I hate doing my job as a lawyer, but on the other hand, shit, I'm helping the wrong side.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, I think it always comes down to you have to have, and I think most lawyers do, a sort of systemic belief that the process we have in the US is the best one at getting at the truth, even if it doesn't always get it 100% right.
You have to kind of believe that
Hey, look, you know, someone advocating and I do believe when I was a criminal defense attorney, you know, I represented people, obviously lots of people who were guilty as hell.
And I didn't lose any sleep at night.
You know, I used to joke, my kids would ask, they would say, don't you lose sleep by defending a guilty guy?
I said, no, they're easiest of all.
It's the innocent guys you lose to sleep over.
If I do everything I can for my guilty client, he gets convicted, I'm like, ah, you know, sorry, bud, but you did it, you know?
But if I get an innocent guy, that's where you lose sleep.
Cause you're like, what if I'm the lawyer who can't get an innocent guy off?
What if I'm that guy, you know?
I don't live with myself the rest of my life.

[SPEAKER_14]
So let me ask you, when you were a criminal lawyer and you got this guy, you know, who did the murdering and you got him off, you got him off free.
You know he did the crime.
He told you he did the crime and you got him off.
How do you feel about that?
Oh, you're not going to let this answer.

[SPEAKER_15]
Whatever.
I'm really kidding.
Better than you would think.
And that's a shameful thing.
Maybe that's a bad admission.
No, my thought is this.
And this is the systemic belief you have to have, which is built into the Constitution was the notion that
um better that uh 10 guilty people go for you than that one innocent man should rot in jail and so you have to set the levers you know the dollars such you or the net on the fish you know what i mean otherwise we got innocent people right right right and so you kind of the beyond a reasonable doubt is the right i think that's the right you know put the burden on the government they've got all the resources make it you know beyond a reasonable doubt you know i mean look we got people in from jan six in jail rotting who haven't had
bail who've been sitting in prison for three, four years.
That clip you showed at the beginning, Julian Assange.
There's a perfect example, right?
You know, what's that guy done wrong?

[SPEAKER_14]
Well, okay, so that's an interesting case because I had to study that case before I did all my stuff with the New Zealand data.
And because I said, you know, don't want to end up like Julian Assange, but you know, what's the...
So the thing is that if you're involved in
the act of the stealing of the data, you know, then that's a problem.
And so the accusation against Assange is that he was involved in the sort of the extraction process as opposed to getting it after the fact.
Do you believe that's the case or do you believe that that's a trumped up charge?
I don't believe it's the case.

[SPEAKER_15]
And I'm not sure, given what I saw from the Assange from the WikiLeaks files, I'm not sure that I care, even if he stole it outright.
I don't care.
Yeah.
I mean, I have a top secret security clearance, you know, for whatever it's worth.
I mean, I was an attack helicopter pilot.
I've had access to crypto gear, you know, all that stuff.
I've played around with all that.
And everybody who's had a clearance knows how massively the government overclassifies everything.
I mean, it would just be, you'd be lying to suggest that wasn't the case.
And a significant amount of time, the stuff that's classified is stuff that would be embarrassing.
Not, it has no national security impact, except that it would make a bunch of people look like idiots.
And that's, I mean, that's always been the case.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah.
So what's your guess as to what's going to happen with this?
Let me ask you this.
You're a criminal defense attorney.
I've got my own attorneys as well that I asked these questions, but do you think there's like
Do you think they have a leg to stand on to accuse me of doing anything criminal here?
No, I don't think so.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah.
That doesn't mean they won't do it.
I always tell them.
Yeah, exactly.
That doesn't mean they won't do it.
They're confused with what I just said, though.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
No, no, no.
I have a lot of guys, like, I don't think they will.
And then they show up in my office.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, with Trump charged, you know, Trumped up charges on, hey, you did this, right?
Because they basically want to set an example, even if you've done nothing wrong.
But the process is the punishment.
Right.
So, but the, you know, if there was an illegal act here, it would be on behalf of the person who leaked the data.
But what he did by giving it to me is essentially publishing it.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yes.
You know, and I'm just a conduit.
You stand in this place just like the New York Times did in the Pentagon papers.

[SPEAKER_14]
That is exactly what I tell people.

[SPEAKER_15]
That is the precisely the same position as the New York Times and the Pentagon Papers.
He's in the thing of Ellsberg.
He's the Daniel Ellsberg in this case and you're the Times.
That's how it works.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, it'd be amazing how many people on Twitter don't know this, you know, that you see them all the time.

[SPEAKER_15]
I just wrote something about you see them all the time people yelling about you can't say fire in a crowded theater and that's not even the quote from shank and shank is it's falsely shouting fire in a crowded theater and
And Shanks also considered one of the worst opinions ever written, you know, and the speech that was being analogized in that case were some socialist pamphlets and anti-draft protests.
You know, that's what Holmes was analogizing to shouting fire in a crowded theater, which ought to tell you just how bad that opinion is.
But nobody quotes that for anything.
And yet you got people screaming it on Twitter, like it's, you know, holy rip.
I mean, anything to shut their opponents up, you know, how it is, Steve.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah.
So I think if the data that I have has people's names in it, I keep it in an encrypted file.
Nobody knows the password except for me.
I only unencrypted it when I need to access it, which is very, very rarely.
And then it goes in.
It always sits on disk in encrypted form.
And some people have said, oh, you need to give it to somebody to hold on to it so it's safe.

[SPEAKER_15]
like, hey, there's an old, there's an old spook joke, Steve, you love this among spies.
There's this old saying that three can keep a secret, but only if two are dead.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, well, there you go.

[SPEAKER_15]
So that's an old like Russian spy saying

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, but I keep it very, very safely under lock and key, because I don't want to expose anyone's private information.
It's unnecessary to do that for the analysis.

[SPEAKER_15]
Health data like that, the anonymized, washed data, as you know, you can do things with that statistically that in no way reveals anybody's information.
That's exactly what I do.
Right, and you can do it.

[SPEAKER_14]
What's wrong with that?
What's wrong with that?
And so, yeah.
And I send all these messages to Health New Zealand.
And I went on Twitter and I said, hey, look, don't force me to reveal people's names.
Let's do it the smart way here.
Just confirm this so I won't have to go and prove to people that I got the sex analysis correct.

[SPEAKER_15]
Oh, right.
You can do that stuff, too.
I didn't even think about that.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, yeah.
So that's why I needed access to the original data because it didn't have the sex of the person.
So I inferred that probabilistically using this great tool, Generalize.io.
I mean, I got this thing so that if you look at all the deaths, it exactly matches the overall mortality of New Zealand.
You know, so very, very accurate.
We're really impressed.

[SPEAKER_15]
It's such a nice because it's a closed system.
And it was, I mean, they shut themselves off for the world.
And so they're seeing.

[SPEAKER_14]
No, the data is so spectacular in New Zealand.
So let me ask you this.
A lot of people will say, oh,
I'm an ethical researcher.
I would never touch that data because it was obtained illegally.
What's your assessment on that?
And once it's published, it's like the Pentagon Papers.
You're not going to say to the Pentagon Papers, oh my gosh, that was leaked illegally.
We're not going to read that in the newer times.

[SPEAKER_15]
I'm going to avert my gaze and find out that my politicians were lying the whole time.
The thing is that people have a hard time understanding is we're a republic that by choice had decided that there were things that almost all things, that very few things in fact should be kept from us.
That was kind of the central founding of the republic was we're adults, we're not going to be treated like babies by government.
Government's not our daddy.
And unfortunately we seem to be regressing as a culture.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, so how do you think this is gonna end?
Like, you know, I am really pressing
Health New Zealand on the data transparency.
But I'm going to be releasing these analyses that show that they've been killing people.
And if they've been killing people in New Zealand, they've been killing people everywhere.
This is going to be the most stunning thing ever that's coming out.

[SPEAKER_15]
I feel like the entire, I think, Steven, I told people this recently, and I talk about this with other lawyers that are all like Brian.
There's a good,
there's a nice little, you know, there's not enough of us, but there's enough work for everybody for sure.
I mean, there's plenty of work, but there's a little, you know, a group of attorneys that are fighting and all these different aspects of the mandates, you know, and all these different forms.
And it feels to me like there's a sea change that we're in a very different environment, you know, two years down the road.
I mean, I just know that arguments in court that two years ago would have been laughed at,
But now like suddenly, you know, oh my god, oh, you know, like I said that two years ago, what are you talking about?
You know, but now you get a hearing on arguments that two years ago you wouldn't have.
And a lot of you deserve credit.
A lot of people who haven't start blowing the horn on this, you know, on the, I always knew that, that other people were going to do that.
And, and so I let the scientists do the scientists thing, but it was clear to me that.
That was all necessary.
We had to have that because now we're coming out of this fog.
You know, it's almost people forget there was a Salem after the witch trials.
You know, and I mean, it did go on, but there had to be some kind of reconciliation.
You know, one of the judges there, you go to Hawthorne House and they put on these plays and when you go through Nathaniel Hawthorne's house, when you get to the last room, part of what they do is they read you portions of a letter from one of the town fathers who was one of the judges in the Salem witch trials.
And it was his confession to the church after it's all said and done.
He had to get up and say to everybody, whoops, sorry.
It's a moving thing.
It's something that we haven't seen yet.
Yeah, we're headed that direction.
Well, it was a lot more than that.
It was heartfelt.
I mean, he had sent a letter around to the other judges saying, if this doesn't, we're going to have to answer for this.
Yeah, this is on our immortal soul.

[SPEAKER_14]
Well, you know, I think it's telling that there was a poll that was done by Rasmussen.
And they asked the American public, the Democrats, Republicans, independents, people across America.
And they said, if there was a class action against the COVID vaccine manufacturers,
Would you join it?
And 42% said yes.

[SPEAKER_15]
Oh, that's a class action attorneys.
I think Steve, you said that in class action attorney eyeballs across the country just popped open.
Now, there are a lot of us.
I mean, I talked to attorneys who are trying to crack the prep act.
That's the big, that's the white whale right now.
Aaron series got a lawsuit pending right now.
We all talk, we all chit chat.
So that's the white whale everybody's going after.
This guy in California doing some good stuff using state tort log, I named Matt Tyson.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, so the question is, can you get these guys on criminal negligence?
Like, I'm hot on Health New Zealand.
They got the data.
OK, their database administrator looked at the data set, and he found serious safety signals.
There was like alarming to him.
So alarming that this guy said, look, I'm going to risk spending seven years in jail.
Right.
In order to get this information out.
So hang on.
So he sent an email to all the leadership at Health New Zealand saying, hey, serious problem in the data.
I think you should know about this, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, fired immediately without talking to him to understand what he found and who he talked to.
Is that criminal negligence?
Are they allowed to essentially say, we don't want to see it?

[SPEAKER_15]
You know what this is, which is that this is why it's happening the world over.
And I don't know if you saw recently, I saw something in the news that
the health minister for Italy, you know, now that Georgia- Yeah, yeah, I saw that.
Yeah, the Georgia, they filed like manslaughter charges or something because, and they're looking at just what you're talking about, Steve, of covering up bad data as being proof of Sientor.
And I was a prosecutor, and to me, I mean, that's stock and trade.
You find somebody, that's true, whether it's a financial prime or any, you find people trying to scrub the books and you're like, okay, what's he hiding?
You know, I mean, it's always been proof of sin enter.
I mean, always from the, you know, the history of the common law.

[SPEAKER_14]
So, so what you're saying is that these people who are ignoring the, all these things saying, Hey, you got this data and you should look at it because it shows a serious safety signal.
And they refuse to let you talk to their epidemiologists.
They refuse to defend the data and they focus on the leaker rather than the data is criminal negligence.
Yes or no?

[SPEAKER_15]
I'll go further.
It's worse than criminal negligence.
What you're looking at, you're treating it as an ongoing thing.
I'm saying it's already, if the data is already there, it means it already happened.
And what it becomes is just like the question about Nixon, what did the president know and when did he know it?
Right.
If you're saying that the signal was, they told the signal, they were like, shut up.
Don't you talk about that.
And you're fired.
I mean, what I'm saying is that's the coverup.

[SPEAKER_14]
They expressed no interest
in looking at the data.
And I know they were notified because I finally had to do this Twitter post in order to get their attention.
I finally got a letter from their attorney, who's their in-house attorney, saying, look, we have this injunction.
And they gave me two copies of it.
I checked with multiple attorneys and sent them a message back saying, hey, thanks a lot for your correspondence to me.
So do you believe in data transparency?
And when can I meet with your epidemiologist?
And there is nothing coming back from them.
So isn't that effectively saying that, wow, this guy basically says, huge problem, and you guys didn't do shit?

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah.
Well, that's of course it'll always come back to it.
If, if, you know, when did, when were they aware of the signal?
And, and so there's two options for them.
One, which is high, and that's not going to happen.
It's out now.
You know, you've, like you said, this is.
too late.
And then the next, the only next thing now is to, you know, say the data doesn't mean what the data means.
And so now you're going to have the fight on your theory and be like, no, no, no, that doesn't.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_14]
So, so could they claim, oh, your honor, we didn't know our epidemiologist said that there was nothing there.
And we didn't even bother to, to even ask them because we trusted our epidemiologist and, and we relied on the assertion of our epidemiologists who
By the way, never actually analyzed the data with respect to vaccination and death date.
Could they use that as a defense?
And could they get off?
Like, why aren't they being criminally charged?

[SPEAKER_15]
I'll tell you why.
And this is the big one that really has to address.
It's this.
If you or I did it, and you or I worked at Dow Chemical,
or a smaller company.
And this was over poisoning somebody's water table or something.
There would be no defense.
So you would be absolutely correct.
The cops would come, slap cuffs on us, and off we would go.
And it wouldn't matter that we were corporate defendants.
But when governments involved,
then what you will have, what's lying under this that nobody is really stepping on hard, and eventually you do, is sovereign immunity, which is the notion that, well, if ordinary humans did it, yes, they would go to prison.
But if somebody who works for government does it, hey, what are you gonna do?
Chevron deference, and that's why you see people screeching over the possibility of that SEC case that's pending now before the Supreme Court.
There's a lot of talk that, you know, the several justices in the signal that they would love to tear down Chevron, where we're not going to give those people that kind of that kind of difference.
You're not going to we're not going to lack a Chevron over things.
And it's all part of sovereign immunity.
But no, and that's the reason that's the reason people aren't in jail yet is because the people who are doing it are the people who control the cops.
Right.
Right.

[SPEAKER_14]
Right.
But if if.
That wasn't the case, like, I mean, from a legal perspective.

[SPEAKER_15]
Oh, that wasn't the case, sure.
Of course, yes.
Hey, Steve, I'll say it out loud.
I've been telling people at the top of my lungs since this started, your government's committing war crimes against you.
I don't know how much clearer I can be than that.
I mean, the whole thing is a war crime.
This is what we hung people's, you know, we hung the Nazis over, Steve.

[SPEAKER_14]
So do you think there will be accountability, Dale?
Will we get accountability?

[SPEAKER_15]
I don't know.

[SPEAKER_14]
If the public, if the public becomes, let me ask you this, if the public becomes outraged.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yes.
Then you'll see, there's already been some signals.
I mean, you've seen some things.
What's his face?
Cadillac, Robert Cadillac came out who was kind of Fosse's boss in the whole Operation Warp Speed.
He did an interview with like some little known media organization like Australia or something, but he basically was throwing Fosse at her boss.
You know, and so I mean it wouldn't surprise me if somebody gets perp walked as the as the face of it.
You know, but it'll never be it'll never be all the people that should I you know my honest opinion.
It'll never be that all the people who did.
all the crappy things that they did.

[SPEAKER_14]
Right.
But could we get, for example, the leadership at Health New Zealand to take the fall and serve jail time for this?

[SPEAKER_15]
Oh, I would love to see Jacinda Assern.
I mean, I'd love to see them all.
I'd love to see them all perp walked, you know, but
but that's me right but that's that's love versus what the law allows so do you believe oh no no i think the law i look i think the law i didn't remember trials were correct i i think it's a human rights violation to force someone to take something stick something in their body if you don't control this meat sack then what do you control you're i'm a slave
You know, and so I don't, I can't get past that.
That's a first principle for me.
Like you would never dream Steve, you or I would never dream if we were out with anyone we knew, any other adult, you would never in your wildest imagining, if their meals showed up and you were eating with them, you would never be like, you can't eat that or you must eat that.
I think you're gonna forcibly put whatever you want.
Here, eat this chili pepper, you know, if they were like, no, I'm not eating it.
You wouldn't think the only people, the only things that we think we have that kind of control over are animals and non,
non-statutory adult, you know, minors, our kids.
For the only people we think like, hey, no, I can tell you what to eat or what's sticking your body or not.
And so it's great.
I, you know, that's the first principle for me.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah.
So let me ask you this.
When
Do you think we will see the first person serving jail time for this, for what's happened here?

[SPEAKER_15]
Hey, let's all say a prayer for a great 2024.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.

[SPEAKER_14]
But give me your prediction.
When do you think?

[SPEAKER_15]
2025.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_14]
I like that.
Hopefully I'll be sitting there helping.
And hopefully I can, I'm going to try hard to beat that date.

[SPEAKER_15]
Okay.
That would be impressive.
You get something there.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_14]
All right.
Good.
All right.
Love you.

[SPEAKER_04]
Before I get to questions, and I want to remind everyone to put your question in the chat, all caps for both Brian and Dale and also Steve.
But before I bring Brian back, Dale, where can people find you and your work?

[SPEAKER_15]
You know, we got a website, militarybackpay.com.
That's where me and my two partners can be found, you know, for service members who are looking for whether they might qualify, you know, reserve guardsmen.
Now, other folks can just find me, Google me, I show up, I'm there.

[SPEAKER_04]
Excellent.
Well, there it is, militarybackpaid.com.
I'm going to go ahead and bring Brian, who's been waiting and listening to the conversation.
Welcome back, Brian.
Hi, thanks.
I'll start with you, Brian.
A question from Sarai.
What field of COVID litigation, employment, mandates, vaccine injuries, hospital negligence, do you think is easiest right now?
And which is the hardest to litigate?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, none of them are easy.
But I certainly think litigating in the employment sector and religious exemptions are the best path to winning, which is why we kind of focused on those early on my background.
was or is in employment discrimination case civil rights law.
And I knew right away.
In fact, I said when these mandates were first rolled out, but I said any it turns a bold statement probably could could have gotten me in trouble.
But I said any attorney
who's advising his business client, his employer client, that they should be denying religious exemptions almost universally or universally is guilty of malpractice because title seven and state discrimination law is crystal clear that you're violating law.
You're advising your client to violate the law.
And and knowing full well, they're likely to lose in the long run.
And many of them have lost and had to enter into huge settlements because they were advised by their attorneys, they should be denying religious exemptions.
Had I been the attorney for some of these huge companies, I would have absolutely told them, no, you go through the interactive process, you look at it on a case by case basis, you dot all of your eyes, cross all your T's, keep all of your files.
And you do not deny them anyone who has legitimate religious exemption and you can accommodate them.
And this was even pre graph, you know, the graph decision changed the standard by the United States Supreme Court that makes it even now it's even easier for employees to win cases on the basis of their religious objection.
But even prior to that.
I would have said these employees would have a very good chance of succeeding.
The hardest case is absolutely without a doubt, trying to fight either mandates or trying to recover for vaccine injury.
Because of the PREP Act, it makes it nearly impossible to recover anything for vaccine injury.
I just saw Aaron Ciri's second amended complaint in the PREP Act today, which is excellent.
And I commend him and I do know Aaron.
as well.
And I think he does great work.
And I think absolutely, you know, he's giving us the best shot in that arena.
But I still think it's incredible uphill battle.

[SPEAKER_15]
Could I agree?
Pull harder with what Brian said, you know, it's really just exemptions of where it's at.
And I, you know, advise companies, you think it would just be easy to be as simple as this, don't treat your people because they're unvaccinated, like there's anything wrong with them.
I mean, it's also discrimination under the ADA, under the regarded as, treating people who are otherwise perfectly capable of doing the job.
I have one case that, not military, but a pilot for an airline who was fired because he had a medical note that said, hey, I can't take the vaccine.
And they were like, well, he was a hero during the pandemic, flew all over the world.
And now, because he can't take a preferred gene therapy product, he lost his job, he got fired, canned as a pilot.
I think it's people forget, you know, we don't forget, but how much discrimination the, the unvaccinated, I mean, it was treated like lepers.
Yeah.
The unclean, you know, the dirty unclean, the unwashed.
I mean, it was terrible.
Yes, the subhuman fools.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, well, you know, you know what the saying is, of course, that nobody is safe until we're all safe.

[SPEAKER_15]
Oh, God, channeling your Peter Hotez.
She is.

[SPEAKER_04]
Dale, I have a question for you from OM for us.
Sure.
All the illegal immigrants, mostly male and fighting age.
I don't know if all is correct, but let's just go with this question from them.
Is this a plan to get them into the military?
That has come up.

[SPEAKER_15]
It has been floated.
Yeah, that's been floated.
There was a piece of legislation that quicker path to immigration.
Now, there's always been the case.
And I got to tell you there, when I was in, there were folks who I served with who joined the military and that was their path to citizenship.
Given how tough the military is, I was like, yeah, you'd have to be pretty serious about it.
But there's a new bill that looks something more, and it's certainly concerning.
It's something to be concerned about.
No question about it.
No question about it.
Because my own sense of just the way the winds are blowing is that given the way we hear a lot of this president and some Democrat politicians talk openly about the use of the military against the wrong people, I don't have a warm fuzzy about that at all.
And that it seems to me that a number of people are itching for an opportunity to do that.
And I've been saying that for quite some time.

[SPEAKER_04]
You make me want to play a trailer that I just saw for a film coming out next year called Civil War, and it's about the United States.
Is this a more predictive programming?
Yes, yes it is.
I'm going to stick with you, Dale, from Philip.
Now that we are apparently going to war with Yemen, can you talk about what the mandate did to military readiness?

[SPEAKER_15]
Well, that's obvious.
I mean, they were an absolute cratering.
I have, in one case, I've got this case still pending.
I got a motion for reconsideration pending in the Northern District of Texas.
And that's a declaratory judgment that the mandates were illegal, ab initio, from the beginning.
You know, Terry Adderham, the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Health Affairs, had no authority to declare that unlicensed products are equivalent to licensed products, you know, all of that.
And CHT has been in on that, you know, that debate and switch.
But in that case alone, we had 742 military members who filed a motion to intervene.
Those were clients.
And almost all of them were aircrew.
If just those people were, if my clients were their own Air Force, they would have been like the 14th largest Air Force in the world.
just my clients in that one lawsuit, people who didn't take the facts.
So yeah, do you think losing 700 and something air crew?
And I mean, I had the full spectrum.
I had heavy lift pilots, fighter pilots, attack helicopter pilots, search and rescue pilots.
I mean, that cohort of people was big enough to be the, if it were in its own air force, it would be a full spectrum air force the size of like, Iran's or something.
And the US just stomped all over those people, denied all their religious accommodations to point to what Brian does.
I mean, just wantonly did that.
So did it affect readiness?
Are you kidding me?
I mean, they took this huge trench of anybody who filed a religious accommodation.
It was a big chunk of people, and they pulled them from their jobs immediately.
You think that didn't affect readiness?
And then the funny part is the people who were unvaccinated on the back end of it, what was really funny was they were being treated crappy, but we have
Story after story after story, such that we no longer have anecdotes, we have data, but of people where it's the, where it's the unvaccinated, we're having to stand the extra watches for all their vaccinated military counterparts who are sick all the time.
We've got COVID all the damn time.
These guys keep coming down with COVID.

[SPEAKER_14]
Or died or were disabled.
I mean, the, the, the sable meant, right, it's not just the people who, who refuse the shots who left as the problem.
It decimated the people who were left.
I mean, if you were, you know, in one of our enemies, the one thing you'd want to do is help the CDC advertise that you should get your COVID shot.
That is like the best weapon that you could throw at America.
And as a man, the military vaccinate all their troops.
I mean, it is insane.
Yeah.
Like that's exactly what you would do.
And we fell for it.

[SPEAKER_15]
What was it on purpose?
You know, that's what I always get asked is, could I do this?

[SPEAKER_14]
No, I think it was all stupidity.
Because look, you know, people claim, oh, it's the military that's doing this.
But why would the military decimate their own troops?
I mean, that makes no sense.

[SPEAKER_04]
So, Dale, what's happening to the standards for new or incoming recruits?
Is there any data?
What caliber of recruits coming in?

[SPEAKER_15]
We already know that.
You can follow that closely.
They've been given away money.
The military has been trying to close this recruiting gap, and we've been watching this happen.
And all these people walk, and the people who were walking weren't like new troops.
They were people who had 12 years in, 14 years in, 10 years in.
These are people who already trained up, experienced.
They cost millions of dollars to get to their capability.
And then they bring, you know, you're not going to fill that gap.
You're not going to backfill that with brand new guys, brand new gals off the street.
And of course, you know, simultaneously it's like 30, there's only less than 30% of new 18 year old kids or even meet the physical fitness standards.
So they're dropping those.

[SPEAKER_14]
I mean, it is decimation.
Hey, I just got something in from my epidemiologist in New Zealand.
Can I share that?

[SPEAKER_04]
Absolutely.

[SPEAKER_14]
All right, here, this is an exclusive guys.
This is a nobody has ever seen this before.
I'm going to wait.

[SPEAKER_04]
Let me get my you're going to share your screen is what you're saying.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
Hang on a second.
Let me set that up.

[SPEAKER_14]
All right.
Oh, OK. All right.
Mumble, mumble.
OK, everybody's going to see my messy desktop.
It's super embarrassing, but I cleared it all except for this one thing.
Are we ready?

[SPEAKER_04]
I'm going to bring you in.
Then I'll add in Dale and Brian to this.

[SPEAKER_14]
Okay.
All right.
So it looks like I can share now and I want to go entire screen and I have to click it and then click share.
Okay.
Here.
Oops.
Okay.
You're seeing the feedback.
Okay.
So here's my screen.
This one is just a duplicate.
here.
So these are the three screenshots to look at.
And these are called Kaplan-Meier plots.
It's a little bit different from the normal thing that you see.
But basically, it's showing mortality as a function of age.
And you can see it sloping up.
And you can see, OK, well, that's not so unusual.
It turns out it is but if you look closer, but let's not worry about this.
This is after dose one Here's the same plot after dose two and you could say well that looks pretty similar that that's not so unusual Look what happens on dose three You see how these things are like then this is the same scale You see how all these things are like really close
Look at what's happening to mortality.
Like, higher is worse.
Like, you're 100 years old.
You know, it's like you're almost certain to die.
If you're young, you're hardly going to die.
And this is the, I guess this is the unvaccinated, well, they started vaccinating, I guess, fairly early, what, six months onwards.
But look at this spike here.
And this epidemiologist had to check twice because he was saying, like, what the heck?
Something must have gone wrong here.
All these numbers are elevated.
So this is the,
This is the curve, and these are the confidence.
I think these are the confidence intervals.
Here, I need to check with him.
But as you can see, it's highly unlikely that this thing is not causing a problem.
This is a red flag, folks.
And this is why I say that this New Zealand data
They're totally fucked on this.
I mean, there's no other way to put it.
There's no way you can possibly explain this.
It happened starting on Dose 3.
Anyway, more to come on that.
But I wanted to show everybody that, just to show you just how devastating this data is.
And this, of course, is why
they don't want anyone to see this data.
And this is why they're so focused on that whistleblower and going after the whistleblower.
And let's talk about how it was illegally obtained and all this stuff instead of focusing on that data because this New Zealand data
Like, we're going to find out if there are, how many of honest epidemiologists there are in the world on this.
That is what we're going to find out.

[SPEAKER_04]
I've got a question that follows up with this Jake in 1956 BBBB.
Have you had any epidemiologists analyze the New Zealand data like Harvey Riesch as an example, and did Ian Copeland never get back to you with his analysis?

[SPEAKER_14]
Ian Copeland's never going to get back to me with his analysis.
Yeah, Harvey's looked at the data.
All these guys tend to be super busy, so it's hard to get their attention.
They're going to need to weigh in on this.
Harvey's looked at my analysis and says, yeah, that's right.
I'm going to be publishing something hopefully later today, maybe tomorrow.
It shows that when you restrict
where you look at the older people at 60 on up.
And that's where the seasonality comes into effect.
You're supposed to see seasonality happening.
If you look at a year, you don't.
You see that the mortality rate go up and up and up for 52 weeks.
It goes up.
It goes up for 52 weeks.
It doesn't matter what season you're in.
It doesn't matter what dose you're in.
It goes up for 52 weeks.
There is no way that anyone is going to explain that away.
So yeah, so I think what I did is I put the data out there and I said, OK, well, let other people analyze it and show the world.
So it's not just me.
It's not just me as the misinformation spreader, right?
Because if I say how to do it.
Super spreader.
Right, super spreader.
So if I tell people how to do it, they'll say, oh, he's wrong, blah, blah, blah.
You know, and what is interesting is how in net, all these people are, you know, they go with the gas lining thing like, oh, Kersh doesn't know how to analyze data.
And this is wrong.
And he didn't look at this.
And oh, there's a Simpson's paradox and all this bullshit.
And I'm going to take down, they're like, they're like 24, at least 24 attacks.
I'm going to take them all down in this sub stack I'm writing.
And it's like, man, there, anybody,
Let me put it this way.
If you're competent in analyzing this data, you will see this signal.
And if you can't see the signal, it's admitting you are incompetent to analyze data.
And effectively, what we're seeing here is that most people in the world are incompetent to analyze data, even when they say, well, I'm an expert in this and Kersh has it wrong.
Anytime you see people doing that, that's bullshit, right?
Because they should be focusing on the data and they should be focusing on what the data says and what the data says is very troubling.

[SPEAKER_04]
Let's move on to a question for Brian from Mateo.
What do you think the Supreme Court is going to do about the paused injunction on the Biden administration in Biden v. Missouri, the government censorship case?

[SPEAKER_03]
I don't.
I don't like to speculate, especially when I have a petition sitting in front of the justices.
I should try to be shut in my mind.

[SPEAKER_15]
Can I take this one to Dale?
Dale, you got a thought on this one?
Well, I've got a cert petition pending too, but I'm not the appellate counsel in that case.
But I should probably shut up.
But no, I think they're doing.
I think the work's been great there.
I mean, you know, God, I'm dying to hear what comes out of that.
But I got to think that.
I mean, I gotta think that at least goes six, three the right way.
I have a hard time imagining that that doesn't go six, three the way it needs to go.
But the real question is always, you know, looming in the background is always that whole thing about, okay, how many divisions does the Supreme Court have to enforce its will?
You know, I had some of the part I always worry about is that the Supreme Court will come out and say, yes, this was absolutely illegal and you'll get people in the executive who are like, man, whatever, then what do we do?

[SPEAKER_03]
You know, it should be nine to nothing on these cases, but yeah, probably six to three, just like the election case, the Colorado case, but actually there's, there's a, there's a question on that from Claire cat three, six, seven.

[SPEAKER_04]
Do either of you think that the Supreme court will agree to hear the Colorado Supreme court decision?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
Yeah.
And I think that should be unanimous as well.
I mean that one actually has a chance of it, you know, because they have to,
Our whole system of government hangs in the balance.
If you let that go, honestly, we're done.
It's a very bad decision.

[SPEAKER_14]
We all agree.
I'm not even a lawyer and I can tell you that.
It's a terrible decision.
Terrible decision.

[SPEAKER_04]
Question for both of you.
Ah, yes.
All of them should be held accountable.
Politicians, medical staff, employers, would either of you suggest class actions as the most effective way to bring justice to the people?

[SPEAKER_03]
I mean, you can get just as much precedent out of a single case as a class action.
So people don't realize if you get a case to the Supreme Court, for instance, or even a circuit decision case could have wide reaching effect, even if it's a single plaintiff, it doesn't necessarily have to be 10,000 people.
Now, granted, the money is there.
If you're looking for big money decisions, that's where the class action, but you know how, how expensive those are to file and how long those take to, to, to play out.
I mean, class action cases, you're not going to get a decision in a year or two, um, or even three years or even four years, some of these drag on for over a decade or more.
So that's why we generally tend to not go that route with our cases.
They're just too expensive and too time consuming.
And, and really for, for president, presidential value, I don't think you're getting

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, we lost it.
We lost it.
Sorry.

[SPEAKER_03]
I'm sorry.
As far as the as far as a legal precedent, I don't think it makes that much of a difference.
But obviously, the financial precedent, if you have a multi billion dollar judgment against a company, that does send shockwaves throughout an industry.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, I think they both got their pluses and minuses.
You know, again, I think we I'm of the view that if we're going to have any success, we have to
for those of us who are out there is you wanna try and create a market so that other attorneys like let's unleash the plaintiff's bar, you know?
And I mean, that's part of what you have to do is that it's gotta be profitable so that lawyers can come in and we can have a little feeding frenzy of, you know, plaintiff's attorneys on these companies.
I mean, that would be the ideal world.
We'll see, I'll have to look at that amended complaint, Brian, by the way of Aaron's series.
I didn't see that come out today.

[SPEAKER_03]
If you give me your email in the private chat or even here, I'll forward it to you.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thank you, I'll send you that.
I got a couple of, an FYI for Steve and another question from quite contrarian.
I am in New Zealand.
This is an FYI.
It is amazing how well this data dump has been 100% completely ignored by the mainstream media.
Even though people are dropping dead, it is extraordinary.
Are you hearing that?
There's nothing.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, there's no there's no coverage here and there was there was actually you know that tweet I did where I threatened to expose people's names and it would only be their first names if I exposed them but I I would never ever do that but I had to do the threat just to get their attention.
I actually got a story
in the New Zealand mainstream media about it.
And I got the Health New Zealand to respond to it as well.
Their lawyer, you know, sent me the little nasty grim.
And, and then I responded and then silence.

[SPEAKER_04]
Right.
So just to reiterate, that was just a stunt to get them to respond.
You were never planning to actually do that.

[SPEAKER_14]
You know, it's kind of like you don't ever want to go and do stuff like that because it's kind of, you know, but it's like I have tried everything else.
And
And I worded in such a way that it's not a threat.
It's not like, unless you do this, I'm going to do this, right?
It is not a blackmail thing or whatever.
You know, you have to do this or I'm going to do this.
I'm going to say, hey, which way do you want it done?
You know.
And so I didn't like to have to do that, but it was like nothing else was working.
I've been trying everything else.
I finally did that.
And then I, as soon as they responded, I took down the tweet, didn't need it anymore.

[SPEAKER_04]
Here's another question from Jake1956BBB.
It would be interesting to see similar data for the unvaccinated as a comparison.
Is that available?
It would be interesting to see similar data for the unvaccinated.

[SPEAKER_14]
You know, you can't do that.
It's very, you know, you think that sounds really easy, but it's not easy because the problem is that, and I've seen the graphs, I've seen the graphs from Medicare, you know, look at the unvax and then the unvax, the death rates go down and for the vax, the death rates go up.
And at first you could say, ah, that's victory.
No, it's not.
Because what happens is people are moving from the Unvex cohort to the Vax cohort.
So there are more Vax people, and there are fewer.
Over time, there are fewer and fewer people who are Unvex.
And so even though you see this decline in the rates, that would be not playing fair.
It would be cheating or whatever.
And it truly would be cheating.
And that's where it chose, the curse diverge.
And so you have to look at the number of unvaxxed.
And I just don't have the data to do it.
I just don't know what the numbers are because I lack the data because they're not giving me the data for some reason.
I can't figure it out.
So what you can do is you can look, like the Medicare data, if you look at the Medicare data, the slope, once you give the shot, the slope goes up by 25%.
That is impossible.
It's impossible for the slope to go up by 25%.
In 365, it just marches up by 25%.
The reason that that is impossible, and nobody even knows why that's impossible, it's impossible because on average, people's death rate in a one-year period doesn't go up by more than 12%.
I don't care whether you're 100 years old,
within a year, it's not going to change by 12%.
If you're young, it changes maybe like 8% or 7%.
And if you're older, and it's maybe around average around 10%, if you're very elderly, it's like 12%
per year but you're talking about double no matter what on this yeah yeah but but then the death rate in medicare is at least four percent that's on average is four percent so you have to take the 12 minus four and you say oh that's eight percent so it can go up by eight percent if you have a young cohort if you have an old cohort it's always going to go down because the mortality of an older person
is greater than the 10% or whatever annual.
And so then it always slopes down.
And it turns out that the people who die are the older people.
So even though you may have an average age that's maybe 65 or whatever in Medicare, the fact is that the people who die are disproportionately on one side of the curve.
And that's the side of the curve where the year over year,
increase in death rate can exceed 10%, which means it slopes down.
So if you give a safe vaccine and you look at the people who die, it slopes downwards.
But when you give this COVID vaccine, it kills people at such an accelerated rate that the thing slopes up at an impossibly high level.
And so this is why I say, yeah, don't need a control group for that.
It's fundamentally, there are laws of physics here.
It fundamentally cannot go
uh, any higher than like 12 minus four, 12 minus five, or whatever.
It's not going to go up by more than 8% per year.
So when it goes up by 25%, you say, whoa, never seen that one before.
That's a fire drill.
That's called an unsafe vaccine.
There's no two ways about it.
There's nobody who can explain that away.

[SPEAKER_04]
And the life insurance policy can help the companies there and they can actually cooperate them.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, you know, and nobody even, like this thing I just told everybody, nobody knows this.
I mean, like I asked on Twitter, I said, so, you know, does anyone know I can't go up by more than 8% per year?
Nobody knew.
So these people who claim that they're experts in data analysis, they know, they're missed, they're totally missing in action.
You know, they would look at that, they would look at that Medicare graph and say, well, we got a problem here.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, it seems obvious, but they don't want to look.
So I'm going to finish up with one last question for Brian and Dale from Tammy.
How do you think or how big do you think COVID litigation could get bigger than tobacco, bigger than asbestos?

[SPEAKER_15]
Oh, that's a good question.
Good question.

[SPEAKER_03]
If we're successful in eviscerating this liability shield of the prep act, then absolutely.

[SPEAKER_15]
If prep comes down, if Aaron Ciri cracks the prep act, and by the way, Brian, I saw it in my inbox.
I got it too.
I'm on that same list.
But if he cracks that,
Or if somebody else does, I mean, we're going to take our own shot at it too.
We've got my partner, Brandon Johnson, badly, badly wants to take a crack at it.
But if somebody beats Prep Act, then it's on.
It'll be on like Donkey Kong.
Yeah, it would be like the the greatest Christmas gift to lawyers ever the plaintiff's bar being a feeding frenzy It'll be all the big firms will come in I mean I don't mention names But the billboard firms will be out in full effect.
You don't have to worry
You don't have to worry they'll be there but somebody's going to get through prep in that sense it will be very much you know we I've worked with one firm once did some some stuff with a firm that was one of the tobacco did some suing the big firm that sued and successfully in tobacco but they were they said that in
In areas like this when you're talking about novel litigation they're like you never want nobody ever wants to be the first case you know you want to be the sixth or the twelfth or the fifteenth you know and that's what it took in the tobacco litigation it took.
There were a lot of attorneys who are a lot of plaintiffs who are unsuccessful for you know eight ten twelve fifty but eventually.
eventually the wall came down.
And so that's, you want to be part of that as well.
We get serially better as we litigate.
I think the lawyers do, we're all looking at each other's work and trying to find a ways to improve and a better mousetrap to beat it.

[SPEAKER_04]
We all are.
We have a COVID litigation conference coming up in Las Vegas, March 7th through 8th.
Are either of you going to join?
Are you coming?
For sure.
Yep.
I'll be there.

[SPEAKER_03]
Um, yes, I would, I would love to be there.
I was just looking at, um, looking at one of your, I don't know if it was a tweet or something I saw about it.
Um, it's in March, right?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, I'm going to, I'm going to play a little promo for it while you're here.
Here it comes.

[SPEAKER_24]
Extraordinary injustice demands extraordinary lawyers.
And now we are winning.
Build upon the groundbreaking COVID litigation conference in Atlanta and join the lawyers at the forefront of this growing field, as cases are being won and damages awarded.
A recent poll suggests over 40% of Americans would be party to a COVID class action lawsuit.
We invite attorneys to join this important opportunity at the Second COVID Litigation Conference coming to Las Vegas, March 7th and 8th, 2024.
Connect with a diverse group of attorneys for strategic networking and expand your practice in the COVID space.

[SPEAKER_21]
Having a network of people to fall back on who actually understand what it is they're talking about has been critical for me.

[SPEAKER_24]
Learn from the leaders at the frontier who are bringing cases.

[SPEAKER_21]
I sued Rochester General six times.

[SPEAKER_24]
I won in court each of those six times.
Get exclusive resources and the insights you need to litigate COVID cases now from panels, keynotes, and more.

[SPEAKER_01]
At the conference, you're going to see some of the most seasoned COVID litigation attorneys.

[SPEAKER_24]
I always learn something.
Litigate with confidence and be empowered by the transformative event shaping national policy.
Who will right these extraordinary wrongs?
You will at the second COVID litigation conference.
Register now at covidlitigation.com.

[SPEAKER_04]
March 7th through 8th, we definitely welcome both of you to join the CLC2 conference.
Yeah, that's amazing.
And we're going to have Twitter Spaces.
We've been simulcasting on Twitter Spaces.
Can you guys jump over after we're done here and continue the conversation?
I'm sure there'll be more questions over there.
Sure, sure.
Excellent.
Well, thank you both for the heroic work that you both do.
And for coming on tonight and giving us so generously your time, and I want to wish you both a happy holiday season.
Yeah, you too.

[SPEAKER_15]
And Steve, we appreciate what you guys are doing.
Really.
Keep up the great work.

[SPEAKER_14]
It's necessary.
Thank you.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thank you for all the work you guys are doing.
It's so awesome.
Great.
We'll see you over on Twitter.
And thank you, Steve, hang in there for a minute.
I got a couple more announcements to make right after the COVID litigation conference.
We will have the Freedom Economy Convention groundbreaking new trade show and conference is coming to Las Vegas right after CLC two.
Replatform, the freedom economy convention from the team that brought you defeat the mandates.
Replatform Vegas is a three day event where you will connect with the most innovative businesses in the parallel economy as we build an uncantled America.
That's March eight through 10.
I was going to try to show the graphic, but, uh, uh, let me see if I can get my screen share working just so I can actually, uh, see that here it comes.
Yes.
There it is freedom economy in March right after CLC to join us in Vegas.
There's a lot to do there, but hopefully your attention will be focused on these two events.
You're going to go Steve.

[SPEAKER_14]
Absolutely.

[SPEAKER_04]
Excellent.
And then let's continue on.
We do have our swag shop open with awesome merchandise.
I know it's probably too late for Christmas, but we got lots of merchandise there.
So that's another way to donate to us, as well as we do have this matching $25,000 grant.
So
Anything you give now will be double.
So keep donating between now and the end of the year.
If you are so able to do so, everything helps.
So Steve, what are your hopes for 2024 as we sign off on this last episode of 2023?
Well, I'm, uh,

[SPEAKER_14]
I'm very optimistic that we're going to bring this thing down in 2024, this whole charade with the COVID vaccines, and that will then lead to people then, oh, if we can't trust them on the COVID vaccines, what about these other vaccines?
And so I think 2024 will be a banner year.
All of the people who have been telling the truth about these vaccines will be vindicated in 2024.
And as soon as this we end here, I'm going to dash off an email.
to Health New Zealand, telling them, you know, we have an epidemiologist at the top university in New Zealand who has looked at your data and found a very serious and statistically significant safety signal in terms of mortality across all ages eight and above.
Would you like to talk to him?
And we'll see what they say.

[SPEAKER_04]
I hope they respond.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah.
I hope so too.

[SPEAKER_04]
Oh, be fint.
I'm hopeful that people get this just tired of vaccine everything.
I was watching a little TV with my son.
Now they got vaccines for everything.
Like it doesn't matter what it's like.
There's a vaccine coming for it.
Do you think people will actually just get tired of hearing that?
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_14]
You know, there's this new there's this new variant out, right?
And
And what they're saying is true.
I saw this on Yahoo News a couple of days ago.
There's a new variant out.
And if, I don't know, people tuned in last week, it was last week where Gert was on.
So the deal is that they're saying this new variant is out.
It's different.
And they're going to, of course, want to tell you to go get vaccinated.
But the thing you should do, as everybody knows, is

[SPEAKER_21]
Do not get vaccinated.
That is the worst possible thing.

[SPEAKER_14]
And I just tweeted out earlier today, there's this deal from this guy who's saying, you get the COVID vaccine and your natural immunity just goes in the tank and it goes lower and lower and lower every day since the shot.
And your immune system should go down and down and down.
And so he ends it by saying, so get your COVID boosters now to maintain your immunity.

[SPEAKER_21]
I mean, how dumb are these people?

[SPEAKER_14]
I mean, it boggles the mind, the stupidity these people have.
I mean, so anyway, I think we're gonna have, I'm gonna have a really good Christmas with this new data and analysis.
And I hope you all do too.
And I'm really looking forward to 2024 because we're gonna hold these people accountable.

[SPEAKER_04]
That's right.
Thank you for all the work you do, Steve.
And are you going to hop over to Twitter Spaces?

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, just briefly, because I want to get back to this data.

[SPEAKER_04]
OK, well, have a great holiday, Steve.
I'll see you in 2024.
And I'm going to end tonight with the compilation video of all the work that we've done here at VSRF over the last two years.
So you'll see some Defeat the Mandates clips and some COVID litigation clips and a lot of VSRF Live.
So Steve, have a great holiday, and we'll see you next year.

[SPEAKER_21]
Thank you, Olivia.
Would you support a nationwide mandate of the COVID vaccine?

[SPEAKER_19]
No, definitely not.
You don't want to mandate and try and force anyone to take a vaccine.
We've never done that.

[SPEAKER_29]
Starting tomorrow in the district, you'll have to show proof of vaccination to dine out, go to the gym, see a concert or catch a sports game.

[SPEAKER_25]
Full circle.
Here we are.
Here we are, masks, vaccines.
No food.
Can't go to certain places without a mask on or if you don't have a vaccine.
Doctors turning down patients because they're unvaccinated, determining who will live and who will die.
This is absurd, but it was coming.
And compliance is the driving force.

[SPEAKER_02]
The huddled maskless descended upon Washington for the million mandate march.
Thousands of far right-wing nuts joined thousands of far left-wing nuts for what was billed as a defeat the mandates rally.
And if you're wondering what kind of speakers they lined up for this meeting of the minds, the answer is this kind.

[SPEAKER_28]
This is the example of what you get when you choose to attack all members of the human family.
This is what you get when you decide to go after a person's child.
And I have to make it very clear that they really didn't expect all of this.

[SPEAKER_21]
Thousands from across the country rallied today in Washington DC for a rally against COVID-19 mandates.
The message for many on Sunday was not anti-vaccine, but the right to choose.
Thank all of you for coming out today and to stand up for our children, our grandchildren, and our great grandchildren.

[SPEAKER_14]
What we need to do is to start listening to the doctors who have treated thousands of COVID cases with no deaths.
Is that too much to ask?
We represent 17,000 doctors and scientists.

[SPEAKER_16]
Today, you are going to hear the truth.
And the doctors who stand in front of you early on in the pandemic used all their clinical skills and knowledge and compassionately treated each and every high-risk patient to the best of their ability to prevent too bad outcomes, hospitalization and death.

[SPEAKER_10]
We've found no instance across the world, the entire world where any lockdown policy, where any school closure policy, where any mass mandate work, they all failed.
The care of patients should not be dictated by the government, by state agencies or hospitals.

[SPEAKER_21]
The welding of digital technologies, public health and police power are leading to unprecedented invasions on our privacy,
and intrusive methods of control.
Healthy children should not be forced to subject vaccination.

[SPEAKER_09]
Regarding the genetic COVID vaccines, the science is settled.
They're not working.

[SPEAKER_16]
When you wake up in the morning, CNN, did you say I'm going to cancel and censor doctors today so people can die?

[SPEAKER_18]
We're fighting for ourselves, our patients, and all of you.
We are fighting against big pharma.
They have always put profits before patients.

[SPEAKER_26]
I'm coming for you.

[SPEAKER_09]
The truth is like a lion.
You don't have to defend it.
Let it loose.
It will defend itself.

[SPEAKER_11]
Susan, several thousand people here right now listening to performers and speakers, some of whom even say they were injured by the vaccines, but they're insistent that this isn't a vaccine protest, but rather a mandate protest.

[SPEAKER_21]
During COVID, they closed our schools and left the strip clubs open.

[SPEAKER_13]
Frustration on full display.

[SPEAKER_06]
These mandates are affecting people's lives, their livelihood and ability to live.

[SPEAKER_13]
Defeat the mandates rally in downtown Los Angeles.

[SPEAKER_22]
I'm not an anti-vaxxer.
I actually got all my vaccines.

[SPEAKER_13]
Thousands crowding into the park in front of LA City Hall with similar concerns.

[SPEAKER_22]
For a certain percentage of the population, they are actually taking a real risk of severe injury or death.
How is that acceptable to mandate that product?

[SPEAKER_26]
If you had told me three years ago that people in the state of California would be masked against their will, injected against their will, and forced to comply with taking into their bodies an experimental treatment,
in order to work and look after their children, I would have thought you were writing a dystopian science fiction novel.

[SPEAKER_14]
You know, history will not be kind to these people who claim that they're telling people the truth because eventually the truth does come out.

[SPEAKER_04]
The COVID litigation conference, a groundbreaking event that brought together lawyers to address the surging number of cases in the COVID space.

[SPEAKER_21]
I sued Rochester General six times over the course of the year.

[SPEAKER_04]
I won in court each of those six times.
According to Rolling Stone magazine, over the next 10 years, COVID lawsuits are projected to experience tremendous growth.

[SPEAKER_00]
You'll find that your phone will start ringing and ringing and ringing and ringing.

[SPEAKER_04]
Experts predict that COVID litigation will surpass the combined impact of big tobacco and asbestos cases.

[SPEAKER_26]
We are small firms or we are solo practitioners.

[SPEAKER_04]
During this two-day conference, renowned COVID litigators formed panels delving into critical topics like hospital negligence, education mandates, fraud, vaccine injuries, civil rights and future litigation.
You can figure out what is right and true and good if you spend the time.

[SPEAKER_18]
The Prep Act actually doesn't cover negligence.

[SPEAKER_21]
The argument will be that suing CDS or suing your doctor or your pediatrician.
for a violation of informed consent is not covered by PREP Act immunity.

[SPEAKER_06]
What it basically is under New York State law is it allows you to sue a government actor either for something that they're doing that they shouldn't be doing or something that they're supposed to be doing but they're not doing.

[SPEAKER_04]
NPR and Politico praised COVID litigation conference 2023, recognizing its potential for real impact.

[SPEAKER_25]
Every case that is brought under COVID are attacking our freedoms in this country.

[SPEAKER_15]
That is the most exciting, most interesting litigation that we can do as lawyers.
It is the pinnacle of our field and we all have an opportunity to engage in it right now.

[SPEAKER_04]
Visit vacsafety.org now.

[SPEAKER_27]
and I opened the paper and I saw this girl had died unexpectedly.
She woke up and died.
Who knows?
Young people are dying these days.

[SPEAKER_12]
is my duty and responsibility as a consultant cardiologist and public health campaigner to urgently inform doctors, patients and members of the public that the COVID mRNA vaccine has likely played a significant role of being a primary cause of unexpected cardiac arrests, heart attacks, strokes, cardiac arrhythmias and heart failure since 2021.
Until proven otherwise.

[SPEAKER_17]
200 papers showing that the myocarditis causes heart damage and a scar.
And then the scar becomes the basis for a cardiac arrhythmia.
And then the arrhythmia is responsible for the sudden death that we're seeing.
And we're seeing sudden death now on a massive scale in younger people.
It's my view.
It's the COVID-19 vaccine until proven otherwise.

[SPEAKER_21]
You had this kind of indignation that made you just relentless on this issue and you do it in such a wonderful way and it's been so, you've been such a gift to this movement Steve.

[SPEAKER_14]
If you don't have free speech, we're done.
We're, you know, this is so important.
I know a lot of people say, oh, this is boring and all this.
This is important stuff that I learned today and that people need to know that we have a shot at really reclaiming free speech in America.

[SPEAKER_01]
Are you going to be able to have a doctor and you and your doctor can decide what's best for you?
Or are you going to get the same treatment as everybody else, which the government decided you need to have?

[SPEAKER_30]
We have never been able to successfully vaccinate against any coronavirus ever.
So the idea of us sort of waiting around until we were able to find this vaccine was a little strange to me.

[SPEAKER_21]
They've lied to us.
It's manipulation of data.
They've outright lied to us.
We don't have any long-term safety data.
The data is being collected now, unfortunately.

[SPEAKER_18]
When you go to those committees, it's a pre-determined inject that they're going to get approved.
For toddlers, zero-year-olds.

[SPEAKER_21]
Infants three roads you were getting constant nudge style Propaganda messaging and the immediate need to vaccinate and then get boosted and so on and the corporate media was being funded by Pfizer and Moderna I mean we know that the number of people who died suddenly who are dying suddenly all over the world is often

[SPEAKER_14]
They don't know why he died.
No, we know why he died.
Now you may find some comfort in knowing that you are not alone and we are all fighting this fight, but we will win.
Your donation will help us to fight back against this horrible injustice.
And it's even more important because these shots are being delivered to our children.
Please give generously and help support the work of the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation.
Thank you.
