[UNKNOWN]
Music playing

[SPEAKER_08]
I'm down, good town, screen grabbed, down ranked, un-tagged, debunked
Nothing to hide, nothing to fear.
No one to censor, no one to swear.
The revolution's been authorized.
The future privatized.
The consensus created.
Reality created.
Every place you thought you belonged.
Everything you thought you knew is wrong.

[SPEAKER_09]
Left is white, black is white Inside out, hope is down Back to front, the riches

[SPEAKER_08]
Truth stands on the gallows Lies sit on the throne Something in the shadows Communicates by code The unthinkable is now thinkable The poison is trinkable So get with the program, get in sync You better self set up a wrong thing

[UNKNOWN]
Left is bright, black is white Get side out, hope is down Below above, pain is blood Upside down, square is round

[SPEAKER_09]
Back to the front, the road changes hands

[SPEAKER_11]
Tonight on BSRF Live, data scientist John Bodewin Sr. will present his new findings about the pandemic and its consequences, plus three members of the New Hampshire House of Representatives who recently issued their report on the state's response to the COVID-19 pandemic.

[SPEAKER_12]
So Klotz in the brain.
I mean, the graph says it all, you know, 11, 8, 10, 10, 17, 13, 13, and then 27.
Jeffrey was from Hudson, New Hampshire.
He had a stroke in days, hypercoagulable, hyperclotting.
Oh, cerebral venous sinus thrombosis, CVST, intraventricular hemorrhage.
He was hemorrhaging all over his body.
Elaine was 61.
She died.
She was from Rochester, New Hampshire.
61 years old, died January 5th, 2022.
Cerebral herniation in hours, multifocal cerebral infarcts, aortic dissection in days.
Aortic dissection in a cerebral herniation, the heart is not that close to the brain.
Why is she having a hole eaten through the endothelial lining of her aorta?
At the same time, having a massive stroke.
This woman who died, having multiple things going on, needs to be investigated.

[SPEAKER_11]
Good evening, everyone, and welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm your host, Livio Sanchez, and as always, I'm thrilled to be here with you tonight.
We have an important and thought-provoking show lined up as we dive into some groundbreaking developments in the ongoing discussions about public health and government accountability.
First, we'll be joined by analyst John Bodwin Sr., who has been working tirelessly to uncover new evidence related to COVID vaccine injuries and deaths.
Last April, John testified before the New Hampshire State
committee where he presented extensive data gathered from death certificates.
His findings reveal a concerning surge in blood and circulatory circulatory related deaths that align with the COVID-19 vaccine rollout.
John will share these findings tonight and discuss their broader implications.
But that's not all.
We'll also hear from members of the New Hampshire House of Representatives who served on a special commission task with studying their state's response to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Over the last six months, the commission
Thank you.
Sorry about that, folks.
Over the last six months, this commission conducted an exhaustive investigation culminating in the release of the New Hampshire House of Representatives special committee on COVID response efficacy report of findings.
To the best of our knowledge, this is the first state government-led effort in the US to critically evaluate its pandemic response.
The findings, the sobering critique of both state and federal public health agencies highlighting systemic failures that hindered effective crisis management.
This report isn't just to look back.
It's a wake-up call for all of us, sparking vital conversations about transparency, accountability, and what must change moving forward.
Before we get started,
I wanna talk about our fundraiser that's coming up.
Stand by, I'm gonna just, I'm using a new platform tonight, so it's gonna take me a few seconds to get used to some of the new buttons and things here.
But here we go, I got it together here.
I want to remind everyone about our big year-end fundraiser, Misinformation Squares.
It's happening on Thursday, December 5th, just two days after giving Tuesday.
Mark your calendars and join us for what promises to be an entertaining and impactful evening.
We'll be joined by many of your favorite doctors and musical artists, so don't miss out.
Get your tickets now.
Your support helps us continue our mission of uncovering the truth, advocating for accountability, and supporting those who have been injured by the vaccine.
Janet will drop the ticket link in the chat, so be sure to check it out.
And before we go any further, actually, let's bring on VSRF founder, Steve Kirsch.
Hello, Steve.
How are you this evening?
Welcome to VSRF Live.

[SPEAKER_10]
Hi, Livio.
I hope the sound works here.

[SPEAKER_11]
We can hear you loud and clear.
Awesome.
I'm excited for tonight's show.
You know, we've had so many citizens like yourself, Steve, investigating all of the, let's just call it tragedy of the pandemic.
And John's been doing some hardcore investigative work, as well as the House of Representatives that the folks that we're going to have on later in the second half of the show.
But before we even went into that, I wanted to ask you about the report you did on your sub-stack about the 300 pages of evidence from the CDC that show vaccines cause autism.
What did you find and how did you get a hold of these documents?

[SPEAKER_10]
They came via a whistleblower.
And essentially, they confirm some of the stuff that we know from other sources, such as the things from William Thompson, where he said that the CDC basically asked him to destroy evidence.
And it goes further.
These documents go way further than what's in there.
And we offered it to the mainstream media to write a story, to investigate and write a story about it.
But you'll never believe it.
Washington Post actually reported from the Washington Post was interested in looking at the story.
But so I then sent this woman some information and never heard back.

[SPEAKER_11]
Wait, so they responded, yes, that they're interested.
They're interested, yeah.
And then you sent them some information and then that's it.

[SPEAKER_10]
That is correct.

[SPEAKER_11]
How long ago was that?
Does that mean they're not going to get back to you?
Or they just got scared by what they saw, maybe?

[SPEAKER_10]
I don't know.
I see they're not communicating.
They said they were interested in pursuing the story.
And so I reached out to them and said, hey, here's some preliminary information.
And if you can understand this information, then you'll be able to understand what is in the data dump.
And that was the end of the conversation because it was never a conversation because I never heard back from her.

[SPEAKER_11]
Can you update us briefly?
What did you find?
What's the overarching theme here in all of these pages that you found?

[SPEAKER_10]
I think that the main thing is that it confirmed that William Thompson, who blew the whistle on the CDC,
saying that he was ordered by his peers to destroy the evidence, linking vaccines and autism.
The evidence shows, and there was an internal investigation at the CDC and the internal investigation determined that William Thompson was lying about this and that all the other four people in the room were telling the truth that there was no such ask.
Now, there are two really interesting things.
William Thompson is still employed by the CDC.
So if he's lying about this stuff, why wouldn't he be fired?
That's a little bit odd, don't you think?
That's a little bit odd.
And the other thing is that all of the evidence that I received was consistent with William Thompson telling the truth.
So I would like to understand exactly how that investigation determined that William Thompson was lying and maybe
if Congress pulled the right people to testify in front of Congress, we would be able to get answers to that.
We'd be able to get answers to, how is it that all this evidence is inconsistent with what the CDC is saying and what their investigation found?
And how were they able to ignore this evidence in coming to their conclusion?
These are questions
that a lot of people would like the answer to, including me.
And of course, the CDC is not going to answer any of my questions unless those questions are being posed by a member of Congress in a, when there is testimony that's under oath.
And then we may get some answers or we may get, I'm not going to, I declined to answer that question.
which is very incriminating.
I mean, there's no way out of this.
This is going to come to a head because Congress was able to silence these hearings back when they happened by basically disallowing the hearings to happen.
But we're in a new day, and so we can finally
get to the truth of the matter and as you might imagine the reason that this is happening now and not six months ago is because the news for the CDC is very bad.
I mean this will destroy the credibility of the CDC and the fact that they buried this for over 20 years and kept it kept it secret that vaccines are causing autism.
People are going to be livid
at the CDC, it will destroy the reputation of all the people that worked there and who participated in this cover-up.
It's really shocking.
I mean, and there are some people who believe that some people should go to jail over this, and it will not be William Thompson.

[SPEAKER_11]
Well, I'm very interested into learning what's going to happen next because if this, I mean, it just appears as damning as you're saying it is.
And how it is the legacy media, at least the Washington post, uh, they don't want to touch the story.

[SPEAKER_10]
They're going to wait until it's in front of Congress, in which case, in front of the American public, in which case they can't ignore it.
But what's interesting is they have the story of the century, and they have first dibs on the story of the century, and nobody is interested in it, except for Lena, son at the Washington Post, and she's not getting back to me.

[SPEAKER_11]
Well, we'll have to send her a copy of the beginning of this program to let her know that they're on notice.
Like the world is noticing that these documents are out and it's in their hands as well.
And we will continue to.

[SPEAKER_10]
It's nice because it's not just it shows that it's not just the people at the CDC who are corrupt.
You know, I could have published this, right?
And then they would have all ignored it.
But the fact that I'm not publishing it and I'm offering it to 60 minutes and New York Times and Washington Post and so forth.
And nobody is taking, I just did a search.
Nobody's taking me up on this.
Nobody's responding.
Zero.

[SPEAKER_11]
All right, well, to be continued.
To be continued.
We will follow up on it.
So I want to remind everyone or encourage everyone to participate in the discussion by dropping your questions in the chat.
Please write your questions in all caps so we can find them easily.
If you want to ensure that your question gets answered, you can donate through Rumble Rants to move your question to the front of the queue.
Your support not only helps us prioritize your questions, but also keeps this platform running, allowing us to continue delivering the content you care about.
And now I'd like to bring on our longtime friend, John Bodwin Sr.
Welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you tonight, sir?
Hey, doing great.
Livio and Steve, how are you guys doing?

[SPEAKER_10]
We're doing great.
The election was like a weird moment where you suddenly went from beating your head against the wall to, wow, now what?
What do I do first?

[SPEAKER_12]
Everybody is scrambling for their wanted position in the administration.
I'm just keeping my head down, doing my work, and we'll see what happens.

[SPEAKER_11]
Well, along those lines, I'd like to just let our audience know that you have dedicated your life to uncovering the truth about the pandemic and its far-reaching consequences.
Over the past four years, John has authored two books, drafted two legislative bills, initiated three lawsuits, two of which are currently on appeal, and analyzed an unprecedented 1.4 million non-redacted death records.
His groundbreaking epidemiological research has uncovered fraudulent misclassifications of COVID related deaths, identified vaccine induced mortality patterns, and highlighted alarming increases in cancer and kidney related deaths following the vaccine rollout.
John, your tireless work is
I'm fully appreciated by everyone here and it's really great to have you back on the show.
I'm looking forward to your conversation and to your presentation with, uh, uh, as we roll along tonight.
So thank you for being here.
I'll be back for a little Q and a.

[SPEAKER_10]
All right.
So, so John, the obvious question is then with all the stuff you're doing, what are you doing in your spare time?

[SPEAKER_12]
Oh, God.

[SPEAKER_10]
Just that's that's that was really asked that.
Did you know that what that was a joke, John?
Yeah.
It's like you've been you've been kept plenty busy.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, no, I've been going for a few years now, you know, seven days a week, multiple, many hours a day.
And when I get my back hurts, I go up, I go out and I split wood, not not with a machine, but with them all in an axe.
I like it.

[SPEAKER_10]
So do you want to say anything before you jump into the presentation?
Sure.
By way of background?

[SPEAKER_12]
Sure.
Well, background.
Yeah, for people who don't know me, I have a degree in engineering.
I say systems engineering.
It's in the Department of Electrical, Computer, and Systems Engineering.
So it's an electrical engineering degree with a computer science minor.
Think of it that way.
But I concentrated more in the systems level, which has to do, well, let's not get into that.
You know how engineers can talk, Steve.
I do.
I cut an MBA in my 50s.
And right when I graduated, like two weeks before my last class, I ended my son died.
And so I was just depressed and sat on the couch and then COVID hit.
And I was worried about my other two sons.
I raised three boys pretty much on my own.
And, you know, it wasn't affecting them well to say that.
And so I, almost immediately, I think it was about five days before I realized it was all BS.
I won't get into it too much, but I just dug in and then I sued the governor over the mask mandate almost immediately within weeks.
I went to law school because I didn't know what I was doing with the lawsuit.
They kicked me out after a year for not getting the vaccine.
I just did very well in my appeal before a three judge panel at the Massachusetts Court of Appeals.
I'm pretty sure that five of the six counts will be reinstated or it'll be reversed and remanded as they say.

[SPEAKER_10]
This is against your law school.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, I still haven't heard when the 1st Circuit Court of Appeals is going to be the oral argument for the case against the governor and the state of Massachusetts.
That's a different case.
Go ahead, sir.

[SPEAKER_10]
How much are you selling them for?

[SPEAKER_12]
Um, well, it's, I want, I want them to wipe off the cost of the year of law school, which is 28,000, but also it was a, it was a year out of my life where I used to make, I'll just say good money and, um, you know, it's a year I didn't work.
So I want that year and then the year after that.
So I'm looking for several hundred thousand dollars and they just keep making it worse.
But in order to get, and that's consequential damages, which isn't general, it's a different kind of damages where you have to prove fraud in the inducement.
And so once I prove fraud in the inducement,
which anybody who watched the hearing, you hear the judge school me on what fraud is, and I say, okay, negligent misrepresentation, not fraudulent inducement.
I didn't want to argue him at the time, but I didn't plead account of fraud, but it's necessary for me to prove fraud in order to get consequential damages, but I didn't go into it with him then.
So.

[SPEAKER_10]
So do you think you'll be successful?

[SPEAKER_12]
I think I'll be successful for the contract breaches.
Yeah, absolutely.
I mean, I got them dead to rights.
There's express written statements where I said, hey, I'm deaf in one ear from getting a shot when I was four.
I'm not taking the COVID vaccine when it comes out.
Do you have an exemption process?
The director of admissions of the school writes back, don't worry, you're over 30.
You don't have to get the vaccine.
Nobody from the school is going to ask you if you got the vaccine.
The third sentence was, if a doctor says you don't have to get it, then you don't have to get it.
And then the fourth sentence was, trust me, nobody from this school is going to be first in line for that vaccine.
So they were saying the third sentence conditions the prior to, which it does not.
And that's where the argument is.
So yeah, I'll be successful.

[SPEAKER_10]
How long do you think that'll take though?

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, yeah.
Well, I'm already more than two years on, right?
Yeah, I don't know.
It could be another two to five years, the way things go, because I think when we go back, the judge hated me because it was about vaccines.
Her demeanor completely changed when she heard the word vaccine, and she dismissed the case, you know, erroneously.
But really, I would say it's a conspiracy against rights.

[SPEAKER_10]
And so you got it reinstated, basically, by appealing it.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, it's not done yet.
I mean, they still have to vote.
There are three of them.
If
two of them go against me, then I'm out still.
But and then I'll go to the Supreme Judicial Court of Massachusetts.
But it seems to have gone really well.

[SPEAKER_10]
So and there's no they're not putting out an olive branch to say, hey, let's just settle this and no, save us.

[SPEAKER_12]
It's been the opposite of the time, Steve, they ghosted me completely.
They unenrolled me from the school before registration was even up and they never ruled on my religious exemption.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, so I mean, I got them dead to rights.
It's just they don't want to how many lawyers do they have on their side?

[SPEAKER_12]
Well, they were law school.
They used in house counsel, which is one of the professors from law school.

[SPEAKER_10]
So just one just one professor.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, well, they have two on the case officially, but they only brought one.
It's just a 15 minute oral argument.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, so, but, but they had to put in a there must have put in have put in many hours of time to fight this.

[SPEAKER_12]
Um, yeah, I mean, they did a lot of case, a lot of research.
Um, none of the cases really fit.
I mean, they, they said what they said, it incorporates as a contract term.
They're trying to get out of it and.
They didn't make any sense, some of the stuff they said.

[SPEAKER_10]
The judges were not kind to... You know, it would be nice to use this particular case history as a case study in the law school, wouldn't it?
Here's how our law school sues our former students and loses.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, well, it gets worse.
I mean, I can't even explain what happened.
But if I go back, if I get discovery, Steve,
It's not just going to be about it.

[SPEAKER_10]
We'll see.
Yeah, if I get every fine, you'll see.
All right.
OK, so this episode happened because I asked you if you could summarize in 10 slides or some arbitrarily small number that I named and asked you if you could summarize for people exactly what you found and convince people
that these vaccines are not as safe and effective as they thought because, you know, all of us on this call, I mean, we're all thinking like, oh, these vaccines are safe and effective and people like Kersh and other people are misinformation spreaders and they're just really safe and these people just don't know how to interpret scientific information.
Has anyone challenged you on any of your stuff?

[SPEAKER_12]
No, nobody can at all.
It's all factual.
Steve, okay, here's the crux of what we're here to talk about tonight.
I don't get into statistics, not inferential statistical methods.
I do descriptive statistics that a lot of people don't call statistics.
I visualize data for people with a brain, not people who are into statistics, but like regular people can look at it and say, oh my God, what the hell happened?
But still, tonight, Steve, I'm not going to talk about numbers.
I'm not going to show any graphs.
I'm just going to talk about hard evidence in the context of the elements that are required to convict on fraud, manslaughter, and murder.

[SPEAKER_10]
OK. All right.
Why don't we just, instead of beating around the bush, why don't we let you just go right into it?
Is there a way for you to share your screen, or how are we going to work it?

[SPEAKER_12]
I have done so and it's up to Livio to put it out to the third party and you guys tell me.

[SPEAKER_10]
We're at the top and your slides are at the bottom.

[SPEAKER_12]
Okay.
Oh, there we go.
Yeah, you're on my right.
All right, Steve, I'm going to talk pretty fast through this.
Feel free to interrupt me, but I'm going to really motor because we just blew like 10 minutes or something.
Okay.
Okay.
So the agenda, I'm going to go through the requirements of conviction for fraud, manslaughter, murder.
I will, I am not going to talk about the paradoxes.
I nixed that.
I'll do an opening argument, 10 slides of evidence.
And it's not 12 point font.
It might be 14 point font.
It's real small, but I fit it on 10 slides.
and then a closing argument and discussion.
So Steve, question for you.
How many VAX deaths before the shots should be pulled?
Is it 50, 500, 5,000, 0.05%, half a percent, 5% or is this where we compare the VAX death rate to the COVID death rate and say, oh, one's bigger, now we're gonna make you take it?
Which one should be the one to decide to pull the shots?

[SPEAKER_10]
Um, well, uh, VFR is vaccine fatality rate.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_10]
Okay.
Okay.
Um, well, those are all too high.
Uh, so it the answer is 50.

[SPEAKER_12]
There you go.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_10]
That would be that sort of the correct answer.
The traditional, this is, you know, prior, this is the way science used to work, right?
50 deaths would be sufficient to pull a vaccine.

[SPEAKER_12]
All right.
So we're going to go with that for the rest of this presentation.

[SPEAKER_10]
And, okay, Sam, that's the right answer, right?

[SPEAKER_12]
Well, yeah.
Yeah.
That's the one we're going to use for this presentation.
And that's the one I hoped you would go for.
And you did.

[SPEAKER_10]
So I'm just a sucker for, for facts.

[SPEAKER_12]
All right.
So the elements of the crime, in order to convict somebody, most crimes have, like you have to be in the state of mind when you commit the act.
That's how you're convicted.
And they have to happen at the same time.
You can't plan to murder somebody.
You want to murder them, and then you change your mind and you accidentally run them over with the car.
It's not murder.
It might be manslaughter, but it's not murder.
They have to happen concurrently.
And then the injury does have to occur.
And when you get into fraud, so what is fraud?
It's a misrepresentation of a material fact.
The word material is important.
It has to be material to the injury that subsequently ensues.
So the misrepresentation, safe and effective, okay?
We're gonna prove here that it's not safe and effective.
And that it is a misrepresentation to say it is.
And that they know to be false or they don't know is true.
So testing on pregnant women, babies, robust trials, it didn't happen.
It wasn't done at the time.
So at the time they were saying that it was safe for women, safe for pregnant women, safe for babies, they didn't know.
And they knew they didn't know.
So that I'm not even going to try to prove that that's already proven intent for another to rely on their misrepresentation.
Okay, their whole purpose in advertising all these and telling us to take them is to get us to take the vaccine.
So to rely on the fact that they're saying it's safe, take it.
Uh, that I'm not going to try to prove that that's a given.
The other, uh, the other person does rely on the statement.
All right.
And so people took this because the government said it was safe.
I'm not going to try to prove that it's already proven.
And the last one is, did an injury result?
Um, that is where I'm going to spend most of my time tonight.
for manslaughter and unintentional killing resulting from the defendant's criminally negligent or gross negligent conduct.
And that could be the omission of investigation concurrent with a legal duty to act if the lifeguard is watching someone drown and won't help them.
They're being reckless with that person's life.
It's reckless disregard.
So either that or, okay, or during the commission of an unlawful act.
Now, the fraud that I just mentioned is unlawful.
So if somebody dies from an unnatural killing while they're committing fraud or as a result from the fraud, then that's manslaughter.
So I'm pretty much probably going to show you that.
All I got to do is show you some, show you that people died, right?
They died.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_10]
All right, so let me ask you that the quick question is, does that mean that I can, that I can't, but that the DA should bring a, the DA in Santa Clara County should bring a manslaughter charge against Saracote, for example.

[SPEAKER_12]
I'm not sure who it is.

[SPEAKER_10]
Is the public health official in Santa Clara County?

[SPEAKER_12]
Okay, yeah, so you have.

[SPEAKER_10]
She's telling people to take the vaccines.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, you're going to have to prove that she actually knows they're unsafe while she's telling people they're safe or that you provided her with information.
They're unsafe and she disregarded it.
And so she having a legal duty to act.
Right.

[SPEAKER_10]
But what about if she said, oh, and pregnant women should take the vaccine?
Okay.
So that that is in your criteria now.

[SPEAKER_12]
So are we saying something that you have to have slaughter?
Yeah.
So that would be.
Again, for fraud, you're going to have to prove that she didn't know or that she recklessly didn't know by purposely not wanting to know.
That's a tough group, but she might.
This is different from the I'm going after the CDC.
They did.

[SPEAKER_10]
So the CDC definitely knew.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah.
So I'm going after the CDC in this presentation.

[SPEAKER_10]
But then can you get them personally or like can you get any of these people at the CDC in jail?

[SPEAKER_12]
Well, yeah, that's what I'm doing.
Yeah.
If the government didn't have a monopoly on criminal prosecution, they'd be prosecuted.
But they do.
They do.
That's the whole problem.
So if a new DOJ gets in there and wants to do their job,
They can absolutely prosecute them criminally and individually.
That's my whole gig, man.
I'm not into lawsuits as much.

[SPEAKER_10]
Okay.
Wow.
So that would be pretty cool.
So what would like, how many people could be prosecuted and put in jail at the CDC?
on this.

[SPEAKER_12]
You're not going to prosecute the organization, and that's why I tell people all the time.
It's all about the individual behaviors and responsibilities.
The CDC memorandum, which is my second publication, I say served.
I sent it certified mail to the directors of the CDC, FDA, NIH, and 13 of their deputy directors.
I have a record that they received it.
It's 170 pair enumerated paragraphs of factual allegations with people's names, their share file numbers, the state, the state death numbers, what they died from and just hard information and express written statements.
I'm going to show you a lot in this presentation.

[SPEAKER_10]
Okay, but you didn't answer my question.
So Mandy and how many of her friends at the CDC?

[SPEAKER_12]
You're going to have to prove that each one has been put on notice and had knowledge, and then they failed to act and somebody subsequently died after they failed to act.
So Steve, think about it as a lifeguard at a pool.
They have a legal duty to save somebody.
They were hired for that job and put in that place, and somebody else could be in that job, but they're in that job.
And not only do they know somebody's drowning,
Um, they watch and the person actually does drown and does die.
That's murderous.

[SPEAKER_10]
No, I get that.
But but my, my, so you don't know.
what the extent of this is that there would have to be an investigation into each individual person in order to assess liability.

[SPEAKER_12]
Absolutely.
You have to, like, mens rea or the criminal mind is the most difficult thing to prove.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_10]
Go ahead.
Yeah.
Okay.
And so what's your estimate of the number of people that you think
could be prosecuted at the CDC.
Do you think it's on the order of one or a handful?
Is it dozens or is it hundreds or is it thousands?

[SPEAKER_12]
Well, in my case, it's about six because I served the information to the six.
But then through further investigation and grand jerry subpoenas, which is where this would go, you would find others.
I mean, you would find more.
I'm sure
Aaron Siri would have a bunch of information and I'm sure that Tom Renz would have a bunch of information.

[SPEAKER_10]
Sure.
What's your guess?

[SPEAKER_12]
I don't know, Steve.
I don't like to guess the numbers.
I know you want numbers.
So this is, I call it, well, I don't call it.
It's an old common law depraved heart murder.
Every state is a little bit different.
So I just chose a generic one.
An unintentional killing resulting from a willful act concurrent with depraved indifference to human life.
So there's your mens rea or your mental aspect and gross reckless conduct.
So the conduct has to be like, not like, you know, I was driving really fast, but like real, I'm shooting into a room full of people.
It has to be really negligent.
Now, you'd have to make the argument that the vaccine is inherently dangerous as it's injected into the body past the skin.
So it's a medical battery.
There's a lot to it.
This is kind of difficult to prove.
But the most important thing is.
If I can prove that they're purposely omitting vaccine as a cause of death on reports to the people and they're hiding it and they know people are dying.
So they know people are dying through that.
They're purposely hiding it from the people.
That's a knowingly dangerous act, that omission because it flows to a needle going in somebody's arm with medical battery.
So I believe I can prove this.
This is what I'm doing tonight.
More importantly, I just want to, I think I've told you my opening argument.
This is not data.
It's not research papers.
All the research papers from the last four years might be persuasive evidence in court.
They're not going to be conclusive evidence.
You need to find a person who died and a person who did something to that person.
You need to find the person at the CDC who hid the information.
We deleted the email who deleted Y 590, which is viral vaccines.
If you remember last week, you asked about the code.
I said you 1 2.9.
We can talk about that with the New Hampshire people when they come on.
Y 590 is the code.
So I'll go through that.
So here we go.
Now I'm going to have to go really fast because I don't have a lot of time.
So these are paragraphs 49 through 51 of the CDC memorandum.
On July 3rd, Aaron Hertzberg published an article in Brownstone called CDC authored Minnesota death certificates that list a COVID vaccine as a cause of death.
You can find that article on Brownstone if you go there, brownstone.org.
So Hertzberg's thesis in the article was an accusation of fraud committed by the CDC in the omission of Y590, which is an ICD-10 code, which means viral vaccines, death from viral vaccines, from Minnesota death certificates that expressly mentioned the word vaccine or the word vaccination in parts one or two.
Hertzberg wrote, quote, in almost every death certificate that identifies a COVID vaccine as a cause of death, the CDC committed data fraud by not assigning the ICD-10 code for vaccine side effects to the causes of death listed on the death certificate, close quote.
So two days later, on July 5th, 2023, Greg Piper from Just The News sent an email to media at CDC
And he wrote, hello, this is Greg Piper at Just The News in D.C.
I wanted to get this agency's response to this reported discovery about your categorization of Minnesota death certificates and any link.
So on July 6, Kristen Nordland, the next morning, so Greg sent that out at 912 p.m. on July 5th at 1046 a.m. Kristen Nordland of the CDC Public Affairs replied to Greg Piper of Just The News.
Now, here's my commentary about her email.
And this is in the CDC memorandum.
The response email from Nordland is an unintelligible word salad seemingly debating the difference between the word vaccine and the word vaccination.
The email appears to be an attempt to misinform, disinform, and outright pervericate expressing that there is no unusual pattern of illness or death resulting from COVID immunizations.
All right, here's her email.
Hi, Greg.
Thanks for reaching out to the CDC.
The claim in this post is incorrect.
The ICD-10 codes in question pertain to adverse effects of vaccines, not vaccination.
Vaccination is not a disease or cause of death.
So simple mention of the vaccine or vaccination without mention of adverse effects will not get coded.
The examples here, excuse me, the examples in the article for which the adverse effects codes are included are those that mention adverse or side effective vaccine.
The examples for which the codes are not included do not contain such language.
That's an unintelligible word salad if you, I mean, I think I factually stated that it's not just my opinion.
And she goes on to say, this is comical.
COVID vaccines are undergoing the most intense safety monitoring in US history.
To date, CDC has not detected any unusual or unexpected patterns for deaths following immunization that would indicate that COVID vaccines are causing or contributing to deaths outside the nine confirmed TTS deaths following the Janssen vaccine.
You know what a limited hangout is, right?
So when an adverse, so this is her going on, when an adverse effect event, including death is reported to the CDC, it is classified as, you know what, I don't have to read the rest.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, it's irrelevant.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, she said vaccinations are not vaccines.
All right.
What she did was she tailored her excuse around the three Minnesota ones that were coded.
She picked out the exact words in the three that were coded with Y59.0 that differed in the other six that were not coded.
What she didn't realize is that we also have the master master's record.
And it says vaccination, not vaccine.
It does not say side effect.
It does not say adverse effect.
And it is coded with Y590, meaning that she lied.
She outright lied.
She tailored her excuse, but she didn't realize we had more data.

[SPEAKER_10]
But was she aware of that data, though?
When you say she lied, you have to know that she had the data in her possession and that she crafted her response with an assumption that you didn't know that she knew.

[SPEAKER_12]
Okay, trying to get through what you said, she has a duty to at least find out if she was reckless, okay, a reckless state of mind in the fraud.
She didn't have to know it was a false statement when she made it, but she did know that she didn't know the truth of the matter.
Okay, the truth of the matter.

[SPEAKER_10]
So it was right, which is different than line.
I'm right.

[SPEAKER_12]
It gives her a long I'm being you know, I was on your little here, but if you don't know the answer, but you say something, you can't say that's not a lie.
It's a lie.

[SPEAKER_03]
She knew she didn't know.

[SPEAKER_12]
She's lying, only nine Jansons.
All right, so this is the first look that anybody here can look at.
If you just go to CDC Wonder, this isn't any of my databases.
And you look for Y590, there's zero.
Oh, that means viral vaccines, Y590, all right?
There's a Y590 prefix that can also be used, but those are some other vaccines.
This is viral vaccines.
Zero in 2019, zero in 2020, 195 in 2021.

[SPEAKER_10]
That looks like a safety signal to me.
Yeah John say so That looks like a big safety signal.
How is that not it?
How is that not a big safety signal John?
Like I'd explain that one maybe like the Democrats in the New Hampshire legislature
Um, would be able to explain that to us, right?
Well, you remember I can explain how that's not a safety signal, right?

[SPEAKER_12]
She said they only know about nine Janssen deaths.
This is a hundred and ninety five with Wi-Fi band out zero coded at the CDC and on the right side, you see.
Connecticut had one.
Massachusetts had one up until a few months ago when they finally put Y590 on a death record that the family has to be put on there for three years.
So now there's two.
And then Minnesota three.
If you take those six and you divide by the populations of the United States versus those three states, it's 0.049.
It extrapolates to 122, which is in the same order of magnitude as 195.
So basically, it's not nine.
It's in the hundreds, at least, at the very least, they're coded with Y590.
Now I'm going to get into some really, I'm going to really go fast.

[SPEAKER_10]
All right.
But yeah, OK, so but that's a, like, has anybody responded to that particular statistic with a, oh, John, that's because of this?

[SPEAKER_12]
What I have is far more damning than that.
That's just a one.

[SPEAKER_10]
That's pretty damning.
That is pretty damning.

[SPEAKER_12]
That's data.
I don't care about that.

[SPEAKER_10]
Damning to me.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_12]
All right.
So I'll call out the documents.
So if people ever want to download them, they can.
So the Connecticut Memoranda series volume two paragraph two, Micah was 16 years old.
He died in June of 21, stressed cardiomyopathy following second dose of Pfizer-BioNTech, VOSID.
They spelled COVID wrong.
I kept the spelling errors in here.
This is the exact phrase from the death record in Connecticut of Micah, 16-year-old boy.
It was coded with Y59.0.
It's the only one.
After that, the next three are not coded.
So what you have is the CDC coding, the first one in Connecticut, not the next three, the first one in Massachusetts, not the next nine, the three in Minnesota, not six.
So they either stopped coding them manually or when the trans acts in ACME software.
So Steve, this is important.
The states send the death records with the English words on them to the CDC.
The CDC applies the codes using software that automatically reads the words and puts the codes on, then they send them back to the CDC.
So if that's actually happening automatically, Steve, somebody's deleting them before it gets back to the states, because they're missing.
The Y590s are missing.
I'll go through them.
The ALSI was 73, paragraph three of the Connecticut Memoranda series, volume two.
We know that's from vaccines.
It happened on the flu vaccines.
Received second Pfizer 28 days before start of symptoms.
Died in about five months.
Does not say Wi-Fi 9.0 even though it's called out.
Pfizer, BioNTech, COVID-19 vaccine.
It should be coded.
Paragraph four, Juana was 39 years old.
Sudden cardiac death, probable myocarditis.
novel coronavirus infection status post COVID-19 vaccination.
What they're telling you here, and they coded it for COVID.
She died after getting the COVID vaccine.
She died from myocarditis.
They said she died from COVID in the death record.
It was coded for COVID.
It was not coded for the vaccine.
These are felony fraud crimes being committed.
You can say, oh, it's an accident, but once they're alerted of it, and I did file a whistleblower report with the auditors of public accounts in Connecticut, and I've not heard from them in three months.
Lorraine was 85, congestive heart failure, hypertension.
It says COVID vaccine given on 422.
Oh, that was two days before she died.
Not just a coincidence.
Yep, just a coincidence.
And it's an express written statement in the death record and why 590 is missing.
Then you get into Massachusetts, the Connecticut memorandum, paragraph one, Solomon Kizzito, acute bronchon ammonia and idiopathic thrombocytopenia.
We don't know where it comes from, thrombocytopenia.
following COVID-19 vaccination.
That was coded.
It's the only one in Massachusetts up until the family leaned on the state.
And after three years, they relented.
That's on the bottom.
I'll get to that other one.

[SPEAKER_10]
You mean it was finally coded?
It was not coded originally, and then they finally decided to code it?

[SPEAKER_12]
After three years, yeah.

[SPEAKER_10]
Oh, OK, well, three years later.

[SPEAKER_12]
OK. And when they added the vaccine in the list of things, they didn't change the underlying or the root cause of death.
It's still COVID.
They're saying COVID caused the vaccine that caused the stroke.
That's how it reads now.

[SPEAKER_10]
COVID caused a vaccine that caused a stroke.
Well, there you go.
That's science for you.
That's why I'm not in medicine.
I just don't understand how you could have COVID cause a vaccine, which causes the death.

[SPEAKER_12]
That's the way it reads right now, because they get at the vaccine, but they didn't add it to be the underlying cause of death.
They added it after COVID.
All right, so Martha was 84.
Let's see, second COVID vaccination was given five days before death and she developed fever and mental status changes shortly after getting it.
So she got the shot, she had fever and mental status changes shortly after the shot, degraded for five days and died.
No code.
It's not coded.
Doris was 85 paragraph four of the CDC.

[SPEAKER_10]
Well, there are those codes, right?
The F0351.

[SPEAKER_12]
Oh, yeah, those are all the other stuff like dementia, urinary tract infection, acute and chronic lyrium.

[SPEAKER_10]
What's the underlying cause of death?

[SPEAKER_12]
Uh, it's the FO3.
It's the, um, what is that?
Uh, dementia.
That's dementia, I believe.

[SPEAKER_10]
Oh, okay.
So just, just, just a coincidence that happened right after the vaccine.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, yeah.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_12]
It's turbo dementia, Steve.
And I'm not joking about that.

[SPEAKER_10]
There really is.
She was, she was fine before that.

[SPEAKER_12]
Oh, Steve, this particular thing where somebody has dementia, they get the shot and they really quickly degrade, that's been written in a lot of records.
It's turbo dementia.
I'm not kidding.
It's no joke.

[SPEAKER_10]
So they're fine.
They get dementia and die.

[SPEAKER_12]
No, they have dementia and they're doing fine and they might die in five years, but they get the shot and they're dead in days or weeks.
It goes turbo.

[SPEAKER_10]
And how do people die from dementia?
I thought dementia is just a mental decline.

[SPEAKER_12]
Well, with Alzheimer's, I mean, you have the breakdown in the brain of controlling autonomic functions, right?

[SPEAKER_10]
So that's the progression.

[SPEAKER_12]
I think so.
I'm not a doctor.
I try not to answer questions like that, but I'm pretty sure that's it.

[SPEAKER_10]
Okay.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah.
So where was I?
So Doris, I think I talked about Doris, vaccine the prior, oh, received second vaccine the prior week.
Diane was 62 acute intracranial hemorrhage.
So her head blew apart with a hemorrhagic stroke in this setting of, oh, there's that word again, thrombocytopenia.
In a person treated with COVID-19 vaccination 11 days prior, Donna was 67.
You got COVID vaccination, but there's recent fentanyl use and other things, but still it's written it should be coded.
Paragraph eight, Pearl was 97.
COVID-19 vaccination, it says, congestive heart failure, should be coded, but it's not.
Now Brianna was 30.
She's in chapter two of my book.
I'll talk a little bit more about her later, but basically it's a stroke.
She reacted in hours to the vaccine, took days to die, and they wrote that she died from COVID because she tested positive.
three to four months earlier with no symptoms.

[SPEAKER_10]
But there's the Y590 there.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, that's the one that was added.
That's the one I was telling you about.

[SPEAKER_10]
Three years.
Three years took them to add that one.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, that was just added a few months ago, Steve.
Okay.
She died in April of 2021.
She died.

[SPEAKER_06]
I wonder if we should chat, Lou.

[SPEAKER_12]
Dang.
Is that Yuri?
Stay muted, Yuri.
Joanne was 59.
Cardiac arrhythmia in seconds, COVID vaccination, two days.
It says it right there in the death record.
Two days, COVID vaccination, 59 years old, not coded.
Richard was 60.
Cardiac arrhythmia, suddenly cardiopulmonary arrest.
Okay, here you go.
This is in part two of the death record.
Recent COVID-19 vaccine on date of death.
He died on the same day from cardiac arrhythmia.
He just had a heart attack and died.
What a coincidence.
Not coded.
Somebody took the time to write that in the death record, the certifier of death, perhaps a medical examiner or physician attending at time of death, and it's not coded.
David was 10 years old.
He had complications from birth, but he did get the vaccine and died.
Lawrence was 85.
Guillain-Barre in five months.
Start of symptoms five months later.
So it says, Gamberay after vaccination, five months.
So it takes five months to die from Gamberay.
Clearly it caused it, we know it.
It was in the other one too.
I told you one just a minute ago on the other page.

[SPEAKER_10]
So let me ask you this, how do these compare with the death records?
If you look at death records before the COVID vaccines rolled out,
Would you find any death records similar to this where they got a influenza vaccine and then?
Oh, there's very few.

[SPEAKER_12]
Did you look?
Yeah, yeah.
I did.
I looked for VACCIN so that I would cover vaccine vaccination and vaccinated.
So I did string searches.
And now, Steve, there's a few people who get like
They get hormones for hormone treatment for older people, whether it's estrogen or whatever.
There's been some deaths from those injections and those codes are very similar to the vaccine deaths.
So yeah, I did look through a whole bunch of them and there's nothing really.
It's like one flu vaccine death from four years ago.
There's nothing like this.
I mean, these are piled up and I'm still in 2021.
I haven't even gotten to the other years yet.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, you know, I'm trying to play the other side here because I can imagine the real truth or looking at this and saying, oh, well, well, this is because, no, I'm going to try to, I'm kind of trying to get into his brain and think the way that he would think and he'd say that, oh, the reason that vaccination is coming up is because there were so many more people that got the COVID vaccine than other vaccines.
So that's why you're seeing this.
vaccine popping up in concert with these other sort of normal conditions that people die.

[SPEAKER_12]
We covered that.
You and I covered that.
I said pick a number.
You said 50.
I'll hit 50 tonight.
So these three

[SPEAKER_10]
Right.
So the point is that these combinations of things that are happening at the same time that people are dying are unusual throughout history.
You can't go back and whether it's associated with the vaccine or not, you just don't see these combinations, right?

[SPEAKER_12]
No, no, not.
And the other thing is
These are express written statements and the rules for the death record, you're not supposed to write something that didn't happen or wasn't causal.
If it's in part one, it has to be causal.
If it's in part two, contributing, right?
They're writing it here.
This is an express written statement.
The intention of the death certifier is that it is known the vaccine had a contributing factor or was the cause.
That's why it's written here.
I'm telling you, there's no argument that the real whatever his name is,
He has no, go argue with, I wasn't going to say it.
Go argue with the death certifier.
Okay.
Put him on a witness stand and try to get him to say that he lied.
This is not me.
I'm not saying, these are express written statements and you have the CDC saying that these don't exist.
And I'm telling you they do because I have the record.
Now I'm going to have to go really fast.
Okay, go 53 year old Massachusetts vaccinated against COVID-19 Minnesota sudden cardiac death less than a day.
This is COVID vaccine second dose 10 hours prior to death.
Not coded.
Here's one second dose the day before her cardiac arrest not coded.
That's a, so the other one was 78 at 77.
92 year old heart attack.
COVID-19 vaccination felt sick after the vaccine died in four, one, two, three days.
So, yeah, now we're in Minnesota.
Natural causes, Pfizer vaccine on 219.
So that's nine plus nine is 18 days.
Remote, natural causes, second dose on 219.
Okay.
Anyway, it says it.

[SPEAKER_10]
Vaccine, it says it.
I think we get the idea.

[SPEAKER_12]
All right.
So I got a whole bunch of them.
Hemoparicarium, adverse reaction to.
Here's your Y590, it says adverse reaction to.
And up here, side effects, Y590.
Those are the other two in Minnesota.
So there's a bunch more in Minnesota and a bunch more.
And then you have 10 stroke deaths, thrombocytopenia again, that's Diane I told you about.
Joseph, the day after vaccination had a headaches and confusion, it got worse.
He went to the ER bleeding on his brain, intracerebral hemorrhage and died, okay?
Absolute vaccine cause stroke, same with Diane, same with Brianna.
Oh, Steve, here's some language from
No, six doctors from Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center and Harvard Medical College wrote a report, fatal post-COVID mRNA vaccine associated cerebral ischemia.
That means the vaccine killed her by stroke in the title.
That's what that means.
Here are some quotes from that.
Venus thrombosis have been linked to several COVID-19 vaccines, several, OK?
Prior asymptomatic, asymptomatic COVID-19 infection three months earlier, a number of case reports demonstrated systemic thrombosis post COVID-19 vaccination.
Steve, they know.
And then here's the big one.
While this patient did not have a CVST, that's a cerebral venous sinus thrombosis.
CVST has been previously associated with COVID-19 vaccination where thrombocytopenia is frequent.
So after all those things, number of case reports, several reports, several vaccines, frequent, you know what the conclusion says, Steve, it's extremely rare.
It's extremely rare to get published.
You have to say that.
So right after her Eden, 20 miles away, five weeks later, a 17 year old girl goes, gets injected as terrible headaches, goes to the doctor twice.
Her headache resolves so she gets her second shot.
Massive acute intercranial hemorrhage, large intraventricular hemorrhage, massive brain swelling and infarctions, CVST.
She died.
And then William was 85 and Helen was 87, Arlene was 51.
Let's see, Arlene got the booster on 613, 2022.
Later that day, bad headache, increased size of hematoma, vasogenic edema, midline shift in her brain, right, herniation, unable to perform surgical intervention due to thrombocytopenia.
Death record is brain death, acute brain herniation, acute brain edema, acute left temporal hemorrhage.
And it was later the day after the booster.
She was killed, but these are all strokes, Steve.
Stroke, stroke, stroke, stroke, stroke.
And then Marjorie and Amaya.
Amaya, both the bears and the death record.

[SPEAKER_10]
We can probably move on to just to save on time.
I think we're getting the drift here.
I mean, does anyone ever have any pushback on these saying, oh, that's totally normal.
This happens every day.
And it's just a coincidence.

[SPEAKER_12]
it's expressly written by the death certifier.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, okay, CDC.
I know, I know.

[SPEAKER_12]
But I will, let me jump on that and say, both Eden and Amaya may have had congenital defects in the vasculature of their brains.
Would they have lived to 40, 35, 30?
They didn't have the chance.
They died at 17 and 12 by reacting within hours to the vaccine and dying in days from a hemorrhagic, yeah.

[SPEAKER_10]
Right, but the thing is that see all, I would say most of these cases say, hey, 11 days after the vaccine, this happened, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
And they're not saying that it happened due to the vaccine.
It's just a relevant thing in terms of docuring, but it doesn't necessarily say that the

[SPEAKER_12]
Uh, they, those aren't just these are express written statements by the certifier of death who should not write.
They're not writing.
Oh, they got the flu vaccine too.
Oh, they got this.
They get that, you know, and I know that I'm I actually got four vaccines at once.
You got the meningococcal Tdap HPV in her left arm and her third COVID shot in her right arm.
So they're not writing everything, Steve.
They're only writing what they believe to be the cause of death.
And you already know that the vaccine is pro-thermotic.
And in the article, it's all there.
Then I do heart-related stuff, myocarditis, 20-year-old, 36, 16, 11.
The 11-year-old boy family said got the vaccine late November.
He died on December 3.
Cardiac dyserythmia of unknown etiology.
We don't know where it came from.
They pulled his heart out of his chest to donate it, but they couldn't use it because it was full of cloth, Steve.
Wow.

[SPEAKER_10]
48 years.
How often does that happen in an 11-year-old, John?

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah.
And then Charles, the Bose Corporation.

[SPEAKER_10]
Does it ever happen in an 11-year-old?
I mean, can you go back in the death records and see if you have any other 11-year-olds?

[SPEAKER_12]
You're trying to do data again.
You're trying to do statistical inferences.
I love statistical inferences.
It doesn't matter.
It happened to him.
without a doubt, without question.
There's no question.
It does this to kids.
And I have, I've shown you a bunch of kids, you know, Charles.

[SPEAKER_10]
But you have to have the numbers would show you if that is an occurrence that could be caused by something else versus the vaccine.
It just makes it more compelling when you can say that, hey, before the vaccine, there was no history of this ever happening.
And now we have 10 cases of this or,

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, it's eight, so I'll just finish up.
Rocko is a good one.
I'll do Rocko and then Ethel.
So myocardial infarction died one day after vaccine from an end stemming.
Ethel, let's see.
She's in Vermont.
Get this.
Patient woke up the morning after vaccine, tachycardic, 145 beats per minute, Q wave abnormalities, showing ischemia.
Two days after vaccination, she died.
of a heart attack.
Nobody's going to find that.
I found it.
There's a VAERS record on her.
Somebody put it in there.
They know she gets the shot.
She goes tachycardic, which we know is from the vaccine.
You know about POTS.
Everybody knows about POTS from this vaccine.
And she died in two days because she was 98 years old.
And I'm done, except just let me do some notes here.
For everybody who spends time, everybody listening, if you spend time on X or Facebook and we read research papers and we talk about this paper came out or that paper came out in this study.
All that is nothing compared to the conclusive evidence in express written statements that I showed you tonight.
So I've served most of this information to the directors of the CDC FDA NIH.
And I would ask that anybody out there.
spend just a little bit of time and I'll put templates out on my sub-stack.
I just thought about this, you know, actually my friend Michelle said, well, what are you going to tell him?
What do you say?
Well, I'll tell him I'll put it on my sub-stack.
I will put templates for the FOIAs out there.
People should ask, so what did you do with the information?
Who saw the information?
Let's create a trailer.
Who received it?
What investigation was done?
We need to start doing things that are not, we've been looking at research papers for four years and it hasn't done anything.
They know that we're on two parallel tracks.
We keep complaining and they keep ignoring us.
Yeah, okay.

[SPEAKER_10]
So have you heard anything back from the CDC?

[SPEAKER_12]
No, I gotta do a FOIA to say, how come I haven't heard from you?
What have you done with it?
So I'm gonna do a FOIA, I'm asking other people also do FOIAs.

[SPEAKER_10]
Okay.
And the other question I had was, you had a number of these cases where you showed what the VAERS record said and what the death record said.
And I wasn't paying super close attention to the difference between those, but could you summarize
what the difference is between those in terms of like, do you see these things where the various records says that, hey, this guy died from, and the death record and the various record are like completely different?

[SPEAKER_12]
No, because if they're completely different, I can't correlate them.
I say this.

[SPEAKER_10]
Well, okay, but by completely different in terms of the cause of death or the description of the death.

[SPEAKER_12]
If they're not the same, I don't count them.
I know what you're asking.
I'm sure that there are some, Steve, and I'm sure that I've cast off some that are written poorly because they don't match.
I've only taken the ones I'm absolutely sure.
Only one person died on that day who was that age and that gender.

[SPEAKER_10]
Right.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_12]
Of the same thing.
When I do have multiples, sometimes there are 484 year old men who died and I'm trying to find the exact verbiage.
In fact, for Amaya, who is 12 years old, when Amaya died on August 29th, 2022.
It be both the Bears record and the death record say Sarah Bell or tonsillor and bilateral uncle herniation.
Specific kind of stroke rare in a 12 year old girl.
I got the right girl.
I know I got the right girl.

[SPEAKER_10]
Right.
Right.
Yep.
Okay.
Great.
Thank you.
Love you.
Good job.
We can't hear you.
Love you.

[SPEAKER_11]
Now you can hear me.
Sorry about that.
John, I just want to thank you for personalizing the data.
I mean, it's just heartbreaking watching you list these names.
And it got me thinking, the families of all these names that you just rattled off, do they know this information?
All of these families?

[SPEAKER_12]
No, some of them probably have no clue that the backs killed their loved one.
There are some, I had a beer with Brianna's dad.
He's a good guy, good family.
I just, you know, I don't want to get upset right now.
I've met a couple of these people.
So, yeah, it's...
It's personal.
It's real.
It always is.
And because the New Hampshire people are coming on, I'll just say, I've done four testimonies in New Hampshire for two different bills and the long session for the committee that's going to come on.
And in one of them, I read the first and last names of the New Hampshire people and what town they were from, how old they were, because I wanted their families to know.
that they died on the same day of vaccination.
I read 11 people from New Hampshire whose names I have from that whistleblower database that Steve and I both know the person who got us the data.
So 11 people who died on the same day of vaccination.
I read those names in that testimony and I was told, do not say the last names.
And I said, oh, well, I'm done now anyway.
So, yeah.

[SPEAKER_10]
Do not say the last names, why?

[SPEAKER_12]
There's a state law in New Hampshire where you're not supposed to have the information, but I had the information because of the whistleblower report.
I didn't get it.
I don't know if they could get me as a crime, but I did meet with the Attorney General for 45 minutes in New Hampshire.
It was supposed to be half an hour.
I went through a lot of names that they got.
They were like, where'd you get this information?
I said, I cited the New Hampshire law to him.
I said, if I had these names from New Hampshire, I know it's a felony.
And I cited the law.
And I said, I got these from Massachusetts death records.
All these people died in Massachusetts.
They're Massachusetts records.
They went to the hospital over the border in Massachusetts and died.
And so they were almost disappointed they couldn't get me on that.
But we went on with the conversation.
It was a funny 45 minute, you know.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah.
And Yuri was there.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yuri was there.

[SPEAKER_11]
Well, I want to, I want to bring on the representatives before I do, John, you actually testified way back in April.
And I want to, I want to share a video of that.
One of you sent me several clips, but I want to share just, I'm going to randomly pick one to share.
Let me, let me see if I can figure out how to do this properly.
Here we go.
Let me share this.
Bear with me, folks.
Okay, I'm going to play this.

[SPEAKER_06]
Do you have documentation that shows that they're being incentivized?
Just out of curiosity.

[SPEAKER_03]
If I might, I don't mean to interrupt, but if I might, that was actually in the documentation I read into the record of the last meeting.

[SPEAKER_06]
Thank you, representative.

[SPEAKER_12]
Here we go.
Direct accounting files?
No, that's like the Holy Grail of evidence nobody has, but I can go on the web and I can look at CMS.gov.
Okay, you go to CMS.gov and look for NCTAP.
That's a COVID payout plan.
And you'll find that Illumiant, which is Barisitinib, or Veclarie, which is Remdesivir, has a 20% adder to the entire hospital bill.
If somebody goes in with a
I'll get to examples in a little bit.
You're going to see.
When I get to the real evidence, you'll see what I mean.
It's bad.
They murdered a lot of people.
More than a million people.
So the CARES Act I went through is basically a solicitation of fraud.
Walter E. Williams said it, but probably also said by Thomas Sowell, Milton Friedman, if you subsidize something, you'll get more of it.
And since they subsidized COVID being put on a deserter to be it, thinking somehow they're convincing the people that that's going to save people.
How is that going to save somebody?
But that's what they did.
People being put on ventilators, that's an 86% kill rate.
86% of people die.
Get put on ventilators.
And they did it to people whose vital signs were normal.
And they died.

[SPEAKER_11]
Wow, well, I'd like to bring on the members of the New Hampshire House or several of the members of the New Hampshire House of Representatives who served on a special commission to study the state's response to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Over the last six months, this commission conducted a thorough investigation culminating in the release of their report, New Hampshire House of Representatives Special Committee on COVID Response Efficacy Report of Findings.
Thank you all for joining us this evening on VSRF Live.
We actually met in New Hampshire.
I was there when Dr. Jordan Vaughn testified.
Nice to see you all again.

[SPEAKER_06]
Great to see you.

[SPEAKER_01]
Thank you for having us.
Thank you for having us.

[SPEAKER_11]
I'm going to go ahead and just read a little bit about and introduce your names to each of you.
First, we have Barbara Comptois, a Republican member representing Belknap 7, who recently won her second term earlier this month.
Next is Mike Belcher, a Republican member representing Carol 4, who also won his second term this month.
Mike brings a wealth of experience having worked as an EMT and paramedic with the Durham Ambulance Corp.
We're also joined by Robert Wehry, a Republican member representing Hillsborough 13, who was recently re-elected.
Robert has a background as a chemical engineer.
And finally, Yuri Polovsov, a Republican member representing Merrimack 10, who also won re-election this month.
Yuri was born in Russia and now resides in Hoekset, New Hampshire.
He holds an MS in biology from St. Petersburg State University and has worked as a senior threat intelligence analyst.
Each of these individuals has played a critical role in this investigation and we're thrilled to have you here.
And I believe you're the first of a kind in the nation that has done a report, a thorough investigation like this.
Am I correct?

[SPEAKER_06]
Um, we don't know.
I mean, uh, we've been told that, but we're not, uh, we don't know for sure for the only state that's done this.

[SPEAKER_01]
So attempt in US Congress, uh, it started, as I know, as an official, uh, committee, but, uh, on a state level, uh, sort of report like this looks like it's the first of its kind.

[SPEAKER_10]
I'm not aware of any other report in, uh,
And I published their report on my sub-stack.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, you did a nice report on that, Steve.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, did you like the English translations on that, Olivia?
You broke it down really nicely.
I tried to cut through the chase and interpret it, turn it into layman's language.
Wouldn't it be fun for me to recast your report in plain English?
I could probably do it in about three sentences.
No signal.

[SPEAKER_11]
I want to just start.
I want to start the questions by asking and, you know, we'll go roundtable whoever wants to respond first.
What inspired you to start this investigation, this commission?

[SPEAKER_01]
Please.
Maybe Mike should start because I started the Republican vaccine injury caucus because
I realized maybe I was not, I was not the first one to realize how much damage those vaccines do, but it was pretty quickly obvious that they don't stop transmissions, they don't prevent the disease and then side effects started piling out.
So I wanted to do something like John Borden mentioned that
We tried to push through party, push our attorney general to investigate three, two representatives when John met with our attorney general.
Unfortunately, he is helping governor and he's not ready to do what needed to be done.
So, and then Mike Belcher, so he had a vision for this committee.
So I will let him speak.

[SPEAKER_04]
Sure.
Thank you, Yuri.
Thanks for having us.
I was an early opponent of some of the strategy that was adopted to deal with the pandemic.
I was one of the first people present protesting the be called lockdown orders.
Back when there was actually threats to arrest us for protesting long before I was a representative.
Then later on, I was also somebody who was very, very badly injured after receiving the vaccine.
So when I got the opportunity to be first elected and then on this committee, I really wanted to take a look at exactly what happened and why things happened the way they did to try to make sure that nothing like that would quite happen again.

[SPEAKER_10]
Can you share with us what your vaccine entry is?

[SPEAKER_04]
Sure.
I received the Pfizer vaccine in April of 2021, deteriorated for about three weeks.

[SPEAKER_10]
Immediately after the vaccine?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, I was getting sick within about 12 hours.
Within about 48 hours, my blood pressure was about 200 over 100 flu symptoms.
deteriorated neurologically over weeks, was eventually admitted for better part of a week to Portsmouth Hospital, where I had severe neurological issues.
So long story short, I wound up with seizure disorder, migraine disorder, myocarditis, autoimmune dysfunction and some other issues.

[SPEAKER_10]
And your health history prior to the vaccine?

[SPEAKER_04]
I had had an injury on a submarine, a smoke inhalation injury, which is the reason I received the vaccine in the first place, because I was compromised in breathing.
I never had any issues with the other types of things before.

[SPEAKER_10]
So you went from being in very good health before the COVID vaccine to 12 hours later, your life was changed?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_10]
And how are you today?

[SPEAKER_04]
Um, I've improved a fair bit.
I'm not, uh, I'm not good.
Health, but I have improved quite a lot.
Um, interestingly, the thing I found that helped more than anything after years was doing a few stents on the carnivore diet, which is an elimination diet and intermittent fasting.
And I was able to get off my medications when I did that.
But, um, yeah.

[SPEAKER_10]
And so if you were at 100% before you got the vaccine, where were we to put your health now in comparison?

[SPEAKER_04]
Oh, maybe 67% 60 or 70.

[SPEAKER_10]
Okay.
Wow.
So a lot of it.
So you've seen it firsthand for sure.
Yes, very much.
The other the other members of the committee, other Republican members, have they been vaccine injured?

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, I have not been vaccine injured because I didn't take the vaccine.

[SPEAKER_10]
However, my sister... That's the best prevention, by the way.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yes.
I'm very skeptical about things.
But my sister-in-law, who was one of the first to receive the vaccines because she was compromised health-wise, within 48 hours of receiving the vaccine, she had a massive heart attack and her daughter got to watch her die.

[SPEAKER_09]
Wow.

[SPEAKER_06]
And the doctor told them that he believed that the vaccine contributed to her death.

[SPEAKER_10]
Oh, wow.
Yes.
An honest doctor.

[SPEAKER_06]
I'm sure it was not in the actual report, but yes.

[SPEAKER_10]
Right.
And if you had asked that doctor to testify, would the doctor have testified and told the truth that it was due to the vaccine, or would he have said, well, I can't tell.
It could have been a coincidence.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, I have no idea.
It was in talking with my niece and my nephew that they told me that so.

[SPEAKER_10]
And so I'm curious about we're just getting the Republican members here any Democrat.
You invited all the Democrats on the committee to appear on our show as well, right?

[SPEAKER_06]
I sent out an email and to all the committee members.
Yes.

[SPEAKER_10]
Did you hear any responses from any of them saying, oh, really want to make it, but I can't do it tonight.
But how about tomorrow or anything like that?

[SPEAKER_06]
Did anyone see anything in their emails?
I didn't.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, if I may explain that.
I know, at least three state representatives other than Mike, they were injured by vaccine, who said it publicly and one more publicly, and many of those still
want to advocate for vaccines, it's mind-blowing.
We had one Democrat who had had an attack after vaccine and he was the only one in his Democratic caucus who was against vaccines because of his injury.
But we wanted him on committee, he wanted to be on committee, but Democratic leadership said like
no way.
So they put people who were not as interested in the results of this investigation.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, we had found five members of the Democratic caucus to actually want it to be on this committee.
And of those five, only one was appointed.

[SPEAKER_10]
And they wanted to be on the committee because they had first hand knowledge of vaccine injury or some of them had.

[SPEAKER_06]
I believe that they were vaccine injured, but others just wanted to get to the truth because really this committee was all about finding the truth.

[SPEAKER_10]
And so the final makeup of the committee, do you feel that these people were interested that the Democrats that were appointed to the committee were interested in finding the truth or interested in.
not finding the transmission.
There is a say or not.

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, I don't want to put words into anyone's mouth.
I do believe some of them, later on as testimony, people were testifying and data was coming to light, believed that there were other influences.
One of them actually said that he believed that power politics and money played a huge factor.
in the COVID response.
So I thought that was a pretty big for him to say that on camera.
So in a committee hearing.

[SPEAKER_10]
But there was never an admission from the other side that the COVID vaccines were harmful, right?
Is that correct?

[SPEAKER_01]
Not in this committee.
I know that, for example,
I'm also on Health Human Services and now the left and often Democrats would admit that vaccine side effects are probably underreported.
And they're like, would say, yeah, let's walk on reporting system to make it better.
So at least in private, they would admit that there are some deficiencies in the system.
But in our committee on COVID response efficacy committee, they were pretty tight.
And maybe it was pressure on them from above like to try

[SPEAKER_10]
What kind of pressure would they have when you say from above and why?
Is it because pharmaceutical companies are donating to campaigns or is it the Democratic leader saying, hey, we don't want to look bad because we recommended these shots or what is the source of that pressure?

[SPEAKER_06]
So you have to understand that at the time of the COVID shutdown, and I remember the very last house session before the state shut down, and the Democrats were in charge.
So they were in the leadership positions in the state, except for the governor's office, but at the state house level, they were in charge and instrumental in formulating some of these task force and stuff.

[SPEAKER_10]
So you'd say it's more that people just don't want to look bad and be embarrassed is the pressure is that part of it is leadership and general election like

[SPEAKER_01]
I was progressive, identified me as like top five mega extremist in New Hampshire.
And congratulations.
Number two accusation that I'm spreading information that COVID vaccines are not safe and not effective.
So they're still to this, like,
In November or October 2024, there are still planes that it's safe, effective, and I'm getting reports that when Democratic caucus meets for their caucus and state house, they're still recommending the leadership says, like, make sure you are vaccinated from COVID.

[SPEAKER_10]
Do you know what the vaccination history is of the Democrats?
I mean, if you were to go to Democrats and ask, hey, are you guys, because you're up to date, like you got all eight shots or nine shots or 10 shots, right?
Like, what would they say?

[SPEAKER_01]
Without naming names, I talked with one.
Republican who was injured, but he was outraged that I created vaccine injury.
And he's thinking he's like, yeah, he want to give COVID vaccine to his kid, but he wants other kids to get polio vaccines because otherwise he thinks that people start dying from polio.
or being injured by polio so like sometimes they're thinking these people are too stupid so even if this vaccine was not so good they want to continue with this basically as I know now it's almost like a religion yeah we don't need to test vaccines because we know they are working

[SPEAKER_10]
That's right.
You know, speaking about knowing that they're working, I recently tweeted about liability protection and learned that in Europe, they actually don't have liability protection for vaccines.
So it's a mystery to me why Europe isn't just filled with lawsuits against the vaccine manufacturers.
Did anyone even know the answer to that question?
I don't.

[SPEAKER_11]
That's a good question, Steve.
I wanted to ask Robert, because Robert, you actually have a background in the pharmaceutical industry and with vaccines from what I remember.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yes, that is correct.
Back in the 90s, I actually worked with Dr. Salk on his version of a polio vaccine for HIV.
It was unsuccessful in its trials, but that was some work I did way back then.

[SPEAKER_10]
So what's your opinion about the polio vaccine just out of curiosity?

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, it certainly seems to have worked.
I haven't done, you know, I do remember that there, after the polio vaccine came out from Salk and then Savin, there were some issues with manufacturing.
There were a number of children, I believe, who actually caught polio because it was manufactured improperly back then.
And so I,
I think there's something to be said for that and great care needs to be exercised when you're fooling around with vaccine manufacturing.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, I think there's more to it than the story.
If you really want the whole story, there's an excellent chapter in turtles all the way down.
I think the bottom line is that if there wasn't an effect of the polio vaccine, it's probably insignificant if there is an effect.
So a lot of these things people have assumed that they're being told the truth about polio vaccines.
But if you take the time to look at all the data, you walk away with a different conclusion.
I don't know if anyone has any other opinions on the polio vaccine or have actually read that chapter in the turtles all the way down.
Who wants to comment?

[SPEAKER_02]
No, I have not, but I'll
I'll I'll get it that I will.

[SPEAKER_10]
So I open eye opening.
It's it's it's quite a chapter.
So there's a lot to it.

[SPEAKER_11]
I understand there's at least 400 or over 400 state representatives in New Hampshire.
400.
Yes.
400.
I'm curious where they were the vaccines mandated for you all in New Hampshire for the representatives.

[SPEAKER_06]
No.

[SPEAKER_11]
And I understand that you guys were put on some lists, like some sort of a black list for starting this or for speaking out.
Is that true?
How were you ostracized for doing this investigation?

[SPEAKER_06]
I'm not sure if we were, but I know that Yuri and Mike are both on a list, I think.
And I'll let Mike speak to that.

[SPEAKER_04]
I would expect I'm on a lot of lists at this point.
I think there were some lists issued by unfriendly political entities in the state and targeting certain people.
And I don't know how much that had to do with the COVID committee, our investigation, or just our general political stance, as it's hard to know.
But that's a habit that they have.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
And I don't know.
I mean, our committee, from what I've heard from different people,
was seen positively by both sides.
Not everybody on both sides, but both sides.
Some people looked at this as a positive committee because we weren't ostracizing anyone.
We were actually looking at scientific data.
Our mission was to find the truth and to do that.
So that's what we did.
And we brought in people, anyone could have asked to have someone testify in front of our committee.
I believe that there's still a lot more work that needs to be done, but we were under a deadline due to the election and we wanted to make sure that the committee members that serve this session, the report, what we found was put out there.
There is one of the recommendations that this is an ongoing committee.

[SPEAKER_10]
Is the report now available on the government website?
Because it wasn't when I published it on my sub-stack.

[SPEAKER_06]
It was posted today.

[SPEAKER_10]
OK, great.
So how many calls have you gotten from the New York Times, the Washington Post, CNN, 60 Minutes, and other global media?

[SPEAKER_06]
Just the Boston Globe.

[SPEAKER_10]
You got the Boston Globe.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_10]
The last I checked, the Boston is in Massachusetts and not New Hampshire.
So what you're saying is that nobody in your state
in the media reached out to you on your report.
Yeah, source for truth.
I'm sure I could rename my, my sub-stack.
So that's it.
You got a question from the Boston Globe.
Have they run the story yet or will it be in the Boston Globe tomorrow?

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, the day that the November 13th is when we had our final committee meeting and the Boston Globe, as soon as that meeting was done, was asking for the reports.
I don't know if they've done anything with them.
And one of the things was is on the majority report, they're like, well, where is your findings?
And I said, well, if you read the report, it's in each section.
Because it's kind of hard to put your findings at the very end when you have so many subsections.
You kind of have to do it in that order.
So.

[SPEAKER_10]
Well, I think I read my substack, which summarized it quite nicely, right, in one sentence.

[SPEAKER_06]
Right.
And Representative Petenza has joined us also.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_10]
Hello.

[SPEAKER_06]
Hello.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.
You should put, I could write your summary for you.
The vaccine didn't do shit.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yes.
I like it.
I don't know about that.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.
You're doing good.
Right, right to the point.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_11]
One thing I found interesting when I was there is that no Democrats showed up for Dr. Jordan Vaughn's testimony.
Is that something that went on throughout your testimonies where they just didn't bother to show up?
And if so, why did they even bother to join the commission?

[SPEAKER_06]
So, like I said, originally when we formed this committee, we said that our meetings were going to be on Friday.
And we had found, like I said, 5 Democrats that we had named and they were all good with Friday.
But a lot of them, they had some other commitments, other committee meetings on Friday so that they couldn't be there.
And others just, well, I don't know, they were busy, I guess.
So, yeah, it really was a shame because, you know, for them to say that in their report.
that there was really no dissenting or opposite views presented, that was their chance to ask the questions to have what they thought was maybe not good information answered and hear the answer and judge for themselves.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, I agree.
I agree.
I thought it was really sad that
There was some incredible testimony on certain days that they missed, or there was just one person there.
And it's hard sometimes to get people to come in.
There were a lot of people that watched that were afraid to speak out with their stories.
So I'm hopeful that the committee will continue, because I actually believe that we'll get
More of the visibility, that's what we need.
We need the media to put it out because a lot of people didn't know about it either.
So it's kind of, it's a little hidden gem, but we've had, we had just some of the most powerful people that came and gave some really incredible testimony.
So we are fortunate for that.
And we did, we did provide a, I mean, we just basically scraped the surface as you know.
So.

[SPEAKER_06]
Right.
And I'm not sure if you're aware, but Dr. Vaughns, when he came up and testified, all of our videos are put out on YouTube.
His was taken down due to medical misinformation.

[SPEAKER_11]
I was just going to ask you about that.
If it got put back up, or did you successfully get it reloaded to YouTube or is it still censored?

[SPEAKER_06]
I haven't double checked, but I haven't been told that it has, but it is definitely on Rumble.
So.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, you gotta be careful about the community guidelines.

[SPEAKER_06]
Right, but you would think that a government's hearing would not have any censorship.

[SPEAKER_10]
I know, you would think that, but you'd be wrong.

[SPEAKER_06]
Obviously I was.

[SPEAKER_10]
So I talked to my friend, Steven Petty,
And he said that he was warned that when he went to testify that there would be this Democrat that was going to ask him some tough questions and try to nail him.
And so he did his testimony and the Democrat that tried to that was supposed to nail him didn't ask any questions at all.
So.
Did the Democrats bring, did the Democrats request to have any witnesses at all, testify in front of the committee?

[SPEAKER_06]
So it was interesting just to speak about.
Steven Petty, the one Democrat was, I guess, tweeting out stuff, oh, great, we have someone here on masks, blah, blah, blah.
Well, they're wearing a mask.
Well, no, she wasn't at the time.
But it was funny because as he was testifying, she goes, well, I kind of have to agree with what he's saying.
She had to kind of backtrack her original thoughts.
But the only, anybody that they asked to have testify was basically, you know, commissioners that worked on the task force and everything else, like Directive Homeland Security, the commissioner of the task force.
DHHS, the assistant commissioner there.
So anyone they asked to have come before the committee, we submitted requests, but they didn't ask for any private entities to come in.

[SPEAKER_10]
So they did call witnesses, they were government witnesses, not necessarily experts in their field, of course, but didn't that give you an opportunity to then put the screwdriver in and turn it a few turns on these government witnesses?

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, a couple of things stood out to me.
So there was one commissioner.
When he was testifying and he was basically, I think the head of one of the task forces, as he said, well, you know, they were pretty proud because what they decided to do is once they made a decision, they weren't going to deviate from that decision.
They were going to stay the course.
Well, as everyone knows, this was a pretty fluid situation.
So, you know, to say something like that and say, you know, we're going to deviate kind of like flies in the face of science.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, because when you get new information, when you get new information, you need to especially in a situation where, you know, everybody says they didn't know they didn't know.
OK, so when you get new information and it's showing something different, then you pivot.
And and that's what that's what leaders do.
And it's really so when you.

[SPEAKER_10]
When you question them on that, how did they respond to that?
When you pointed that out to these government officials, stating the course is not necessarily the best thing to do in a situation like this, how did they respond?

[SPEAKER_06]
I did not ask the question because they were wrapping up their testimony, but it was just one of those things that stuck in my mind.
I think for our committee is we didn't want to be antagonistic with these government officials.
We wanted everyone to feel free and to think that it would be very welcoming because the first thing that everyone thought is, oh my God, this committee is going to be just on a witch hunt and they're going to attack everybody.
And we wanted to be professional in our approach to everything.

[SPEAKER_04]
That approach, I think, worked out very well for us.
I mean, not once would we come in there looking for a moment to clip.
I got you.
We were very relaxed and calm and easygoing about the entire thing.
And I think because of that, we received a much more openness and testimony that resulted in some of our findings that were, I think, a much higher quality than we would have if we were just going in there trying to get footage to clip.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.
And so did you get the impression that any of these government officials knew the truth that they were, you know, sort of secretly red-pilled, but how to present the blue-pilled appearance like, hey,
life is good, the vaccines are safe and all that.
So everybody basically who testified, you thought that they're like totally drinking the Kool-Aid and totally believe the vaccines are safe and effective and they did the right thing.
Is that correct?
Thanks.

[SPEAKER_05]
I want to take this one.
Oh, go ahead.

[SPEAKER_02]
One of the findings of the report was that there was an over reliance on the federal government guidelines and data.
And so I think
What we would have preferred as representatives for New Hampshire is that they would have taken a more independent perspective on things and evaluated the data for itself rather than having an over reliance on the federal government and, you know, CDC and FDA guidelines.
So from that standpoint, that I think that was one of the chief findings of the report.
Well, there's many, but I think that's an important one.
to understand how do we make sure that we don't have in our state an overall alliance on FDA or CDC and that we can have that sort of independent evaluation.

[SPEAKER_10]
Right.
Yeah, I think people like Fauci use the term trust the science.
And what they're really trying to tell people is trust the CDC and FDA, not trust the science.

[SPEAKER_06]
Right.
And the other thing that really kind of shone through was that
You know, we relied on supposedly specialists, like, but they were doctors, right?
And when it came to masking and air filtration systems, they never called in an industrial hygienist like Steven Petty to discuss that.
You know, they squelched dissenting opinions when those actually would have provided some real data for them.
And, you know, and I think we've outlined that throughout our report because when there is a, if there's the next pandemic is you really need to call in a lot of different specialists and not rely on one that doesn't know anything about masking or about air filtration systems or things like that.

[SPEAKER_07]
Right.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, and I'd love to just, and then Yuri wants to say something.
I'd love to just say quickly, your question was, do you believe that some folks were just towing the line or were some of them, did they pivot?
Were they red-pilled or whatever?
So I'm not gonna name names because I don't wanna do that, but I do believe that
Um, there were, I'm going to, I'm going to say several that were within, um, that had positions in our government in New Hampshire and that were, um, being as loud as they possibly could.
And those voices were ignored over the bigger voices.
For example, you know, like, you know, heads of heads of, you know, health and human services heads of, you know, with Homeland Security, the executive branch.
So those types of things and a lot of this has to do with, with money, unfortunately, you know, so.
you know, our profound started coming in and it's just so crazy because we have known, you know, I became really friendly with Mr.
Petty and he's just, he's really brilliant.
We've known about these types of things forever, years.
My husband works in the field of
with HVAC and all of that kind of stuff.
And we've known about this forever.
And it's just unbelievable that we didn't do that.
Instead of using ARPA funds on a public school, for example, in New Hampshire, in a city, they use the ARPA funds to change your roof instead of putting ventilation.
But they required those kids to wear masks for almost two years.
It's just junk science that they just followed.
And it just wasn't smart.
And many people suffer from it, which is sad.

[SPEAKER_01]
So it's a mixed bag.
And sometimes bureaucrats would say that they are on our side of medical freedom.
And certainly in New Hampshire lockdowns were not as bad in some other states.
And our education department actually was trying to help to reopen schools more rapidly.
So there was some good sites.
And differently, John and I, we are not happy
that Tony General in New Hampshire won't help us to the extent we want him to help us.
But he's championing fighting against vaccine mandates and it's his spiel now that he helped to stop some of those mandates.
And it was a huge issue like I was threatened to be fired if I won't take vaccine.
My relative had to take vaccine to stay at her job.
Vaccine mandates was a huge issue.
So sometimes it's a mix of our department of health and human services.
They now say how they are helping people to go outside to get some outside experience and play in parks and sites.
So to what extent
they were actually correct exam nights.
It was a mixed bag, but there was some good sides in government, even if they don't go as far as we now see they should have.

[SPEAKER_10]
And how did you avoid the vaccination requirement?

[SPEAKER_05]
So we, oh, that's a question for you.
How did you?

[SPEAKER_10]
For Yuri.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yes, how did you?
Personally, I was just,
Actually, I had to be kind of quiet, but I was like, if it comes to be fired, I will be fired like I'm not taking it.
So that was my position.
And by the time like they just, I was a remote walker, but I still according to policy, I should have taken it.
I didn't like, I was just lucky.
I have friends, my friend, he was
Massachusetts policeman who was a fight for not taking the shot because his religious exemption was not honed and yes a couple years later they won't last year he's reinstated but his life was like ruined like his marriage collapsed because of that so yeah yeah we have a lot of those stories um

[SPEAKER_05]
I think that the people that were the biggest voices in this, and I wasn't a state rep then, I was an activist in a sense.
And we told a lot of people to wait, to put in their religious exemption, to wait it out because, and that's really what happened.
Many people were afraid, they were bullied, they were shamed, and our state participated in that.
you know, your chance to get back to normal, all the same propaganda rhetoric that really hurt a lot of people and scared, you know, got a father of, I know a father of four and, yeah, and, you know, he's not with us anymore.
And, you know, he, he took the shot and within six weeks, he, he
Extremely healthy dot of heart attack.
So, like that there's so many of those stories and it's horrible.
But some of the people that did wait.
As you know, all of a sudden, you know, these mandates and all of these things, they just kind of went away quietly and.
But that doesn't account for all of the people that were pushed into a corner because, you know, they were going to have to, it was either a shot or a job or a shot or providing for their children or whatever.
So some of the, I think some, I think our committee did a fantastic job.
I think we held it together.
There was some testimony, especially the testimony from Aaron Siri and.
where we all got very angry.
And we weren't angry in a sense at anyone.
We were just angry with the level of information that we were hearing.
And it was unbelievable.
All the signs were there.
The government was hearing people that were begging, begging for help that were injured and stuff.
And that was really, really hard to hear.

[SPEAKER_01]
And testimonies like that, thousands of people watched the stream.
And unfortunately, those thousands are not millions that have to get this information.
So one thing I'm trying, like I created a mail line to inform at least some of my constituents, but it's very expensive.
So thank you, Steve, for using your blog to reach some people.
But if any health freedom organization wants to use, I don't know, my name to spread our findings and warn people about how it comes from this COVID vaccines and other untested medications like under tested, it's important to reach people and we will continue.

[SPEAKER_10]
Great.
What's the current take rate of the vaccine in New Hampshire?

[SPEAKER_01]
Unfortunately, it's still very high from New Hampshire.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, it is still very high for New Hampshire.
What's the percentage?
Yeah, see, that's what we don't know the last time that we asked for that information.
We didn't we didn't get that.
So I think that it's probably time to put in another 91 a request about that.
Yeah, it was very piecemeal.
So just, you know, every single drug store, you know, from CBS to Walgreens to right a to all of them are still pushing it.
They're still pushing it.
My daughter's actually in the hospital right now.
And so on, this is the largest hospital.
in the state of New Hampshire on every single screen.
They're pushing it still.
So yeah, that hasn't changed.
Actually, I was at a gas station just the other day.
And you know, those videos that are on the gas station, they're pushing it on the gas station screens.
So really, it's not stopping.

[SPEAKER_10]
You know, I can't wait for the day when the advertisements are, don't get your COVID vaccine.
Do not get your COVID vaccine.
And the announcements in the supermarket are saying, be sure not to get your COVID vaccine because it's harmful.
Wouldn't that be great to have?
Yeah, it would be great.

[SPEAKER_01]
Was it something that our state epidemiologist when he was, was it November?
Yeah, you asked him that question.
I asked him,
Florida and some other countries abroad, they don't recommend boosters and such anymore.
And he was like totally dismissive that it's not based on science.
So like the one thing I admire what Dr. Lederpo did like earlier this year is that he listed
point by point what what science is making his decision not to recommend boosters so it's something i want people to know and to put question to our department of health human services like why is i denying that science that there's DNA contaminations this side effects that side effects all published like
safe and effective.

[SPEAKER_05]
The good thing about Florida is, I do have to say that, I will champion them all day long.
So Dr. Latifoe, he's been so vocal and their governor's been amazing.
So people are hearing it because they have press conferences.
It's out there.
He's been crystal clear, discouraging those shots just for everything from the safe and effective, that's not safe and effective, not preventing transmission.
really talking about living more of a boosting up your immune system and living a healthy lifestyle.
So I really wish that we had that in New Hampshire.
We do not.
I really wish that we could take him and have, you know, I'm not for cloning.
So, but, you know, maybe in this one case.

[SPEAKER_10]
No, you can make an exception.

[SPEAKER_05]
Pass a lot and make an exception for his case.
I don't know if that's been called yet, but, you know, if any of you guys have any close relations to the current administration, how amazing would that be if that was the surgeon general of our country, you know, our country?
So.

[SPEAKER_10]
So the case fatality rate after the shots rolled out, I've seen the numbers on this.
And in Santa Clara County, when the odds ratio is 2.5, and it's statistically significant, the 95% confidence intervals are between 2.0 and 3.1, or somewhere on that order, which says that there's no doubt that these vaccines
increased your risk of dying from COVID.
So I'm wondering, did the committee ever calculate the data in New Hampshire?
to calculate the case fatality rate before the shots rolled out versus after the shots rolled out.
And did any of your speakers bring that up?
Because, hey, if the vaccines really worked, then they would be delighted to show you the case fatality rate going down.
And in fact, that should be the highlight.
of the democratic response, the minority response to the committee, that graph should be front and center.
It is nowhere to be seen in their report.

[SPEAKER_01]
We did not calculate it, but one of our first testimonies in front of our committee was about data showing exactly that in long term care facilities after vaccines were implemented, fatalities skyrocketed.
And I was like advocating
with the health committee that New Hampshire data actually CDC data from New Hampshire shows that we have several times more kids who died after COVID vaccine on after COVID on virus CDC database on CDC death from COVID itself but unfortunately it doesn't
move democratic under their leadership or not our DHHS officials, they don't care about that.

[SPEAKER_10]
I would love to get the data on that.
If you can tell me, point me where to look, that'd be awesome.

[SPEAKER_04]
I just want to mention on that point, because it was one of the pieces of testimony that I found most utterly shocking and lacking for any evidence was when we were told, because this question came up with our state epidemiologist, a person who had a lot of input on this, and we were told that the initial fatality rate of COVID when it first arrived here was around 5%.
and that the only reason that it came down from that initial 5% was a consequence of a natural evolution and b the vaccine that brought that down.
And I honestly, I can't find any information or data that would support that testimony.
And I think that's something that ultimately we should try to follow up on is to figure out why somebody in our reading our state's response believes that the initial fatality rate of COVID was 5%.

[SPEAKER_05]
Thank you for bringing that up, Representative Belcher.
I think that's so important.
Making blanket statements when there is no data to support, there were representatives that put in a bill to try to get data from New Hampshire that was denied.
So we don't have the information and they don't have the information.
Some things are anecdotal.
There was a gentleman that came in that testified as well, and he just did some general numbers based upon deaths and things like that, which definitely showed correlation.
But none of that stuff we can utilize.
And so if we don't have good data, we don't have that, then we can't use it with anything.
And yeah, but that
That's really been a huge frustration because there's been blanket statements that have been made and there's been no data to back it up.

[SPEAKER_04]
Correct.
So I was at the back of the napkin calculation just real quick to see if we had a 5% fatality rate from COVID, it seems like we should have lost somewhere in the neighborhood of 20,000 plus people in the first couple of months of 2020.
And that obviously did not happen.
So I don't know where that number was coming.

[SPEAKER_10]
So did you ever hear the whole time that you've heard all this testimony from all these people, including the government officials who came and testified, did you ever hear anything that made you kind of have second thoughts to say, oh, I didn't know that.
That's like.
I guess maybe we might have been wrong about some of this stuff.
Was there anything that gave you pause, like somebody showing a chart showing the case fatality rate dropped by 10X or something like that?
Was there any statistic or fact or testimony or anything where you said, whoa, didn't know that.
That sounds like the vaccine was a huge success or the mitigation response was a huge success and anything that
That came as a surprise.

[SPEAKER_04]
There was only one thing that I could point out that came as a surprise to me when I came into this, I expected to find.
More than just incompetence also at certain levels and from certain positions.
And I think the thing that I came around to the most throughout this was actually how unbelievably banal it was.
It wasn't, from the best I can tell, it wasn't at least at the state level.
It wasn't people making evil decisions on purpose for the most part.
What we were looking at was people simply following either institutions that have frankly at this point discredited themselves.
or instructions from the federal level.
And it just the degree of uncritical acceptance of narrative is what really blew me away the most.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yep.
You can see that in the use of the ventilators, for example.
I mean, it seems like they were over pressurizing a lot of patients who were sick, blowing out their lungs,
You know, if the death rate was going down for COVID, it was because they changed the ventilator protocol and stopped over pressurizing people.

[SPEAKER_10]
Okay, Livio, audience questions.

[SPEAKER_11]
What do you got?
On that comment, I almost want to play another clip from John's testimony in, in New Hampshire because he nails it with this.
So I'm just going to play it and then we'll get it to a few questions.

[SPEAKER_12]
They're pumping them so full of the drugs and here are the drugs.
They, they kind of get you ready for going on a ventilator, midazolam, lorazepam, fentanyl, propofol, dexmedetomidine.
All of them.
I'm not saying one or the other.
They're hitting you with the anxiety.
They're hitting you with the pain killer.
They're hitting you with everything.
And they basically kill people.

[SPEAKER_06]
I don't mean to interrupt.
And I know you're not a medical doctor.
But I'm just trying to wrap my head around the fact that if when you're speaking about the one person where they come in and their oxygen rate really isn't that low, they don't have a fever, they don't have anything.
And then they put them, you're saying the protocol is to put them on like five or more drugs for lack of a better word.
that that is the protocol for basically anyone that they're prepping for a ventilator?

[SPEAKER_12]
You can't put somebody on a ventilator unless you get them all calm.
You're going to have to ask a doctor about this because the doctors have a lot to answer for.
They're doing what they're told, but I did what I was told is not a defense for murder.

[SPEAKER_06]
I appreciate that represent Belcher.
Did you have something?

[SPEAKER_03]
Thank you.
Yes.
And I just wanted to provide a little bit of information because I have a healthcare background.
I was a paramedic for quite some time when it comes to historically ventilating patients.
I will say it's not necessarily uncommon to ventilate before hypoxia sets in because.
once hypoxia sets in through low blood oxygen, it can very quickly go south from there.
So typically what people look at or what they historically would look at is work of breathing.
Indicators suggesting muscle fatigue, that suggests breathing is failing in order to ventilate.
I think the big thing we want to look at here, given some of this testimony, we've heard is we want to verify whether there was a deviation from looking at these traditional metrics such as work of breathing, especially in order to do anything akin to
to control of the spread of the pathogen, because that would be a very interesting finding if these people are truly overriding traditional metrics for ventilation in order to provide some sort of a containment.

[SPEAKER_06]
Thank you for that, please.

[SPEAKER_12]
What he said, I agree with everything.
It needs to be investigated.
And that's the point is not whether remdesivir, vancomycin, barisitinib and other protocols are killing people's kidneys.
The point is the criminal omission of conduct to investigate by the CDC, by the FDA, by the NIH.

[SPEAKER_11]
So there you have it.
And it just doesn't get discussed except with testimony and with the committee that you all put together, and we need to get this out there far and wide because no one's even questioning anymore what happened to all these people early on.
Thank you for that testimony, John.

[SPEAKER_04]
And just to be clear, we did receive what appear to be several further confirmations that, in fact,
ventilation was used as an isolation mechanism rather than simply looking to help people who were very sick.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, and they kept the families outside of the hospitals.
Couldn't go in.
So there was no, no advocates for any of these people.
All right, let's get to a couple of questions.
We're running really long.
I want to thank you for your time.
And Mike, while I have you here, there's a question from Dr. Laura.
How did you treat your vax injury?

[SPEAKER_04]
Good question.
I didn't know what to do.
For quite a while, I bounced from doctor to doctor.
The various traditional medications, I received some meds that controlled seizures, got my migraines a little bit reduced.
Eventually, I did do some of the various detox protocols that I've seen from various people.
I didn't have a noticeable impact from it, probably because it was so far after
the vaccine injury, or at least perhaps.
But the thing that ultimately did the best for me was multiple stents on the carnivore diet, where I eliminated a huge amount of stuff from my diet.
I lost a fair bit of weight.
It was a lot of intermittent fasting.
And with that, I was able to get off of multiple medications that I was on.

[SPEAKER_11]
Thank you.
A question for John from Emerson BT.
How do you do FOIAs?
Freedom of Information.
What is the magic word or phrase to get it handled?
Please.

[SPEAKER_12]
Well, it depends if it's state or federal.
So the federal ones I haven't done, but they do have a team and it does matter how you word it.
And so with the state ones, it's probably the same with the federal.
I kind of anticipate what they're going to say in terms of, well, this is a lot of work and it's going to cost this much money because you're overtaxing our resources.
So in the state, I tell them right up front, this is 15 minutes worth of work from an IT person to do a search and a filter on this word.
charge me $6 if you want, or because it's $25 an hour, a man hour.
So I'm anticipating cost and telling them that you know that they're not going to fool you because the first time I did it, they hit me with a $40,000 bill.

[SPEAKER_10]
Oh, may have.
Wow.
Yeah.
A bill after doing the request?
No, no, it was a quote.

[SPEAKER_12]
A bill, sorry.

[SPEAKER_10]
For 15 minutes work?

[SPEAKER_12]
Well, they pretended like it was a lot of work.
So I wrote back to them and I explained to them how much the work was.
And then it was, I got it for free, actually.
I said charge me $6.25 if you want.
Dang.
Next time I get a $40,000 quote, John, you're going to be my first call.

[SPEAKER_10]
And you know what that was?

[SPEAKER_12]
You know what that was?
That was 1200 pages from the State Department of Public Health.
I asked for all communications about face coverings.
And the Professor Gregory Rutledge at MIT was contracted by the governor, by the public health department, to test the masks that were flown in on the New England Patriots jet.
the KN-95s.
This was national news.
And I have the results of those tests.
All the masks pretty much failed.
Even if they were across a test fixture with no leaks at all, they still didn't meet the standard.
They still failed.
And they knew that two weeks before he issued the mandate.

[SPEAKER_10]
And it doesn't change a damn thing, does it?
Nope.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, I just want to say that in New Hampshire that's so corrupt in New Hampshire for the 91 a request.
We did we had a bill that passed that you know kind of in a sense was going to charge people just because there were some requests that were just ridiculous that were coming in so.
It was a bad bill that passed, but if you are extremely specific and like if it's on a specific word, a specific timeframe, all of that, it works.
I've been doing a lot of them lately and working with constituents on them.
And for the statewide, we're getting those within three to five days.
So FOIA requests are harder.
I have a friend that worked for a government agency.
And it's the same thing like you said.
As long as you know exactly what you're looking for, don't give them any wiggle room is the best.
So to try to be as specific as possible to get exactly what you're looking for.

[SPEAKER_12]
Steve, you have a friend who used to work in the office, the FOIA office in Washington, DC, who was in charge of making sure the FOIAs happened or not happened.
I'll tell you her name later.

[SPEAKER_11]
Uh, I'm going to stay with, with you, John.
Another question.
Uh, this is me in the chat, John.
He wants to know now.
Um, John, what are your next steps?
Who are you going to go after for criminal prosecution?
I know that every ER doctor in the country knew within weeks of the rollout that people were dying from these jabs.
Got any ER docs in your team?

[SPEAKER_12]
Um, no, I'm not, I'm not going after any doctors specifically.
I really want the people who created this, the people who put the words on paper for the cares act.
They knew that the behavior that would flow from their actions that it's basically a crime of solicitation for the hospital administrators.
who then came up with an excuse to tell the doctors if we put the people on ventilators will contain the aerosols to the patient.
A CPAP won't contain the aerosols to the patient, so the staff is going to die.
So that gave the doctors an excuse in their own mind.
So now you can't prove mens rea because in their minds, oh, yeah, we have to do that.
Um, so it can't really get them criminally, but the people who created the cares act, um, I'd like to go to the top to make sure this doesn't happen again.
As far as individuals to, to find an individual pediatrician or an individual doctor, it's going to be really difficult to prove that they knew at the time because it has to have knowledge.
But what's my next course of action is to do these foyers to prove that they have the information and they're not acting on it.
And a legal duty to act concurrent within action with a subsequent death is murder.
So trying that avenue.

[SPEAKER_05]
Can I ask you a quick question that's in relation to that?
How about doctors and or medical professionals that were required?
to report the injuries and they didn't.
Some of them didn't know how, I get that, like, you know, it's not easy using VAERS, but there were some that literally had to be forced to put it in there and ones that didn't.
I mean, that is absolute, to me, malpractice at that point.

[SPEAKER_12]
So the malpractice is a different thing that would be civil.
As far as criminal, I have looked and I have not found where it says there's a requirement by law.
There's a requirement in like stated in the CDC literature and stuff, but in order for it to be a criminal violation, you have to have a criminal statute with a punishment laid out, with a process and elements of the crime.
And I just, I looked for it.
I really just can't find that.
But there are general crimes you can hit them with.
I just don't think any of them are going to stick.
One thing I would mention to you is, you know, Chief of Bureau of Statistics of New Hampshire, Chowla, CHAWLA.
Yes.
She testified after I did for HB1661.
That's the bill I wrote.
That's sponsored by Yuri and Jason and a whole bunch of other people.
She testified after me and she said, in preparation for the meeting, I had my staff look up U12.9.
Steve, if you remember from last week, this came up and I said U12.9 is the code because you asked, what's the code for a vaccine injury?
That code was created by the WHO, was not adopted by the CDC, has not been used in the United States for deaths.
Maybe it has been used for some doctors who heard about it, but it has not been used by the CDC for deaths.
So your chief of bureau statistics of New Hampshire in preparation for the meeting came in and said, there are no deaths or injuries from the vaccines in New Hampshire.
I looked at code you12.9.
If you look in the literature, it says it's a subset of Y59.0, which is used in the United States, which has been coded in Massachusetts, Connecticut, and Minnesota for the records I have.
I just did a whole presentation on it here tonight.
She's not even looking at the right code, which means no one in New Hampshire
has ever had done anything about vaccine vigilance for these vaccines.
If they're not, if she didn't even know the right code to look at, and she's in charge of the entire bureau, that means New Hampshire, like I think Mike said earlier, one of you guys, that means you have
You have abdicated responsibility completely to the CDC for vigilance of vaccines for the state of New Hampshire.
You have none in New Hampshire at your state levels.
And that is incompetence to such a degree that you guys should have hearings and pull them out of their jobs.
And there should be a criminal investigation of that Department of Health and Human Services in New Hampshire because they're not taking care of the people in New Hampshire.
Sorry, I had to get all that out.

[SPEAKER_05]
Oh my gosh.
Fantastic.
I want that transcribed.

[SPEAKER_12]
I can give you the link to the hearing.

[SPEAKER_02]
I gave it to Libya earlier today.
Yeah, I have it.
There are two medical dictionaries.
There's a med draw and a who drug dictionaries that can code for adverse events.
So it would be important to understand what the two medical dictionaries for coding adverse events say about that, to understand what the
Request for FOIAs or that sort of thing.

[SPEAKER_12]
So, Robert, they, they, um, so the numbers are created like on the fly for something that's immediate.
So it might not that specific one might not be in there.
It'll just say the codes are for immediate things.
You have to go and look at the history of the numbers where they came out just for COVID.
So you want to that is specific to the code vaccine.
So it couldn't have been around before 2020.

[SPEAKER_02]
But do you think they could have been masked in using other adverse event coatings?

[SPEAKER_12]
Oh, so there's the generic one.
I'm sorry, you probably didn't hear earlier.
Y59.0 is the one to use.
And all that means is viral vaccines.
So you would put the flu vaccine, the COVID vaccine.
They can all be put under that.
And I've been at conferences.
I was at two conferences with COVID litigators.
And the lawyers, somebody gets up on stage and tells 250 lawyers in the
conference, there are no codes for COVID vaccine injury.
We don't have any.
I'm like, no, that's not true.
It's absolutely wrong.
Very few people in the world know about Wi-Fi 9.0.
I'm one of them.

[SPEAKER_04]
I can mention on that same point that when I first saw my neurologist after my vaccine injury, so it would have been roughly maybe May of 2020, when she went to enter the code selecting, there was, to her availability, there was no availability for a COVID vaccine injury code in her system.
She did enter it, I believe it was the other code you mentioned for viral vaccine injury, but there was not one specific for COVID available to her at that time.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, you don't need means that are very specific.
There's all like pneumonia unspecified gets chosen probably 90% of the time viral pneumonia, probably 5% bacterial pneumonia, 4% fungal pneumonia, 1%.
It's generic categories are used quite a bit.
The entire ICD 10 coding system is buggy in the way that you would assess psychological behavior of a person using the coding.
It's just it's terrible.

[SPEAKER_11]
I'm going to ask one last question because we are running way long, but it's a riveting conversation.
So Nick curious asks, did your report find that the mandate violated the New Hampshire constitution?
What has this committee done to reinstate people that were wrongfully terminated from their jobs due to the mandates?
Question.

[UNKNOWN]
Um.

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, that's for anyone stating people is a legal process and that's not a legislative process, I would say.
So, I think that some of that is outside of the scope of what we can do is legislators.

[SPEAKER_12]
If you don't mind Livio, one last comment.
I don't want to get people here mad at me.

[SPEAKER_11]
Go for it.

[SPEAKER_12]
Okay.
You guys are members of the general court and as such, your officials of the state of New Hampshire, if you find that the people are an imminent danger of harm, you have a legal duty.
You have a duty to report it to the Attorney General.
And if you find that testimony that was given in these hearings would lead people of New Hampshire to be in harm's way.
And that is what occurred in the hearings, because I gave some testimony about it.
You have a duty to contact the Attorney General and refer it for criminal investigation.
And hopefully he will impanel a grand jury to investigate.

[SPEAKER_10]
If you have a duty, you say, John, if you have a duty, then that means they could arrest you if you don't do your duty.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, but nobody's going to arrest them.
They know that.
Everybody knows it.
But you have that duty.
I mean, you take the job.
If you're going to be a representative of the people, you're looking out for the people.

[SPEAKER_10]
Oh, if you're a representative, you have the duty.

[SPEAKER_12]
Well, yes, these these people here and I don't want them to get mad at me.

[SPEAKER_05]
I'm just telling you guys, you know, he's he's he's actually correct and there has been there's been there's been representatives that have
demanded, uh, in a sense, uh, they had a, they dropped off, um, forms and a type of affidavit, um, um, requesting that our attorney general do, uh, investigations and all of that.
So that has happened multiple times.
They just, um, they they are ignored is really what it comes down to.
They've been ignored.

[SPEAKER_10]
I know the feeling of that.
I have filed formal complaints about what's going on in Santa Clara County.
My first one was filed six months ago and I checked recently and there is no response.
People are dying.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah and part of it maybe it's in numbers if it's just like a couple of representatives and John who are going.
to our attorney general and maybe a couple other people who can easily ignore us, but we are trying to organize.
We have a caucus, we had this committee, so now probably we need to revisit that approach and continue this push and also it can be only
representatives, especially if Governor and Attorney General are too afraid to touch this topic.
We need our constituents to also help us and to file those reports and voice those concerns publicly to Attorney General and hopefully then something will move, but... Yuri, do we have like a couple of minutes for a funny story, Livio?

[SPEAKER_11]
Sure, we've come this far.
I'm not going to stop you from telling a story.

[SPEAKER_12]
Right.
So, so Yuri and Jason Gerard brought me in to see the attorney general of New Hampshire.
We were supposed to talk for 30 minutes.
And at like 45 minutes, Yuri and Jason just stood up to leave.
I'm like, what do you guys, what are you guys getting up for?
So.
During the meeting, the criminal justice bureau chief that the attorney general brought with him, I forget his name, but he was just like glaring at me kind of angry.
My mission was to get him to crack a smile.
So I said a few jokes here and there throughout the meeting.
I showed him a lot of New Hampshire people who died in Massachusetts hospitals.
I named them.
I showed him not only data, but individual names.
And they were they were blown away.
They never heard any kind of thing like this before before.
And so we stand up to leave.
And I said, I even got this guy to crack a smile, meaning the criminal justice bureau chief and they both laughed.
And then I said, I said, you guys are both lawyers, right?
And they looked at me and they said, yeah, of course we're lawyers.
They said, yeah, so you've just been given notice and you have a legal duty to act on this information.
The smile has disappeared from their faces and they escorted me out rather quickly.
Me and Yuri and Jason out rather quickly.

[SPEAKER_10]
Oh, wow.
They lost sense of humor real fast.

[SPEAKER_12]
Good line.
They never acted on that information, did they?

[SPEAKER_10]
No.
You could be on Colombo.
Just one more thing.

[SPEAKER_11]
Just one more thing.
Well, I want to thank all of you for coming on VSRF Live tonight.
Fantastic work you guys are all doing.
And ladies and gentlemen, it's been a real joy having you here and also depressing at the same time.

[SPEAKER_10]
Give my regards to the Democrats on the committee.
Unfortunately couldn't make it this evening.

[SPEAKER_11]
If they want to come back on, we will have a repeat.
Yes.
Bring them on.
I will.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, I'm sure I'm sure there's just a schedule conflict.
We will work around their schedule.
We would love to have them on our show.

[SPEAKER_01]
But we were told that this committee won't happen if there will be zero Democrats, so at least they were there, so there would be like equal representation, so.
We can thank them at least.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, at least they were there and didn't show up.

[SPEAKER_11]
Exactly.
Exactly.
Well, thank you for coming on, John.
Thank you for the powerful presentation and all the work that you're all doing.
And hopefully, yeah.

[SPEAKER_10]
John, could you send me your, can I post your slides on my sub stack?
Or can you post your slides on your sub-stack either way?
So just so our viewers can look through them.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, let me look through them.
So, Libio has the PDF.
Let me just look through them and I'll tell him go and he can get it to you.

[SPEAKER_11]
Awesome.
Yeah, and I'll send them to you.
I love the first slide.
Steve, hang in there with me, everyone.
Thank you for joining us tonight and have a great rest of your evening.

[SPEAKER_07]
Thank you.
Thank you for having us.
It's been a pleasure.

[SPEAKER_11]
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_07]
Bye.

[SPEAKER_11]
What a geez that I'm always proud of these people who go out of their way to fight for, for justice to bring up the truth.
Uh, it's really, yeah, it's inspiring.

[SPEAKER_10]
We need more people like that.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah.
We need a lot more people like that.
Um, I want to quickly shift gears here and let me see if I can gather myself here, Steve, bear with me.
I am working on it right now.
Here we go.
As we wrap up tonight's episode, I want to take a moment to remind you that BSRF is a 501C3 non-profit and everything we do from hosting weekly webinars and producing educational content to providing a platform for truth depends entirely on your generous donations.
And tonight's donor spotlight is from Louise.
Louise writes, thank you, Steve.
I am supporting you with my monthly donations.
I want to thank you for your work.
And as a former RN, I am disgusted with our health care system.
I was shocked to hear Alexis' story.
Keep it up.
Thank you, Louise.
We truly appreciate your support.
And again, we operate solely on the support of people like Louise and you who believe in the importance of free speech, medical freedom, and exposing the truth.
Every donation directly fuels our mission and helps us continue in the fight for our freedoms.
And if you believe in what we do, we ask you humbly for your support today.
Together, we can make a real difference.
Let me pop that other one up on the screen.
I got to make it a little bigger.
Um, as this year draws to a close, I'd like to take a moment to share a video highlighting our accomplishments over the past year.
Let me call that up.
Uh, yes, here comes our year in review video.
And on that note, we're thrilled to invite you to a very special evening on Thursday, December 5th at 7 p.m. Eastern Standard Time.
Join us for our year-end fundraiser, a night filled with laughter, music, and community as we celebrate the strides we've made together.
For a fun twist, we're reviving an iconic game show with a playful spin.
Welcome to Misinformation Squares, inspired by the classic Hollywood Squares.
This special edition will feature some of your favorite misinformation super spreaders.
competing to claim the title of ultimate source of misinformation on COVID and those safe and effective injectables.
This year's lineup of contestants promises to be to keep you both entertained and enlightened.
So far we've confirmed Dr. Paul Merrick, Dr. Mary Tali Bowden, Dr. Colleen Huber, Dr. Sabine Hazan, Dr. Rafael Lataster,
Dr. Ryan Cole, Dr. Merrill Nass, and Dr. Jessica Rose filling the squares with one more surprise guest to be announced soon.
And because no celebration is complete without incredible music, we'll have live performances by Tennessee Jet, Jimmy Levy, and other musical acts throughout the evening.
But this event is about more than just entertainment.
It's about rallying the support we need to sustain our work in the coming year.
Your contributions have been invaluable, and with your help, we'll be able to amplify our mission and reach even more people in 2025.
So mark your calendars for December 5th at 7 p.m.
Invite your friends, family, and everyone you know for a night of fun, music, and meaningful contributions.
Tickets are on sale now.
We're offering tiered ticket options, including free.
and donation-based levels, each with unique and memorable gift options for our supporters.
At the $10 level, enjoy a curated playlist of my best opening songs from over the years, featuring artists that include The The, as you heard tonight at the beginning if you were there, Pink Floyd, Midnight Oil and more.
At the $20 level, receive one raffle ticket for a chance to win all your favorite misinformation super spreader gear for 2025, including a branded winter hat, two pint glasses, a soy candle, and a cozy Sherpa blanket.
Buy as many tickets as you'd like to increase your chances.
The winner will be contacted after the event.
At the $100 level, make a significant contribution to VSRF's work in 2025 and receive a special gift book from authors and health heroes, including Dr. Colleen Huber and Dr. Stella Emanuel.
And at the $200 level, join Nurse Angela this December for a private Zoom discussion on winter wellness.
Well, she'll share her tips for staying healthy this winter, as well as advice gleaned from some of the USA's most renowned doctors and specialists.
This session will include a live Q&A with Angela.
At the 500ile level, you will receive a golden ticket.
A golden ticket includes one year subscription to Steve's substack,
four one-hour group zoom calls with a maximum of 10 attendees with Steve Kersh and in 2025, 10 entry tickets for all future 2025 raffle items and a fantastic themed VSRF misinformation super spreader merchandise bundle, including a branded winter hat, two pint glasses, a candle and a cozy Sherpa blanket.
So join us for misinformation squares and help make a difference as we step into a happy, healthy new year.
scan the QR code in the graphic or visit www.givebutter.com.backslashsquares.
Janet will put the link in the chat.
Whew, that was a lot of information, but it's going to be a fun event.
Can't wait.
And then one last thing.
Next week, we are going to be back
with on Tuesday, because next Thursday is Thanksgiving, but we have
Um, the attorney from the lawsuit in Michigan, the attorney, Jonathan Marco, who'll be joining us, uh, to talk about his landmark victory related to COVID in Michigan against, I think it was Etna and I'm going to play a little video at the end tonight, um, showing the news story about that.
So he's going to be on next week talking about that monumental victory.

[SPEAKER_09]
It was blue cross, blue shield.

[SPEAKER_11]
Blue Cross, thank you, Janet.
It was Blue Cross, Blue Shield that they won $13 million on that judgment.
What an evening, Steve.
Yep.
A lot of, a lot of information.
I wanted to say, remember how when the jabs rolled out, people were
taking pictures and posting them on social media of themselves with their arm.
I started seeing that again after Bobby was Robert F. Kennedy Jr. was nominated to be the head of HHS.
People were posting it again saying, get them while they're hot.
Get your chili.
They know all the Democrats.
because they're afraid that their jobs are going to get pulled.
And so I just, I just had to laugh.
I couldn't.
Yeah.
It's all along partisan lines instead of health and information.
Yeah, magic.
All right, I'm going to take us out with this new story about our next Tuesday's guys join us Tuesday night, not Thursday.
So have a great weekend.
And we will see you on Tuesday night.
If I can get my screen to work properly.
Yes, here we go.
Have a great rest of your evening.

[SPEAKER_00]
The Michigan court has awarded nearly 13 million dollars to a woman who was fired in 2021 for refusing the COVID-19 vaccine on religious grounds during the pandemic.
A jury ruled in favor of Lisa Domsky, a Catholic woman who sued Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan, her former employer of 38 years.
Domsky argued that the company violated her rights by firing her after she requested an exemption from its vaccine mandate, citing her Catholic beliefs and giving a written statement with the name of her priest.
But her request was denied by the company.
The jury found that Domsky's firing was unlawful and that Blue Cross Blue Shield had failed to accommodate her religious beliefs.
Domsky's legal team celebrated the ruling, calling it a major win for religious freedom.
Attorney John Marco said our forefathers fought and died for the freedom of each American to practice his or her own religion.
Neither the government nor a corporation has a right to force an individual to choose between his or her career and conscience.
Blue Cross Blue Shield refuted the ruling in their statement to media saying in October 2021, Blue Cross and its subsidiaries enacted a vaccine policy requiring all of its employees to be fully vaccinated for COVID-19 or obtain a religious or medical accommodation.
In implementing the vaccine policy, Blue Cross designed an accommodation process
that complied with state and federal law and respected the sincerely held religious beliefs of its employees.
The insurance company says it is reviewing additional legal options.
Some Catholics have voiced strong opposition to the COVID-19 vaccine, citing cell lines from aborted fetuses being used in the development of the vaccines.
Pope Francis came out in support of the vaccine, saying receiving it is an act of love.
But the church emphasized Catholics should not be obligated to be vaccinated.
