[SPEAKER_05]
This world is big and wild and half insane.
Take me where real animals are played.
Just a dirty old shack where the hand of bark that we called our home.
I want to be my friend.
I'm of the kind to talk.
On animal farm, on animal home On animal farm, on animal home While I lay my head up on my pillow Little girl complaining in my window Though she's far from home
She is by my side And the sky is bright So let the sun shine bright On animal farm On animal farm On animal farm Girl, it's a hard part
if it gets you down.
Dreams often fade and die in a bad mad world.
I'll take you where real animals are playing.
And people are real people, not just playing.
It's a quiet, quiet life.
On animal farm, on animal farm, on animal farm, on animal farm.

[SPEAKER_04]
Tonight on VSRF Live, legendary whistleblower and pharma industry insider Sasha Ladapova returns now with even more shocking evidence around the next major effort to get synthetic mRNA into the public's bodies via the food supply.

[SPEAKER_06]
All the animal vaccines are now being converted into genetic vaccines even when they're calling them different other things.
So on this slide, you can see how many products have already approved there.
You know, dozens of products.
They're all manufactured from the same process.
They start with DNA plasmids.
then they convert them into something.
Sometimes DNA plasmid is the final product.
Sometimes it goes through several, you know, you transfect the cells, the cells produce the protein, and they produce the viral vector, and that becomes the vaccine.
But the important point, they start from the same DNA plasmid, and this process happens in these biomanufacturing facilities, the same facilities that make vaccines for people, they make vaccines for animals.

[SPEAKER_04]
Hello and welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm Livio Sanchez, and tonight we have a very special guest joining us.
Once again, legendary whistleblower and big pharma industry insider Sasha Latapova.
Sasha is a prominent figure in the health freedom movement, tirelessly working to bring awareness to the systemic corruption taking place within the pharmaceutical industrial complex.
specifically around the COVID-19 injectables and the unsafe and dishonest safety studies supposedly conducted on these products.
But before we dive into tonight's discussion, I want to take a moment to acknowledge a significant milestone, the two-year anniversary of Defeat the Mandates LA.
This serves as a reminder of the ongoing fight for health freedom, truth, and transparency, and the importance of your collective support of VSRF.
Now, Steve was going to join us tonight, but he can't be with us.
So I'm going to play a little flashback from two years ago.
I'm going to play Steve's speech at Defeat the Mandates LA.
Here he comes.

[SPEAKER_09]
Please welcome former Silicon Valley engineer and founder of the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation, Steve Kirsch.

[SPEAKER_02]
Hey.
I'm a rare species, and I'm an endangered species.
I'm a Silicon Valley tech entrepreneur who believes that the vaccines aren't safe.
I'm the only one in Silicon Valley, the only tech executive in Silicon Valley to realize the vaccines are not safe.
Can you believe that?
You know, I didn't start off this way.
By the way, I have this great sub-stack.
If you haven't subscribed to it, stevekirch.substack.com.
My fans are in the front row here.
It's free.
It's free to subscribe.
Anyway, I didn't start off this way.
You know, a year ago, I was just a Silicon Valley, high-tech entrepreneur, minding my own business, and had
I did everything right.
I had social media accounts.
I had a job.
I had a family.
I had friends that would talk to me.
And then all of a sudden, and I complied.
I complied with everything.
I trusted the government.
I complied with everything they said.
So I took the vaccine.
My family took the vaccine.
And then a month later, we started hearing stories.
from friends who were vaccine injured.
And you saw one of them earlier.
That was Tim Damroth.
That was my carpet cleaner in an earlier video.
And so I started looking into it, and I discovered that these vaccines are not as safe and effective as they were telling us.
They were lying to us.
So I started the substack.
And as soon as I did that, I went from hero to zero.
LinkedIn canceled my account, Twitter canceled my account twice.
And they called me a misinformation spreader.
In fact, I am one of the top misinformation spreaders in the world.
You know, history will not be kind.
to these people who claim that they're telling people the truth because eventually the truth does come out and we, all of us on stage will be the heroes and they will be the zeros.
Fluvoxamine.
The government wasn't funding early treatment research, so I decided to spend my own money and fund the fluvoxamine trial and it worked.
There's a paper in JAMA April 4th a few days ago.
It shows the highest level of evidence that fluvoxamine works against COVID.
So what does the WHO say they're waiting for more evidence?
That's the highest level of evidence there is.
What are they waiting for?
If that's not corruption, I don't know what is.
There's the vaccine adverse event reporting system.
The safety signals were off the charts at the very beginning in January.
We all saw it.
The FDA, the CDC and the NIH saw nothing.
They saw nothing.
Just like Sergeant Schultz.
The Bangladesh Mass Study.
The mass, this is the one that all of the people rely on to say that mass work.
We challenged the principal author of that, the senior author.
We challenged him to defend his study and he showed up.
We could not believe it.
We have been trying to get a debate with these guys for a year.
And this guy was arrogant enough to accept our challenge.
He was destroyed
in less than an hour.
And in the other hour, we beat him into the ground.
It's done.
That study is a fraud.
Masts do not work.
You know, and I'm out of time here.
It's flashing red.
Yeah, I know.
Okay.
All right.
One more thing.
Just one more thing.
A firefighter came to me yesterday and she said, we got this mayor, Eric Adams.
And we need someone to debate this asshole.
So I said, I'll do it.
And I want to bring five of my friends and we offered him $100,000.
just to come to the table and he can bring as many people as he wants.
And then I extended the offer to the mayors of the 10 largest cities in America.
This is a million dollar offer and these guys will never accept it because they know that if we have a debate, they will lose and we will crush them.
Thank you so much for being here today.

[SPEAKER_04]
What a fabulous event that was two years ago.
And we, I believe, have made a significant difference.
And I must emphasize that VSRF Live relies on public donations to bring you events like Defeat the Mandates and the COVID Litigation Conference and this weekly show.
So before we get started, I just want to
say that this is not a drill, we really need to raise funds.
Your financial support is crucial for us to continue our mission, including producing studies and data, as well as advocating for and supporting those injured by COVID-19 vaccines.
Please consider donating to VSRF tonight, and if possible on a monthly basis, even a small contribution of $5 a month from each of our loyal viewers like you would fully fund our operations and ensure VSRF survival into 2024 and beyond.
To donate, simply text VSRF to 53-555.
Our goal for tonight and every show going forward is $5,000, which is the bare minimum needed to cover our weekly show expenses.
Remember, no donation is too small, and your contributions are tax deductible.
Thank you for your ongoing support.
Now, it's my pleasure to bring back to VSRF Live, our special guest tonight, Sasha Latapova.
Welcome to VSRF Live, Sasha.

[SPEAKER_06]
I leave you off.
Thank you for inviting me.

[SPEAKER_04]
It's an honor to have you here, and I want to read your bio like I always do before we get going.
With over two decades of experience in the pharmaceutical industry, you worked with some of the world's leading pharmaceutical companies, bringing a wealth of knowledge and expertise to the table.
Your deep understanding of drug study, design, and execution makes you uniquely positioned to comprehend the complexities surrounding the production, testing, and rollout of COVID vaccines.
Having retired from the pharmaceutical industry in 2020, Sasha now hosts the podcast, Do Diligence and Art, where you share your research and insights with a large and growing international audience.
We are privileged to have you back with us tonight.

[SPEAKER_06]
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_04]
Um, so I, I was watching your speech at the COVID litigations conference and the first thing that jumped out at me is you actually called out Steve for ignoring you or not paying attention to what you're translating.
Tell me about that conversation, that original conversation.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, yeah.
So this was in, I think it was late 2021.
I started publishing, I was the first one to publish on a vaccine batch variability issue, which is the first signal that I saw a huge signal of these products being not good manufacturing practice compliant.
And at the time I thought, Oh my God, this is, you know, slam dunk.
We have so many layers of law enforcement to enforce pharmaceutical law because clearly they're violating pharmaceutical law.
I thought it was because they rushed, because they were mistakes.
I was still very naive at the time.
I wrote letters to the FDA, so I had no social media presence.
And I was trying to get some attention to this.
I actually, through Telegram contacted Mike Hiddon.
I didn't know him.
I may have been with him on some conference calls advisor with, you know, 20 other people.
And so the name was familiar, but we never spoke really.
And so I just messaged him on Telegram and he responded.
And he helped me publish it in the expose in the UK, you know, like the little online publication.
And so from there it got picked up in the US.
And then he emailed Steve and they had been talking already at that time.
He emailed Steve with a long email saying, hey, you know, talk to this lady.
She makes sense.
This is really a big issue.
And then Steve called me and we had a discussion and he was like, you're an artist.
And...
Who are you?
Oh, why are your slides not numbered?

[SPEAKER_04]
So he didn't know your background yet, obviously.

[SPEAKER_06]
He didn't know me from the next person on the street because, like I said, I'm just a professional in the industry.
I never had a social media.
I didn't need to.
And I just saw this and it's like, why is nobody speaking about this?
This is just a huge problem.
This is the first thing we all look at.
this is like stop the plant, you know, start investigation.
And I saw people would pay more attention.
Instead, I got like dismissed everywhere, banned on Twitter, you know, almost banned on LinkedIn.

[SPEAKER_04]
Do you know if Steve had been vaccinated yet when you first spoke to him?

[SPEAKER_06]
I didn't.
I didn't know him either.
It's just that, you know, I respected Mike.
Mike actually
You know, him speaking early and writing that letter with Wolfgang Woodard to the EMA, I was like, wow, this is really a big deal and I, you know, inspired me to speak.
And so, you know, so that, but Mike, you know, was the only person I knew at the time kind of, you know, we exchanged emails.
And so he sends me to this guy.
I'm like, I'll talk to anybody, just somebody.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, somebody listen to me, please.
I want to go all the way back.
How did you get into the pharmaceutical industry without even, you said you didn't even work for any pharmaceutical company.
You had your own companies and you did,
clinical trials for them.
I'd love to understand how you got in and exactly how that works where the big pharma companies farm out the clinical trials to an independent contractor like you.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yes, so I started when I graduated from business school.
The first job I got out of business school was with a company that did
consulting to many other industries, but their big industry focus was pharmaceutical.
And they did a number of things, like econometrics consulting, IP support for IP litigation, support for all sorts of other litigation, because when you have to prepare huge expert testimonies, they were involved, for example, in the Microsoft anti-trust litigation for nine years.
I didn't participate in that, but the company was.
And, you know, you have to prepare huge witness testimonies and, you know, one expert witness, some professor in school is looking to prepare all the.
analysis, the data crunching, you know, so we were the people who behind the expert witnesses preparing all that testimony.
And so I got just kind of slotted in early on the pharmaceutical health care clients.
And from then on, you know, you just you worked on the project for pharma, while they'll put you next on the project for pharma, because you're now experienced, you know, like, you know, one thing led to another.
And so I learned a lot by just working in different cases, not all of them were litigation, it was just
Some of it, a lot of it was market, you know, estimating market size and targeting clients and what kind of service, what kind of positioning, what kind of, you know, so you learn a lot about the whole industry by working on different projects and looking at different aspects of operation, marketing, litigation, IP.
So I worked on a bunch of interesting projects and eventually we started several, myself and my husband, we both started several businesses.
We're also successful entrepreneurs in pharmaceutical R&D.
So we started working in that's called contract research organization space.
It's a huge industry, again, very diversified.
and they all work also on different aspects of drug development because pharma companies, they used to do everything themselves.
They used to be fully integrated.

[SPEAKER_04]
They did all their own trials internally.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yes, they did all their own trials with their own staff running those trials.
Many of them, even when I worked there in early 2000s, many large companies still had their own, what's called phase one units, they had their own animal labs inside.
They had owned
phase one unit, so they would like rent space in a hospital in a large teaching hospital.
They'd rent like a floor and they would run clinical trials there.
They'd recruit people, pay them, then they come in and do the study.
They ultimately outsourced all of this by let's say middle
to buy 2020 definitely.
Most of the pharmaceutical companies get rid of their own internal capabilities to do preclinical or clinical trials.

[SPEAKER_04]
How far back before 2020 do you estimate that they started farming it out?

[SPEAKER_06]
Probably.
So this industry started now, I would say,
in the 90s, the industry started doing contract work.
But it basically works like if you're an architect and you're building a huge conference center, some really complex thing.
So you have an architect who designs it, but then you have contractors who come in and do the work.
And you have plumbing guys and electricity guys.
Lots of contractors.
So lots of different contractors that do specialize in their own
in their little piece.
And so my companies, there are several, one early on, we were working in the imaging space, you know, like diagnostic imaging, everything that MRI, CT, x-ray, although not so much x-ray, but MRI and CT, they're digital images.
So you can quantify them.
So we were doing quantification, different measurements using computers and, you know, combination of computers and people.
That became my kind of thing is to use
computerized approaches with human oversight and deliver better measurements.
And so that was the one company.
Then the other company was doing the same, but in electrocardiograph space.
And that's also an image electric, you know, ECG is an image.
And you can also do computerized measurements and then do human oversight.
And so that was focused on safety.

[SPEAKER_04]
What were some of the products that you were working on in the early days?
Were they all vaccines or are there other kinds of?
Like my mom, for example, was part of the clinical trial for OxyContin.
So that was back in the 90s.
So I'm curious what other products you might have worked on.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, I did not work in opioids.
At some point, I know we went bidding on some work for a company.
It was like a very secret facility because they work, they have like license to import cocaine, right?

[SPEAKER_04]
Okay.

[SPEAKER_06]
So you go in, there's no sign on the door, somebody meets you outside, you go in, it goes through multiple, and then you end up with the pharma people sitting there.

[SPEAKER_04]
Did they blindfold you?
Did they transport you to the car to get you so you don't know where you are?

[SPEAKER_06]
No, I was with my colleague, we were, you know, doing sales.
It was just like, okay, let's go bid on that.
And we didn't get the bid.
But it was just very interesting how secret they were.
And I was like, well, that makes sense to me.
Yeah, so that, but I worked.
So I didn't work in opioids at all.
I worked mostly.
So when I was an imaging, it was mostly musculoskeletal oncology, because that's where imaging tends to be used more.
And then cardiovascular was across the board because that cardiovascular safety was kind of like a, you know, a study that everyone was obligated to do.
And so every therapeutic area you go, you know, all the drugs that were in development, you know, they had to do the standard battery of safety testing.
And so we ended up working like all over the place.

[SPEAKER_04]
So how long would it take for a new product that you'd get involved in to then go through all the clinical trials and all the testing to make it to market?
What's the start idea all the way till it's like approved and safe and effective to be led out into the wild?

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, the standard average and it would like creep up.
So it started maybe like from five years and by the time, because all the regulations would be like just added on it and on it and every new thing now has to go through a whole bunch of additional hoops.
And so ultimately was something average was 10, 11 years.
10, 11 years.
Yes.
And the timelines
would just go one way increasing because you have so many more things that you have to understand and study because you've previous, you had previous experience, bad experience, right?

[SPEAKER_04]
So it was getting longer early on in your career, like it was taking longer to get products out into the public and approved.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yes.
And I mean, there were some areas where this wouldn't be so long, but usually like the way this works is if you're developing something for that you're going to then
offer to everyone like allergy meds, right?
So it's almost the entire population.
They need to be offered to pretty much anyone old, young, so forth.
So like allergy meds,
would be some area where you'd have to be as safe as water.
And that's really difficult to demonstrate.
You're not just saying that.
You just have to show and you have to exclude all these risks that now regulators know about and have documented because of the previous history of other things.
And so that's one area.
And then on the other extreme, you would have, you know, places where drugs would be developed faster because they're more severe indications like oncology, terminal, let's say illness, stage four cancer, like cancer treatment drugs.
Yeah, cancer gene was was an area where the regulations were, let's say milder, but everybody understood that, yes, you know, it makes sense.
Also, you know, those are the areas where you would not be allowed even to study your drugs and healthy volunteers because the drugs would be inherently toxic and considered risky.
And so it would be unethical to give it to healthy people in clinical trials.
And so that's your other extreme or some sort of rare genetic conditions.

[SPEAKER_04]
So are they using animals or lab rats?
What would they use to test these?

[SPEAKER_06]
So yeah, so they would do some animal studies, preliminary studies, and then they would go directly into patients.
So people who are already failed several cancer regimens, and so now
you have a choice and then your doctor says, well, do you want to participate in the clinical trial because we have no options.

[SPEAKER_04]
Right, everything else failed.

[SPEAKER_06]
Everything else failed.
And so those people would typically participate, but those trials would be much smaller.
And again, everybody understands that this is why we're doing it this way because, you know, the drugs are riskier and the people are sicker.
So that's fine.
Now, that's where I learned about the mRNA.

[SPEAKER_04]
What time period was this?
Around what years?

[SPEAKER_06]
So this was around 2006, 2007.
Early on.
Yeah, fairly early on.
I mean, it had been already studied in multiple studies.
There were some regulatory guidance documents issued.
So FDA regulates industry by issuing guidance documents.
when they learn off some area or there's some new area of development, they look into it, they do research, they try to understand like what's reasonable, how you should better do the studies and how to, and now I'm describing like when they were pre-genocidal, okay, when I believe them.

[SPEAKER_04]
You thought it might actually help society?

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, and I thought that they were actually trying to do the right thing, so we're talking good old days.
And so, okay, so they would write these documents and they would say, if you are developing this class of medicine, you should consider blah, blah, blah, and you should do these studies and you should exclude these risks.
And so when I looked into mRNA, I think I was talking to some clients.
that you know were interested in our approaches to study and they mentioned this class of medicine or something and I'm like okay I gotta look it up so I looked it up and I was like oh you know it's very very risky so what I read was very risky it's only being studied for again terminal cancer hunting things which has no cure
in some other similar conditions.
And I was like, okay, that's never gonna fly.
And from what I read, I was like, ah, I shouldn't even worry about this because it's never gonna fly.
Then there was this additional problem.
There was a case in the UK where a small biotech was developing a marinade type of a product.
And they went for the first in human study at Peruxell.
Peruxell is a huge,
contract research organization.
I worked with them and several, you know, as a partner in several studies, I'm familiar with them.
They had a, they owned at that time phase one unit in one of the UK hospitals.
And in that phase one unit, they were doing the studies.
So they enrolled, I forget what it was, you typically it's a small number of people, eight to 10 healthy volunteers, old men.
And they dose them with this product in first and human test.
And immediately two people, I think two people died immediately and...
All of them got severely injured.

[SPEAKER_04]
These were already ill people that they were perfectly healthy.

[SPEAKER_06]
For some reason they were allowed to do a healthy volunteer study.

[SPEAKER_04]
They were healthy volunteers.

[SPEAKER_06]
Healthy volunteers.
These were healthy men, healthy young men, which we typically use in first in human studies.
Don't use women.
Sometimes they use post-menopausal women for fertility issues.
And typically these are healthy young men.
I don't know why they were allowed to do it in Helsinki.
I just learned about it afterwards.
And so it turns out they killed these two people.
So I was like, oh, wait.
So that's when I read some more about the mRNA.
And I was like, this is just incredible.
This is crazy.
But this was a huge scandal in the industry.
It shut down.
like a bunch of studies right away.

[SPEAKER_04]
Did it make any national headlines?
Did it get reported in the news at all?
Like, I don't remember hearing about it.

[SPEAKER_06]
It was a big deal in industry news.
I don't remember what it was on the, I never watched regular news, but in the industry news, it was a huge scandal.
A big deal.
I actually even exchanged emails with one person.
I was on like, um, recently on a large email chain and she said, Oh, I know one of those guys who survived.
And so I'm still trying to get in touch with them if they can speak.
They probably signed an NDA.

[SPEAKER_04]
They would be amazing to talk to one of the survivors from those early years.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
So I thought it was, I'm telling you, it was, it was scandal like no other.
We've never had anything like this happen.
And of course the, the biotech went out of business.
Paracel, I don't know what they did.
They probably settled, you know, and
And so at that time, that was kind of imprinted in my head that this is really risky thing.
And they were stooped.
Everybody was yelling at paracel.
Why did you dose them all at the same time?

[SPEAKER_04]
Right, instead of like staggering.

[SPEAKER_06]
That was a huge deal, huge oversight on their part.
And anyway, so it's imprinted in my head that this is really bad.
And so now we come to 2020, they're saying, we're going to give it all now to children and pregnant women.
And this is a prophylactic vaccine.
We solved all the problems.
You know, no, no, you haven't solved your problems.

[SPEAKER_04]
You were here in the United States.
And you were, were you retired already?
Or you were still in the industry when COVID hit?

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, I left the industry around 2017.
I was, I was like still doing some consulting and stuff, but like not, not much.
And by 2020, I wasn't doing anything at all.
I am on the board of a oftalmic company, some medical device, so nothing to do with pharma.
And so that's my only ongoing commitment.
So yeah, so when they started talking about mRNA as a vaccine, I was losing it.
I was like, this is just crazy, right?
Why isn't anybody speaking about this?
And then ultimately when they started, when the VAERS data started coming out and there was enough of it available in the database, I started that around the summer of 2020, I started looking into this batch
battery ability issue.
And I saw it and I was like, you know, somebody please notice this.

[SPEAKER_04]
And so when, at what point did you finally do somebody say, oh, you're, let's, let's talk to Sasha.
Let's listen to what she has to say.
Let's look at her data.

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, so, so Mike Eden was the first person who took me seriously.
And he said, yes, it's a big problem.

[UNKNOWN]
You know,

[SPEAKER_06]
And so, since then, we're good friends.
And then after that publication and expose, so this person that I later collaborated with, Craig Parity Cooper, he was a student in the UK, a PhD student.
a pharmacy student rather.
And so he saw it and he did his own analysis and he published his own analysis.
And it was really great.
Like he found some additional things because he's more savvy with computers.
I'm just doing like Excel, you know, I'll download it and I'll just do Excel analysis.
I don't have any database tools or anything.
And so he found some additional really bizarre things like clustering by alphabet, by how the batch is unnumbered, which is really bad.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
Yeah.
So he found that pattern right away.
And since then, we got in touch and we started collaborating.
He put together this website, HowBedIsYouBatch.
and we've done about like, I've collaborated with him for about a year and a half.
And after, you know, I've learned everything there is to learn for me from there's like, there's no new information in it.
We know it's hugely dangerous.
We know that these batches of variable that they are splitting them and sending them to different geographies.
You know, there's a lot of findings from that.
But I, my question was,
why no regulators ever acted on it.
They know it.
It's not like it's a secret to them.
They have even better databases than theirs.

[SPEAKER_04]
Did you go to any of the regulators?
Like Brooke Jackson, for example, went and we know her story.
Did you try to go to the authorities with your experience and your background?
And how was that received?

[SPEAKER_06]
I sent a few letters to Janet Woodcock, Peter Marks, the whole list of regulators several times with this data, no response.
Ultimately, I was also through my key, then he put me in touch with Ron Johnson, also that this was
And also in the beginning of 2022.
So I worked with him and his staff.
We put together kind of a summary of this data early on.
And he he sent congressional oversight letters.
So, you know, it's way better than me just, you know, writing letters to Janet Woodcock.
It's, you know, it's a senator who is in charge of this oversight.
And so he's writing oversight letters to FDA.
to Moderna, Pfizer, Johnson, Johnson, CDC, and he got dismissed.
And he wrote about 40 letters, not all of them about this, but several were including this analysis.
Not only he was ignored, he was then
call, you know, call the conspiracy series that misinformation spreader in emails, uh, internal emails at FDA by Peter Marx, you know, I have those emails.
And so I'm like, okay, this tells me everything I need to know because from now on, I don't, I don't need to yell at CDC anymore or Janet Woodcock.
I treat it as intentional.
Yeah.
I got my answer.
I don't need to go beat my head against the wall over and over and over again.
Please.

[SPEAKER_04]
You see the writing on the wall.
You're seeing what's happening.
That's everybody else.
So yeah.
So what did you do next?

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, so then I think, well, I started at that time already, I started publishing video presentations, like PowerPoint video presentations on, on BitShoot.
Again, because I don't have any media.
I didn't bother with YouTube for get it there.
They were generally anyways of, you know, they were the first.
So, yeah.
So BitShoot plus Craig's website, which became very popular.
and some telegram channels.
So I was doing that for a while and I published right away as I made a presentation I called Intent to Harm because I've learned from these guys, including their non-response and ignoring Ron Johnson.
that it's, you know, it's intentional.
They mean it.
They're not stupid.
They don't understand and it's new technology.
They understand everything.

[SPEAKER_04]
Exactly what's going on.
It's not the word you used intentional.
They're not dumb.

[SPEAKER_06]
They're not dumb.
They're not dumb and they have all the databases in the world better than we do.
They know all this.
And so, so Idria is intentional.
I published Intent to Harm and then from then on, I, you know, developed that and I started looking more into why, how are they able to subvert all of the pharmaceutical law and how are they able to intentionally harm people?
while denying this and there's no way anybody can sort of come in.

[SPEAKER_04]
There's no liability, they have liability.
George W. Bush brought us the PrEP Act, right?

[SPEAKER_06]
Yes.
So from then on, I found the work of Catherine Watt on Substack and the first post that I read for a while was pinned on her page.
It's called American Domestic Bioterrorism Program.
And everyone should read it.
It's, it's, it's a must.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_04]
Wait, can you repeat that?
And maybe Janet could put it in the, in the chat.
What's the name of that book?

[SPEAKER_06]
It's called American Domestic Bioterrorism Program.

[SPEAKER_04]
All right.
I'm going to put that on my list.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
She also publishes a lot of kind of summaries.
She's done an amazing research.
She's probably the best researcher on law in the world today on this topic.
And so when I saw that post, then it clicked in my head and I understood how they were able to do this thing.
I knew they were doing it.
I just couldn't figure out how.
And now I know how they do it and why, you know, why there is no liability, why nobody's prosecuted, why these things continue.

[SPEAKER_04]
Can you tell our audience in a reader's digest type of way?
Cause I know it's probably a very long story and a long book.

[SPEAKER_06]
It is, it is kind of a, you know, you need the, at some point we need to write a book, but it's, I don't know.
So instead of that, we have sub-stack right now.
But so the, so how they're able to do it is by changes that they've done, they've made to the US law over time.
And this also shows in, shows intent and premeditation.
So the evidence of premeditation is the US law.
US law should be brought into all the cases as material fact.
material fact that the government made all these changes to enable mass poisoning and democide without any repercussions for anyone involved.
It involves several pieces of US law, which again, were changed over a long period of time.
The most recent changes started in late nineties and then really escalated after, after 9 11, after anthrax hoax, which was a shakedown of
a couple of resistors and Congress who didn't want to put those laws on the books, the Patriot Act and bio bio shield.
Those were the ones that received the anthrax and they received the anthrax and the white powder, the white powder.
Yeah.
Which is anthrax toxin, which I'll cover that separate.
It's, it's, it's different from anthrax.
Uh, anyway.
Um, and, uh, so, so they got the powder, uh, few people got poisoned.
And then, you know, there's no more resistance in Congress to this.
And since then, the train has been rolling and it's just getting, you know, momentum is increasing.
So that was the first set of things.
But really the first one starts even in the 80s when under Reagan, they put in the public health emergency law in the US books.
Prior to that, public health emergency is not anticipated by constitution.
There's no such a thing.
The country was created during an emergency and a revolution and war.
There was a war, no, not.
And that wasn't part of the constitution.
The founders didn't say, oh, you have all these human rights and liberties and pursuit of happiness, except when we have flu.
Then no.

[SPEAKER_04]
Right.
Yeah, they didn't have exceptions back in those days.

[SPEAKER_06]
No, there was no exceptions.
But they've created this exception.
Public health emergency, which wasn't a thing, can't really happen.
It's not something that can affect a country of the size and diversity and so many time zones and climates and people living so far from each other.
It's just not the same.
But they said, oh yeah, it's going to be a thing.
And when that thing happens, then we can invoke all these additional laws.
And so from then on, they also added on
this whole piece about countermeasures.
So emergency use countermeasures also started not in the 80s, but started after 9-11.
So this class of things, countermeasures, it's very vaguely defined.
It can be really anything.
But they say there's a category of medical countermeasures, which is drugs and vaccines,
therapeutics and diagnostics and all kinds of medical things that supposedly you use in a very dire emergency like we get a nuclear attack.
There is
I don't know, chemical weapons deployed and there's nothing that we know about it.
And there is just like dire things.
And for that reason, the US government justified appropriating a huge amounts of money over time and giving contracts, no bid contracts to farmers cronies to produce these things that nobody needs because we don't have nuclear attacks every day.
And so they say, well, yeah, because of this, we don't have a market for it.
So the government needs to step in and order these things because the government knows best, you know, and so the government can predict the future also.

[SPEAKER_04]
Right, they know something's coming, so they need to prepare for disease X or any other possible scenario.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, so we need to prepare.
They love that.
Warfighter readiness, preparing, saving lives.
But you know what?
OK, so in addition to we don't have market and nobody needs these things, but we can order them for a lot of money from our friends.
Also, well, it takes a long time to develop the good drugs, right?
As I said, 10 years.

[SPEAKER_04]
A decade, you know, on average.

[SPEAKER_06]
So, you know what?
Actually, we can do them in 60 days.
Right.

[SPEAKER_04]
And what changed in the, like, back to the, like, process, how did they eliminate all these layers of regulations that were being added on over time to, like, 10 years to, like, two months?

[SPEAKER_06]
Right, so because they know that this is, this violates everything in pharmaceutical law, this whole idea.
And of course, it's going to be hugely dangerous because you can't make anything safe in 60 days.
And they're going to kill people and injure people.
They're like, okay, well, now we have a problem because we have this whole Food and Drugs and Cosmetics Act that says you can't do this.
So what do they do?
Well, I have a PowerPoint from FDA lawyers who are saying, oh, you know what, we need to have a separate chapter of a DNC that says for emergency use countermeasures and the public health emergency, all of the things that are illegal normally are now legal.
Isn't that great?

[SPEAKER_04]
Fint, just a switcheroo.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
Yeah.
So they actually eliminated any requirements for safety, efficacy, good manufacturing compliance.
That's number one that they eliminated.
They eliminated it actually conveniently in 2017.
Scott Gottlieb, I think it's, I think it wasn't so sensitive.

[SPEAKER_04]
Scott Gottlieb, I just, while you met, I was at an event Tuesday night and he was sitting three feet away from me by the way.
Really?
Yeah.
That's another story though.

[SPEAKER_06]
Okay.
So he's the person responsible for no good manufacturing practice.
Uh, well, yeah.
So, so the testing of biologics,
to which these vaccines fall into this category of biologics produced in biologics manufacturing facilities.
So thanks to Scott Gottlieb, biologics manufacturing facilities no longer have requirement for FDA inspections.
And that was, he did that before 2020.
So obviously, again, premeditation.
He knew that this, you know, if anybody would test the product and specifically what he did, he did it as a rule change, so administrative rule change, so no law needs to pass.
He just said, oh, we used to have a requirement that biologic facility has to be inspected at least every two years and there should be, you know, random inspections and scheduled inspections by FDA.
And then the FDA inspector, when they go there, they have specific duties, like they need to do this, check this, this, this, and importantly, take a sample of the product and test it independently.
What does he do?
He removed all of them.
He said, oh, we don't need to do that.
So the specific duties eliminated.
If you don't have specific duties of inspector, manufacturer doesn't have to comply with those things.

[SPEAKER_04]
So he got rid of all the safety trapdoors.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, because they knew they were gonna poison people, and that was the plan.
And if you're poisoning people, and we start questioning, and we say, look at this batch variability, somebody needs to test the product.
And they say, well, we don't do that.
So there's no requirement for testing anymore.
No requirement for inspection.
They're saying it's at risk.
So if they have a reason to believe, if FDA has a reason to believe, if they think
that they should be inspected.
They'll send inspectors.
But if they don't think, then they won't.
And that's why they're, you know, as long as they are saying this mantra of safe and effective, safe and effective, we think it's safe.
We think, think risk benefit justifies.
They don't have to act.

[SPEAKER_04]
They spend a lot of money on public relations.
Getting that campaign out to the doctors, the healthcare practitioners and obviously to the public.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
They just say it.
But they just say it.
They don't have to prove it.

[SPEAKER_06]
They don't have to prove it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So that's, that's how it is.
So now the biology, and that's important for both, you know, the human and animal vaccines because they're produced in the same facilities.
Those facilities no longer need to be inspected.

[SPEAKER_04]
Nice segue, Sasha, because this is where I'm really interested in, and it will probably jump back and forth because your presentation, you brought it up just like zing right up on the big screen.
Can we go in there a little bit into the food supply and other

[SPEAKER_06]
Other me.

[SPEAKER_04]
So you can share.
Let me get your, uh, once you start sharing, I can put it up on the screen.

[SPEAKER_06]
I think it's this.
Okay.
Yeah.
So, um, genetic vaccines.
Um, so this one, this is the slide I was, uh, discussing in, um,

[SPEAKER_05]
Just to provide some technical background, there are six technologies.

[SPEAKER_06]
Oh, I don't know.
Yeah.
I guess there's a, there's a, I can reframe it.

[SPEAKER_04]
So hang on.
Give me a second.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_06]
You know what?
I'm going to, or for the categories of technologies, you can see how many products have been.
Okay.
Hold on.
Sorry.
I don't want to, I, I have an audio track recorded there.
So I didn't realize this, but so I can just do it without putting it like full screen.

[SPEAKER_04]
Sure.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
So, uh, do you see it now?

[SPEAKER_04]
No, I see a blank screen.

[SPEAKER_06]
Oh, share screen.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_04]
We're a patient bunch here.

[SPEAKER_06]
Sorry about this technical problems.
So yeah, so this is the slide I was presenting.
And this is from a Frontier's review paper on animal vaccines.
And this is what in overall you can call genetic vaccines.
They're not all mRNA, but there are some already approved mRNA.
I'll talk about it specifically.
So this is this one here.
I'm showing secruity for pigs.
Most of these vaccines are what's called first generation and second generation genetic vaccines, which is just the DNA plasmids by themselves, which have been approved and used in fish primarily.
And then a whole bunch of recombinant, so meaning using synthetically designed DNA pieces grown in plasmids and then passage or combined with different other cell lines, organisms to produce a final protein.
that they want.
And it could be a chimeric protein.
It could have pieces of this and that in it.
And then that becomes a vaccine product.
And then now the latest generation is all these mRNA shots, of which secretive is one.
But the most important part on this slide is that all of these vaccines, and you can see how many products are there, they are produced from the DNA plasmids.
DNA plasmids are just, it's a method of growing
synthetic DNA in large quantities quickly.
Because what they do is they design this piece of DNA with whatever desired components they have.
And then they basically throw it into a vat with E. coli cells.
And the E. coli cells replicate very quickly and grow overnight.
You can grow a bunch of DNA and then they get harvested.
So E. coli cells get killed by antibiotics.
And DNA is supposed to be purified from there.
with the problem with what we found, and that's Kevin McKernan's work, but this was found before Kevin McKernan.
I saw a bunch of reports from Europe, for example.
I published on that as well.
We found that this purification process doesn't really happen for the COVID shots.
There's a huge amount of those DNA plasmids, E. coli, and the toxins that they produce.
are found in the vials and that gets injected into people.
And that's one of the hugely problematic mechanisms built into these shots, which you can say it's a contaminant.
But again, as I treated, the contaminant is something that somebody is concerned about.
They store production, they investigate, they do something about it.
Then you can say, well, yes, it was a contaminant as a mistake.
Now, after years of pushing these products on the market,
with DNA plasmids all over the place, I call it intentional.
They want the DNA plasmids to be there, and so they are not removing them.
And because, as I said, Scott Gottlieb removed the requirement to test the product independently.
Well, there we go.
So now we have these production facilities churning out God knows what with DNA plasmids in them, and that's one of the very, you know, very big problems.
And once you get this product, whether you're a pharmacist or a veterinarian or a farmer, you have no ability to detect it.
Nobody has the labs like Kevin does to study this independently.

[SPEAKER_04]
And do you know if it gets into like our food supply?
Like, does anything kill this?
Like, like, or does it just live on no matter what?
And if you eat this, then you have it in your system.
How does it work?
Can it get from the animal into the human?
through this process.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yes, so the mechanisms for this, so immediately we get accused of being conspiracy theories and they say, oh, if you cook the meat, DNA gets denatured.
Now, again, this is a big area of deception.
So they tell you it's DNA, they tell you it's RNA, but it's not.
It's a chemical compound.
It's not a natural DNA and it's not a natural RNA.
It's a synthetic chemical.

[SPEAKER_04]
Right.
And that can survive all the processes all the way.

[SPEAKER_06]
It might be able to because it's also encapsulated in other chemicals to preserve it, to stabilize it, to make it manufacturable again.
So we have a synthetic chemical encapsulated in other synthetic chemicals.
It's not clear that it's going to get denatured or it's not going to survive, for example, cooking.
But that's actually like less of an issue than the primary issue with this is that the animals will get sick and die and they will be shedding.
So the people who are most at risk in my opinion are the farm workers, people who process the food, the processing plants,
And, you know, the veterinarians themselves who administer this, and other animals that are around and other species that are around.
Let's say this gets into soil bacteria, it gets into water bacteria, it gets transferred.
Because bacteria, E. coli, so first of all, E. coli lives everywhere in human and animal gut.
E. coli pick up these materials because it's designed to be grown in E. coli.
And they start replicating.
You know, the animal starts producing these aberrant proteins.
They shed onto other animals.
They shed onto people who work with them and they shed into water and environment.
And that's the number one problem there.

[SPEAKER_04]
So it's not necessarily that we should be worried about.
eating some of this, it's more like they might just destroy our entire food supply.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_04]
Because all the animals will die, the environment, the people that work with the animals, like they're all getting this and they could have adverse effects or even death.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yes, exactly.
And animals can also get, you know, so animals can get cancer by this method, just like so the DNA DNA plasmids and DNA plasmids are transfectant.
So the animals can start producing these aberrant proteins.
They can develop cancer.
Now the animals get harvested maybe before you recognize this.
And there's no method to even test for this.
So in fact, current regulations in the US, you can still call it organic.
Right.

[SPEAKER_04]
I was going to ask, like, does it matter if it's organic or non?

[SPEAKER_06]
No, it's everywhere.
It's everywhere.
And so, and then, you know, they're also saying, well, this is just transient.
It stops producing, you know, even the DNA plasmids infected, you know, injected into fish.
A bunch of papers are claiming that these are very transient.
Now, well, what I found is they are not transient.
So this is a study in Italy
where DNA-based plasma vaccine was studied in fish.
I believe it was like salmon or trout, trout, yes.
And so look, they found that the fish was expressing this plasmid in their muscle up to 320 days.
So it's not transient.

[SPEAKER_04]
I'm gonna make this bigger so we can see it.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, it's permanent.
this expression of DNA plasmids.
And so that's why I tell people don't eat farmed fish.

[UNKNOWN]
Number one.

[SPEAKER_04]
Right.
Yeah.
Wild caught.

[SPEAKER_06]
only wild caught because of this problem.
So this is expressing permanently.
Now, there are regulatory papers I found.
This is for Europe.
In the US, the GMO regulation is really lax and they are removing it as we speak.
In Europe, it was traditionally more stringent.
And here's a paper that says, well, technically,
vaccine product can be considered GMO, this DNA plasmid can be considered GMO, or whoever received that vaccine can be considered GMO, which includes vaccinated animals or even humans if humans get injected with this.
And they're saying, well, the definition doesn't exclude the possibility of these products or recipients becoming GMO.
They're saying, well, maybe it's because
when plasmid is deliberately modified to promote integration into host genome.
And that's a big, big question that so far nobody has addressed.
We don't have so...
I'm working with a couple of researchers trying to address this problem.
We're trying to find funding to do this study to understand whether it does or it doesn't integrate into genome.
But it's a huge problem.
All the labs are refusing to collaborate.
Nobody in science is interested in this question.

[SPEAKER_04]
Nobody wants to do the study.

[SPEAKER_06]
Nobody wants to do the study.
And of course, the manufacturers and the regulators are just denying the same.
There is no evidence.
There is no evidence.
But that's because nobody ever studied this.
That's why there is no evidence.
But clearly, it is anticipated in this regulatory paper that I'm showing that, yes, you can design a plasmid to deliberately integrate into a genome.

[SPEAKER_04]
I only know of one meat farmer, cattle farmer, rancher.
His name is Texas Slim who talks about this stuff.
Do you know of any ranchers or farmers that are even raising the alarms?

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, so there are a few.
I've actually ordered some beef from Beef Initiative.

[SPEAKER_04]
That's Texas Slim.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, I don't have any relationships with them, but they have several farmers included into their initiative.
And that's the initiative.
I think that's what farmers should do and should talk to your farmers, talk to butcher, talk to anybody because they're the ones who are going to be exposed to this first.
And just say, hey, you got to figure out, like, you got to understand what you're injecting into your animals and then self-certify, you know, because I was, you know, I mentioned in the Vegas conference, I was participating in the legislative session in Utah.
where a state senator was trying to bring a bill for labeling the food for the animals that received mRNA vaccines.
And the bill was shut down by a huge pharma lobby.
A bunch of people showed up from different groups.
and started saying ridiculous things including state food regulator who said we don't know where essentially she said we just don't know where the animals are coming into our state and how they were treated or processed.
And I was like, are you kidding me?
You don't know if the animals that you're buying have been from aldehyde exposed or some chemicals or something.
What are you saying, lady?
But she was just making that.
No, no, it's just hugely difficult for us to understand where the food supply is coming from.
That's insane.
But anyway, but that bill was shut down.
So I think that and I think that's going to be the same experience for most of the people who are going to try to do some labeling.
And that's why I am encouraging everyone to talk to your whoever, you know, ranchers, ranchers, farmers, food producers to start a self self certification movement, because they're going to be suffering from this the first like they're going to going to be whacked by all these plants and plasmids flying around.
from live animals.
And by the time we get them in the store, maybe they're denatured or something, but the farmers are exposed to first.

[SPEAKER_04]
Right.
Well, that's saying, know your food, grow your food, know where it's coming from, and stay away from the processed foods.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, so another thing I really wanted to cover here, that's very important to people to understand about the secretive vaccine.
So that's an example.
And there are a few already kind of in the works that different mRNA products.
I'm going to publish on this on my sub stack, and I'm going to make available to my paid subscribers a downloadable.
I went through the entire USDA listing of approved vaccines for animals, and I highlighted the ones that I think
problematic as far as, you know, they can be polluted with these DNA plasmids, who God knows what.
And the ones that are less problematic.
So just, you know, people, farmers can understand what they're using.
But this is an example of really, really bad product.
By the way, it was approved on December 13, 2021 by USDA.
This is mRNA vaccine for pigs that Mark has produced called Sequivity.
This is their approved label.
On the last page of the approved label, they have the summary of the safety study of this product.
So they call this safety.
They started adverse events only for 21 days.
And as you can see, they have immediate deaths of the animals, like 3% die immediately, then 30% get hugely severe adverse events.
And, you know, what do you think happens with the piglet who has central nervous system disorder or anaphylaxis or meningitis?
I mean, they get slaughtered, right?

[SPEAKER_04]
They don't send them to the hospital, as you said, in Vegas.
They don't try to save them.

[SPEAKER_06]
So this is your face with about 30% loss of your animals.
within 21 days.
And on day 22, I assure you things don't get better.
They continue dying and developing cancer and other long-term problems.
It's just that they stopped the study.
And when I tried to get the full study, so this study is not published anywhere,
Usually, when a pharma company gets something approved, they want to publish in peer reviewed and to show their product and to communicate to doctors.
But no, here you cannot find a study anywhere.
They did not publish it.
And when we tried to get data from USDA, they refused.
So they don't give it up.

[SPEAKER_04]
They won't even, they won't give it.
You have to get some sort of FOIA request or some sort of FOIA.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, you need to do FOIA.
And another inferious thing I think about this vaccine is that because they're setting it up for civilians for declaring these pandemics of animals and other things together with WHO.
So this is already WHO enabled, surveillance enabled and compliant.
And this product comes with the farmer having to sign up for testing their farm with PCR, obviously, to detect some novel pathogens to which Merck will supposedly develop a custom product within 100 days.

[SPEAKER_04]
instantly with a fake test, with a fake test, whatever results they want.
And then they'll have a product ready for it.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
And they call it platform.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_04]
So platform.
Right.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yes.
So, so I'm just telling everyone, please, you know, if they if you know any rancher, if any ranchers or farmers are listening, do not let any CDC agents test your animals with PCR, because that's how they declare this
Stupid.
So let me just, um, yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
And remember over the last couple of years, all the food plants that were being set on fire or just like, so there's, they're attacking the food supply in so many different ways, like literally arson and this platform.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, exactly.
So this platform is deliberately designed so that you can declare a pandemic of a novel passage anywhere, any farm, any land, any backyard you wish.
And then they can enable all these, you know, essentially like medical fascism that they practiced for the last few years in your farm.
And so they can, you know, force you to slaughter your animals with no reason.
So that's how they're slaughtering all these chickens that they're testing them with PCR and saying, eh, avian flu, there's no illness.
But they're just saying it's avian flu and you must call all your chickens, right?
That's their game and this product is that's how they do it.

[SPEAKER_04]
And they're just making people sick.
They're making people sick with the vaccines.
They're making people sick with the food supply.
And they're not acknowledging any of the injuries or adverse effects from any of this madness.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
I came across this.
I used to, I, you know, hey Tven admitted, I used to actually like Bernie, but look at this.
$10 billion long COVID moonshot is being floated by Bernie Sanders.
And if you scroll down, Bernie Sanders is pushing for a long COVID moonshot.
He released a draft legislation proposed this week, a follow-up to a milestone hearing in January that sounded the alarm on long COVID as a pressing public health crisis, which is what you were talking about.
The pitch calls for 10 billion in mandatory funding over the next, this is crazy, mandatory funding over the next decade to establish a new long COVID research program at the, of course, NIH.

[SPEAKER_06]
Of course.
When the criminals investigate themselves and find themselves guilty, they reward themselves with more funding.
That's how it works.

[SPEAKER_04]
Oh my goodness.
And I want to, while I'm sharing, I want to share, uh, from your sub stack, cause you, uh, went to, uh, let me share this one instead.
You were in Sedona recently.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_04]
And I was perusing.
Yeah.
It's one of my favorite places on earth.
It is, but of course I, and, and lovely.
That's your artwork.
I'm assuming beautiful artwork.

[SPEAKER_06]
I did.
I, I painted this on site at the trail.

[SPEAKER_04]
Oh, right there on the spot.
Fantastic.
Well, I went down to see something about the Airbnb.
Am I on the wrong site?

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, that's the Airbnb.

[SPEAKER_04]
If I scroll down, where do I see that?

[SPEAKER_06]
No, these are comments.
I think the post itself should be up.

[SPEAKER_04]
Let me see where.
Oh, here it is.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
This is really interesting.
They're updating their extenuating circumstances policy and changing its name to make it easier to understand.
So it's all for simplicity's sake.
And the revised major disruptive events policy will apply to all trips and experiences taking place on or after June 6th, 2024, regardless of when they were booked.
And what's changing?
Forseeable.
where foreseeable weather events at the reservation's location are explicitly eligible for coverage if they result in another covered event such as a government travel restriction or large-scale utility outage.
And this policy will only apply to events in the place where the reservation is located, events that impact the guest's ability to travel to the reservation are no longer covered.

[SPEAKER_06]
So you can't leave.
So if the government declares, if there is a
large-scale utility outage, government declares some sort of a shutdown emergency, so you can't leave and therefore your vacation is poof.
You know, you don't get any recovery for that.
Nothing.
Yeah, if you're already somewhere...
So, yeah, I found it curious.
I also found the date curious.
June 6th.
A lot of commenters and my followers there.
6-6.
6-6, D-Day, 80 year D-Day anniversary.
All kinds of interesting things.
So why not June 1st?
Why June 6th?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, well, I could speculate on how they love the number 3-6.
Yeah.
Whoever they are.

[SPEAKER_06]
I mean, you started kind of noticing this stuff.
Yeah, they like to telegraph things.

[SPEAKER_04]
Who are they, Sasha?

[SPEAKER_06]
Who are they?
Well, I mean, I am focused on the group that's kind of the executive group, the movers and shakers, the Department of Defense and the US government.
So, I mean, they ultimately may be working for somebody else, but the problem is pointing to people like WHO or Tedros or pointing to Klaus Schwab or pointing to Rockefellers.
You know what?
Those guys have alibi.
You know, when they murdered your loved one in the hospital or injected your child and your child had a heart attack, Klaus Schwab wasn't there.
He has an alibi.
other people were there and they don't okay and Department of Defense definitely does not well they were not physically present they funded this whole thing and they ordered it and they paid for it and they gave all sorts of promises and they also went you know they designed a whole bunch of laws to
enable it so you can point to all those things and to say yeah this is the so it's it's the doctor the pharmacist the nurse that administered this poison and they were working for the cartel that's DOD and then secondary to it is HHS and FDA is running cover for them pretending to regulate this when they don't.
So that's my criminal organization that needs to be addressed first.
Unfortunately, a lot of people pretend like this executive layer doesn't exist.
So they say, yeah, doctor, nurse, they're bad, pharma bad, pharma very bad.
Then they skip over this and they go to cloud shop.
That's not how you do it.

[SPEAKER_04]
No, no.
And I think a lot of the henchmen, hench people, they actually believe they're doing good work.
They're paid well, they're well educated, and they actually think they're helping people is my take on it.

[SPEAKER_06]
They think that although, you know, as time goes by, I mean, initially you could say, yeah, you would deceive like all of us and, you know, but after a dozen of your patients died on Remdesivir, you're professional, you're supposed to assess this, you know, and after four years pushing Remdesivir,
You definitely know you're definitely complicit now.
And this is now it actually, you know, in criminology can be treated as premeditated murder.
It's it's it's there's a name for it.
It's like
Basically neglect like very criminal kind of neglect or you know, you know that you're hurting somebody but you continue, right?
You know, so that's that's already a primitive especially after so many years So I don't give pass to anyone anymore any pediatrician especially you should burn in hell, okay?
And you should know but now it should know but now and anybody pushing this on the pregnant woman You should burn in hell even more
And so those people are evil.
They're not deluded.
They're evil.
That's what evil is.
They're nice.
They go home and hug their families and pretend like they're good people.
They're not.
They're deeply evil.
So that's the henchmen.
And then we need to address the DOD.
They are doing it.

[SPEAKER_04]
The Department of Defense is at the front lines.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_04]
Are they wargaming any of this stuff?
Like, how do they plan in advance?
Do they?

[SPEAKER_06]
Oh, yeah.
I mean, so how do you plan in advance?
There's a, there's documentation goes back, you know, years of them putting together this, you know, by project bio shield that was called for a while.
Uh, then they came up with the, um, so this was like starting, starting after Anthrax.
you know, going into like 2012 and started rolling.
Then 2017, so I also published on my sub-stack a leaked audio from AstraZeneca, which is discussion between the CEO of AstraZeneca, Pascal Soro, and the VP who was responsible for monoclonal antibodies, Mark Asser.
And this was an internal executive meeting.
I have video of it.
I just didn't want to put out video out of caution to not identify the person who recorded it.
And, you know, so they're discussing this whole thing that they were approached by Department of Defense in 2017.
They were specifically approached by DARPA, Colonel Matt Hepburn.
These guys, you know, and I published their pictures.
Matt Habern also goes on TED Talks and discusses this pandemic preparedness program.
So he claims to be the mastermind of this pandemic preparedness program, probably not alone, he probably had help.
But they came up with this whole brilliant plan of where, so essentially what they're doing,
is they want to deploy biological chemical weapons.
Over time, they actually found out, and Ralph Barrick wrote very lucid papers about this.
He's a good writer.
So they found out that you can't really weaponize pathogens, like natural ones.
You can't take anthrax and make it fly in anthrax.
You can't take Ebola.
or cholera and make it.

[SPEAKER_04]
Put it out in the air and make it airborne.
Yes.

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, it just gets in nature.
First of all, it's very hard to actually even harvest it.
Like to get anthrax, there's a Chinese paper I found.
In 10 years, they collected samples from 68 patients.
So it's like seven a year and a billion people country.
It's really hard.
And so they even, that's why they're doing these mammoths, Ralph Barrick writes about it, it's so difficult to obtain these pathogens.
That's why like when they find the mammoths in permafrost, they try to find pathogens in it.
Like seriously, this is what these people are obsessed with.
But it's very hard.
And it's very hard to make it do anything that it doesn't wanna do.

[SPEAKER_04]
And so you can't really just direct it and tell it what to do and send it.

[SPEAKER_06]
No, it refuses.
So he wrote like a 50 page paper about this as hilarious.
So then what they came up with over time is, oh, we can make synthetic versions of this.
And it's not the virus itself.
So like when they say anthrax,
for bio weapon purposes.
It's not actually the bacillus anthracis, which is the pathogen that's very hard to obtain.
and lives in the soil, it's the toxin.
So it's like, if you can imagine, it's a shark tooth and the bacillus is the entire shark with teeth, right?
So the shark refuses to collaborate, but that you can synthetically create the teeth, which is what their spike protein is, it's the teeth.
It's the business part.

[SPEAKER_04]
So they're taking it off the shark and putting it somewhere else.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, so they're, and they're not even taking it off the shark anymore.
They initially did and they sequenced it and they created it.
Once they understand the structure of it and there's a structure in the database, now you can synthetically make it.
So now you can make synthetic teas.
Then you can throw them around in the environment.
And then you can say, oh, we're infested by sharks because PCR test picks it up.

[SPEAKER_04]
Long COVID.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, we have long COVID now.
Right.
And by the way, this approach also skirts the Bioweapons Convention because these are designer drugs.
They're not really passages, so we have the list of controlled pathogens, and there's a prohibition from working with them, growing them, storing them, distributing them.
But you can order an anthrax lesal factor from Fisher's Scientific.
It's perfectly legal, because it's a chemical.

[SPEAKER_04]
You can easily make it.
Well, I'm going to jump to Q&A.
I can talk to you for hours, Sasha, and I'm sure everybody wants to get some questions answered out there.
So let me pop over to the Q&A and start right at the top.
I haven't even had a chance to vet them.
So I'm going to start right here with Flock 12.
We may have answered this, but I'll ask it anyway.
Are they really introducing the mRNA shot to animals?
How do we, how to reject?
How do you reject getting something that's contaminated with mRNA?

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, as I said, you need to find farmers who can self-certify that they're not going to do it.
And there are some initiatives going on.
I spoke at Weston Price Foundation annual meeting, and they had some exhibitors there that they were saying, we are against this and some farmers and ranchers.
Um, so maybe contact them.
Uh, I'm also, I'm also working the, the lot of this work I've done for them, uh, because they're trying to educate veterinarians and farmers, farmers are asking questions.
They're like, I don't know which, which vaccine product is what.
Uh, and so we need the sort of educate ourselves, educate our friends, find connections in the farming, uh, food industry.
who will self-certify and say, I'm not going to use it, and refuse.
Right now you can refuse.
When they announce a pandemic of African swine flu, it's going to be more difficult.
But right now you should be vocal, talk to your local legislators, state legislators, and talk to your farmers.

[SPEAKER_04]
Right.
Local is best both for food.
And if, if there is anything left in government, local government, I think is where you have to start.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
Um, question from Lisa.
What is the likelihood that eating animals with these DNA plasmids, lipid nanoparticles, and mRNA will cause gut issues for humans, autoimmune diseases?

[SPEAKER_06]
Yes, gut issue is the number one issue.
in my mind because the animal gut will be destroyed by this for sure.
Just like with humans injected with mRNA, you're gonna see the same things and it's all going to be driven off the gut bacteria a lot.
So as I said, your gut bacteria can pick up these plasmids and start replicating, same with animals.
If it gets sort of
Just like with humans, we don't know how long this expression lasts.
In humans, we found even nine months and more.
In fish, I showed you, it's a year.
For fish, it's a lot.
They're going to get harvested.
And so we don't know how long that lasts.
It's going to destroy your gut.
It's going to cause dyspiosis.
It's going to cause all sorts of, like our neurotransmitters are made in the gut.
So you can have neurodegenerative conditions.
You can have mental illness, depression, anxiety.
That's all caused by the gut.
And animals too, except they can't tell you.
They're just going to go crazy.
They're going to get slaughtered.
Nobody cares.
and then it gets into the food supply.
We don't know what happens with that.
And again, we need to test, we need to establish ways to test how this works, how we can test the products in the food supply.
When no spike protein, for example, gets passed in milk, both in human milk and cow milk, it's a huge issue.

[SPEAKER_04]
This is a follow-up to that from Zumiest.
Do these DNA plasmids from mRNA shots and animals increase risk of cancer for humans who eat them?
Have any studies been done?
You may have probably answered that already.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, nobody studied that.
This needs to be studied absolutely.
It needs to be studied for both for people injected with this and for animals injected in this.
Do they get cancer?
I highly suspect they do.

[SPEAKER_04]
But there's no evidence yet.
But it seems like it's not only possible, but probable.

[SPEAKER_06]
It's very probable.
And again, it needs to be studied independently, not by somebody who is hired by NIH.

[SPEAKER_04]
Here's another one I think we may have spoken about.
It's just to reiterate from go tell it on a mountain.
Did you say it doesn't matter if it's organic?

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, so current regulations, they can label it organic.

[SPEAKER_04]
Okay.
Another question from Zumi asked, are farmers actually using this vaccine because it does not seem like it would be profitable to lose so many animals?
That's a good question.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, I don't know who is using it.
That's another area that USDA will obviously not tell us.
And we need to understand who is using it, if they're using it.
I suspect that the way they will make some large corporate farming organizations use it is just government will pay them.
And they don't care.
Money is money.
I need to deal with fewer animals and I get more money.
Well, OK.

[SPEAKER_04]
Right.
Yeah.
You've got to vaccinate your pets.
You've got to vaccinate your livestock.
In fact, here's a question from CJoy01.
Are they using mRNA vaccines on our pets, cats, and dogs?

[SPEAKER_06]
There are some that are approved.
I don't have off the top of my head.
There are some for cats, I believe.
And yes, and currently there's also a huge movement just like with human, all the human traditional vaccines are being converted to this.
So is the pet vaccine.
So as I said, the biomanufacturing facilities are the same.
It's extremely profitable for them, almost unregulated.
So of course they're gonna move to that
Uh, and it's just, you know, they make this the traditional vaccines.
I don't believe in them anymore, but if you, for example, believe in traditional vaccines, they're, you know, slow to grow in the, in the egg, um, and laborious and, you know, so that's, it's just, it's, it's, it's, uh, expensive and time consuming process to make them.
Yeah.
This one is just a chemical reaction in the, in a, in a reactor.

[SPEAKER_04]
That's why they're able to make it so quickly.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
Uh, here's one from David Sheedy.
What is your view of Dr. Geert Vanden Bosch's view on acute mortality within the months ahead?
Uh, you know, he's been warning, I don't know if you've been, he's been warning of a lot of deaths coming for a while.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, I don't really follow him.
I don't, you know, like it's not the framework that he's using.
I don't believe in it.
And I know it doesn't, it doesn't seem to make sense to me.
Like he's talking about evolution, at least before when I heard he was talking about evolution of new variants.
It's not, it's not how I look at it.
And I don't think that there's sort of some sort of acute mortality.
What they can do,
And what I'm worried about is we currently have prep act declarations for numerous things in the US, not just COVID.
So a lot of people are thinking that COVID is over, public health emergency is over.
No, it's not.
They never stopped it.
The public health declaration or prep act declaration is the one that allows them to use these
EUA countermeasures and I view it as a declaration of weapons.
So it's the use of certain types of weapons.
So currently we have declaration for COVID.
It's supposed to last until end of this year.
They'll extend it again.

[SPEAKER_04]
Of course, they do and it's in their favor.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, it's in their favor.
Otherwise they'd have to pull all the products from the market.
Of course, they're not going to do that because they're all still EUA.
Nothing is approved, not under FDCA investigational rules.
It's not approved.
It's just fake as FTA is certifying the fraud.
Now, so COVID, but then we have influenza, anthrax, pesticides, nerve agents, botulinum, radiation, and no 5G, no, but yeah, no, but radiation, just regular radiation.
And yeah, so all of those things are declared.
And notice that they are, the PRPAC declares the EUAs are, they're both offensive and defensive.
And I treat them all as offensive.
They're basically weapons, they're absolving.
So they're removing liability from people who, who administer the weapon and, and, you know, the, the, the manufacturer of the weapons.
So they, so, and, and then it's kind of like,
You know, if they're saying anthrax, it's basically, if you are in the military deploying the anthrax, well, you're absolved, and then anybody who is like treating them that effect is also absolved.
So to me, it's like, you know, what else are they gonna, and I think they're gonna try to create more pandemics by deploying these synthetic agents, these synthetic toxins I'm talking about.
So like anthrax is a synthetic toxin.
It's produced by chemical reaction.
It's actually very difficult.
Well, it's easy for them to produce without violating any laws because there are three factors.
It's independently, they're benign.
So even the lethal factor you can buy from Fisher, it's benign and it's legal.
But if it's combined with the protective antigen, it's lethal.
So they can be mass produced, stored as legal things and then combined on delivery.
So I think what they're going to do, and that's maybe what Gerrit is talking except he's talking in code, is do more of these chemical attacks.

[SPEAKER_04]
That there's more coming in the future versus what they've already put in people.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
And they're going to try to deploy them and then PCR and declare that this is a new virus and do the same thing over and over again.

[SPEAKER_04]
Time to test to make sure you've got what we want you to get.
Yeah.
More with the test.

[SPEAKER_06]
All right.
So do not test with PCR tests.
Not you, not animals, not pets, nothing.

[SPEAKER_04]
Don't do it.
Here's a question from Jay Hosea-1, where China and Russia taking protocol from the US Department of Defense during COVID.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, well, so I think all of them did, especially China.
Russia seems to be following WHO, but it's the same.
It's the same protocol.
So they may be following the same rules through the WHO that publishes all these rules, but they're all following the same script.
And China is very much on board with the US because they're partnered in this.
So like they developed, the NIH gave them
grants to obviously do that Wuhan research and collect all these, you know, collect.
I think what they were doing is collecting these these pathogens and then test doing some tests.
And also they're for some pharmaceuticals as a partner of Pfizer.
There's another medicine
It's based in Shanghai, did all the preclinical work for Pfizer.
So like they're definitely collaborating a lot and financially benefiting from it.
So I see them as a collaborator.
Russia, I don't know.
They probably started as a collaborator.
Maybe now they're having a tiff and Putin seems like he wants back in the club and they don't let him back in the club and, you know,
So I don't know what's going on with Russia.

[SPEAKER_04]
I was actually going to ask you if you had any thoughts on what's going on with Russia, but we can.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, it's probably another topic of conversation.
But yeah, I don't know much except I know that they're following very much the same like the digital ID, the biometrics, the biosurveillance and vaccinations and all that and CBDC.
So they have all these same, same aligned strategies.

[SPEAKER_04]
Question from RJ Zabloki.
How would you translate your facts into actionable lawsuits?
Is it even possible?
Maybe at the COVID litigation conference, you'd talk to some of the lawyers, perhaps.

[SPEAKER_06]
I mean, I give advice as much as possible on the lawsuits.
So overall, the problem we're having with the lawsuits, as I described, the law prevents
prevents effective accountability and prevents the justice.
So the laws that we have on the book are unjust laws.
And they only, you know, if you start prosecuting under them, you only increase injustice because you have to, as part of a court procedure, you have to, you know, affirm a bunch of this crap, like we had pandemic, blah, blah, blah.
So that's number one problem.
Number two problem, a lot of lawyers want to pretend that this is a manufacturing liability case because it's lucrative.
I don't blame them.
They need to make
money, right?
So we're not, you know, working for free and not all of us can afford it.
So and the prosecuting law case is a lot of money.
It could cost millions.

[SPEAKER_04]
Right.
It's expensive to go after them.

[SPEAKER_06]
So I don't necessarily blame them, but this is the situation they find themselves that going after product liability seems like lucrative.
Going after the Department of Defense, you're never going to win and you're just going to spend a lot of money.

[SPEAKER_04]
They're just going to outspend you.
They're going to outspend you.

[SPEAKER_06]
And so specifically, I talk to Brooke often and I help them as much as I can.
What's interesting through her case, I view her case as one of the most successful ones, even though they've been dismissed many times in there, sort of the last, they're now going on the second amendment.
amended complaint.
What was interesting through that, and that's what my friend Catherine Watt predicted two years ago, she said the criminals, which is US government and pharma together, they need to be pushed into the corner enough to admit that either we have a defective product on the market and it's killing and injuring people and we need to remove it, or it is a US government policy to kill and injure people.
And that's exactly what they did.
They just admitted it.
So we are the enemy.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yes, they just admitted it.
Who is the enemy?
Is the enemy is us?

[SPEAKER_06]
The enemy is us because the Department of Justice, which is a U.S. government, lawyers, the Department of Justice representing U.S. federal government filed a motion recently to intervene and dismiss Brooks' second amended complaint.
And in that motion, they said exactly that.
They said that it's her case and, you know, so they're asking the judge to dismiss it and that telling the judge, don't let this case into discovery into court because spending money on it is inconsistent with the US public health policy.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, this might lead right into this other question from Jeannie.
Is the reason why no questions ever get answered by the authorities because they know something the public does not?
Like this is a military war game about biotech readiness.
It's all performant performative.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yes, exactly.
So the US authorities, they won't
they won't tell you this because it's national security.
So they're under national security rules, whatever.
So specifically, I know, for example, Peter Marks, who is a war criminal and should be prosecuted, okay?
He was confronted personally, not in the public audience, but in the hallway of the FDA was confronted by members of React 19 injured people.
And he told them, you know, looked in their eye and said, yes, I know, I know you're injured.
And I know, but, but I'm not going to say.
So basically like, I'm not saying anything.
You can't get anything.
Go away.
You know, but I know.
I just can't say that.

[SPEAKER_04]
Right to their face.

[SPEAKER_06]
Uh huh.
And now they're hiding less and less.
For example, this Department of Justice statement, they're hiding less and less.
The mask is off.

[SPEAKER_04]
They're having a laugh at our expense.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
uh, question from go tell it on a mountain.
Could the effects on neurotransmitters in the gut cause the personality changes I'm seeing in the jabbed.
And that's a great question because I'm, I'm seeing that too.
People are just off kilter or out of whack.

[SPEAKER_06]
Exactly.
That's exactly, that's exactly my first thing to consider is this.
And it may be insufficient neurotransmitters.
Maybe they're like not processing fast enough or, you know, they,
I've noticed that they're like off, they're like switched off.
And we also see a lot of, I was just having notes on Substack, we were discussing a lot of car accidents, single car, single vehicle accidents.
They pass out, and I personally have seen, I've driven a bunch lately.
I've seen a number of single vehicle accidents, you know, dry road, sunny, good conditions, easy road, overturned vehicle, vehicle sitting on the concrete divide, like F-150 sitting on top of concrete divider, single car.
Like, what do you do?
How do you do that?
You know, also like accidents, even, you know, we were driving and my husband commented on this, the car went straight, like they didn't break.
They just went straight into the divider.
Yeah.
And it's not a Tesla, by the way.

[SPEAKER_04]
No, it's not.
No, I get Mark Crispin Miller's blog emails on a regular basis.
You just see the list of these sudden deaths and these accidents, people having heart attacks, driving or just melting down while they're behind the wheel.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
It's tragic.

[SPEAKER_06]
You know, it's, it's in addition, you know, in addition to those, so there's poison from
Uh, possibly spike protein or mRNA products or these lipid nanoparticles, they do cross blood brain barriers.
So they probably get in the brain, probably get like micro strokes or something.
And so again, that can account for people behaving strangely, not being quite there, personality changes.
So all of this is just horrible.

[SPEAKER_04]
It's awful.
I'm going to read a statement that I saw at the bottom here from Nancy fancy one, not a question, but a comment.
Sasha, please be careful.
Some people after providing us information are arrested.
I just thought I'd read that statement.
Thank you for your concern.
Nancy, fancy one.

[SPEAKER_06]
Everything I present here is in public documents.
I don't have anything secret.

[SPEAKER_04]
That's right.
That's right.
It's public.
We're public.
This is another from one Louis D. Sasha, can we still support you on Substack or is the payment processor blocking you?

[SPEAKER_06]
Uh, well, you can, uh, but just make sure that when you do that, that they didn't like undo it.
So I've had a bunch of issues because subsec only has stripe as a processor.
And I've also published on this.
I have very, uh, you know, I have these anomalies.
It's almost like a voting anomaly.
So I have these like chunks of.
paid subscribers taking out while my overall subscribers are growing consistently at the same rate.
So this is just like, you know, I'm a data person, I know how it should look.
And so I think they do manipulate the, and I try to get in touch with Substack and with Stripe and they blame the banks, the card issuers.
So I just advise people, if you are subscribed to me and if you are paid subscribers, every now and then check that you still are because they just make these decisions for you.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
Uh, I have a question like I, I encounter people who are jabbed, who have had like boosters and they're like, I'm fine.
Nothing's happened to me.
And I, they don't have all the craziness that I see in other people.
Is there a placebo that was sent out or they just got lucky or what's, what about the people that seem to be perfectly fine and are all jabbed up?

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, a lot of people seem to be fine.
And I think, and I hope that they will continue staying that way.
I think they did get lucky.
I don't think that they were placebo.
So I'm aware of thousands of direct vial tests by many, many people.
all kinds of countries and nobody found a true placebo.
So if nobody found a true placebo, they were not there.
Now they may have been blanks with like whatever the vehicle they were using.
Actually, I don't really know what it is.
We found a lot of vials just had like metal contaminants and
all sorts of other problems, but maybe didn't have mRNA.
Maybe didn't have the DNA plasmids.
Maybe they were over-diluted.
I don't know.
There's a lot of variability that went into it, including the manual preparation of doses, which affected quite a bit.
I suspect a lot of the product was intentionally made blank.
so that they don't have this mass casualty.

[SPEAKER_04]
Not everybody drops at the same time.

[SPEAKER_06]
Right.
So they wanted to, and even Craig Brady Cooper at some point did this estimate.
I don't know if it helped through over time, but at the time, like maybe a year and a half into it.
He made estimate and he said, it looks like they're keeping the casualty rate like under 5% because that's the 95% confidence interval so that they can always pretend it's statistically not significant.
And so I think that's how they try to optimize it.

[SPEAKER_04]
But the rest are coming with Bernie Sanders 100, or whatever the number was, moonshot.
10 billion.
The $10 billion moonshot for the long coat, because they're going to keep blaming COVID as people keep dropping.

[SPEAKER_06]
Uh-huh, yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
And they're going to have to change.

[SPEAKER_06]
And because you did the dishes in the dishwasher today, or made you a bed, and that's why you have a heart attack.

[SPEAKER_04]
So what's the next big event, Sasha?
What do you predict?
What's the next thing?
Is there going to be an election or something's going to happen before then?
How are they going to get us next?

[SPEAKER_06]
I think they're gearing up to before the election and they're trying to, like right now they're fear mongering with this avian flu.
which is total nonsense.
And I also published it.
So like, read on my substrate, I have two part articles, and this is in part two.
It's called How to Fake Pandemics.
And this is about in 2011, they were doing the same thing.
They published this Dutch researcher, Ron Fuscher.
Yeah, he's still in Erasmus Medical Center.
So he published a fake story, fake paper saying that he developed a lethal and spreadable avian flu virus in the lab.
And this was like a huge media blitz.
Oh my God, you know, avian flu.
And then a few months later, and then he went on insisting on this, even though when like a bunch of journalists were doing journalism at the time,
asking him like, you know, your data doesn't really demonstrate it.
You know, what's, you know, found a whole bunch of holes in his story.
He was insisting on it.
His university Erasmus was putting out press releases, supporting him and saying, oh my God, this can infect humans.
This is just human transmissible and ready to create pandemic.
They went on for a few months like this and then switched off.
So after enough press picked it up and enough papers cited him,
So once it got cemented into science,
They said, oh, well, no, that was a mistake.
And then he went on to the microbiology conference in the US and said, I didn't really infect the animals.
And so they basically like walked it back.
And they said, no, that was just a misunderstanding.
We never said that.
But now all the citations and science and news stories are already published, right?
So this was in 2001.
Now they're coming back again with the same story.

[SPEAKER_04]
It's back.
Yeah.
That was, that was like shortly after the financial crash, they, they hit us with the avian flu and it's, it's back.
Sasha, this has been such a treat.
I can't believe we've been at it for 45 minutes.
So thank you for being so generous with your time and for coming back and sharing all of your insight and warning us.
I'm going to go on the stick, stiff cocktail after this.

[SPEAKER_06]
Oh yeah, I need a drink.

[SPEAKER_04]
I need a drink after all this.
And as we know, we can find you on your sub-stack.
Janet's going to put it in the chat and go read some really, and actually your artwork is beautiful.
And I'm going to go focus on your artwork for a while.

[SPEAKER_06]
Maybe I'll do some tomorrow.
I'm doing more watercolors now.
I got like a little bit of carpal tunnel and also no time.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
Well, good.
Keep putting out, keep cranking out the art.
It's very therapeutic and good for the soul.

[SPEAKER_06]
Thank you.
Thank you, Livia.
Thank you for inviting me.
It was a pleasure.

[SPEAKER_04]
Great.
Thank you so much, Sasha.
We'll see you again hopefully soon.
Don't go away, everyone.
I got a few announcements.
Wow, that was intense.
And it's a sign of things to come on VSRF Live because hang in there because I'll show you, I'll share next week's guest.
We're gonna keep diving into the rabbit hole over here.
But now I'm gonna say this again.
This is an important request for our support for VSRF Live.
Please support VSRF today.
VSRF Live depends solely on public donations to bring you this weekly show and needs your financial support.
Even better, please consider donating to VSRF on a monthly basis.
Your contributions are tax deductible and vital to sustain our efforts each week.
We cannot do what we do without your help.
And here is another amazing donor spotlight.
Let me call this up here.
This is the part of the show where we highlight our donation heroes here at VSRF.
And we are so pleased to introduce you to a wonderful new supporter who recently reached out to us with a generous donation.
MF is a San Diego native who recently moved to Florida to begin a new life with more like-minded people.
She will always miss her home in California.
but is ready to rebuild new relationships with fellow Floridians also dedicated to preserving medical freedom.
So please join us in saying thank you to MF from Florida for her incredible generosity and support, what an inspiration and best wishes in your new home state.
Thank you.
So for the rest of our audience, willing to contribute tonight, you can make a direct donation by simply texting VSRF to 53-555.
Again, our goal for tonight for each show down the road is $5,000.
And please remember, no donation is too small.
Together, we can preserve health freedom for generations to come.
Thank you for your support.
And if you can't, that's okay too.
I'm cool with that.
I'm glad you're here joining the conversation.
Other ways to contribute.
Let me see if I can get this up handily for a second.
Well, turtles all the way down the book that Steve absolutely loves.
I know we push it every week.
So I'm going to do it one more time here.
And here it is coming up.
go to Amazon and get the audio version of Turtles all the way down.
Vaccine, science, and myth.
And if you have not read it yet, please order the audiobook.
10% of the proceeds go to VSRF.
Another way to donate is through our, of course, our
Our store and we have all your great gear there.
We're getting new gear coming in really soon, maybe by next week.
So keep checking back.
If you don't see anything you like, there'll be something new and exciting in the future.
So, uh, there's many ways to contribute and we hope you continue to do so.
Uh, one more announcement.
No Twitter space tonight.
So you can go.
and relax from the information that Sasha provided tonight and then get ready for next Thursday.
We're going to continue going down the rabbit hole.
April 18th, we welcome Canadian independent journalist Dan Dix of Press for Truth for a mind-bending journey down the rabbit hole.
If you know Dan Dix's work, you'll want to be here for our conversation with him.
Join us for a wild ride as we delve into the mysteries surrounding 9-11 UFOs and all things highly strange.
So don't miss out on this captivating discussion on VSRF.
Live next Thursday, we look forward to seeing you there.
And we're going to end tonight with a clip from next week's guests.
Dan, Dan Dix of press for truth.
Thank you for being with us tonight.
We appreciate your support.
Have a great weekend and we'll see you all next week.
Have a good night.
I got to find my, uh, I lost my closing video, so I will get it up here shortly.
Now that I've promised it, you're going to want to see it.
Here it comes.
All right.
Have a great night.

[SPEAKER_03]
This is Dan Dix here reporting for Press for Truth, and today I'm going to show you the truth about this pandemic agreement that they don't want you to see.
And when I say they, I of course am talking about all the top experts who have been brought into Davos for the World Economic Forum, where they're going to be discussing this new hypothetical disease X and how to prepare for it.
And what better way to get the party started than by inviting a shaman.
to ward off evil spirits by spitting on the foreheads of the attendees.

[SPEAKER_00]
Am I the only one who had this going through my mind while watching this?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, thankfully there were some who are willing to call out evil when they see it, but are they getting it right?
Check out this AI version of the President of Argentina have a millier speech where it translates it into English.
It creates all the proper mouth movements and it even gives him an accent with his own voice to boot.
Check it out.

[SPEAKER_01]
Good afternoon.
Thank you very much.
Today, I am present to inform you that the Western world is facing a significant threat.
It is in danger because those who are supposed to defend the values of the Western world are co-opted by a worldview that inevitably leads to socialism, and consequently to poverty and economic deprivation.

[SPEAKER_03]
His speech appears to challenge the system, but in reality, it does nothing of the sort.
I agree with David Ike, who says here, I heard that Miele's speech at the WEF champions freedom, so I listened.
It doesn't.
It seeks to move power and control from governments to corporations, if you listen carefully, and that's what's happening anyway.
What he doesn't say is that governments and corporations are owned by the same global cult.
So either way, the same cabal is in control.
He goes on here to say, he talks about capitalism, but what he is describing in truth is cartelism.
It's barely one-dimensional.
It's the playground.
You challenge white and black and black with white, while the cult sits there laughing in the shades of gray, controlling both.
And he's certainly not wrong.
President Mule's words are a step in the right direction, but there's a long way to go from there.
Check out this guy who managed to slip this speech in there somehow.

[SPEAKER_08]
The kind of person, and I'll be candid here because I think I've been invited here to be candid, the kind of person who will come into the next conservative administration is going to be governed by one principle.
And that is destroying the grasp that political elites and unelected technocrats have over the average person.
And if I may, I will be candid and say that the agenda that every single member of the administration needs to have is to compile a list of everything that's ever been proposed at the World Economic Forum and object all of them wholesale.
Anyone not prepared to do that and take away this power of the unelected bureaucrats and give it back to the American people is unprepared to be part of the next conservative administration.

[SPEAKER_03]
Wow, he's definitely right about that.
But the part that he's missing is that the system isn't broken here.
The system is fixed and the next administration to come in is going to amount to a selection, not an election.
A lot of mainstream media articles right now are asking the question, what is disease X and how is the world preparing for it?
or you've got the associated press here with how to stay healthy during cold flu and COVID season.
But guess what?
Wearing a paper mask outside during the wintertime all by yourself while trying to drink a coffee is not the right way to go.
Listen now to the Director General of the World Health Organization who says that COVID was the first disease X.
There's gonna be more to come.
And what we need as a solution to this is a global collective pandemic agreement.

[SPEAKER_07]
Although COVID came immediately, we were preparing for COVID-like diseases.
You may even call COVID as the first disease X.
and it may happen again.
The pandemic agreement can bring all the experience, all the challenges that we have faced and all the solutions into one.

[SPEAKER_03]
So there you have it in plain English.
According to them, global problems are going to require global solutions and the pandemic agreement is that solution.
But here at Press for Truth, I'm prepared for what's coming, and I hope that you are as well.
Say no to their global inoculation program.
Say no to their digital ID surveillance state.
And say no to their future selected leader who's just gonna march us further into this tyranny state lock, stock, and barrel.
Now is the time, my friends, to embrace a self-sustainable lifestyle that is not reliant on the government, not reliant on the banks, and not even reliant on the grocery stores.
That's how you prepare for disease X, my friends.
Just become the one thing that the government fears the most.
A truly independent, sovereign individual who is capable of surviving all on his own outside of the system.
We do that, and we win.
