[SPEAKER_05]
Alright, I did memorize this but I'm going to probably be reading because I've literally never done this before.
I wrote a music track as well and I hope that it plays.
I really appreciate the sound guys for making this happen.
Kudos to my sister for inspiring a lot of the words and thank you guys for being here and for just being alive.
I don't know what else to say.
Maestro!

[SPEAKER_04]
MC rap feel free to clap or move or snap whatever you want self-appointed tyrants want you kneeling on the ground rules and fines and prison time if you don't get
to this awesome crowd.
Acronymic gimmicks FDA and CDC.
Web says you'll own nothing and that you'll be happy.
Causation is causation even without correlation.
Not buying the delusion and I don't need a citation.
Trust the tyrants trust the science meaningless expression.
Science isn't science if you can't ask any questions.
Leaders are not leaders.
I introduce myself, a member of this team, a rebel with my cause, and a girl with many dreams, packing up the truth like a Lugy.
And we ain't seen nothing yet As they try to push us with their ideology And abuse newly developing technology Harari believes that there is no free will Choose today, choose every day, choose not to be a shill Invasion with persuasion, no permission with request Inborn consent, not what I meant Tabjab, it's your behest You'll likely never know exactly what it is you've done And also know exactly now how is we won So introduce yourself
of the double X nation.
A double X and X Y hack into intuition.
Thanks for showing us the face you hide behind the mirror.
Perhaps we needed tyrants to remind us why we're here.
One last verse for this righteous alliance.
A standard double X, a girl who really loves science.
Remember Queen Tristine once said an act of noncompliance.
Let your mere existence be an act of pure defiance.

[SPEAKER_06]
Tonight on VSRF Live, we'll be having a critical discussion about the emergence of the controversial S.A.R.N.A.
vaccines about to be unleashed on the world with molecular biology expert Dr. Jessica Rose.

[SPEAKER_05]
Will we get answers to these questions prior to the injection rollouts of the self-amplifying RNA products?
Do the self-amplifying RNAs contain self-cleaving motifs that enable them to cleave themselves during replication?
Does the segmented poly A tail result in longer duration?
Is the risk of recombination of endogenous RNAs going to be assessed?
This is the most important point.
because these alpha viruses upon which this RDRP is based on, they can transmit between different mammal species.
So there's a possibility.
We don't know.
That's why we have to ask and check of these things recombining and wreaking havoc in an environmentally widely distributed ways.

[SPEAKER_06]
Good evening, everyone, and welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm your host, Livio Sanchez, and tonight we're diving into two incredibly important and timely discussions, both of which could have massive implications for global health.
First, I want to give a special shout out to those of you who came up to say hello at the Back to Basics Conference in Boston last weekend.
It's always great to meet people who watch the show in person and it was a terrific conference.
We plan to have many of those speakers in person in future episodes here on BSRF Live.
But tonight, we'll be covering one of the most pressing medical topics on everyone's mind right now, self-amplifying mRNA vaccines or SARNA.
This new technology, which Japan is supposed to begin rolling out this month, is being described as a Frankenstein shot or even a medical doomsday machine.
But what exactly is SARNA and how does it differ from the mRNA vaccines we've already seen?
We'll break it all down with molecular biology expert Dr. Jessica Rose, who will help us understand the science behind this new and highly controversial technology.
While proponents argue that SARNA could create stronger immune responses and use lower doses of mRNA, critics warn that the risk could be exponentially greater than what we've seen so far.
There is also fear that the self-replicating nature of SARNA could spread to those who haven't taken the vaccine, affecting the unvaccinated as well.
It's a heavy and complex topic, and there's no one better than Dr. Rose to help us bring clarity to this conversation.
But that's not all.
We'll also be hearing from Adrian McCray, a council member from Port Hedland in Western Australia, who recently led a successful motion to call for the immediate suspension of Pfizer and Moderna mRNA vaccines in his town after seeing a shocking rise in deaths.
His council voted five to two to support this motion, and he's here to tell us what's been happening in Port Hedland, why they took this bold stance, and what it could mean for Australia moving forward.
But before we dive in, actually, I wanna bring on VSRF founder, Steve Kirsch.
Steve, welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you doing this evening?
I'm good.
We're going to do something special next week while you're here before we get rolling even further.
We're going to do a donors only pre-show.
Let me get this up on the screen here.
on Tuesday, this coming Tuesday, October 29th, where you'll be presenting the case fatality rate analysis of COVID-19 vaccine recipients in your very own Santa Clara County.
And so we're going to do this Tuesday night.
We're going to pre-record it.
We're going to keep an eye out for the email this weekend with a link to the Zoom webinar where we'll be broadcasting the analysis.
Steve will also be asking questions from the audience, so it's going to be an interactive and insightful session.
If you haven't donated yet but would like to attend,
It's easy.
Just visit our donation page at vacsafety.org slash donate to give what you can and be added to the list.
Donations must be received by midnight Eastern time on Saturday, October 26 to qualify for access to this exclusive event.
How much do I donate?
And you know, I don't know what the minimum is, but you know, whatever you can, I'd like to encourage whatever you can, whatever you'd spend on a Starbucks maybe or do that right now.
But if you've donated in the past, if you're a subscriber or if you become a new subscriber, you will get an invite and we're capping it at about, I don't know what the number is.
So we're gonna do this and then we'll run the episode later on on Halloween.
but if you wanna be part of this exclusive pre-record and you can actually ask Steve Kirsch questions directly and he will answer them on Tuesday night.
So get your donations in and be part of this really great episode as you talk about your local community, Steve, Santa Clara, which as we know, they're supposed to bring it up on an agenda in a future meeting.
Maybe the next one, have you heard?
Are they gonna actually?

[SPEAKER_09]
No, I don't wanna do that.
Santa Clara County.
There's only one board of supervisors in the entire United States where there is a supervisor who's willing to challenge the health authorities.
Sue Frost in Sacramento.
That's the only one.
That's the only one we know about.
If anybody know, look, if anybody knows about another board of supervisors anywhere in the United States, I'm looking at the comments now.
So if you know of an honest Board of Supervisors member who'd be willing to bring up something that challenges the health authorities, why don't you just like reply in the comments.
And I'm watching right now and I'm seeing nothing.

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, let's see, maybe some people will drop a little note for you in the comments.
Now, there's been a little victory in your neck of the woods in San Francisco.
Did you hear about the BART, the Bay Area Rapid Transit workers?
A million bucks each.
Let me play a little news clip because I actually reported it in the local news up there.
Here it is.

[SPEAKER_00]
An update to a story you've been following, a lawsuit filed by BART workers who lost their jobs over a COVID vaccine mandate.
A federal jury has sided with the fired workers.
There are six of them total in the lawsuit and each will receive more than a million dollars.
The workers argued BART did not accommodate the religious vaccine exemptions.
BART has not commented on yesterday's decision.

[SPEAKER_06]
Of course they haven't commented on the decision yet.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, it should be like we're thrilled that justice was served.
They should serve as a, wouldn't it be great?
Like for the first time in our lives that they would say, you know, the jury was right.
Justice has been served.
They should serve as a message to other employers who try to do shit like this.
Wouldn't it be great if they issued a statement like that?
I mean, that would make my day, I would make my life

[SPEAKER_06]
It would be amazing.

[SPEAKER_09]
If that happened.

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, there's still the ongoing issue in New York, contrary to some people finding in the news, it's actually old news, that they were allowed to go back to work.
But I wonder what precedent this will set for other cases across the country where employees of state or local government services were let go because of this.
I mean, could this be a domino effect?

[SPEAKER_09]
I hope so.
That that way it never happens again.
I hope it happens soon.

[SPEAKER_06]
I hope it happens soon because you know they're plotting the next one.
And it's so evil.

[SPEAKER_09]
And then worse people, worse people.

[SPEAKER_06]
We're going to get into this new technology, but before I do that, I want to encourage you to participate in the discussion by dropping your questions in the chat.
Please write your questions in all caps so we can find them easily.
If you want to ensure that your question gets answered, you can donate through Rumble Rants to move your question to the front of the queue.
Your support not only helps us prioritize your questions, but also keeps this platform running, allowing us to continue delivering the content you care about.
And now, without further ado, I wanna bring on our guest, our special guest, Dr. Jessica Rose.
Jessica, welcome to VSRF Live.
Thank you for being here.

[SPEAKER_05]
Hey, how's it going?

[SPEAKER_06]
It's going good.
For those that still don't know who you are, I'm gonna read your bio and then I'll let you and Steve take it away for a little bit.
Jessica is a Canadian senior fellow specializing in health and immunology.
She holds a bachelor's degree in applied mathematics and a master's degree in immunology from Memorial University of Newfoundland, along with a PhD in computational biology from Barr Ilan University.
Dr. Rose has also completed two postdoctoral fellowships, one in molecular biology at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem and another in biochemistry at the Technion Institute of Technology.
She is widely regarded or recognized for her work in public health,
particularly her in-depth analysis of pharmacovigilance databases such as VAERS and her contributions to understanding the safety of COVID-19 vaccines.
And what's not in there is that you are now also a rapper, a writer-rapper performer, as we saw at the top of the show, which was fantastic work.
So thank you again for being here, Jessica.
I'm a huge fan and I'm going to step away, remember?
put your questions in the chat.
And then we'll also, Jessica is going to bring on Adrian when he comes into the program.
So take it away, Steve.

[SPEAKER_09]
Hey, so maybe we can talk about negotiating the the rights to your songs.
So is this going to this is like your second career and your first career as a rapper.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, as a musician, I was a musician before I was anything else, I think.

[SPEAKER_09]
Really?
Wow.
Tell me more about that, briefly.

[SPEAKER_05]
When I was, oh gosh, my late teens, I bought my first bass guitar, electric bass guitar.
It was a Fender Precision 1950s reissue.
I'm left-handed, but they didn't have any left-handed basses, so I bought a right-handed bass and I learned to play like this.

[SPEAKER_04]
Wow.

[SPEAKER_05]
I basically just learned every single No Means No song.
That's a Canadian punk rock band.
Yeah.
And then I bought a drum kit and I got pretty good on the drums.
And then I played keyboards in a couple of bands.

[SPEAKER_09]
So you could be your own band.
Have you thought about actually doing a mix where it's you on all of the... Have you done that?

[SPEAKER_05]
I was about to, in my musical pathway, I actually bought a loop pedal and I was going to start performing.
That allows you to kind of like loop through with different instruments all at once.
But I think that's what I do now, if I do anything.
I'm an electronic artist, I suppose you'd call me.
I play all the instruments, but it's basically the electronic version.
So it's more selecting the instrument from a panel and then just coming up with the melody and the chorus and everything.
Yeah, it's fun.
It's like math.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.
So your day job, though, is looking at all this stuff about vaccines.
And before we get into the self-amplifying vaccines, I wanted to ask you about the current COVID vaccine, because I have this bet coming up for half a million dollars.
So I'm putting half a million dollars on the line.
I got one guy in the entire world to take me on on this bet.
And the bet is whether the COVID vaccines have saved more people than they've killed from the very beginning to January 1st of 2023.
So essentially the two years a rollout of the vaccines did it.
save more lives than it cost?
Was it a wash or did it kill more people than it saved?
And my money is on the kill more people than it saved and SARS money is on the reverse.
So I'm curious as to where you come down on that because I've been actually pretty surprised.
I've been asking people
their opinions and, and a lot of people say they don't know.
And that kind of makes sense because most people don't look at the data and they haven't spent their, their, you know, they don't, their day job isn't looking at data all day long, like what I do.
And so what to me is second nature is to other people, just a mystery, but just because they're not exposed to it.
But you, um,
You're kind of like me and that you're spending a lot of time, a lot of hours of your day looking at data.
What do you find?
How would you answer that question?
If I asked you, would you take a side on that bet and which side would you take and why?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, I would.
But I might surprise you with what I'm gonna say.
So I would say that the shots have definitely done more harm than good.
Yeah, because, you know, we know that it has a negative effect on the immune system from many points of view.
But here's the thing about it.
You know how there was this thing going around where the COVID shot saved 20 million lives?
That was the thing, right?
And I'm like, where did that come from?
Because there's no evidence to support that.
There's no papers.
There's no peer-reviewed publications.
There's no studies.

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, there are, there were worse some.
There are modeling.
It was all based on modeling.

[SPEAKER_05]
Exactly.
That's what I was about to say.
They're just extrapolations from models.
And so it's like, is there, is there ever going to be a way to really answer that question, like in a hardcore way?
Like, how would you ever know if you got the shots if it saved you from from worse symptoms and or
let's just say death from the SARS virus.
You could never measure that.
The only thing you might be able to measure is if it's had a detrimental effect on you, you might be able to, you know, put some kind of, you know, causal evidence behind, you know, that the timing, you know, your
your symptoms themselves like based on your previous health status, your age, you know what I mean?
So it's like,
I don't know if there's ever going to be a real way to solid evidence.
Really?
There is.
Yeah.
All right.
Let's let's hear it.

[SPEAKER_09]
I've been thinking about this for a while.

[SPEAKER_05]
So I mean, the shot saved.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, no, no, no, no.
But see, that's that's where that's that's where when when you spend all your day thinking about this because you have half a million dollars on the line, you
you tend to come up with innovative solutions because you're correct that it's hard to predict.
Well, what would have happened?
How do we know that the vaccine wasn't super successful?
How do we know that the cases shouldn't have been skyrocketing?
And the fact that they're only the same as they were before is just due to the success of the vaccine.
How could you possibly know that?
And so the answer to that question
is that there are basically two possibilities here.
So the two most important metrics with regards to did it have an impact are does it prevent infection?
Yes or no.

[SPEAKER_03]
No.

[SPEAKER_09]
And if it doesn't prevent infection, does it reduce the case fatality rate or the infection fatality rate?
And if the answer to either one of those is yes, then you could say that there was a benefit.
If the answer to both of those is no, you would have to say that there is no benefit.
And as far as I can determine, there is no benefit of these vaccines in terms of reducing the number of infections.
And from the nursing home data that was collected by Medicare that's been in public, that was published since the very beginning, it shows that the case fatality rate didn't change after the vaccines rolled out.
Now, if the case fatality rate doesn't change after the vaccines rolled out and it's the same variant and the case fatality rate doesn't go down, the vaccines did nothing.
And so you basically have a situation where the vaccines couldn't have prevented cases because the infection happens outside your body.
I mean, people think that the lungs are inside of you, but the lungs are actually on the outside of you.
And what happens for infections in your mucosa is IgA is what is gonna go and try to stop those infections and also the T cells.
But the T cells haven't been trained to attack this virus because the virus, the vaccine injected something into you.
So you're not going to be training or sort of pre-exposing the outside of your body to this.
You've only exposed the inside.
So you won't stop the infection from happening.
And in fact, that there was a paper published in the New England Journal of Medicine
that showed that if you're vaccinated, you tend to maintain and spread the virus for longer than if you were unvaccinated.
That's a huge problem.
So that's fundamentally my argument.
So does that make sense to you?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yes, it does.
But just to add on to what you said, the intramuscular injection actually undermines the best route and the fastest route to immunity.
The natural immunity path does involve the mucosal system because you're inhaling this stuff.
And yeah, it's a faster pathway to natural immunity.
And of course, if you're talking at the population level to herd immunity, but yeah.
But yeah, no, you're right.
You make sense.
Write it up, man.

[SPEAKER_09]
Oh, yeah.
Well, I'm doing that right now because it's a written debate.
So we have to write up the arguments.
So I have got I've got essentially four arguments to say that it doesn't work.
So those were the first two or I think I have three to start with.
And then I have three confirmers.

[SPEAKER_05]
You should also add the fact that there are
peer reviewed articles that, and there's also some data, I can give it to you if you don't have it, that show negative efficacy, or efficacy, however you want to say that word.
So yeah, it's actually, it's not just not having a beneficial effect immunologically, it's having a detrimental effect.
So yeah, I'm writing my own article now on another hypothesis as to why
That's happening.
It's pretty scary.

[SPEAKER_09]
So stay tuned for that Yeah, so Anyway, let let so let's flip over to the self-amplifying Vaccines now these things were where were they actually?
invented and created and why are there why is japan the first
country to deploy these and how do these things ever get past the regulators in terms of oh yeah yeah this is perfectly safe is it the regulators today or just anything that you label a vaccine is automatically safe and effective no matter how many people it kills in the
in the trials and in the phase one studies and so forth.
It's almost like it's so ridiculous what's going on.
How did these things get approved?
Do you know what the stats were that they used to approve this for rollout to the Japanese population?

[SPEAKER_05]
No, and I don't really know the answer to your question, but I would assume it has to do with this piggybacking off of the previous approvals because
I suppose what they would say is that this isn't different enough.
from the conventional products, even though they absolutely are.
And everywhere that I've looked has said that, oh, well, the safety and efficacy studies show that there's nothing to worry about here.
So I don't know exactly how these things got approved, but I also don't know how the other stuff got approved, quite frankly, based on what you can find out pretty easily from doing minimal
digging into the literature.
Why Japan?
I think that has to do with one of the companies associated.
But as far as I know, one of the main designers is actually in Vancouver, Canada.
I actually interviewed with her a couple of years ago.
Her lab is developing the self-amplifying technology and really, really ahead of the game.
So why not Canada?
Why Japan?
I don't know.
I don't have the best answer, but in fact, it has been rolled out.
These products have been rolled out in Japan as of October 1st.
into the elderly community.
Of course, they're going for the old people first.
But the good news is that the demand has been, or the acceptance, let's say, has been quite low.
So they're not really selling like hotcakes, let's put it that way.

[SPEAKER_09]
Is the demand like in the single digit percentages, or what's the...?

[SPEAKER_05]
I would say, if that.
I don't think anybody wants them, and I'm hoping that it had something to do with the fact that we were there recently.
By we, I mean the international crisis summit crowd.
It's a bunch of us that you know quite well.
who basically were given an opportunity to speak to some parliamentarians and also in a public space to whomever wanted to come listen about the real dangers associated with these things.
How big was your audience?
It was a packed auditorium.
It was, I would guess,
It's in the hundreds.
I mean, we're not talking about thousands.
So it was it was a smallish auditorium, like a theater.

[SPEAKER_09]
But in terms of lawmakers, how many lawmakers were actually there?

[SPEAKER_05]
Not very many.
There were there were only a couple, but.
That's the point because like once once this gets out to the media like the biggest Roar that we made was at the rally.
So we did a public rally on the third day and there were Wow, I mean, I've never seen that many people in my whole life in one place.
Well a massive like tens of thousands of people it was incredible and like What purpose?
There were events happening at once that were all focused on challenging government on certain things, but
I took a lot of pictures of the audience and they had specific references to us and to what we were doing.
So there were a lot of people there that were there for this purpose, for the purpose of challenging not just these newfangled products, but the whole thing, like imposing these ridiculous mandates on the public for no reason.
And we did the march after the rally throughout
downtown Tokyo.
And yeah, it was it was it was a lot of people, like more people than I've seen.
So I, I think in addition to the crowd that's already aware of the problems that we've all been facing for the past four years, we probably gave them a little bit more like, you know, oompa loompa to, to fight back because
There's something to be said for seeing people, you know, up on a stage yelling the same things that you've been thinking for a long time.
You know what I mean?
Who come from other parts of the world.
You know, most people didn't really understand us.
We had a translator on the stage, but it was very powerful.
I mean, I'm hoping we made a difference.
But in terms of like the difference between
what they're actually penning as the conventional modified mRNA products and these self-amplifying things, we should really talk about that.
So does your audience actually know the mechanism of action of these so-called conventional modified mRNA products?

[SPEAKER_09]
So let's not assume that.
So if you want to do a quick summary of that and then talk about the difference between self-amplifying and also get into the
even though it may be single digit take rate, it may not matter because the damage may already be done in terms of how this spreads to other people.
And before you do that, I would love to get your take on the DNA contamination issue because Kevin McKernan was, I think, the first one to bring this up.
And there haven't been any health authorities worldwide that are taking this thing seriously.
They're just saying that, oh, don't worry.
It can't hurt you because we haven't had any evidence that it does because we haven't done any tests to find out whether it's meaningful or not.
Is there any progress on that?
Because this came out many months ago and I haven't been keeping track of if there are any updates in terms of any studies that are done to find out whether this level of DNA contamination is significant or not.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yes, but let's circle back to that when we bring Adrian on because he's going to talk all about that, right?
And it's specifically on the subject matter of this gaining momentum in the public sphere.
So, yeah.

[SPEAKER_09]
But what's the short story?

[SPEAKER_05]
The short story is there is DNA in the vials, all of the vials that have been tested.
And this has been reproduced in at least four different labs around the world.

[SPEAKER_09]
Correct.
But the question is, is it significant?
Is it hazardous to your health?
And how do we know?

[SPEAKER_05]
How do we know?
I can say this definitively because one of the types of DNA that was discovered by sequencing by Kevin McKernan is called an SV40 enhancer.
And this is absolutely a functional aspect of gene technology, gene therapy.
It's used as a nuclear localization sequence, which basically means it traffics
plasmids and other molecules to the nucleus of cells.
It's actually a functional tool and it was discovered in the vial.
So it has no place being there.
It wasn't disclosed as one of the components in the Pfizer disclosed plasmid as per their plasmid map.

[SPEAKER_09]
And- Well, it wasn't labeled.

[SPEAKER_05]
It wasn't labeled or disclosed.
Well, it was disclosed.
He says it was hidden.
He says they would actually have had to have taken that thing out.

[SPEAKER_09]
Right, right, right.
But if you ran the whole sequence, you would have found that it was there.
Of course.
It's just that they erased the labeling of it as the SV-40.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, which is highly, highly suspicious, to say the least.

[SPEAKER_09]
Like, why would you erase it?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, there's a lot of regulators, including Health Canada have come out and acknowledged
The presence, they've confirmed and acknowledged the presence of this particular type of DNA.
However, and this is what Adrian's gonna talk about, they're undermining the relevance of the presence of this particular type of DNA.
There's other types too, or bits of DNA.
They're saying that there isn't enough to worry about.
And it's like, no, no, no.
There's no smallest amount of this type of DNA that you can have.
Its presence alone is suspicious, as you just pointed out.
It doesn't need to be there, and it's functional.
And one of the regulators in Health Canada actually has documented, we have this FOIA-requested email as stating publicly, or not publicly, to the FDA that it's not functional, which is an
It's a false statement.
You cannot make that statement because it is functional as what it is as an enhancer.

[SPEAKER_09]
It has to be combined with there's another piece of it that has to be combined with it.
And there's a statement that, well, you know, the other part of that, right, is in order to actually activate it.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, no, they're talking about the large T antigen, I think, is what you're saying.
But this is part of what I'm writing up now that's horribly scary, that's linked to this SV40 enhancer.
Not only that, but it apparently binds B53 too.
It has all sorts of things associated with it that can cause a number of problems and basically it all leads to cancer.
of the DNA fragments, pun intended.

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, yeah, but there's no, people haven't done a study that actually shows, okay, now, now let me show you how this is going to impact people in a negative way.
Like, I'm not aware of anything that's come out where people have
uh, been able to say, uh, Hey, here's, here's the, the, what this is, this has created the turbo cancers, or this is added to the turbo cancers, right?
Is there any kind of thing where you can actually do it as a cause and effect of the SV 40 origin is, um,

[SPEAKER_05]
We're working on that, and by we, I mean Kevin and a bunch of other people.
They're sampling tumors and looking for stuff, so that's their ball game, though.
I don't want to impinge on their territory, and I don't know enough about it yet.
The answers are coming.
You know how it is.
It's like not only are we being told that all of this is misinformation, it's really hard to get your hands on samples.
It's hard to get IRBs if you don't have, it's hard to do all this stuff without having consequences, you know what I mean?

[SPEAKER_04]
I'm sorry, but it's true.

[SPEAKER_05]
In the beginning, you remember they were threatening people's lives who are even thinking about sequencing the vials.
That's why it didn't happen for so long.
So it's, yeah, yeah, it's, it's, it's a risky business.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, I mean, and to turn your back on this, like the SV 40 promoter sequence doesn't have to be there.
There's no reason it should be there.
The regulators out of an out of out of caution should be saying, get this out of here and reformulate this and they're doing nothing.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, we don't know that.
It's possible that the Canadians have done that because you remember that they called for the destruction of all the XBB vials, right?
Did you hear about that in Canada?
federal government to destroy all the recently disseminated XBB vials.
And a bunch of us are thinking, well, maybe they're trying to destroy the evidence, quote unquote, because there's a new product that's coming out as of November.
And it's possible that they did mitigate this problem.
We don't know.
We won't know unless we get our hands on those vials and sequence them, wink, wink.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, and I think they're probably Afraid of oh if if they change it then that will be an admission of guilt That that it shouldn't have been there and therefore it may be better if if they don't change it So I guess we'll we'll see Yeah, they're probably trying to You know cover their ass probably yeah, cuz you know what in some of these emails

[SPEAKER_05]
that Noe Chartier and Matt Horwood and Scoops Magoo have gotten their hands on, it becomes pretty clear that not everyone's evil.
Like, there are people within the EMA, European Medicines Agency, Health Canada, and the FDA who are like, what the F, you know, not to be rude, but they're like,
You know what, shouldn't we have, you know, they're having that kind of reaction.
So the shyness of the whole thing, you know, it's like, you're not going to find what you're not looking for.
And if you're working with one of these organizations, you probably kind of believe in them yourself.
So it's kind of hard to believe.
as a member of one of these organizations that your colleagues are so bloody corrupt.
Correct.
Some of them are.

[SPEAKER_09]
Correct.

[SPEAKER_05]
And it only takes one rotten apple, right?

[SPEAKER_09]
That's right.
And I recently wrote on a post on X. I said, look, I've been to the CDC and I've talked to these people personally and you cannot get them.
to actually take a serious look at the data if taking that look is going to go against what they've been told.
So it's like a fluoride in drinking water.
I went to the head of the museum there and I said, you know, if you actually look at fluoride in drinking water, you'll find it's very unambiguous that fluoride in drinking water was a huge, it's hugely detrimental to health.
And, and it makes no sense.
If you want to do fluoride for teeth, you could put it in and spit it out, but do not drink it.
It's like, it's insane to drink it.
And she just refused to even look at any of the data.
She said, no, I'm not going to talk to you anymore.
You know, fluoride was a big success.
It shows it.
There's a big exhibit in the CDC museum.
It shows how, what a wonderful accomplishment the CDC did by adding fluoride to drinking water.
And they will not have it.
They will not consider the possibility that they could be wrong about that.
And that's just one small example where it's crystal clear.
And you can't get them to re-examine it.

[SPEAKER_05]
It's like a religion more than a science.
You can't go against the doctrine.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.
Yep.
Okay.
So let's talk about the self amplifying vaccines.
And first, you were you wanted to describe how the normal vaccines work.
And then you wanted to introduce your cat.
You wanted to
talk about how the these self amplifying vaccines are different.

[SPEAKER_05]
So yeah, he always has to join.
He's such a loyal guy.
It's like, pretty late here and he's still awake.
So the conventional modified mRNA injectable products, okay, so there's the Pfizer and the Moderna.
You know, they're slightly different.
They have their own proprietary shapewriters.
And these things are
effectively the same in that they're both wrapped in lipid nanoparticles, which are highly toxic.
They're composed of four different lipids.
One of them is a catonic lipid, for which I can find no safety data sheet that doesn't say, do not use these in animals or humans.
And these things are encapsulating what's supposed to be only modified mRNA.
And this mRNA is the messenger RNA
which is the coding template for the spike protein.
And it's modified in that all of the uridines, which is one of the four bases, are substituted out for N1 methyl pseudo-uridines.
And they did this with great intention because this basically makes these modified mRNAs hard for the
what we call the innate immune system to detect them.
And what that translates into is longer lasting mRNAs so that you can technically have, you know, with a more durable template, you have more final protein production.
So if you've been following this story, there have been a number of papers that have been published
showing multiple problems with these products.
And these are nature publications.
If they're going to argue with this, they can't argue with that, right?
Including frame shifting problems, which basically means instead of the spike protein being produced, you're having off target with unknown function proteins being produced.
We don't know which cells that's happening in or in which people.
We have toxicity with the lipids, like I said.
We have potential amyloidogenic peptides, which are shorter sections of this spike protein being translated that have amyloidogenic properties, which basically means that they create these really, really impossible to break down proteins.
And it's possible that in addition to
problems with clotting that we're seeing in people that these amyloids are adding fuel to that fire and creating, we know it's also published in literature that the clots associated with SARS spike are much denser and bigger than clots associated with flu, for example.
So there's all these problems associated with these shots that
that probably go back to manufacturing issues and bad design in the first place in terms of these lipid nanoparticles as carriers, because in my opinion, they're not really safe.
Yeah, they're called compendial standards that haven't been addressed.
And so, yeah, in a nutshell, the coating material,
forces your your own cells to make foreign proteins and Technically that's supposed to induce an immune response Which is going to help you fight, you know the the virus if you meet it in real life as a challenge But I never really understood how it was gonna work because every single cell that is introduced with this foreign
mRNA to produce foreign proteins is targeted for destruction by the immune system.
So if you have like a cluster of cells that are, you know, producing these spike proteins, these foreign proteins marking themselves for destruction, you're going to have like a local site of massive destruction and inflammation and all this other stuff.
So I never really saw this as being
successful design.

[SPEAKER_09]
So it's a good way to create autoimmunity, isn't it?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, that too.
I mean, you're having Yeah, there's a number of mechanisms I can think of that that would induce autoimmunity.
One of them is molecular mimicry.
So it's there's also a whole bunch of publications, everything that I say is in the peer reviewed literature.
So
you can potentially have the production of these little peptides, which are shorter fragments of proteins that are homologously identical, which just means that they have the same sequence of amino acids as a human protein, somewhere located in the human body.
And therefore, if your body makes antibodies,
you know, produced by the B cells against this foreign protein peptide or, you know, antigenic site, then it's, there's no reason why that antibody wouldn't go to the identical site on the human protein and bind that, and that will induce an autoimmune reaction.
So, you know, this is happening out the yin-yang.
I mean, VAERS is showing
hundreds of different types of autoimmune conditions coming back to life in people who already have them, who have them under control and also getting new ones.
So yeah, it's terrible that there's this laundry list of problems unresolved with the platform, the concept, the spike as a protein of choice.
I mean, any foreign protein
that's being produced by the body is going to induce this negative reaction.
But this particular one, the spike protein is terrible.
I mean, we don't have to get into the fact that it was synthesized in a lab, but yeah, it's just riddled with problems.

[SPEAKER_09]
So...
So self-amplifying vaccines, what happens there?

[SPEAKER_05]
This is different, completely different in that
There's another type of virus, RNA virus called an alpha virus.
And they come with these, some of them come with these brilliant properties where they can self-replicate.
They have their own photocopying system of their RNA.
So it's like viruses basically only have one desire, if they have a desire and that's to survive.
They want to replicate.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, right.
But viruses can't replicate on their own.
They need a host.

[SPEAKER_05]
They're parasitic.
So yeah, they need they generally like to take over host cell machinery to do a lot of their dirty work.
But these guys, they do have this it's called RNA dependent RNA polymerase.
And so this this particular gene and use them with the property to make this RDRP
enzyme that can allow for the constant production of their their coding material.
So what they've done these brilliant people in Vancouver.
Oh, am I still here?

[SPEAKER_09]
You're still there?

[SPEAKER_05]
Oh, I seem to have froze out there I am.
So they've taken the the alpha virus genome.
This is the concept.
Okay.
And one of the alpha viruses, I think they some kind of
Equine Here, just let me check.
I do actually know the type of virus that they used So they use Venezuelan equine encephalitis virus or the semlichy forest virus.
I don't know what that is anyway, so they use these these alpha viruses genomes and
And what they do is the genome has this RDRP gene and these other non-structural protein things, these other components at the beginning.
And then they have the subgenomic stuff that the virus needs to create itself, like envelope-proofed glycoproteins and all that crap.
So what they did is they took out the subgenomic components and they substituted in the spike gene.
So this is basically an alpha virus construct with all the building material taken out for the alpha virus and the spike protein gene inserted.
So what you have then, oh, and then they wrap this up in the lipid nanoparticle.
So basically what you're doing is you're creating a self-replicating or amplifying
situation which is wrapped in lipid nanoparticles.
So let me take you through it.
So you were correct when you said that their claim to fame that these things are better is that you need a much lower amount injected in the beginning because this thing amplifies its own mRNA once it gets inside the cell.
And that's correct.
However,
We don't know if these things have an off switch.
And the byproduct of injecting even 0.1 micrograms, which is the dose, is a lot more spike protein in the end.
And the reason for that, if you saw my little presentation I gave recently at the National Citizens' Inquiry, this RDRP enzyme, you know, it mass produces photocopies the coding material
We don't know for how long, so you have massive amounts of mRNA, which is subsequently taken to ribosomes and translated into protein, the spike protein, or whatever is encoded on this template.
So you end up having, instead of, say, theoretical one-to-one mRNA spike protein situation, as you did with conventional, you have one to who knows how many.
Thousands million who knows a lot so you end up with a lot more first of all the load on the cell Metabolically must be so extensive that this the cell couldn't possibly survive this I think I think it probably destroys the cell for a number of reasons Metabolic expense being one, but you end up having far more spike protein produced and presented on the cell so

[SPEAKER_09]
But there's no off switch right it basically burns you out.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah it'll destroy the cell so I guess since the fate of the cell is death anyway because it's marking itself for destruction by the CTOs.
It doesn't matter, right?
The bottom line is these guys want your cells to make, uh, as much spike protein as possible.

[SPEAKER_09]
So, but there's also that's nonsensical for an upper limit, you know, at least with the mRNA shots, there was a limit to how long, you know, how long it would last before it disintegrates.

[SPEAKER_05]
So the biggest problem or the scariest problem.

[SPEAKER_09]
Let me ask you first a clarification.
So with the mRNA of vaccines, when you deliver, you've got some payloads that you want to deliver to the ribosome to go and make the surface protein.
So is it that you're only getting a fraction and that fraction of the injection, you're getting a fraction of the injection that turns into
surface proteins, expressing spike protein.
And so what you don't know is you don't know what that fraction is, but you're only getting a fraction that convert, basically.
Is that correct?

[SPEAKER_05]
I think if I understood what you said, can I share my screen here?

[SPEAKER_09]
Is that an option?
Yeah, of course.

[SPEAKER_05]
I don't have to.
It's just I think that I have a slide that might answer.
Oh my gosh, there's so many windows.
It's terrible.
Anyway, never mind.
It doesn't matter.
It'll take too much kerfuffling.

[SPEAKER_09]
I can simplify my question, which is you're given a certain number of nanoparticles.
Some of those things turn into and do damage.
Others basically don't get and deliver their payload.
You're always looking at a fraction of what's injected.
So with these self-amplifying things, it's no longer a fraction of what's injected.
because they can amplify without having to go through the cell machinery.
And so they can basically, it's like, if you thought the mRNA vaccines were bad, this is like this problem on steroids.
And so the question I have is you were working with the researcher who created this.
Why did they come up with this?
Like, why was this supposed to be

[SPEAKER_05]
Or you worked at or you know, no, no, no, we have nothing to do with each other.
I was asked to come on a podcast with her by other people.

[SPEAKER_09]
I see.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_05]
We're we're like the angel and the devil on the shoulders as far as the devil.

[SPEAKER_09]
Is she trying to kill people or what?

[SPEAKER_05]
No, no, no.
I shouldn't say it like that.
Because I honestly think that she like I was her.
a little while ago.
I was completely, you know, romantically passionate about my science world.
I wanted to work for the WHO.
I believed in the CDC.
And I didn't really have a vision of how my work could ever be abused, let's put it that way.
So I think that's the case with a lot of people who do brilliant lab work.
So
You know i i was the goal what was her goal in creating this something it was she believes in it i think she believes that she's helping people honestly okay.
But but it begs the question like she's very smart and she has a lot of smart people working for her and a shit ton of money quite frankly and it's impossible for me as as a nobody to believe that you know if I can conceive of these.
basic problems with this.
How is it that they're not?
Because when I tell you about recombination possibilities, you're going to be like, well, they must have considered that as a possible danger, right?
So how have they mitigated that problem?
And the answer would obviously be they haven't.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yes.
Well, so somebody asked it in the comments, which I think is a really good question, is when did you wake up to all of this?
Right.
Because you're saying that how can these people not realize?

[SPEAKER_05]
I've been awake since birth, baby.

[SPEAKER_09]
No, no, come on.
But did like, did you know that the COVID vaccines were dangerous before they, you know, as soon as they rolled out and you said there's no possible way I'm going to be taking this stuff?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_09]
What flipped you over to, you know, from the typical vaccines are good to figuring out, oh, shit, they've been lying to us.
Like, when did that switch flip for you?

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, the first thing was observation of the just what they were doing.
It had nothing to do with the
the mechanics of these new products, because I didn't learn that till after.
So, within two weeks of where I was living, it became really, really apparent that there was... How do I put this?
The things that the humans were doing to the humans were far scarier than any virus would ever be to me.
Let me put it that way, okay?

[SPEAKER_09]
So are you saying you got red-pilled on the COVID vaccine or you got red-pilled on a vaccine before the COVID vaccine?

[SPEAKER_05]
No, no, it was it all started with the convent thing.
Like I'm vaccinated out the yin yang.
If I traveled, you know, as a young woman, I would be, you know, at the doctor's office.
I'm like, I'm traveling to this place.
I hear there's yellow fever, inject me up.
I actually got like a bunch of vaccines at once when I was traveling.
It put me on my ass for for a week.
I mean I was I was foolish about it You didn't connect it.

[SPEAKER_09]
You didn't connect the dots That's exactly it you thought that means it's working right?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, well, that's that's what you were told so it's like well I must be sick because my body is reacting to the antigens and this is good a little bit about it back then but it's like I

[SPEAKER_09]
So what was your wake up moment?

[SPEAKER_05]
When did you figure out this systemic control thing?
Like when they started using mantras, when they started saying there's only one way out.
I mean, that's that's bullshit.
I'm sorry to use the language, but
Okay, so it's never the way to defeat a respiratory pathogen by injecting every single person across all demographics During a so-called pen.
It was the stupidest thing I ever heard.
I'm like these people don't know what they're talking about There's an agenda here.
There's something else going on and then you go outside if you were allowed to go outside
and you couldn't go more than a hundred meters from your house, and you just had to stand six feet away from people, and you weren't allowed to go into a restaurant without, the whole thing was ridiculous.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, but you could take your mask off when you sat down to eat.

[SPEAKER_05]
We never wore a mask.
I wasn't allowed to eat in restaurants for two years either, so.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.
Okay.
So, but basically it was the COVID vaccine that flipped you from believing that vaccines are safe and effective to your now more quote controversial position.

[SPEAKER_05]
I won't ever get an injection called a vaccine again in my life.
I don't think that I'll need it.
I mean, I'm healthy as a horse.
You know, I know a lot more about how to keep this particular body healthy than I did 10 years ago.
I know more generally what it takes to stay healthy, like sunlight is a must.
Unfortunately for the people who don't have a lot of sunlight.
Good diet, exercise, good water, you know, good state of mind.
Stay away from pharmaceuticals if you can.

[SPEAKER_09]
Stay away from hospitals if you can.

[SPEAKER_05]
Oh, yeah.
If you want to go to die.
I shouldn't say that, but it's like I've been terrified of hospitals my entire life because I was actually quite sicky when I was young because I used to eat stuff off the street.
And so I used to get these stomach parasites.
So I'm definitely afraid of hospitals as it is.
And now after hearing about these protocols, yeah, I wouldn't go near one unless I really had to.
I still believe in Western medicine, don't get me wrong.
Like if my arm's broken, I'm gonna go get it healed.
But yeah, as far as the doctor's advice as to viruses, I think I'll rely on my own information, thanks.

[SPEAKER_06]
Okay, so I wanted to step in.
You mentioned you worked with one of the creators of the S.A.R.N.A.
injection.
I have a clip from someone named Yi Zhang talking about inventing this thing.
Let me play it for you guys.
See what you think.
This is from a podcast or some webinar that she did.

[SPEAKER_01]
First of all, congratulate you and thank you for the work you've done in bringing the world its first self-amplifying RNA vaccine, right?
It was just approved in Japan.
I know you guys are working across the globe, right?
EMA is also considering it.
We're working on a therapeutic in the FDA.
But I'd really like to get a sense of what you've learned so far in your regulatory journey, working with this new advanced next-gen version of RNA.
So what has been your biggest learning in approving your COVID vaccine that you feel is going to be really helpful for you, your company, and also for the rest of the world as we're all working to approve future candidates in the vaccines and the therapeutic space?

[SPEAKER_03]
So this is a great question to kick off the panel discussion.
So one significant learning for us is the importance of the clear communication and the collaboration with regulators.
So engage with regulators early on and also transparently regarding the unique characteristics of self-amplified RNA type knowledge
and our development program have been the essential for the success.
So, as you know, we have the next generation COVID-19 vaccine.
And then the Japan NDA and the EMA MAA submission occurred around the
second quarter and third quarter last year.
And that was when WHO declared the pandemic phase of COVID-19 was over.
So associated with that announcement, there's some changes in the expedited pandemic regulatory pathway as well.
So working closely with PMDA helped us to leverage the
expedited pandemic regulatory pathway right before it was not applicable to COVID-19 vaccine in Japan.
So helped us secure six months review timeline.
We started our submission in late April and get approved at the end of November.
Our experience with self-amplifier
approval in Japan and also experience with EMA emphasize the importance of proactively addressing regulatory concerns and also keeping up with regulatory landscape and the guidelines to facilitate the review and approval for the future RNA vaccines and also therapeutics.

[SPEAKER_06]
So is that normal for them to be working with the regulators early on like this to expedite?
That seems unethical to me.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, she's reading too.
Yeah, I don't know who that is.
But yeah, that seems real sketch to me.

[SPEAKER_09]
I don't know if the regulators have a have an interest in doing something and collaboration with the process where the regulators say,
Yeah, I mean, they're, that should be okay if if it's really if they're completely nutrient, you know, they're they're not aligned here, but they're the problem is their interests are aligned, they want this thing to happen.
And so when they want something to happen, then it's like the it's not a fair system anymore, because they should be completely impartial as to whether it happens or not.
Yeah.
Because once they become advocates for something, then pushing it along allows them to also look the other way, which is exactly what happened with these COVID vaccines.
So in theory, it could be a good thing, right?
Because you can facilitate drugs to market that could be beneficial.

[SPEAKER_05]
But if they're not beneficial,
But not with newfangled versions of gene therapies that are still being called vaccines.

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, if there are lacks on the safety requirements, right?
The FDA basically looked the other way when lots of these red flags came up.
These guys would completely look the other way when that happened.
And Manny Daguerre is a perfect example of that because I brought Manny Daguerre's case
to Janet Woodcock's attention, and she wasn't aware of it beforehand.
She promised to investigate.
She kept her word.
She sent off an email to Peter Marks and she said, Hey, look into this and let me know what's going on.
So Marks sends off an email to the drug company and the drug company comes back and says, Yeah, it happened, but we didn't think it was related to the vaccine.
So Marks just repeats that back to Janet Woodcock and Woodcock and says, Oh,
Okay, well, we investigated and wasn't in a line with a, you know, how there's this lack of I said this, like a critical thinking sales.

[SPEAKER_05]
I mean, there's there's a lack of like human connection thing going on.
It's like, you know, if that was your daughter, like maybe you you wouldn't be pulling out these half assed excuses for
you know, covering up something that's clearly happening before our eyes.
But I guess, can I say one more thing about the self-amplifying thing that's probably the most important?
So there's a thing called recombination that can happen.
That's probably the thing that scares me the most.
I mean, when you look up the potential issues, why does this keep coming up?
the potential issues with self-amplifying RNA, it says, yeah, okay, well, if you already have an alpha virus infection, then the products can be rendered less potent.
You can have problems with increased viral load because of some of the mechanisms of actions of the products.
But the scariest thing, and this is one of the questions I asked a parliament that I was trying to get them to,
to ask and get an answer on before putting these things into the public or into the environment is what of recombination?
Let's say that you have an alpha virus, ongoing infection.
That means that these guys are inside some of your cells and replicating, right?
So they're using your cell's machinery.
They're replicating their genetic material.
Let's say they have this RDRP gene, if there's a certain kind.
And then you get injected with this self-amplifying RNA crap with the spike gene.
What if one of those lipid nanoparticles or a bunch of lipid nanoparticles, because you're still injecting a shit ton, right?
What if those make it to some of the cells that have ongoing replication of this alpha virus, the wild one?
What can happen is that the RNA material
of these two entities, the wild virus and the self-amplifying product, can recombine.
And what that effectively means is that there's a possibility that this alpha virus can become imbued with some of the properties of this self-amplifying crop, which if it has the spike gene, it's not out of the realm of possibility that it will take that up and acquire this property.
We know that bacteria and viruses are geniuses at doing this.
Bacteria share plasmids all the time with antibiotic resistance genes so that they can become resistant to different...
They're sharing and they're talking and they're communicating.
Their viruses technically aren't alive, but they're still intelligent.
Like I said, they have one function.
They wanna survive.
They want to keep going and they have
brilliant mechanisms that they've been evolving with us and other mammal species and entities and plants and everything to ensure their survival.
And what's even scarier is that these alpha viruses can infect all sorts of different creatures, mammals.
So if you're starting to think about this in terms of what we already know about the conventional products
with with shedding because I know this, some people are probably wondering about this.
You can start kind of getting a little bit worried about the fact that if there is a recombination event, and I'm just saying if
I'm saying this should have been explored ahead of time and I haven't seen any studies that have explored this.
Maybe they exist and I just haven't seen them.
So what if this gets into the environment?
What if this is a new horrid version of an alpha virus that we ended up creating because we were careless
and didn't use the precautionary principle yet again, because we didn't in the first round with these so-called conventional modified mRNA products, and we're not doing it now.
And I don't think a single person should have been injected with this crap because we don't have those questions answered yet.
And this could have serious repercussions, like environmentally.
So I really wanted to throw that in
and get that kind of, you know, those gears rolling around in people's heads because it could be something that never happens, but the thing is it could happen, like hypothetically.
And so these are exactly the kinds of questions like when we're tinkering with genes and gene therapies, because these are gene therapies delivered in a very efficient package, these lipid nanoparticles,
you have to answer like these serious questions before administering them to large amounts of people.
We've done that already, but I mean, this is, again, this is something that has a lot of the problems that the modified mRNA products had, but with next level potential problems.
So yeah, that's basically what I wanted to impart

[SPEAKER_09]
So like, do you think this is the beginning of the end here?
I mean, as a, uh, these people get this and it spreads it, it recombines and we've just unleashed the.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, I don't know because like, I think we're already dealing with the current disaster.
Like the, I don't think that we've, we've seen the end of the damages of the modified mRNA products because as you know, in other words, what?

[SPEAKER_09]
We haven't hit bottom yet.

[SPEAKER_05]
No, I don't think so, because a lot of the adverse events, like a lot of autoimmune conditions or cancers are only rearing their ugly heads now because, you know, maybe you were really, really healthy before, and maybe you only had like one or two shots.
I don't know, like every single person, every single situation is different.
But according to VAERS, the rate of
reporting of cancers is on the rise.
And that's normalized to, you know, the total number of adverse events reported and that's, that's kind of like striking because the, you know, the administration rates have been going down.
So that, that, that's pretty indicative.
I mean, I don't think that's only a reporting thing, right?
I think that's an incidence thing.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_05]
Depressing.
But there's hope.
There's always hope.
I don't want to get everyone down.

[SPEAKER_06]
I've been trying to get Adrian on.
He's having some technical issues and he keeps bouncing in and out because I'd love to get him on.
But in the meantime, let me ask a couple of audience questions that pertain to what you're talking about.
We've got one from GreenT369 and April PrairieBots and they ask, how do you keep or how do we keep ourselves safe from shedding?

[SPEAKER_05]
You can't.
I mean, it's like,

[SPEAKER_09]
You could sequester yourself in your house and never go outside, right?

[SPEAKER_05]
Oh, yeah, you could do that, right like, you know, I Would just give you mom's advice from like ages ago like if there's
If you go to work every day and there's like a bunch of people you're around and you know that somebody's sick, just stay away from them.
Like that's what you always did, right?
Like if somebody's sneezing and coughing, you just stay away from them and then like bitch slap them and tell them to go home because they shouldn't be at work anyway if they're sick.
But yeah, it's, you know, we can't live like that.
We can't start being like, oh, well, I'm gonna get shed on by the,
We have to be sensible.
We have to, even though we lost our common sense in the last four years, we have to kind of take it back and retain it.
If you're worried and somebody you know, let's just say somebody you live with, well, I don't know how to deal with that, but if somebody you know got another shot recently,
And you're worried about it.
Just, I don't know, keep your distance from them for a bit.
It's not advice, but it's more about how comfortable you feel.
I personally don't care.
Everyone's gonna go someday and if this is a problem then it's not something that I'm gonna change my lifestyle to avoid.
I mean I'm pretty much a loner anyway so it's okay for me.

[SPEAKER_09]
But if you've got a self-amplifying vaccine and there's no time limit.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, we kind of need to stop that from getting into the general public, but that's what I I Think this the signs from Japan are very good I mean people they don't They don't see a need like why the hell would you need a different version of a shot that didn't work in the first place against an obsolete?

[SPEAKER_09]
Virus like why well, it's like flu shots, you know flu shot.
Yeah, you know, I looked at this stats for flu shots and
And do you know that the number of infections for flu shots in the United States of America in a flu season?
They could be 40 million people who have the flu.
Guess how many people got COVID in 2020?
Roughly around 40 million people.
So what's interesting is that you...
So do you find this interesting that the flu shots have been around for 80 years?
And in 80 years, we are still having the flu at an incidence rate, which is the same as a novel virus.
What does that tell you about how effective the flu shot is?

[SPEAKER_05]
I'd start wondering if the flu shot wasn't giving people the flu.

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, I have a question.
The next question I have is actually from Vanderbilt2007.
Are the current 2024 flu vaccines based on the mRNA technology?
Do you know?

[SPEAKER_05]
That's a good question.

[SPEAKER_06]
I'm just surprised.

[SPEAKER_05]
I know one thing about those things, there's been, there was some kind of recall on them or pause on the, there was some kind of safety issue with them.
If I'm thinking of the same products that you're asking me about, I do know that the RSV products were based on the modified LNP thing.
You know, I think they probably were, but I don't want to say definitively because I don't know.
We can check that real quick online.

[SPEAKER_09]
I would think that they might combine them and put them all in the same vial and shoot you once, but not necessarily convert because converting would mean using a whole different technology and they'd have to go through an approval process.
It'd be really expensive.
I just think that they must be just giving you two for one so that they only have to shoot you up once.
And would that be like, how would they even do that?
They'd have to have a, they'd have to have it pre-mixed and then draw from the vial of pre-mixed, right?
Cause they wouldn't be drawing from one vial and then sticking the needle into the other vial.

[SPEAKER_05]
What about counter indications?
Like they haven't, they can't do that.
Can they?
I mean, I don't know.
I don't inject vaccines, but I can't imagine they can just like,
Or maybe, of course, they double dose.
They do that all the time.
Interesting.
Yeah, maybe.
We need a medical doctor.

[SPEAKER_06]
Question from, from zoomiest.
Are these self replicating mRNA vaccines cheaper to produce?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, well, well, naturally, because they, they're
They're using the same, actually, I'm gonna preface this with, I think that they're using the same manufacturing platform, like the synthesis is the same.
So, actually, I need to check on that because the modified mRNA uses the Plasmid E. coli system.
No, I don't know, I'm gonna have to check on that.
But it is cheaper than,
conventional vaccines, I think.

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, you have to have less material, right?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_09]
And it's significantly less material.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
And it's the plug and play LNP thing.
This was, I think, the entire reason why they did this whole COVID thing in the last four years to normalize this platform.
Because first of all, they won't have to go through the regulatory hoopla
in order for things to be okay for market, because it's like, ah, we already tested this, it's fine.
You just swap out the gene, right?
And also it's cheaper, so.
Yep.

[SPEAKER_06]
This next question is from Emerson BT.
What is the marketing message by those who advocate for SARNA shots?
For what conditions?

[SPEAKER_05]
lower dose, more antigen production.
That's the so-called sparkly factor.

[SPEAKER_06]
And so I know you've talked about it, but several people are still asking, what does self-amplifying mean?

[SPEAKER_05]
It means that it comes with a gene that can photocopy the mRNA template.
So basically, instead of having one mRNA template introduced in the lipid nanoparticle, let's say, that would result in, I don't know, one to however many proteins, one to a thousand proteins, you have one copy that can be reproduced.
So you have basically an endless supply of the template that can be used for subsequent translation into spike protein.

[SPEAKER_06]
And that's why they say you need a smaller dosage, but that doesn't make sense.
I was actually talking to Kevin McKernan last weekend about this.
It doesn't matter because they self-amplify.
So they replicate and they'll just grow more.
So the smaller dosage doesn't make sense.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
And actually I'd love to just throw one more thing in here that I've been talking about endlessly.
We don't have any concept of dose.
This 30 micrograms for Pfizer, the 100 micrograms for Moderna, and the 0.1 micrograms for the self-amplifying RNA is pretty much meaningless because we have no idea how many cells, which cells, where these lipid nanoparticles end up
End up, you know, we have some idea.
We have some idea from bio-distribution data, but we don't know how many lipid nanoparticles actually dump effectively their genetic material that they're carrying into the cell for translation.
And when I say we, I mean, nobody knows.
It's the bottleneck, the endosomal release like of the genetic material.
We don't know enough about that to be able to ascertain
what a dose actually is.

[SPEAKER_09]
It varies dramatically in different people.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yes, absolutely, but between cells, between people, between like there's no predictability here.
That 30 microgram injection could end up being completely different amounts of spike protein in two different people.

[SPEAKER_09]
That's correct.
Absolutely.

[SPEAKER_05]
And that's probably why we're seeing variation in adverse event profiles.
I mean, among other things, but when you think about it, that makes a lot of sense.

[SPEAKER_09]
So let me ask you real quickly.
We looked at the Czech Republic data.
We found that Moderna had a 30% higher age standardized mortality rate than Pfizer.
Is that consistent with
things you're aware of.
It's certainly consistent with the fact that the Moderna vaccine has three times the active ingredient than the Pfizer vaccine.
And Pfizer tried a higher dose originally for their vaccine and they backed off of it due to all sorts of adverse event.
The adverse event profile was too high.
So they went with a third of the original dose and Moderna didn't

[SPEAKER_05]
Sorry, I was trying to see, oh, there's Adrian.
I was just seeing if he was getting on.
I missed the first part of the question.
It's about the check data.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, the check data showed the 30% higher mortality for Moderna.
Is that something that you think is consistent with the things that you know about Moderna, that it would be higher just because it's three times the dose?

[SPEAKER_05]
I think it depends on the adverse event you're talking about, to be honest with you.
I think that the- Oh, this was death.

[SPEAKER_09]
This was the ultimate adverse event.

[SPEAKER_05]
Oh, death, okay.

[SPEAKER_09]
Mortality.

[SPEAKER_05]
Perhaps.
I think it depends which pharmacovigilance database you're looking at.

[SPEAKER_09]
Oh, this was the Czech Republic record level.

[SPEAKER_05]
So if, you know, if I was going to say, is it comparable to VAERS or whatever?

[SPEAKER_09]
It's better than VAERS.
It's everything.
Yeah.
Adrian dropped off again, I guess.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, he's having trouble staying locked in and having trouble with the sound.
So Adrian, if you can hear us and try speaking, maybe we'll see, we can test your microphone.
While we wait for that,
I've got a rumble rant question for Dr. Rose.
Thank you from Black Dingo.
Thank you for that.
Dr. Rose, are you familiar with Sasha Latapova's claim that the manufacturing of mRNA shots is inconsistent and considering that the self-amplifying vaccines aren't anything to be concerned about?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, I think that's bullshit.
That's all I'm going to say about that.
I don't think she understands the mechanism of action here.
I think that the claim that there's nothing to worry about here or that it's hysteria to be concerned about these products is... No, I think you're saying that the manufacturing is unreliable for the current mRNA vaccines.
Oh, it certainly is.
That's absolutely why the DNA contamination is a problem, which is a perfect segue into Adrian right now, if you would show up.
So the reason, yeah, no, that's absolutely true.
I mean, that's what I was saying with the compendial standards.
good manufacturing practices have not been undertaken in this case, in the modified mRNA case, which is why we're seeing.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, and there was a clear bait and switch between what they got approved and given in the trials versus what was actually manufactured and distributed to people.
It's like, yeah, yeah, yeah, we tested this thing, and it was really hard to manufacture it like that.
And so now we're giving people this new formulation

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, it wasn't hard to manufacture as much as it was expensive.
This is cutting costs, don't forget.
They needed an upscaling methodology that was going to relieve them of time and money.
So that's why they're exploiting the plasma E. coli system, because all you need is some sucrose and some carbon dioxide and some overnight, and you have tons and tons and tons and tons and tons of DNA.
in which you use to use in an in vitro transcription reaction to get your modified mRNA in this case.

[SPEAKER_09]
So you can inject them into people and kill them.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, yeah, I don't know if that was their intent.
They certainly didn't do a good cleanup job at the end because, I mean, this is another thing, like my hypothesis as to why this DNA managed to get packaged into the LNPs is because they hybridized with the mRNAs.
This happens in nature and
I mean, the DNA is one, which is the enzyme they use to chew up the DNA in order to filter it out so that they have a clean modified mRNA product.
It wasn't effective.
And they test this stuff.
Like they use HPLC or whatever it is that they use to determine whether or not there's a so-called acceptable level of DNA, residual DNA in the product.
And if it's under some threshold, then they say, yeah, okay, it's fine.
But here's the thing about that and I'm kind of stepping on Adrian's toes here.
Those levels, those acceptance criterion as established by the MA and the WHO and all these three letter organizations for acceptable residual DNA levels are based on naked DNA.
which is much more degradable.
It's not based on lipid nanoparticle encapsulated DNA, which is like a far more efficient delivery system of genetic material.
So they needed to, and they know this, they needed to have adjusted those acceptance criteria and standards to what would be like factors
Preble like log factors lower than what they are now So the fact that we're finding DNA levels above those already too high acceptance criteria off alarm bells Major major because you know if we reduce those by I don't know how many fold Kevin would give you a better estimate and
you'd still be looking at a concern.
And it's like I said before, circling back to this SV40 thing, because it has a functional role, it's used in gene therapy as tool.
Like now, look up David Dean's work.
Any amount is scary.
You know, even a few fragments could mess up someone's cell.
So it's like, it's,
It's horrific that this is being undermined.
We're going back to the modified, the conventional product that the question was asked about.
So it's like all of these, the mental gymnastics that we're having to go through to decode how the hell it was possible for any of this to happen is happening again with these new
fangled self-amplifying products.
I mean, and, and they've, they've, they've bypassed so many of the safety standards and the good manufacturing practice issues that we had with the other stuff again.
And why wouldn't they, they got away with it.
That's how I see it.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.
Do we want to talk, uh, Olivia, do we want to talk to, uh, about Adrian's stuff or do you want to, should we wait?

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, I don't know if he's gonna make it back on.
I've just been informed that he tried again, and if that didn't work, he may call it a night.
He was trying for the last half hour, but I don't see him backstage now, so I don't know that he's gonna make it back on.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, so Jessica, you rule.
Someone just spent $20 to get that to our attention.
I don't know if you can see that in the comments, but it says Jessica rules.

[SPEAKER_05]
There you go.
Adrian said he's been trying to get on, but I think maybe he might be, it's possible he's using the link that I sent instead of the link that you sent.
So maybe he's going to try one more time.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, hopefully if he could try the guest link, the alternate link I sent, and I've been told he's been trying all the links, including other people's, but something's not hooking up.
I do have a good question from DG Mick that says, is there an insert included with these self-amplifying vaccines, including test and safety data that has been included?

[SPEAKER_05]
You mean a patient insert?
What do you mean?

[SPEAKER_06]
Like in the product, does the insert come with any sort of data or information about?
any safety testing?

[SPEAKER_05]
I wouldn't be able to answer you properly because I haven't seen it either way.
Um, but what I've read is that, you know, it's the same mantra.
It's like, yes, it's safe and effective.
And all of the data indicates that there's no problem.
You know, it's, it's this word salad crap that's meant to appease anybody who might be asking.
So yeah, I, as for product insert, I don't know.
I haven't seen it yet.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah doubtful and and the way in that clip we saw from Yi Zhang that They're working with the regulars to expedite seems to me like they're also just trying to cheat that safety testing process as well just faster no Olivia you have such a
I know.

[SPEAKER_05]
You're so negative.

[SPEAKER_09]
I'm making things up here.

[SPEAKER_06]
So negative and skeptical.
I would never use anything like that.
They would never do that.

[SPEAKER_05]
I'm so excited about this new technology.
Sorry, I shouldn't make fun.

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, yeah, she was so excited.
What I love about the video when you look at it on... We are so excited about this new technology that...
They block the comments.
Nobody can comment on those videos.
No, because they know that people are going to ask questions about it that they can't answer.
So I always find that interesting when they lock the comments do not allow you to ask everything about what they're saying, doesn't it?
every single thing.
I can play a quick short clip that I was gonna play before Adrian came on, just to share with the audience what he was gonna talk about.
So let me just play that real quick.
I don't know that we're gonna get him back, but here's- He's trying still.

[SPEAKER_05]
Do we have any suggestions as to what he can try?
He said- He was on the floor.

[SPEAKER_09]
I don't know.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, I saw him before.
He said he could hear everyone, but the audio and camera wouldn't
let him unmute and he said, it's painful.

[SPEAKER_06]
It might be that his computer or phone, he needs to grant access to the app.

[SPEAKER_05]
Let me just tell him.
Livio says that you might have to get your device to grant access to the microphone and or camera, which actually is what my Mac asked me to do.
We're working here, don't be in pain.

[SPEAKER_06]
We're still talking.
I'm going to play a little clip, hopefully he'll come on, but here's Adrian talking.

[SPEAKER_07]
I have to travel now to Russia, to Moscow.
to actually say things that if I dared say back in my own country in Australia it would risk serious persecution and in many cases even potential arrest and jail time.
We're starting to see hundreds of private citizens, not just journalists, but private citizens being arrested across the UK and not just the UK, but also the persecution starting to happen also in Australia.
For people doing such simple things as making a post on Facebook that oppose a government narrative
supports a rally where people want to go out and demand their right to bodily autonomy when the government is trying to force an experimental injection on them as a response to a so-called pandemic.

[SPEAKER_06]
Jessica, can you help us understand what's your connection to Adrian and what kind of work is he doing right now?

[SPEAKER_05]
I met him at a brownstone retreat in Spain.
I think it was in the spring.
It was one of these classic, uh, Jess introductions where I literally screamed out.
You pulled a rocky was, um, Kat Lindley, uh, and, uh, and my friend Maria were, were, you know, they were a friend of his and they said, Oh, we have to save a chair for Adrian.
And I literally just took that as my cue to make a, an ass of myself.
And yeah, he sat down next to me and then I found out that he was a horse vet in the past and knew a lot about medicine and had this very interesting resume.

[SPEAKER_06]
Did you say a horse vet?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yes, a veterinary guy for horses.
I think he was dentistry for horses, if I recall.

[SPEAKER_06]
He must also be well versed with the horse paste, also known as ivermectin.

[SPEAKER_05]
Probably.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So yeah, I guess he sounds frustrated and I feel bad.
I asked him if there's anything, maybe we could send him a fresh link.

[SPEAKER_09]
Is he doing it on his phone and his laptop or is he doing it in one way?

[SPEAKER_05]
He's using, but he didn't answer.
Uh, I'll ask again.

[SPEAKER_06]
Um, I'm going to try to email him one more time, uh, a link and see if, uh, he said he did everything I suggested.
So yeah, we're going to have to call it a day here.
Yeah.
I think we're out of, out of luck.
We'll try to maybe get them back in the, in another future episode and see if we can test it in advance.

[SPEAKER_05]
But just to summarize what he was going to say, uh, he's a port headland
council member and Port Hedland is a small town in Western Australia.
And he recently brought a motion to the table to basically just bring forth the DNA contamination story with the help of MP Russell Broadbent.
He's an MP in Australia.
And, you know, it was evidencing the contamination in Australian vials by a Canadian researcher.
And the motion passed five to two.
So there's seven council members.
The mayor said no, including one other person, but five council members said yes.
And basically that meant that hundreds of additional councils were going to have access to this information so that they at least knew that this was a thing.
Over 500 actually, right?
Yeah, 537.
So at least people would have access to the information.
That's transparency, because this data exists and it's good data.
And it's also, like I said, been reproduced in three other labs, at least.
Immediately, the TGA, which is the Therapeutic Goods Administration, which is the Health Canada of Australia or the FDA of Australia,
wrote a response and literally on their website labeled the three-part exhibit misinformation.
So we went, a number of us, journalists, doctors, lawyers have gone point by point across their rebuttal and basically debunked every single point, like one by one.
For example, the credibility of the labs,
not following good clinical, good manufacturing practices themselves.
Basically, what they said was, this isn't our lab, so it's not good enough.
They questioned cold chain, which wasn't an issue.
They said that the way that the DNA was being measured wasn't good enough, but they didn't read the report because if they had, they would have said that,
they would have noticed that David Speaker, who's the guy who did the testing, not only used their methodology, but added an mRNA degrading agent so that there wasn't a mixing up of signals, so that the actual data that he has is better than the data that they had when they measured DNA, et cetera, et cetera.
Adrian's kind of spearheading this entire thing.
And, you know, this is one of the things that he's done with his life.
So that's what he's going to speak on tonight and the current status of the situation, because it's literally hour by hour.
Like we're being very intrepid about, or requesting like data that they won't,
Redact, for example, like in terms of their protocols.
They're saying that they didn't reproduce our protocols perfectly, but they haven't shown their protocols.
They haven't revealed them.
So it's quite astounding.
It's like, you can't have your cake and eat it too.
You un-redact your methodologies and you let people follow them and prove that you're correct, that this isn't true, or we prove that it is.
There's Adrian again.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
And I saw him earlier on camera and now he's coming in.
I see his microphones on, but I can't hear him in his camera still.

[SPEAKER_09]
Did you get my screen share?
I was just sharing.
I don't know if you have to switch that.
Oh, no, no, you can switch it on.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
Let me switch it on a second.

[SPEAKER_05]
There he is.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yep.
Oh, let's, let's try it while I have them.
Let me see if I can get him into the room on the feed that he's on.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yes, but it's.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_05]
Now we see you and hear you.

[SPEAKER_07]
Can you hear us?
We're live.
I've got you.
Yeah, I can hear you finally.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yay.
All right.
Welcome.
Fantastic.
Welcome to VSRF Live, Adrian McCray.
I'll add your name in a second.
I want to quickly read your bio so that people know a little bit about you before we get into the conversation.
Adrian is a dedicated public servant and entrepreneur from Port Hedland, Western Australia, elected to the Port Hedland Town Council in March 2024.
Adrian brings a deep understanding of the local community, having lived and owned a business there for 15 years, coming from a fourth-generation farming and grazing family.
Adrian is passionate about addressing social issues both locally and globally.
He recently led a successful motion to call for the immediate suspension of Pfizer and Moderna mRNA vaccines in his town after seeing a shocking rise in deaths.
And his council voted five to two to support this motion.
And that is awesome.
Congratulations, Adrian.
And again, sorry for your technical issues, but I'm glad you're here.

[SPEAKER_07]
Oh, look, thank you.
Thank you so much for having me.
And look, pleasure to be here.
And good to see you again, Jess.
And good to see you again, Steve.

[SPEAKER_09]
Good to see you again.
15,000 people live in Port Headlands.
How were you able to swing this to get five of seven people to agree with you?
Did you have to work them one-on-one?
What led to this miracle?
We really want to know.
What you've accomplished is miraculous.
This has never happened before anywhere where you have a majority like that.
How did you orchestrate that?

[SPEAKER_07]
Great questions, Dave.
The town has got a history of being on the right side with this particular issue.
In 2022, we challenged, we were the first, I believe, anywhere in the world that we put a motion forward.
I wasn't on the council back then, I was actually sort of working in the community and we put a motion to the council to go with the community to
to challenge our premier, which is our equivalent of the US state governor, to challenge our premier in the Supreme Court over the validity of the mandates.
And we were the first town to get that up and over the line.
And it became national headline news in Australia back in May, sorry, April 2022.
Now, the state government intervened and made the council call another special meeting to revoke the earlier motion.
So we almost got to the point where we got to challenge the state government in the Supreme Court over the validity of the mandates.
And we knew that we sort of had the town on side back then.
Fast forward two years I was I was voted into into office there and there was a there was a you know I was I've been on council now for sort of seven or eight months and I just you know of course I've spoken to the guys they they know that I'm pretty well versed in this stuff I obviously you know I
I've been following and working alongside the likes of yourself, Steve, and others, some of the big names and the big voices in this space since the beginning of COVID.
But the motions we passed were specifically to ask questions of our state government.
And I guess as far as trying to get people over the line was,
If we filled the gallery, of course, the gallery filled up on the evening, and that always puts a little bit of pressure on the councils.
But at the same time, we were just asking questions pertaining to people's health.
And we really made the debate about if we can't ask questions of our federal and state governments over something that pertains to the health of our people, then what is our job really as councillors?
some of the people didn't necessarily agree with the whole idea of challenging the state government, but I think there was a bit of pressure from the community that came on and we had an ability to right the wrongs that happened in 2022 when they reversed our motion to challenge the state government in the Supreme Court.
So
Going back to what you said, it's only a small town of 15,000 people but the town is probably the most geostrategically important town on the entire continent of Australia because it's the biggest commodity export port on the planet and we contribute something like close to five percent of the entire nation's
government GDP or government, not so much GDP, but the revenue base for the entire national government and also I think it's close to like 10% of the state government's revenue.
So the town front is way above its weight with regard to, you know, to
what it does.
So of course, it's it's, you know, they call it the engine room of Australia, and it really is the engine room of Australia.
So it's, you know, it's sort of it scares the it scares the state and federal governments when a town like Port Hedland can do something like this.

[SPEAKER_09]
That's awesome.
So do you expect other towns to do the same thing and to join in with you and, you know, sort of lock arms and go in and ask them to be held accountable?
And it's not just you doing that.

[SPEAKER_07]
Look, it's a great question, Steve, and we've had so many emails and phone calls from not just myself, but the other councillors.
I've had so many emails and phone calls from councils all across Australia.
Part of our motion was to send our letters
to every council, every councilor and every mayor in the country all across Australia and there wouldn't be many councils in all of Australia that don't have support within the council.
Now how many of those councils will actually get our motions up and over the line is yet to be seen but we have sent very personalised letters to every single councillor now in the country
And look, I think for sure there's going to be other councils follow suit, absolutely there will be, because there's no one that's not seeing some sort of harm, that's not seeing some sort of negative health effects in their communities.
I mean, our own community went, in 2022, we have a different council now, but in 2022, when we originally got the motion over the line within the council to challenge the state government in the Supreme Court,
five of our eight councillors at that time were vaccine injured.
So it's just, it's almost more often that people are injured than not.
And so it's, you know, people now are starting to wake up, they do realise that this is, you know, this shot is causing problems and people, you know, it's
I think councillors are brave if they have the tenacity not to vote against a motion like ours because it just shows that people are scared to ask questions and that would be a pretty embarrassing stance to take.

[SPEAKER_09]
So what's the vaccination rate in your town?
It would be over 90%.

[SPEAKER_07]
It would be, it would be, it would be north of 90%.
I would imagine Steve.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_09]
And have there been excess deaths and sort of people dying suddenly and newspaper stories and people saying that, you know, I've never gone to so many funerals before in my life.
And, you know, people kind of realize what's going on.
It's nice because it's a small community.
I would, I would expect that 15,000 people, everybody kind of knows what's going on.

[SPEAKER_07]
Look, Steve, that's a really great question.
You know, anecdotally, absolutely, we have two local funeral directors in the town.
One of them is an Indigenous lady.
She's, I think, owns the only Indigenous funeral directive company in all of
in all of Western Australia.
She spoke at our special council meeting and she spoke about the extra deaths she's seeing, the numbers like nothing she's ever seen before, particularly in the Indigenous communities.
And just randomly, I own construction companies and I was engaged only last year to begin building a cold body storage facility in the town.
and so we've literally just finished building that cold body storage facility in the last two months and that facility was being built for the other funeral director from the town and I spoke with that funeral director and I said you know are you seeing anything different through this
you know, is there anything you're seeing different now with the number of deaths?
And they kind of sniggered.
And I said, what?
And they said, oh, they said it's crazy.
At the beginning, at the height of COVID in 2020, the death rate was, they were doing funerals, they were doing less than one funeral per week.
And so they almost went out of business.
And so they started a training school and started trying to make money with a small school, training people to work in mining, driving machines and things like that.
And I said, what about now?
What's the death rate like now?
They said, well, now we can't keep up.
We're doing one a day.
And I said, so the death rate you're seeing is almost sevenfold.
And they said, yeah.
And I said, what's causing it?
And the funeral directors told me that what was causing it was the fact that Western Australia had opened its borders and allowed COVID into the state.
And I said, surely you can't think that that's the reason that's causing it.
Yeah, well, that's absolutely the reason.
I said, well, why you don't think it could be something else like, and I kind of made the symbol of the jab into the arm.
I said, no, it's definitely not that.
I said, why is it not that?
And they said, well, we've had five jabs and we're getting our sixth jab next week.

[SPEAKER_09]
And so it makes the connection that there were no deaths in 2020 when the pandemic

[SPEAKER_07]
They literally couldn't make the connection.
They say because the
because you know our state was you know it was praised by even even Tucker Carlson on his show praised our state for locking our borders at the time that America was considering will they lock their borders so we locked our borders and so they said because of the border closures no COVID was allowed to get into the into the state after they opened the borders you know their reasoning was that COVID had come into the state and I said well it's kind of coincidence that at the same time the borders were open they wouldn't open the borders until we had a 90 percent
a 90% vaccination rate.
I said, why are these vaccines not working?
Why are these vaccines not working if the borders weren't open until we'd had this high vaccination rate?
So now the COVID is in and everyone's dying, so
Either it's because the virus came in or because the jab is killing them, but either one, the vaccine didn't work.
But, you know, it's obvious to anyone with an objective eye to what's causing this, of course.

[SPEAKER_09]
So one funeral director totally sees it and the other one is completely blind to it.
Is that right?

[SPEAKER_07]
Exactly right.

[SPEAKER_09]
Exactly right.

[SPEAKER_07]
Wow.
Yeah, it's heartbreaking.
I even showed at that time, because at that time when I spoke with the funeral director, before we even started building this cold-body storage facility, I showed them, at that time, it was late, sorry, early 2023, and the funeral director, sorry, at that time, the New South Wales government on the other side of the country, where Sydney is the capital,
they were still posting hospitalisations, intensive care units and deaths with relation to vaccination status right until December 31st, 2022.
And the last, basically the last two months of 2022, 99% of intensive care units and deaths
from COVID, we're all in double or triple or double boosted patients.
So it was obvious at that time that everyone that was dying were those that had had two or three or more injections.
And so the the New South Wales state government in 2023 began decided they would stop posting those statistics because it was becoming glaringly obvious what was going on.
So it's you know it's it's
there has to be some sort of complicity in government regulators because when they remove those statistics, there was only one reason they removed those statistics from their weekly updates across New South Wales and that was because it was clearly showing that over 99% of hospitalisations, intensive care units and deaths were coming from those people that had had two or more jabs.

[SPEAKER_09]
Wow.

[SPEAKER_05]
Same in Canada.

[SPEAKER_09]
And they refuse to, I just got a screen sharing request, this word.
Oh, it is requesting share screen.
OK, so let's see.
I have to find the right tab now.
It's not, let's see.
Oh, here we go.
Here we go.
So are you highlighting this now?
So this is from TGA rejects concerns over DNA fragments found in mRNA vaccines.
So they posted this on the TGA post on X.
So here's the media release, TGA Australia.
We are aware of misinformation in recent media and online reports that the claim that the mRNA vaccine is contaminated with excessive levels in DNA.
This is not the case.
And Kevin McKernan writes, your response to people's request for your quantitative PCR protocol is misinformation.
No transparency on your methods.
But we can already see that you are only using one assay in the vector kanjin.
So you are underestimating the load by 100x.
So in other words, they're telling people that this is misinformation, but they're not being transparent about the methods that they use to assess this, and the methods that they use were wrong.
So this is how bad it is.
And there were 1,500 comments here.
And I haven't read all 1500, but the ones I've read are all negative against the TGA, so I'll stop.

[SPEAKER_07]
Steve, can I cut in just there?
The TGA released that statement, and of course, they say they debunked the science.
All they did is they denied the science.
More importantly, we had just recently released by the TGA was a Freedom of Information request from an investigative journalist, Rebecca Barnett.
And at the bottom, you can see in Kevin McKernan's poster, he actually had pictures of the redacted Freedom of Information request that was sent back.
But one thing they forgot to redact was the actual methodology that the TGA, which is Australia's version of the Food and Drug Administration,
But the TGA have been using the QPCR, the quantitative PCR test, to calculate the load of DNA fragments in these mRNA solutions.
On the night of our special council meeting, I was given that Freedom of Information request from Rebecca Barnett, but at the same time, I was also shown that the Moderna patent, so Moderna holds the patent worldwide for removing DNA fragments out of mRNA solutions.
And in Moderna's own patent, it says buried right down deep in, I think, page 20 something of about 30 in very technical science,
clearly states that you cannot use the qPCR for removing DNA fragments or measuring DNA fragments in mRNA solutions.
And so the method that the Australia's TGA is using to quantify the contamination loads of DNA fragments is even said by Moderna in its patent, which has the patent for removing these DNA fragments.
Moderna says in its own pattern you cannot use the QPCR and that's exactly the method they're using.
Yet they're still gaslighting Australians, they're gaslighting all these people and they've been caught out and we've called them out and people are now waking up and that was probably the main reason on the night where we got our councillors to vote in majority.
I presented those documents and people like
Oh, shit.
So the TGA is actually lying to us by saying that there is no DNA contamination, while at the same time, they've acknowledged themselves that they're using a testing method that Moderna themselves says doesn't work.
So that fact alone is what made people sort of sit back in their chairs and go, oh, my god.
So we're actually being lied to by our federal agencies.

[SPEAKER_09]
Wake up moment.
Did you have five votes before they learned that?
Or was that kind of the straw that broke the camel's back?

[SPEAKER_07]
No, look, we didn't have five votes.
We had three for sure.
And we had two, I want to say fence sitters.
But one of those two fence sitters, and I don't like saying here live on thing, but I will.
One of those two fence sitters is actually vaccine-injured.
He has myocarditis after the Pfizer jab.
And he himself acknowledges, yes, he's been injured by this jab.
He struggles to fly anywhere.
He flies anywhere, he gets so full of blood clots that he can die on any time he gets on a plane.
But the other one was absolutely against us.
When he came into the thing, he had five pages written to debate against us and he didn't think that he could be swayed.
And after hearing the testimony of a bunch of the people from the town, because we had a full gallery and not a single person spoke against the motion, they all spoke for it and they were all telling some quite horrible, sad,
scary stories about their own personal experiences.
But that coupled with the fact that the TGA had been telling us, no, it's safe and this science is all debunked.
Yet I was able to show them that the Moderna patent says that the methods that the TGA were using, you cannot use to quantify DNA fragments in an mRNA solution.
So that made people go, like you said, that was their wake up moment.
And they're like, oh, wow.

[SPEAKER_09]
we need to ask this question because it's, you know, ultimately all we're doing is asking a question.
Can you call the TGA?
Well, if you call the TGA and say, hey, let's have a conversation because we're trying to sort this out, sort out the truth.
Would they respond at all to you?
Because I never have any luck at all with these agencies when I ask questions.
I'm only able to do the FOIA requests and they respond to those because they have to.
But when it comes to like, hey, what's going on?
I just don't want to spread misinformation, but can you explain this?
Like, I never get a response.

[SPEAKER_07]
Look, it's a great question.
I don't think, certainly no one on the council has called the TGA yet, but there's certainly been a lot of journalists have been calling and asking and they don't seem to get any love and the TGA gets put, you know, we have Senate hearings and they refuse to answer questions in the Senate hearings.
But it's funny, the TGA in Australia,
is 96% funded by industry.
So Big Pharma gives the TGA 96% of its funding.
Now the TGA themselves came out and said oh that 96% that's fake information, that's not true.
So again another Freedom of Information request went out and then the TGA had to acknowledge say okay yes it's 94%.
So whether it's
Whether it's 94% or 96%, we're sort of clutching at straws, but basically they're part of the marketing agency of Big Pharma themselves.
As far as them going to, you know, obviously they are getting told what they can and can't say in these Senate hearings and they are getting told what they can and can't say to, you know, like the members of parliament like Russell Boardbent who originally brought this table to the federal parliament and sent his letters to the Prime Minister.
But they, they,
They are completely compromised.
They are really just the mouthpiece of Big Pharma and Pfizer and these guys.
It's such a conflict of interest that I'm quite shocked at this stage with the amount of
push back around Australia.
This has really changed the tide in Australia.
It's, you know, our motion, you know, we're the first level of government, I'm not sure anywhere in the world, but certainly in Australia, but I would say likely anywhere in the world that has voted in an absolute majority to suspend these vaccines pending an investigation into this contamination.
and they have to take notice now because literally every city hall, every mayor, every councilor in the country is now being given this information and they're going to be getting questions from literally every jurisdiction from the entire country and why they haven't at this stage thrown fires under the bus for fraud because I think fraud would be the only way out that they have to absolve themselves of the
legal, the financial and I guess the
emotional liability of what's been caused by these jabs across Australia.
The liability numbers are the mind boggles.
We're talking hundreds of billions, if not into the trillions.
Of course, Big Pharma is telling their lackeys in Australia's TGA to keep their mouths shut and stick to the party line.
The party line is just not working anymore.
It's just all ad hominem.
They're attacking me.
They're attacking, obviously they're attacking David Spieker and not any scientist that's going against, but I'm actually in Russia right now and I'm talking about this in mainstream media all over Russia.
but of course they're using the Russian spy, oh he's a Russian spy, all this nonsense you know.
I came here with Julian Assange's father who we brought to your house back in October there Steve, you may remember, but we've been over here with Julian Assange's father and sort of involved in the BRICS Summit, just you know being here watching and speaking at various conferences throughout the
you know the the big bricks stuff that's happening happening politically so look they aggressively they aggressively go after me because they say oh look this is all misinformation but and and they of course they're trying to make me some sort of conspiracy lunatic but uh you know their method now is complete ad hominem they're completely playing the uh the man not the ball or you know going for the
going for the message rather than the message.
So look, they're really nervous right now.
Of course, they're trying to get their things in place.
I think I can't say we have a federal election.
I know you guys have got one in just over a week, but we've got one in Australia early next year, and this is going to become an election issue.
And the problem is,
The previous government was in power when this was rolled out, and now there's a new government that sort of continued it.
So both sides of the house are going to be absolutely destroyed over this.
I don't know how this is going to pan out for either of the major parties.

[SPEAKER_06]
There's a major blackout here on the BRIC Summit, by the way.
No one in the legacy media here is even mentioning that major monumental conference that you were just at.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, look, it's certainly
It's certainly the biggest assembly of world leaders and you know we're talking over half of the world's population and
over half of the world GDP and they're talking about creating new currencies.
This will be one of the most momentous world-changing events probably in my lifetime.
The fact that they're keeping it quiet, obviously there is grave concern, particularly in US circles, because if Bricks does come up with an alternate currency to the US World Reserve currency, then
God help what happens to the United States and all those vassal states like my own Australia, if that is to go ahead.
Our own currencies are in for a real real real shakeup.

[SPEAKER_06]
You say if, do you think it's an if or a when?

[SPEAKER_07]
Look, I think it's a when.
It wasn't confirmed at this conference.
I think there's been a lot of negotiations happen that won't be relieved until the next two to three months.
When that happens, brace yourselves because you want to make sure that any cash you have is tied up in gold because we're going to see monumentous changes in the way the world financial system works, particularly all that that's based around US dollar as the world reserve currency.
It's frightening and I can't see
I can't see how anything but a global conflict could change the direction of this momentum.

[SPEAKER_09]
Let me ask you a question about your health stats.
Do you have your own local health authority?
in your town or is it a wider, is it a state-based thing or what's the jurisdiction for health data and can you get it?

[SPEAKER_07]
It's a state-based thing and those numbers are held very tightly to the chest of health regulation and state government authorities but we do have an Australian Bureau of Statistics which is similar to
I'm trying to think of what the equivalent is that you have in the US.
But we do have a state-based system.
And even the Australian Bureau of Statistics, it's always sort of months behind in adding its numbers.
And so it's looking at the numbers like Ed Dowd has sort of been putting out.
He's done quite a bit of work on the Australian stuff.
I got Ed down to talk at a conference for us in June 2023.
and he did have a lot of numbers for Australia at that time and he also followed through on those.
the Australian numbers you know our excess death rates sort of went up as high as between 18 and 20 percent for a number of months and it's now sort of coming back down to sort of steadily above 10 percent above our excess deaths which is you know as you know yourself that's kind of a one in two hundred year catastrophe that would cause a 10 percent rise in our mortality rate.
So
look it's it's uh again the big fat elephant in the room everyone likes to tiptoe around and uh and you know i guess i guess to get the government at this stage to acknowledge that there's a problem would be to uh admit guilt and to admit some sort of liability so we're a ways off that we're a ways off having these uh guys um
admit that they were wrong, but it's coming because they certainly cannot get around.
This motion now has lit a wave of indignation across Australia that we've certainly not seen in the last five years.

[SPEAKER_09]
You know, with the statistic about 99% are double or triple jabbed in hospitals, death, and ICU, that should end it.
That's all you need.
There is no defense on that one.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, they can't use the keeps you out of the hospital meme anymore.

[SPEAKER_09]
It keeps you in the hospital.

[SPEAKER_06]
Right.

[SPEAKER_09]
Right.
I mean, like, why is that not the, the, the only argument you need to use?

[SPEAKER_07]
Uh, look, it's, it's, it's so frustrating.
This whole, you know, you're sort of, you've been fighting this for, you know, as long as any of us and, uh,
There is just no logical explanation to what could, how that, like you say, how that 99 to 100, between 99 and 100% of people in hospitals and the ICU beds being double or triple gabbed.
is just so glaringly obvious.
I used to post that stuff on my Facebook every two weeks when they released the data and I would dig into the data and dig it up and pull the graphs out and show them exactly those numbers.
And I have doctor, I have doctor mates that would say, oh yeah, but you don't understand.
It was those people who were jabbed are probably the old people that are, that are sick.
And like the excuses I was getting from doctors, it's just like.

[SPEAKER_09]
It's the opposite.
It's the opposite.
I just pointed, I just did a sub stack on it.
It's the, the, the people who were unvaccinated are the sick people.

[SPEAKER_07]
Exactly.
It's just, it's a, the whole, the whole thing is so ridiculous.
At this stage, it just,
you know, it breaks my heart that, you know, so many people fell for this and have lost, you know, I've lost 16, I've lost 16 friends, um, close to me that have, uh, I've died, you know, soon after a booster.
And, um, did you say 16?
16, one six.
Wow.
That's huge.
One of my friends, and I, and I don't like to talk about this too much.
One of my friends, he, uh, he works in a local business and I, um, he didn't call me back this day and I was chasing him, chasing him for a, for a work related matter.
He called me back at the end of the day, and I said, where were you?
Just teasing him.
And he said, I was just off getting my booster.
And jokingly, I said to him, it was nice knowing you, Alan.
His name was Alan Cox.
And I said, it's nice knowing you, Coxie.
And he said, haha, you're anti-vaxxer, eh?
I said, on this one, mate, yes, I absolutely am.
And we had a joke and we sorted out our business.
Anyway, he was going to call me the next day.
He didn't call.
So I left it away.
What the hell's going on with that one?
Anyway, sure enough, he died the next day after I'd said to him, it was nice knowing you jokingly.
And he died the day after his booster.
So did you say 16 people, one six?
Yeah, one six.

[SPEAKER_09]
And how many people do you think you know?

[SPEAKER_07]
I do know a lot of people, but that's sort of beside the fact.
Because I was involved in this stuff and I was talking at rallies and I was sort of organizing rallies and helping fund rallies around the country, I probably got to know more people than average on more than most with this.
Just within my own circle, 16 people that I know had died within a month of a second jab or a booster.

[SPEAKER_09]
And how many people do you know, before the jabs rolled out, how many people do you know who died unexpectedly like that?

[SPEAKER_07]
To be honest, I can't think of anyone in my life.

[SPEAKER_09]
Right.
OK. And how many people do you know who died from COVID?
Sorry, how many?

[SPEAKER_07]
Zero.
I don't know.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.
We got to talk after this.
This is great.
I'm saying this is great because I have another guy in Washington.
I know Jay Bonner.
15 people died unexpectedly for Jay of his friends.
I think he's had one unexpected death in his entire life.
And after the vaccine trial, he had 15 unexpected deaths.
Every one of the 15 that were unexpected were vaccinated.
And four of them died on the same day as they got their vaccine.
Now, yours is even more dramatic than that.
16 people within a month of a jab.
That's extraordinary.
That's extraordinary.
You know, and I thought he was the outlier.

[SPEAKER_06]
So Adrian, I'm reminded also of all the people that were arrested just for leaving their house in Australia during the lockdowns.

[SPEAKER_07]
Are they having any regrets now from like literally tackling people and arresting them for just even going outside and way back when I haven't liaised with too many, the police, the police, um, my friends in the police force that were, you know, that were,
that were sort of on our side.
Most of them have resigned and have taken up other careers because they couldn't deal with being forced and told they had to do that sort of thing.
Look, I really don't know.
The police and the government, they enjoyed their newfound power.
And as we know, governments don't like to give up power when they get used to a new level of power.
And certainly,
I don't know if they regret it.
I would say not.
I see nothing that sort of shows any remorse from what they did and what they did to us.
So it's really disturbing to think about what they got away with here in Australia during the 2020, 2021, and even early 2022.
But it was only in the last couple of days, our ex-deputy prime minister, who was our most famous treasurer,
He was under the John Howard years, he was sort of in office as a Deputy Prime Minister for, you know, about a part of a decade.
And he has come out this week and said how embarrassed he is that Australians
such easy pushovers in the COVID thing, we really didn't stand up.
For a country of people that we always thought were tough and strong and had a healthy, disrespectful authority, we really showed our, maybe it's our convict heritage or something that is just, you know,
once we get told what to do, we bow down.
And yeah, it was really disturbing to watch Australians who were always known to be rough and tough and sort of the crocodile dundee types.
We really dropped the ball.
And look, I hope that the people in Australia would rise up if this would happen again, but yeah, the jury is out.

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, I want to thank you both for staying with us for so long.
Jessica, I know it's very late where you are and I'm so grateful for all the knowledge you dropped on us tonight.
And Adrian, thank you for finally persevering and making it through and getting on and sharing your stories and everything with us and our audience.
We really appreciate you.

[SPEAKER_07]
Look, thank you so much for having me on and I'm sorry.
about an hour of trying, I know you've probably gone over your usual time now so it's, I'm sorry to keep you guys later than you probably anticipated yourselves.
Jess, thank you for all the work you're doing.
Jess has been really instrumental in backing up Dr David's speakers work and of course working with Julian Gillespie who's put so much work into
into putting all of our motions and our approach to this strategically across Australia.
The people behind the scenes that are working on what we achieved in Headland and what we're still to achieve are a lot of people going sort of unrecognised, but Jess, we really love you and what you've done for us is fantastic.

[SPEAKER_05]
Right back at you.
And just to reinforce that point,
there are so many people working in the background and there's so many people that are just gonna like fireball this.
I mean, when the so-called leaders or the councillors get word of what's been going on here, they're gonna have the full support of the people because like you said, everybody knows someone who's been damaged.
So yeah, I think there's a lot of support
For what we're doing.
So it's, it's a team effort and, uh, yeah, we, we, we will, we will succeed.
We just have to persist.
That's it.

[SPEAKER_09]
So Adrian, I sent you a DM and the.
I don't know if you can read that.

[SPEAKER_07]
I'm scared to touch anything on this telephone I'm talking to you because everything will drop out.

[SPEAKER_06]
We'll get you Adrian's number and you can either email him or get to him.
Thank you both.
Hang in there everyone else.
We've got a couple of quick announcements.
Thank you.
Have a great rest of your evening, both of you.
Uh, yeah, riveting show again as, as usual.
Um, I want to bring on nurse Angela.
She's got an update on Alexis, uh, that, uh, some people were asking about.
So hello, how are you this evening?
Welcome to VSRF live.

[SPEAKER_02]
Hey, sorry.
Of course, the minute I unmute my dog start barking, um, typical, but yeah, I, I, I did give her a call because I know a lot of people are asking about her and wanting to know how she's doing.
And I asked her, I said, do you want me to tell the viewers the truth or do you want me to sugarcoat how she's doing?
And she said, I want you to tell them the truth.
And unfortunately, it's not great.
You know, she's really struggling, very, very difficult, extremely painful.
She cries.
She wakes up screaming in pain.
She whimpers a lot.
the dressing changes have become increasingly more difficult to where she used to have to be sedated very lightly to get through the dressing changes.
And now they have to put her in a deeper type of sleep.
And sometimes these dressing changes take up to about three hours to do in a day.
And so it's really hard.
I'm actually flying back there.
I've been home for just a little bit and I'm flying back this weekend to go back and take care of her.
But it's really difficult and I think
for her mentally and for me being by her side, the hardest part is just the lack of acknowledgement as to what happened to her.
She's had this PNH for almost a year now.
She was diagnosed in January, but she's probably had it for almost a year.
And when she entered the hospital, she entered on a Tuesday.
She was there from Tuesday to Friday before she got the vaccines and she was not having any of these side effects or any of these symptoms.
And she gets three shots and within two minutes she's got a locked jaw.
She can't speak.
She starts vomiting profusely.
She loses her vision in both eyes and then the sequela of what came after.
And it's really difficult being in a hospital with all these doctors who right now are taking wonderful care of her.
Um, ever since I arrived, I mean, prior to that, she was like on her death bed, but to have them sit there and say that this was not vaccine related, that this was PNH.
And I kept, I keep telling them like she's been, she's had this for, you know, for a year and she was in the hospital for days before she got three shots.
And then all of a sudden this happens.
And so I think that's the hard part for a lot of vaccine injured is they're completely gaslit.
They, they, they have a vaccine, they have an immediate reaction, and then they're told that it's.
anything but what was just given to them.
And in medicine, I've never seen anything like this.
You know, you give an antibiotic and people have an, you know, an allergic reaction or a reaction, you stop the medication and you know exactly what caused the incident.
And so I think mentally that that part is really hard for her because all she wants
you know, from the doctors is a sorry, I'm sorry that this happened to you.
I'm sorry, this was given to you and your body reacted in this way.
And she's not getting that.
And mentally, that's really tough.
But not at all.

[SPEAKER_09]
Not from any doctor or any nurse.
But no, but didn't you say that the nurses confided in you that they all realize it's the shots?

[SPEAKER_02]
The nurses, the nurses, they haven't really come out and said that they, that it's the shots, but they've come out and they stay, they are sympathetic and they're like, we're so sorry.
We're so sorry that this happened to you.
And cause she'll cry to them about it.
She'll tell them like, you know, they gave me these three shots and this happened and all the nurses have been like, I'm so sorry.
This is awful.
This is terrible.
And so they've been really sweet and sympathetic.
Her burn team are really, you know, most of them are really wonderful.
She's had some really wonderful doctors and.
you know, when I go back there this weekend, I'm hoping to talk to them and have a heart-to-heart with them and just say, you know, and I've done this before, that if this was your child, like, I don't care what was given to her, if it would have been an aspirin or a peanut.
I mean, God forbid people have peanut allergies and their body swells and they react.
But the fact that she'd been in the hospital for days coming in with this had no symptoms whatsoever.
And, you know, there are some really major doctors with Children's Health Defense and others that are
that are looking into her medical records and writing this up.
And a lot of the side effects that she had are side effects from the vaccine that are known side effects like lockjaw, you know, purpura, um, all of her inflammatory markers through the roof.
She's a classic vaccine injured patient, um, troponin levels.
I mean, there was nights where I didn't think she was going to make it.
She was having such severe chest pain.
Um, I was having to call in doctors, um,
to get labs done and echoes and stuff because our troponin levels were through the roof.
Just all the classic vaccine reaction symptoms.
And it's really hard.
She's got a long road ahead.
As we know with vaccine injuries, it's not linear.
It's not like you progressively get better and better and better.
You get better and then you crash.
And unfortunately right now she's in one of those phases where she's not doing the greatest.
So I miss her so much.
I talk to her every day.
looking forward to getting back there this weekend and being by her side.

[SPEAKER_06]
Someone else I wanted to mention that you talk to a lot, Cody, who's still apparently not doing well either, but they're doing something in Florida.
This is called Cody's Law.
And let me just read a little bit about this.
For Florida residents, if you please sign the petition, if you're from Florida and you're watching this, you can sign this petition and Janet's gonna put the link in the chat.
and reach out to your state representatives about Cody's law to help the vaccine injured.
Many people suffered severe life altering injuries from COVID-19, as you all know, vaccines, COVID-19 vaccines, or emergency use authorized treatments like remdesivir, yet they have fallen through the cracks of federal and state support systems.
Cody's law is a plea for lawmakers to make decisive action in recognizing and treating these injuries as the health emergencies that they are.
For the full proposal, please visit codyslaw.org.
And again, Janet will put that link in the chat.
So they're doing some proactive work down in Florida.
Maybe that can spread throughout the country as an example.

[SPEAKER_02]
And I think all of our viewers too, for everything that they've done for Cody, because Cody is so near and dear to me.
And his mother is just amazing as well, fighting for all the backs and injured.
And I have no doubt that Alexis down the road, she's such a strong, strong individual.
that she will, she's going to move mountains.
I mean, what, what she, she, as we know, she's held nothing back.
And the other, the other really sad thing too, is in the beginning, the hospital was more concerned about whether, you know, the fact that, that she gave Steve permission to release her medical records and
When they would come in the room, I think it was the vice president that came in and said, did you realize that your medical records are out there?
And she said, yes, I was crying for help.
I was left to die.
Nobody would help me.
I had to call 911 for my own room.
I was begging for help.
And so I had to turn to social media and I turned to Steve so that Steve could release my medical records because I really didn't think I'd live.
And they were so concerned about that.
I mean, I was in the room when this VP came in.
And all I kept thinking was, is this your major concern?
I mean, at that point, she looked like death.
I was worried about an airway.
Her tongue took up most of her mouth.
She was so swollen.
and, you know, just hemolytically not stable.
And I just wish that they would put enough effort and energy into figuring out what happened to her versus worrying about the fact that her medical records were out there, that she gave permission to be out there.
That was their concern.
And I just thought, gosh, what a waste of time.
You guys are coming into the room with this poor girl who's struggling and you're wasting our time with this.

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, just shows you that their concern is about trying to get
get us deplatformed.
The priority is to get us deplatformed.
Their priority is not her care.
She should have gone in and said, how's Alexis?
Oh, and by the way, but that wasn't it.
It was all about, hey, can we go after this guy?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, they came in specifically, the VP of the hospital came in specifically for that.
And then another situation happened where the Department of Public Health in California
came in for an investigation as to why her medical records were out there.
And she said, I gave him the passcode.
I want them out there.
And that's their concern.
And to me, it's like, I don't know if that's their concern because they want those records squashed and hidden because the truth is in the records.
The truth is in her phone, she documented so well everything that happened to her.
She documented when she was in the hospital, when she got admitted on Tuesday,
and her and her sister having fun.
Of course she wasn't in the best shape.
She went into the hospital to get care, but she was nowhere near like what had happened to her.
She was fatigued and tired and not feeling well.
And with PNH, you do have to have, you know, occasional blood transfusions and that's what she got.
Um, but she didn't have any reaction to the blood transfusion.
She had an immediate reaction once she got the three shots and it just went downhill very rapidly.
And that's what they should be investigating.
They should not be investigating, you know,
trying to shut down her social media or trying to get her medical records that she authorized you to put online, taken down, they should be investigating what happened to her and how can we make sure this never happens to anybody else and how can we take the best care of her, which I have to say they are taking very good care of her now.
But from what was described to me and from what I witnessed when I got there is that she had really awful care.
until I stepped in and I had to demand that she get admitted to the ICU.
You know, she tells the story multiple times about how she was on the call light for hours and hours and hours.
They would just give her a melatonin and some pain meds and basically make fun of her and mock her.
And one time she had to go to the bathroom and they wouldn't even answer her call light.
And she got so desperate that her sister had to do like a makeshift, you know, toilet next to the bed and put a little container and she,
basically urinated on the floor in a container because nobody would come in and help her.
And that's actually what I witnessed when I was talking to her.
I was hearing the screams and nobody, I was on the phone with her for an hour and 40 minutes.
I think Steve actually jumped on the phone with us as well.
And Steve heard it too.
And I wasn't even thinking properly.
I was like, Steve, I just need to get my car and go down there.
And that's when Steve is like, Angela, get on a plane, go.
But it was pretty bad.
And I couldn't imagine leaving a patient in a room like that as a nurse.
I would never, I don't care.
I don't care if the patient was a mass murderer.
If that was my patient, I would never leave a patient in a room screaming hysterically, looking as visibly bad as she looked.
So anyway, she, she sends her love to everybody.
Maybe one, you know, when I get there this weekend, next week, her and I can just do a little rumble and she can give you all an update and she appreciates all of our viewers and loves everybody.
And that's actually what's getting her through this.
just hearing from everybody and knowing that there's all this love from VSRF and all these other people around the world.
It's helping her tremendously.
So I thank you all so much.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
Please, please send her all our best and all our love and positive energy.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.
When Angela goes down there, she's going to meet with them and reach out to them and see if she can get them just to blow the whistle on the COVID vaccine, vaccines in general.
and come out because it's their opportunity to be a hero here.
Instead of playing, let's cover our tracks.
Let's try to get away from any kind of liability.
They should be being the heroes and saying, look, it's time for us to tell the truth.
It's being held in for so long.
Um, let's get it out there.
Let's join in with other hospitals and let's tell the public the truth.
And, and that would be so amazing if people decided to be heroes, use this opportunity to be a hero and tell the truth.
rather than just another, let's brush this under the rug, let's divert attention.

[SPEAKER_06]
It's tragic.
They're all so worried to get canceled or to get fired or they're de-incentivized from doing exactly what you said, Steve.

[SPEAKER_02]
Speaking of being a hero, I'm hoping on Monday I have a meeting
I was part of the Yale Listen study, which is a study that the Yale physicians did for the vaccine injured, where I think they collected close to a thousand samples of vaccine injured blood and saliva.
And they are meeting with us on Monday to go over
their reports and their results from the blood work that they've been comparing and looking at for all of us.
So I'm hopeful too that they might be heroes as well and blow the whistle because they're so, I mean, they have so much evidence there over at Yale University.
So I'm just hopeful that there's enough good people in this world that will want to do the right thing.
We have all the evidence.
It's just a matter of doing the right thing at this point.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
And if you're still watching and with us and you like the content that we're putting out and the people we're helping, I want to take a moment to remind you that VSRF is a 501c3 nonprofit organization and everything we do from hosting weekly webinars and producing educational content to providing a platform for truth and all the work that Nurse Angela is doing
depends entirely on your generous donations.
We operate solely on the support of people like you who believe in the importance of free speech, medical freedom, and exposing the truth in a world increasingly dominated by censorship and misinformation.
Every donation, no matter the size, directly fuels our mission and helps us continue the fight for the freedoms that matter most.
So if you believe in what we do, we humbly ask you for your support today.
We know it's tough out there, but together we can make a real difference.
And thank you for standing with us and for considering a donation to help us continue our vital work that we're doing here.
And we're gonna be having a fundraiser in December and I'm excited to announce that on Thursday, December 5th.
The Thursday, December 5th show will be hosting an end of the year celebration with some very special guests.
It's gonna be a fun game show themed event and we'll be sharing more details in the coming weeks.
So mark your calendars.
You won't want to miss it.
And next week,
Again, another opportunity, if you've donated before or if you can donate before Saturday night, we're gonna be doing Steve Kirsch's Santa Clara.
analysis of vaccination in Santa Clara County.
So we're going to pre-record that on Tuesday night.
So if you want to join us live and interact with Steve and myself and probably Nurse Angela, if you're available, depending on your situation with Alexis, join us and donate.
One other thing before we leave, I wanted to ask you, you're from LA, like me, and I grew up a Dodger fan.
I don't know if you noticed, Fernando Valenzuela from the Dodgers, the great pitching legend, passed away a couple days ago.
He was the broadcaster for the Spanish language Dodger broadcast up until the end of September, where he then abruptly had a health
situation left the broadcast booth with like I'll be back next season they didn't announce what it was he just left and then a few weeks later he's gone he's no longer with us and they still have not announced why he left the booth and why he died it's just he just suddenly and and I loved I grew up watching him and
And it's just another I'm not, you know, till we know for sure.
But it I've never experienced this where someone just like doing fine and then, oh, I don't feel well.
And then I'm just dead.
And we're not going to talk about what happened.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_02]
So, you know, Tuesday, I will be in L.A. at that point.
So when Steve does this pre record, I can get on with you guys with Alexis.
So all of our viewers out there who are on the call, they want to speak
with her say hello, I can I can bring us on and she would love to say hi to everybody she even when she's at her worst, she's still
She still loves to talk to people.

[SPEAKER_06]
Great.
Great.
Thank you.
So if you're on our list, you will be getting an email and an invite to join us on Tuesday night.
And as we wrap up tonight's episode, we're going to leave you with a video of Bobby Kennedy during his powerful speech at Turning Point USA in Georgia talking about Bill Gates being indicted in the Netherlands for lying to the public about COVID vaccines.
Thank you once again for tuning in and we look forward to seeing you again on Tuesday night and stay engaged, stay vigilant.
Have a great weekend and Steve, Angela, we'll see you on Tuesday.

[SPEAKER_02]
Have a great weekend, everybody.
Take care.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_08]
And I read an article from the New York Times.
that Bill Gates had just donated $50 million to Kamala Harris's campaign.
And the article said that it was the first donation that he's made in 20 years, that he's stayed out of politics, that he's been bipartisan.
It was a dark money donation.
He didn't intend for it to be public.
He routed the donation through a 501C4, which was an organization that was set up to conceal large money donations to the Harris campaign.
Now, he said, when the Times asked him, he said he had donated zero.
in the 2020 campaign when President Biden was running against President Trump.
And he said, this campaign is different than any other.
And so he felt the need to do this.
Now, do you think Bill Gates made that donation out of a patriotic impulse?
Do you think he made it out of a humanitarian impulse?
Do you think he made it because he wants global health?
Or because he wants to make America healthy again?
Well there was something else, another article about Bill Gates that came out today that said he had just been indicted
He's been indicted in the Netherlands for lying to the public about the COVID vaccine.
And he's going to have to go to trial.
You think that he wants to go to trial here in the United States of America?
You think maybe that's one of the reasons he chose to give $50 million to Kamala Harris?
