[SPEAKER_04]
Rise up from the ashes Rise up from the flames See through the lies that feed the fires that we creep Come out from the shadows Come out and play in sight Nothing to lose, it's time to move into the light
Together we will rise, oh Together we will rise, oh Together we will rise, oh Together we will rise, oh Together we will rise, oh Together we will rise, oh
Can't wait any longer It's our time, yeah, cause it's our time Together we will rise Together we will rise Together we will rise Can't wait any longer It's our time, yeah, cause it's our time
of our sons and daughters.
It's a war we're gonna lose if we divide ourselves apart.
Yeah, it's time to rip the veil that covers everything.
The talking isn't gonna make us blind.
And when we strike back, shoot love into the sky.
We're fighting, no more hiding anymore Our story, we're fighting, won't lose it We can't keep quiet anymore Cause together we will rise Together we will rise Together we will rise Can't wait any longer It's our time, yeah Cause it's our time Together we will rise
Together we will rise, oh Together we will rise, yeah Wait any longer It's our time, yeah Yes, it's our time
Can't wait any longer, it's our time Yeah, cause it's our time Together we will rise Together we will rise Together we will rise Can't wait any longer, it's our time Yeah, cause it's our time

[SPEAKER_14]
Tonight on VSRF Live, Rescue the Republic co-founder Matt Toon, journalist Lara Logan, and Brad from Five Times August will join Steve Kirsch to discuss why they felt compelled to be a part of this important movement.

[SPEAKER_12]
2020 is the code for healthy vision.
It is also the year we were given the eyes to see.
Today, the curtain has been pulled back to reveal the liars at the levers.
They are masters of deception, hell-bent to divide and conquer.
Like magicians, they use the art of redirection to keep us distracted as they trick us.
Nearly every war we have fought was initiated by their propaganda.

[SPEAKER_03]
Iraq's weapons of mass destruction are controlled by a murderous tyrant.

[SPEAKER_12]
As their empire of lies is collapsing, they are becoming increasingly desperate and dangerous.

[SPEAKER_07]
Russia, China, and Iran have announced the three nations are seeking to strengthen ties.
The alliance that's been formed should chill us all to the bone.

[SPEAKER_12]
Their reckless war games have united a deadly alliance.
Everything we have fought for, everything we've earned, and everything we love is under attack.

[SPEAKER_00]
Terror suspects at the southern border... At what point do we say

[SPEAKER_12]
Enough is enough.
Now is the time for the American people to wake up and rise up.
A rebel alliance is forming in the name of liberty and life.
People of every color, culture, creed and ideology are putting politics aside to secure the eight pillars of peace and freedom.
End the weaponization of science and medicine.

[SPEAKER_05]
If there is risk, there must be choice.

[SPEAKER_12]
Cease the expansion of surveillance and propaganda.

[SPEAKER_05]
They are killing us with censorship and propaganda.

[SPEAKER_12]
Stop central bank digital currencies.

[SPEAKER_06]
That will allow them to punish us from a distance and cut off our food supply.

[SPEAKER_12]
prevent political abuse of our judicial system.

[SPEAKER_06]
What we are demanding is in fact the restoration of the rule of law.

[SPEAKER_12]
Secure our national borders.

[SPEAKER_04]
I'm tired of the United States doing nothing to protect the American people.

[SPEAKER_12]
Protect our children.

[SPEAKER_09]
To defend our children and to save an entire generation.

[SPEAKER_12]
Restore critical thinking and education.

[SPEAKER_09]
I think that the time for change is now and enough is enough.

[SPEAKER_12]
And above all, break our addiction to war.

[SPEAKER_08]
The nuclear threat is an emergency of the highest order and we are all in the crosshairs of this emergency.

[SPEAKER_02]
We must set aside our differences, work together to fire those warmongering politicians from both political parties.
Everybody from the left, everybody from the right, everybody from the middle coming together to realize that we have more in common than divides us.

[SPEAKER_10]
What unites us is so much stronger than anything that divides us.
We're a country of love.

[SPEAKER_02]
We're a country that care about people.
The one thing that brings us together here today is that we value life.

[SPEAKER_05]
Every single principle on which the West is based is under simultaneous threat.
We must defend the West.

[SPEAKER_14]
Good evening and welcome to another episode of VSRF Live.
I'm your host, Livio Sanchez.
We have an exciting show lined up for you tonight.
As you all know, we are just a few days away from one of the most significant events of the year, Rescue the Republic.
This event is going to be a powerful gathering of voices committed to truth, freedom, and justice.
It's an opportunity to hear from some of the most courageous leaders, thinkers, and artists who are standing up to challenge the corruption and censorship in our world today.
Joining us tonight, we have three incredible guests who will give us an inside look into what to expect on Sunday in Washington DC at Rescue the Republic.
First, we'll be talking to the founder of Rescue the Republic, Matt Toon.
He'll share his vision behind the event and why now, more than ever, this kind of movement is so critical.
Next, we have renowned journalist, Lara Logan, who's been fearlessly reporting on issues that matter despite the intense pushback.
She'll talk about what it means to speak truth to power in this era of widespread suppression of free speech.
And finally, we'll be hearing from the genius musical artist behind Five Times August, Brad Skistimus.
His music has been an anthem for many of us fighting for freedom.
It's going to be a powerful conversation tonight, so stick around.
But before we get started, I want to remind everyone that we have our current raffle.
And as you can see a sample of the books here, we have put together a super spreader library of 20 books about medical fraud, mind control, and government corruption from some of our favorite authors.
Every raffle ticket costs $10.
The more entries you buy, the more chances you have to win.
So please help support us and donate today by entering the raffle.
Every donation counts and all donations are tax deductible.
Janet will put the give butter link in the chat.
You also have the QR code right there on the screen.
We're planning to keep this raffle open through October 10th.
So thank you again for your continued support.
And now I'd like to bring in VSRF founder, Steve Kirsch.
Steve Kirsch, welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you doing this evening, sir?
Excellent.
And I am really looking forward to seeing you in person again this weekend as you're going to make your way to DC as well.

[SPEAKER_13]
I am.
I'm on a flight tomorrow to DC to see all of you.

[SPEAKER_14]
Excellent.
What's your take on this upcoming event?
I mean, we're a couple of years removed from Defeat the Mandates, which you are a significant part of founding.
What is your take on the difference between that one and what's coming up this weekend with Rescue the Republic?

[SPEAKER_13]
I'm looking forward to it.
They've got a great lineup of speakers.
I suspect it won't be there like seven or eight hours long that our previous event was.
So it'll be manageable in terms of time.
And we won't get kicked off the steps of any public buildings.
So I'm looking forward to re-engaging with everybody and sharing stories.

[SPEAKER_14]
Well, why don't we bring on the founder or one of the co-founders of Rescue the Republic, Matt Toon.
Matt Toon, welcome to VSRF Live.
It is so good to see you and have you here tonight.

[SPEAKER_11]
Hey, Livio.
It's great to be here.
Hey, Steve.

[SPEAKER_14]
Hey, Matt.
Good to see you.

[SPEAKER_11]
Good to see you too.

[SPEAKER_14]
So I want to just really quick run through the lineup before I let you and Steve talk a little bit about the upcoming event.
And here it is, just so everyone has, this is a rough layout of the schedule, as you can see on the screen.
It's a current order of speakers, performers,
and artists during the day.
We're going to have a pre-show from 8 to 11 30 in the morning that includes some sound checks and other little podcasts and other activities.
But the main event starts at noon and runs till about 7, 7 30 p.m. during the day.
Matt, you want to talk a little bit about this collection of incredible people?

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, I mean, look, I can't talk about Rescue the Republic without talking about Steve Kirsch.
Steve, you know that you were the brainchild and the godfather of Defeat the Mandates, DC and LA.
And really what happened was after we did Defeat the Mandates in LA, I said to myself, I said, you know what, this isn't over.
And I said, why don't we combine the medical freedom movement with the anti-war movement?
And that's when I joined forces with Angela McCardell
the chair of the Libertarian Party.
And at that time we connected with Dr. Brett Weinstein at the INC convention in Austin in the spring of last year.
And we came up with this idea, it was originally called Defeat, I'm sorry, not Defeat the Mandates, Defend the West.
It's funny, I've been saying Defeat the West, Defeat the Republic, because it's just that it's there.
No, we don't want to Defeat the West.
But we came up originally with Defend the West,
And the whole idea was that we had to take our country and we're seeing what's happening.
We're seeing, you can see it, especially in the UK and Europe, the totalitarian, the state is encroaching on the rights of individuals and they try to do it with COVID.
Now it's happening with censorship.
We see it happening with our border and we're essentially losing the values that founded our country.
And so that's where we said, we've got to bring all this together.
And we came up with these eight pillars, which we'll talk about.
And medical freedom is at the very top of that, along with censorship.
And we thought about doing this a month before the election.
We didn't want to do it too close, but too far out.
And we wanted to do it in a way that would bring people together that normally have not gotten together.
And I think when you look at this lineup,
It's a lineup that I think it's a rare lineup to see all together on one stage.
And it's not your typical, let's just say conservative, more of a right-wing event.
It's really right down the middle.
Most of these folks are former liberals.
In fact, I would say they're still liberals.
We'll just say the goalpost has moved.
And now what used to be liberal is considered to be conservative.
It kind of doesn't make sense.
I've been a conservative all my life, and now I find myself being a liberal.
But what does that mean?
It really means about fighting for the liberation of our citizens and the Constitution.
And that's what's under attack right now.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah, it looks like a really great lineup of speakers, but they all have one thing in common, right?
They all find that the COVID vaccines are unsafe.
So you don't really have as diverse a population as you might have indicated when you were talking about it, right?
So I mean, I was looking through the list.
I'm looking for like, who is the on that list?
Is there anyone who is who is a pro COVID vaccine?
or pro vaccines in general?

[SPEAKER_11]
No.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah.
OK. OK.
So I saw I did find something in common.

[SPEAKER_11]
Right.
Yeah, that is true.

[SPEAKER_13]
But that did you try inviting anyone from the other side to speak at this rally?
It would have been really interesting.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah.
I mean, we talked we talked about it.
And but the idea was
There's just no one on the other side that's going to want to support, I would say, not one of these pillars, which is absolutely bonkers.

[SPEAKER_13]
And of course, we can't talk about it, can we?
No.
Or they won't talk about it.
But you didn't reach out to anyone, did you?

[SPEAKER_11]
No.

[SPEAKER_13]
We would have been open to it.
Yeah.
So what do you expect in terms of crowd sizes?

[SPEAKER_11]
So we've been given that question a lot, and this is where I'm coming at it, is we had approximately 40,000 people at the Lincoln Memorial on January 23rd, 2022 for Defeat the Mandates DC.
You look at the lineup we have now, we have 10 times the star power.
We have three times the Twitter size.
So we had, I think we were going into Defeat the Mandates DC, we were around 10,000.
And we're closing in on 30,000 right now.
Just today, Elon commented for the first time on our video.
So he took, so we had the rescue, you know, at rescue Republic, that's our Twitter handle.
And we have the post that shows the video that says, Hey, it's time to rescue the public.
And we have Mickey Willis's video there.
And just today, Elon said, yes, indeed we do.
So we've got his attention.
We're actually, we've been trying to get a hold of him for a while.
So if anyone knows him, spread the word, but he is invited.
And it's possible that we might have a conversation with his CEO, Linda Iaccarino, in the next 24 hours.
So we're trying to get X involved, but we do have some great news.
Mario Nalfall, his X handle, his X channel, will be live streaming this entire event.
along with other places, but we're excited to have that X presence.
So back to the numbers.
Based off of our Twitter size, our star power, and also let's think about the X spaces.
If anyone joined our X spaces, we had the last two Saturdays.
The first Saturday, so two weeks ago, we had Glenn Beck, RFK Jr., Tulsi Gabbard, we had
Dr. Brett Weinstein, Dr. Jordan Peterson, Matt Taibbi, and we had 1.9 people tune in for that three-hour x-spaces.
So you take those kind of numbers.

[SPEAKER_13]
1.9, that's almost two people.
1.9.
I thought it was 1.9 people.
I thought it was slightly under two people.

[SPEAKER_11]
No, I'm sorry, 1.9 million.

[SPEAKER_13]
Ah, OK. That's much better than two.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, I'm thinking we're going to get
uh, between 50 to 60,000, if not, if not more.

[SPEAKER_13]
Now this event is being held outdoors or where is it?
Where's it being held?

[SPEAKER_11]
It is.
So it's, the stage is just Northeast.

[SPEAKER_13]
Cause I don't think you can get anybody indoors, uh, for, for that size, unless it's in a big stadium or.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, it's stretching out between the, the world war two Memorial and the Washington monument, that, that whole mall area.

[SPEAKER_13]
Awesome, so not too far from where we were before.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, very close.
In fact, we were looking at the Lincoln Memorial, but it's under construction.

[SPEAKER_13]
Great.
Anything else that...
I see a comment saying 100,000.

[SPEAKER_11]
Someone's saying 100,000 more.

[SPEAKER_13]
I hope so.
Can you still register?
And what is the cost?

[SPEAKER_11]
cost.
Freedom is free.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know it is.
And how much would a ticket cost?
I know it is.
But if there were tickets to it, what would it cost?
Easily for a festival like this, between five times August, skill it.
We have Tennessee Jet.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah, yeah.
For good seats.
We have at least $3,500 a ticket.

[SPEAKER_11]
Come on.
And then you've got Russell Brand, Jordan Peterson, Tulsi Gabbard, RFK Jr., Matt Taibbi, Brett Weinstein, Jimmy Dore, Tyler Fisher.
Tyler Fisher is killing it.
Tyler Fisher.
Yeah, he's killing it right now.
He's on tour.
He was on Rogan.
My favorite.
Yeah.
I love Tyler.
He's introducing Jordan Peterson.
I'm begging him to do a Jordan Peterson impersonation.
We'll see if that happens.

[SPEAKER_13]
And we'll see whether the audience can tell the difference.

[SPEAKER_11]
So is it free for everyone or what's the, is there an admission price or what?
It's completely free and there's actually no registration.
If you want to sign up for email updates, because we are sending updates as we get closer, go on to our website, but beyond that, just show up.

[SPEAKER_13]
Okay, so anybody, any website selling tickets for $3,500 a pop for this event, those are fraudulent, those people are spreading misinformation, is that right?

[SPEAKER_11]
Those are FETs.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah, okay.
So if you had any kind of speaking at the feds, have you had any any kind of issues in terms of not being able to get a permit or, you know, any kind of pushback or you have to wear masks or like, well, what wasn't it like you had to be vaccinated last time?
Yeah, last time.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, that was a problem in D.C. We couldn't get into the bars or restaurants.
And I remember
Um, I think pure Corey had to pay off one of the bouncers to get us in to the bar afterwards.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah.
Um, you know, the, uh, bring, bring your fake Vax card.

[SPEAKER_11]
We've had, we've had some issues with the permit.
Uh, you know, I mean, there's always some red tape.
We've gotten through that.
Um,

[SPEAKER_13]
So everything's good to go.
We're not going to be canceled at the last minute.

[SPEAKER_11]
Even if we're canceled, we're going to be there.
So First Amendment right.
You saw the end of Mickey Willis's video.
It's our right to peacefully assemble.
And that's what we're going to do.

[SPEAKER_13]
So can people still get hotel rooms and it's not too late?

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah.
Go to our website, jointheresistance.org, jointheresistance.org info.
And we've got a ton of links to hotels in the area.

[SPEAKER_13]
Awesome.

[SPEAKER_11]
And we're going to create a moment guys.
This is a moment in time where we, as a people say, this is our culture.
This is what we believe.
And we are the majority.
And I think that's the idea here, is by taking song, music, comedy, laugh, and then these TEDx talks, these brief speeches, the idea is that we're gonna come across and show the world that what we believe, these eight pillars, are actually common sense.
There's nothing controversial.
There's not one thing controversial in those eight pillars.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah.
And I want to share those in a little while.

[SPEAKER_11]
And someone asks, what's the goal?
You know what the goal truly is?
The goal truly is, is to get people off their butts that don't normally vote and to vote.
Get off, you have to vote.
If you don't vote, then we're going to lose our country.
And we're talking to what we call the movable middle, folks that traditionally don't vote.
They're neither left or right, and they're apathetic.
And we believe that when they see these messages of hope, but they also see the messages of saying where we're going, they're going to say, you know what, maybe it is time for me to make a difference.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yep.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, I want to bring on our next guest, Lara Logan, if she's ready backstage.
Lara, you're going to have to unmute yourself when I bring you on here.
And Lara, welcome to VSRF Live.
It's great to have you back.
And you're still muted.
Just hit the little microphone icon and click on that and it'll unmute you.

[SPEAKER_13]
Right under your picture.
Right under your video image.
No, not that one.
The other one.
It's on the screen.
Oh, microphone button.
We can't hear you.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, you're still muted.
Time for sign language.
While she's doing that, Steve, let me go ahead and read Laura's bio.
Laura Logan has reported from some of the most dangerous and pivotal regions around the world, including Pakistan, Iraq, Afghanistan, Israel, Palestine and Egypt.
Lara was one of the few journalists on the ground in Baghdad when the US military entered the city, reporting live from the square as the statue of Saddam Hussein fell, an iconic moment in history.
She was also a fearless foreign correspondent for 60 minutes, earning her a reputation for bold and unflinching coverage.
We were incredibly proud to have her join us at Defeat the Mandates in Los Angeles,
And her voice continues to inspire so many of us in the fight for truth and freedom.
And we are thrilled to welcome her back.
And just on cue, she is now unmuted.
Welcome to VSRF Live, Lara.
How are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_10]
I'm good.
Thank you very much for having me.

[SPEAKER_14]
So you were in Iraq and one of the big pillars for rescue the Republic is the war is always the last resort versus the military industrial complex.
And I wanted to get your take on what inspired you to join this lineup.

[SPEAKER_10]
Well, I mean, first of all, I was lucky enough, honestly, to be part of Defeat the Mandates, which I just thought was one of the best events I'd ever been to in my life.
I've described it to people, you know, when I've been telling people about this one, I said, you have to come to this.
These events are magical, because the greatest thing about them, to me, is that
All of that misinformation and honestly, deliberate deception, it just falls away when you find yourself shoulder to shoulder with people who truly represent the heart and soul of this country.
There is obviously, there's black people there, there's white people there, there's Hispanic people there, and it doesn't matter to anyone.
I remember this giant Irish New York firefighter standing on the stage next to this little obviously gay firefighter woman from San Francisco, right?
who were united by the vaccine mandates because it was one of those things that rose above partisan politics and allowed people to see the truth.
And my whole life has been about finding ways to do that, to rise above the politics and see the truth.
And it's painful for me to be cast as alt-right and far-right and all the other nonsense that they write about me because none of that is true.
It never has been true.
It never will be true.
And I'm kind of like, you said at the beginning of this that
One of the things that unites a lot of the people who are involved in this is that they grew up as, you know, liberal or basically open-minded, right?
I've never been one for political definitions.
And I grew up free of the Democrat-Republican kind of trap because I grew up in Africa.
But I believed in, let me see, tolerance, justice,
equality, I mean, integrity, character, personal responsibility, I mean, free speech, the First Amendment, I mean, all of these things that really belong to every single one of us as human beings.
And how does that relate to your, you know, the original premise of your question was to ask me about the wars.
Well, some people might see me as, you know, sort of a war baby, right?
Because I was a war correspondent for CBS News, and I was the chief foreign correspondent,
I did a lot of war reporting for 60 minutes and it's so interesting to me because some people make the assumption that you're and they try to label me as being pro-war which is ridiculous because anyone who's ever been to war as I have not just in Iraq and Afghanistan but many years before that in Angola and Mozambique and the civil wars there and growing up in South Africa and the fight against apartheid you know I was in the war in the townships
And when you watch someone being hacked to death and have a tie up put on them and them being set alight and watch them burn to death, how can you ever be pro-war, right?
You're not pro-war.
If you have any shred of human decency, you don't advocate for that kind of pain and suffering.
But at the same time, I am also
I'm not in favor of sending people to war in my name without any understanding of what it is they're being asked to do.
So why did I gravitate towards war zones?
Well, because I felt that when people go to fight in your name,
We all deserve the truth, the people on the ground, the people in that country or that city or wherever they are, the soldiers being sent to fight, the voters being asked to back them, the elected officials being asked to pass resolutions and vote and send money, the taxpayers who are working to finance that.
I mean, I don't think there's anything more fundamental than wanting to know the truth about what's really happening in your name, right?
And so that's why I went to these places also
You know, people used to look at me and mock me, and they loved to do that, right?
I mean, I had my time working at CNN, which was, quite frankly, absolute torture.
And everybody treated me like, oh, you know, Barbie goes to war.
She's not going to last five seconds.
Well, let me tell you, I grew up in Africa, OK?
And I, at 14 years old, would go into the bush with a friend of mine who was a ranger.
And I wouldn't see electricity or a bed or anything for a week voluntarily.
I did that for fun.
So, you know, I was raised as a little girl.
We had a house on the ocean.
no electricity, and we would sleep in a room full of bunk beds and cockroaches, quite frankly.
You know, because those things flew in, there was nothing you could do about it in Africa.
So people underestimated me all the time, and they still do.
And I don't care about that anymore, but I think what Matt said is at the heart of all of this, which is that
This is the most important election in our lifetimes, not just in the United States, but in every part of the world.
And any time you can bring together RFK Junior and Tulsi Gabbard and Charlie Kirk, you subvert the false narrative that we are divided.
We've never been divided.
You go all over this country, all over the world, as I do, and I ask people all the time, how many genders are there?
A 21-year-old black girl in Dallas,
was my waitress a few days ago.
And I asked her that question and she said two.
And she looked at me like, you're an idiot, there's two.
We all know there's only two genders.
You know, just like we all know that we get lied to all the time and dragged into wars that we have no business being part of.
Or for example, as I've reported extensively, you go to war in Afghanistan, you loiter on the objective for more than 20 years,
more than 20 years and you only use less than 10 percent of your advanced military capability.
Why do you do that?
Because you're not trying to win, you're trying to prolong the war.
And anyone in this country who puts their son or daughter in harm's way, right, who stands by while they go and join the military and
They believe that their commanders and their leaders, their elected leaders and their journalists, they believe they all share the same collective responsibility about being honest, about what they're doing there, why they're doing it, and so on.
So my life,
My role in this is I'm pretty damn good at getting to places nobody else can get to because I'm tenacious, you know, and I don't take no for an answer.
And I also I'm not afraid.
I'm not afraid to confront my fear.
I'm not I don't I'm not absent fear.
I'm not some freak of nature.
I'm just human.
I like everybody else.
But I have been filled with an overwhelming sense of how much the truth matters from as far back as I have memories.
And so you're not going to stop me from getting there.
If it matters, I'm going to get there.
And I'm not going to do it.
I'm going to do it with integrity and I'm going to do it with respect, by the way, which you would be amazed at how successful that is.
Because in spite of all the different ways they've tried to get rid of me, I'm still standing.
And you know what?
I've never been off my feet, not once, not for a moment.
And I'm never going to be off my feet.
So for me, these events that you guys created that I didn't create, but I was just honestly, I mean, Steve, you were there, Matt, you were there.
I mean, it was amazing to see all of these people come together and you see the false narrative just disintegrate before your eyes.
And it's like it's so uplifting.
And I love it.
I love to be part of it.
And it's, you know, it's hard for me.
I'm leaving my family.
I'm worried about security.
I'm traveling halfway across the country.
We're not being paid to do this.
You know, but we all know and understand that we have one chance.
I don't believe if we do not, if the values of freedom and individual liberty and everything that goes along with that, the Constitution, the Republic, all the things that have made this country what it really is, which is not democracy, by the way.
Democracy has not made this country what it is.
If all those things mean anything to you, then you will understand this is the one moment in your life where you need to get off your butt and do every single thing humanly possible to fight for what you believe in.

[SPEAKER_14]
Amen.
Well said.
So well said.
And here are the eight pillars that this event stands on.
And I'd love to hear both you and Matt speak a little bit about these pillars.

[SPEAKER_10]
I love these pillars, by the way.
Who came up with them?

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah.
You know what?
This was a joint project between myself, Angela McCardell, the chair of the Libertarian Party and Brett Weinstein.

[SPEAKER_10]
So good man, Brett, he's the one I know.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, we took, it took us about six weeks to come up with this.
Um, and, um, yeah, we, we centered around these eight industrial complexes, right?
And then out of those eight industrial complexes, we said, this is how this statement is how we move through them.
Right.
Um, and so.
You know, they're so fundamental to what a constitutional republic requires.

[SPEAKER_10]
So what's the first one, Matt?

[SPEAKER_11]
The military industrial complex, right?
War is always the last resort.
Right.
Or as Mickey says, break our addiction to war.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, I don't think we're really addicted to war.
You know, if you go around, actually, you don't find that people are addicted to war.
They've just been so lied to, you know, about why, like, for example, we were always told, you know, they couldn't find these Al-Qaeda leaders.
They couldn't find Osama bin Laden.
I just want to say to you that if you believe that, you may as well be brain dead, because this is the country that has
heat-seeking thermal drones that are stealth, okay?
So you can send your stealth drones with facial recognition software and voice recognition software.
You could literally eliminate the entire leadership of the Taliban and al-Qaeda overnight without setting a foot on the ground.
So this idea that if you oppose handing over a country like Afghanistan to our terrorist enemies, that you're somehow pro-war or advocating for endless war,
No, no, no, those are false choices.
So I'm glad to see the military industrial complex there because that does need to be broken down without any shadow of a doubt.
These people are profiting and they are lying to us and they are using war as a weapon.
against not just the people that we go to war with, but against the people of this country.
And in fact, I just want to draw your attention to something that broke yesterday and today, but is going to be coming out more and more because there's a lot more to it.
Right now, there has been intercepted an operation where nine surface-to-air missiles from Iran have been brought over the southern border.
This is coming out of New Mexico, actually.
And there are three kill teams that are meant to receive those.
And this is a plot, supposedly, to shoot down Trump's plane.
This is the next assassination attempt.
And what is that an excuse to do, right?
Because, of course, it's an excuse.
If they were successful in taking down Trump's plane, well, then they would have every justification they need for bombing Iran.
And hey, presto, we're back in another war, right?
So I mean, there's a there's a very real effort by the military industrial complex to avoid accountability for what they've been doing for decades to the American people.
So it's I'm glad you have this one first, because that is very, very important and very relevant to the situation we're in right now.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, you know, and I'll just briefly mention that I I was in the Marine Corps.
I was in.
Yeah, I was an infantry officer for
Nine years active duty and another 11 years in the reserves.
And I gotta say that before COVID, I had no idea that the military industrial complex existed.

[SPEAKER_14]
While you were in the military.

[SPEAKER_11]
I had no idea.
I grew up, my father was a top gun pilot in the Navy.
So I spent 18 years as a kid going from base to base.
And I always thought that we needed to have a strong military, that we needed to send our troops to these wars, send money and create these bases all over the world to protect us and to continue to fund these wars.
It was just part of my DNA.
And I didn't wake up until COVID, until I started to realize that everything that I knew was a lie.

[SPEAKER_14]
How many
How many of your brothers in the military do you think, percentage-wise maybe?
Right, Steve, you like percentages maybe?
That woke up like you did, Matt.

[SPEAKER_11]
I would say over 50%.
Really?
If not 60%.

[SPEAKER_13]
That's impressive.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, all of my buddies are now staunchly, these are all former Marine officers, every one of them is anti-war now.
And we believe exactly what this pillar says, that war is always the last resort.
And we look back at, you know, I lost several friends in Iraq and Afghanistan.
And I look back and I ask myself, why?
Why did Rick Gannon, who left four children, he died in Huseba on April 14th, I'm sorry, April 17th, 2004, okay?
And by the way, since then, his middle child died from a heroin overdose.
His wife, his widow has never found another partner.
Look at that family, and they lost their father for what?
For what reason?
And it turns out it was for nothing.
Absolutely nothing.
And we talk about during the national anthem and we get excited about, oh, we're fighting for our country.
These soldiers, these Marines, they're here to protect us.
But when you look at these wars, they weren't protecting us.
They were basically cannon fodder.
Cannon fodder for Raytheon,
Boeing, Grumman, and all these other military industrial corporations.

[SPEAKER_10]
You know, Matt, I would say to you, we hear a lot about the greatest generation with the Second World War, but you know, if you look a little more closely at the Second World War,
It doesn't look that different to Iraq and Afghanistan either.
Explain to me why with Operation Paperclip, you being declassified, anyone who's taken the time to go through those papers and read them, or the finder's papers, you know, from the FBI, look at that.
Look at the fact that the bodies were not even buried in outfits.
when the US government had already decided not to share the reality with the public, and it took Eisenhower and Patton going against their orders and letting journalists into the camps, while they were doing that, while people were still even trying to come to terms with the absolutely
unprecedented scale of mass murder.
The CIA was already, the precursor to the CIA, our intelligence apparatus, was already bringing the Nazis responsible for this to the United States to have safe passage, safe haven, to bring their families, get jobs for life,
be sprinkled throughout the most secretive parts of the United States government, you know, from the space agency to the intelligence agencies, to Fort Detrick, Maryland, where they continued the Nazi programs of biological warfare and MKLTRA and so on and so on?
I mean, where do you think all these things came from?
And who were they protected by?
The United States government.
And who, by the way, gave them safe passage and passports?
Oh yeah, that would be the Red Cross.
Okay, the Red Cross.
So talk about, you know, growing up and everything you believed in was a lie.
If you believe the Red Cross was really there to protect people and to save people, this great, noble, neutral agency, you know, it's not just the United States military, right?
I mean, for me, I understand you as a soldier wore the uniform and, you know, and how that looks to you.
But for me as a student of history and as a journalist trying to step back and understand it all,
I want to know how we protected all the Ukrainian Nazis from Nuremberg.
The CIA did that.
Alan Dulles did that.
When, oh yeah, where was the SS headquartered?
Western Ukraine.
The headquarters of the Nazi SS.
So how far back does this really go, right?
That we've been manipulated.
So on the one hand, there is something very real and noble to me in the US flag and the national anthem.
And I do believe that our founding fathers and people throughout history, I don't believe that their deaths were meaningless.
But at the same time, I do believe that we have failed each other and failed ourselves.
And most importantly,
Our leadership has failed all of us because when the founding fathers wrote, you know, a government of the people, for the people and by the people, it was not a bumper sticker.
Okay.
That actually meant something, but we have come to, you know, we've grown up in a time where people think they're smarter than us.
and more entitled than us and can rule over us and that when the people stand up and say we're not doing this anymore we're not going to die for you in your wars we're not going to do a false flag event by the way and play into your hands
We're also not going to continue to be your slaves.
Now is the time.
This is what you will see at Defeat the Mandate.
I mean, not Defeat the Mandate, Rescue the Republic.
This is what you will see.
This is what you will see if you come to the event, which I really hope you do.
You know, what you will see is the people standing up and standing together and saying, you know what, yeah, no, we're actually, we actually are exercising our rights.
We're doing it peacefully.
We're doing it lawfully.
And most importantly, we're doing it together because we stand united in this country and all over the world, actually.
We stand united and we're not going to be manipulated or deceived by you any longer.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, and I think, you know, I know we're going to bring up Brad in a little bit, rescues from us from Phytum's August.
Jordan Peterson said last week during Deck Spaces, he said, what's different about Rescue the Public is that we're bringing in music and entertainment to create a vibration and a spirit that comes forth on the stage and that actually carries a message in a way that I think will reach people's subconscious.
Yeah, look at what we're doing.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, I want to bring on Matt.
He's been, I'm sorry, Brad.
Brad's guest in this five times August.
Welcome, Brad.
How are you this evening?
Great, good to see everybody.
Great to see you.
Hey Brad.
Hey Brad.
Can't wait to see you on Sunday.
You have been probably one of the most outspoken through your music, through your art.
I mean, when I saw Sad Little Man the first time, it was incredible how you actually, through art and music, can just encapsulate what's going on with all of your music that you've been putting out since COVID began.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, I mean, it's been a journey, that's for sure.
You know, it was scary at first, you know, taking that step and saying things I was never saying before.
I've been a singer-songwriter for 20 years prior to COVID.
Five Times August was a band I started when I was right out of high school.
So I had a whole career behind me of touring and song placements and songs on movies and TV shows and this whole vast array of fans.
And then COVID hits and I'm like, waiting for you know, my heroes to speak up all these, you know, total badass rock and rollers that are supposed to be anti establishment and none of them.
I'm still waiting.
Right?
Yeah.
Yeah.
So waiting even today.
still waiting even today, you know, that's, that's why Van Morrison did that song.

[SPEAKER_10]
Where have all the rebels gone?

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah.
We, you know, out of that whole generation that that's what we got.
We got Van Morrison and Eric Clapton and that's it.
That's it.
That's those are the guys.
And then the rest of us were indie guys, you know, we weren't really tethered to any
contracts or made your record labels and it kind of, I realized like that's where God placed me, you know, all the things, all the opportunities that I may have felt like I lost previously throughout that 20 year journey leading up to COVID.
I think it was strategically, you know, and divinely planned to be in that head space, to be that artist, to feel free enough to just say, you know what, I'll say these things.
You know, I was thinking about my kids and
you know, them growing up and then looking back at me and like, that was a crazy time, dad, you know, what did you do during that time?
And I felt like I had a responsibility to say something through my music.
And, you know, I wrote one song, it all started because I wrote this song called God help us all, which is the first song that I released in this sort of, this sort of era.
And it was kind of a prayer and it's kind of a long song and it's five minutes.
I thought that that would kind of be like my one say on the whole thing.
And all of a sudden I was losing fans over here, but this other influx of people were coming in saying, thank you so much for saying that.
It let me know I wasn't alone.
And it made me realize I needed to continue writing these kinds of songs to let people know they're not alone.
They are letting me know I'm not alone.
And so I kind of described it as enlisting my songs for this time.
And throughout the last
Um, you know, so then you find out, you know, you go to an event like defeat the mandates.
I was at the first to defeat the mandates.
And, um, and like Laura was saying, it was so eye opening and uplifting.
And I left the first one in DC going, we've already won.
I was like, oh my gosh, like, we just have to keep fighting.
This is like, look at what we just did together.
And that fight has continued.
The difference is now there's so much more at risk that has revealed itself.
The veil has been lifted time and time again.
Each week, it's another thing.
And so people's eyes are opening up.
And I just find that my offering in this moment is music.
And that's where I stay focused and just try to tap into something that needs to be said at that specific time.
It's been quite a journey, like I said, but I'm excited to come play at Rescue the Republic.
It's going to be an amazing day.
You're flying in.

[SPEAKER_11]
Aren't you flying in from another concert?
Tell us about that.

[SPEAKER_15]
I am.
Well, I had another event scheduled that I'll be at in North Carolina, actually South Carolina.
It's right across the border of North Carolina.
It's actually a big prepper camp event.
And I've gone there the last two years.
And it's a beautiful group of people.
I was going to be there that weekend and then this date came up and I was like, okay, well, I play Saturday here.
I can make it if I fly out the next morning.
I was looking at flights and Matt, you asked me to be a part of this months and months ago and I remember seeing you.
Yeah, I mean, I remember seeing you at the Plan-Demic after party, Plan-Demic 3 after party, and you were like, we're going to do it again.
And I was like, I'm in.

[SPEAKER_11]
We're bringing the game back together.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, yeah.
And it's awesome because there's a
like you said, like the caliber and the energy and the just everything is has been amplified.
You know, now we have four years of everything that we've done.
And it's just very exciting.
It really is a moment to do something like, you know, I think, Matt, were you saying that it was you wanted to be like a Woodstock?

[SPEAKER_11]
This is Woodstock 2.0.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, and that's the responsibility that I think that I felt as an artist in music.
Music hasn't had this responsibility, this moment since the 60s, to really affect culture in that way, to get people thinking.
And it's great to do it in a way that it's not just music.
All these different people from different backgrounds, speakers and comedians,
bands and musicians, songwriters.
It's going to be an amazing day and I can't wait to get out there and see everybody.

[SPEAKER_10]
What are you playing, Brad?
Do you know?
Can you say?

[SPEAKER_15]
I'm still figuring that out.
I've got a brand new song actually, let me plug myself, but I got a new song coming out tomorrow at midnight tonight called Counterfeit World.
So I'll probably play that and then I'm kind of figuring out what I'm going to do for the second one.
We'll see.
I don't want to do any spoilers.
Keep us surprised a little bit.
Yeah, yeah.

[SPEAKER_10]
Well, you know I'm one of your biggest fans ever.

[SPEAKER_15]
I know that.
And I'm so grateful for your support over the last few years.
Your intro, the words you said before I came out on stage at Defeat the Mandates in Los Angeles, just the nicest intro anybody's ever given me in my life.
And these events have just been so incredible.
Everybody here on this panel right now, all that work in bringing people together and
Like we're actually, we really are changing things.
And you look at where we were four years ago, three years ago, and how far we've come.
And it does feel like more has been piled on, but our power, we're plowing through it quicker and we're getting stronger as we go.
So it's going to be tremendous.

[SPEAKER_13]
Absolutely.

[SPEAKER_14]
I'm going to ask this question to our gallery here about, and Matt, you mentioned this earlier, that it's so important to vote in this election.
And we probably all know a lot of people that suffer from what is known as TDS.
Trump derangement syndrome.
Trump derangement syndrome.
How do you reconcile for the people that really suffer from that?
I mean, we probably need some sort of injectable for it.
Maybe we can get behind that one.
Yeah, there you go.
I've got a vaccine.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_11]
I love to take that one first.
Yep.
Because I, you know, I'm still
We'll see how much longer, but I'm still working at NBC in ad sales.
And so I'm surrounded by a lot of people who hate Trump.
And in fact, I'm on a work trip right now.
And last night we were having dinner and this kid across the table had a MAGA hat on and my colleague, she just completely, she was losing it, you know?
What I've told people is I'm like, you're not voting for him.
You're not voting for him.
What you're voting for are policies and for frankly, this dream team that he's assembled, right?
That can finally carry across the finish line policies that we know will help turn our country around.
Trump's going to be there for four years, right?
So that's it.
So it's not about him, it's about the policies that will be enacted while he's there, you know?
And I look back at some of my bosses throughout, whether it be the Marine Corps or through Coup America, a lot of them were assholes, right?
It's interesting how no one cared as long as they got the job done.
Like, it was never an issue.
In fact, those guys, they get promoted.
So it's interesting how this guy who, maybe he's an a-hole, but for the most part, I'd say most of us here think that the policies or the people that he surrounds himself with, I think that's the most important, are fighting for our rights and to end this censorship, to end this military industrial complex.
to give parental rights, right?
Where parents have the rights to make decisions for the children and not the state.
And for me, one of the most important things is to create a rational policy around the border, right?
We're being invaded right now.
God knows what and who are coming across and we'll know pretty soon.
So that's what I talk about.
Talk about policy, it's not about personality.
And then say, well, what policies do you support over there?
And then they can't really come up with anything.
So to me, that's the answer.

[SPEAKER_10]
Brad, do you want to say something?

[SPEAKER_15]
Uh, sure.
I mean, I was, I, I was pretty fatigued, honestly, um, politically on, on who's out there, candidates, my concerns and issues with things, um, right up until, um, Kennedy came on board with make America healthy again.
And that I, what I saw in that moment was a way.
was unity, you know, and people coming together.
Even in our community of medical freedom, you know, there are different little, it kind of gets parsed up in certain ways.
And what I saw there was for people, you know, to come together and focus on a bigger thing.
And where I ultimately landed was, you know,
You have to meet the moment where it's at.
There's a lot of things we all wish were different.
We're not going to change them right now at this moment, but what's our best bet in changing those things?
You know, like Matt said, there's a team of people coming together.
And I think that this event really represents what the future of what we're working for looks like.
And as a musician, I've been to all these different musicians and sorry, as a musician, I've been to all these different, all these different musicians, all these different events over the last four years.
And they're different events.
It's not just political events.
It's not like I said, I'm going to this prepper camp.
I've gone to other kind of camp out events, concerts that have events and stuff.
And so I sort of see these different pods of what all very like-minded people, but with different varying degrees of how they think the world should look.
But ultimately it's all very similar.
And what I've seen over the last four years is a beautiful world that I know we're all sort of working towards once these things align.
And you have to think what's our best bet of getting there.
It's not gonna be exactly how you want it.
So you don't have to be too stubborn about it, but you have to start molding it and figure out how we can get there.
But kind of put me on the spot there.
I wasn't sure what to say.

[SPEAKER_10]
Well, I want to build on what Matt said there, because it is really about policies.
For me, this election is really about policies.
It's never been, for me, about one person, because it was so obvious that when the people chose a candidate that did not fit and was not accepted by the establishment or the intelligence agencies,
Then it was all out war against the people.
So I never saw this as being about Trump.
And as a journalist, the frustration for me is that you start to recognize the patterns of information warfare.
And you see how people are being manipulated.
It's very basic, simple things.
So if you focus on someone's personality, everything negative about someone's personality, if 99% of your reporting is about that every single day, people are gonna be focused on that personality.
If you split that 50-50, okay, let's look at policy, let's look at personality, whatever it happens to be is very, very simple, basic methods of manipulation.
And when you, for example, you know, if you have one half of the country that never sees a Trump rally, because like in 2020, most of the mainstream media didn't cover it, and then you're a Trump supporter and you're looking at the rallies online and you see
more people than you've ever seen at political rallies in your lifetime.
And then you see the election results come out and you wonder why.
It doesn't matter how many judges prevent this from going into court.
You'll never convince those people
that soul, the support with their own eyes, they'll never convince them that someone who was in their basement most of the time or appeared occasionally with a couple of rings around the nine supporters at the rally actually garnered more votes than anyone else in history.
I mean, it's not even credible, right?
So what I see is in informational warfare terms, I see the country being artificially divided and separated because most of us don't want to be lied to, even if you've got
terminal cancer, you'd rather have the last few weeks of your life to deal with the reality than be lied to, right?
I mean, you don't want to have terminal cancer, but who would choose to be deceived in that moment, not most people?
So for me, what's very frustrating about TDS is that you see a lot of good people, a lot of smart people playing right into the hands of those who want them,
to be completely blinded by emotion and hatred.
And you know that this is the case because when you start to talk to people and you try to break down what it's really about, they very often get freaked out and start to yell and scream or get very emotional and they can't have a conversation.
And it's because you're asking them to confront the fact that almost everything that they are relying on
is a lie.
Now, you know, Matt, you talked about coming to that point on your own during COVID, right?
I mean, we've all had a journey of getting to that point.
You know, Brad, you've had your own journey.
Steve, you as well, right?
I mean, weren't you a Democrat?
A big Democrat donor, Steve, before all this?
So we've all had our own journey and we've had time to get there.
But now you're asking a parent who gave their child a life-threatening medical experimental drug
to accept the fact that they could have shortened their child's life, or maybe even killed their child, or been responsible for the injury to their child, or you're asking people to face their own death, right?
I mean, for me as a journalist, I'm in a movie called Into the Light by Mike Smith, who did the movie Out of Shadows, and there's a moment in that movie
This movie is basically about how we've been lied to and manipulated, how you have all these three-led agencies on one side, NSA, CIA, DIA, so on and so on.
And then what do you have on the other side?
You have more three-led agencies, CBS, ABC, NBC, NPR.
I mean, you know, CNN, and if you look, for example, at CBS, founded by a naval intelligence officer, right?
So how much of that was manipulation?
And there's a moment where, you know, Mike Smith says to me, because he came out of Hollywood very successful, and he says, you know, who's your, basically, who's your handler, which is all these other three-letter agencies, CAA, UTA, and so on and so on, right?
And you start to, and there's a moment where sort of I realized, wow, okay,
I can see that.
And Mike always says to me, this is such a powerful moment in the movie.
And I'm like, Mike, you realize that, I mean, because he says, you're so honest about facing the fact that you were used, right?
I mean, for many years, I was used.
And I say, yes, I understand that it's a powerful moment, but Mike, you need to understand something, right?
I lay in the dirt in Tahrir Square in Egypt being gang raped and sodomized and beaten almost to death.
I did that when I was working for 60 minutes.
That's how much, how passionate I was, how much I believed.
I was four and a half months pregnant in sewage canals in Afghanistan with body armor on.
I was 10 months pregnant on the border of Afghanistan and Pakistan at 10,000 feet at a forward operating base on counter Al Qaeda operations, right?
I mean, now you're asking to invalidate all of that by saying, you know, you were just a tool.
that was being used.
And I want people to understand I never reported anything that I know what I reported was true.
I never knowingly reported anything that wasn't true.
But it was very useful to them to have a powerful voice from the front lines that told real human stories and
Got people engaged in the war because it served their purpose, right?
It served a greater purpose than my own.
So when you ask people, people I think hide behind to some degree, people hide behind TDS because it's easier to hate Trump than to confront the truth.
And the truth asks us to act.
It puts an obligation on us.
There's a lot of people that want to say, well, I hate Trump because he put babies in cages.
And we've got a much more humane open border policy right now.
Well, you need to confront the fact that hundreds of thousands of unaccompanied minors
have come here and they have not come to the American dream.
They haven't come to a better life.
They're being trafficked and raped and enslaved either as late, you know, working in terrible conditions for no money.
Most of the money taken from them or they're being raped and tortured.
to death.
And I'm talking about, there are officials all across this country, like the head of family and child services in Florida, who is an African American woman.
And I'm only saying that because you can't accuse her of racism.
And she'll tell you that less than 10% of the kids, unaccompanied minors, coming into her city in Florida, less than 10% are going to family members.
The rest are all going to be trafficked.
More than 90%.
are being raped and tortured and murdered every day in this country and if you accept and you face the truth about that and you realize that what you're doing is not more humane in fact it's inhumane then you're obliged you can't just keep going on with your normal life you can't just act like this isn't happening and it doesn't oh child trafficking oh yeah so hundreds of thousands of kids are raped every year by the most evil people imaginable who
feel nothing to chain a three-year-old child inside a cupboard and torture them every day?
What?
Are you kidding me?
So it requires us.
It puts an end to that life that we had, where you can go on vacation and you can worry about the things that we all used to worry about.
What does my children's future look like?
What is my children's future look like?
If I say, you know what, guys, I mean, kids get raped for money and the worst people in the world, they have an open marketplace on the dark web and you don't need to worry about any of that.
You know, technology is great.
AI is going to change our lives.
You know, use AI in your business.
You can make a fortune.
Look at all these people just embracing AI and making money out of it.
They don't care.
They don't care that today you can walk past the child, as is happening, do a 3D scan, put that image on the internet.
You can NFT it so they own it.
There's no digital Bill of Rights.
They own your child's image.
Then put that on the dark web and people pay to rape your child with a VR headset.
And they want real children.
They don't want fake AI children.
They don't want some cartoon drawing.
They want real children.
And how many of those real children are actually experiencing that in real life?
No, I don't want to know about that.
That's too hard.
So to me, a lot of this TDS is just people allowing themselves to hide behind that hatred and emotion because confronting the truth is just too difficult for them.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, thank you for stating those realities, Lara.
It's not in their periphery because it's happening over there somewhere else.
Matt, I know you have to go.
You have to attend to something urgent and I just want to thank you for creating or co-creating this event, this rally that's coming up Sunday and for spending some time with us this evening and sharing your thoughts and what it's all about.

[SPEAKER_11]
Well, it's an honor to be part of this team.
and it's incredible to believe that this is actually happening this Sunday.
You guys have no idea the hurdles and Steve knows every time there's always some where you're looking at it and you're like how are we going to
cross do that.
And I've been on my knees.

[SPEAKER_10]
In fact, yesterday, one of your prayers has been answered because Jason Shepard from the social media at Wimkin he wants to sponsor.
So I don't know exactly what that means.
But from him, and I'm going to connect him with you after the show.
Okay, please.

[SPEAKER_11]
I was I was reading the Psalms on, you know, in my hotel room on my knees yesterday, just saying,
you know, Lord rescue us because right now rescue the public needs to be rescued.
And all of a sudden we had about 95% of the funds came in yesterday that we needed.

[SPEAKER_13]
Oh, wow.
That's awesome.
Congratulations.

[SPEAKER_11]
We're almost there.
You can't please come.
Everyone come.
If you're six, seven, eight hours, three hours away, please come.
We need you.
We need to have the mall full.
of our people.
We need to make a statement so that when CNN, MSNBC, when they turn around, they don't see like a couple thousand.
We want the whole thing to be packed because we are the majority.
And if for some reason you can't make it, please consider donating, whatever it is, because we still have some financial commitments to make.

[SPEAKER_10]
What a big, beautiful crowd, man.
The biggest crowd in the history of crowds ever to walk on the mall.

[SPEAKER_13]
So Matt, how much time did you put into this?

[SPEAKER_11]
I've been working.
Is this like full time for the last three or four months?
I have a day job.
So hopefully no one outs me right now.
I have a day job.
Thankfully, I've got a great team that works with me.
And I've been working a lot of nights, but I've been putting 16 to 17 hour days between my day job and this.
But it's almost over, it's gonna be worth it.
And I can tell you there was that moment, Steve, where I didn't think this was gonna happen.
It's interesting, Brett Weinstein does not,
He doesn't say he necessarily believes in God, but I can tell you right now, I think he's coming to.
I truly believe he's having a conversion right now after seeing God move powerfully, powerfully.
I love all of you, Lara, Brad, Steve, Livio.
Can't wait to see you guys on Sunday.
Let's come together, folks.
Let's make this a moment.
to change America and the world, because the world is watching us.
I saw a comment from Italy the other day.
They are standing watching us and they're waiting for us to rescue them.
Kind of like World War II, right?
We had to come in to rescue them.
Well, it's our turn to rescue.
We have to rescue ourselves first and then we'll rescue them.

[SPEAKER_14]
Thanks guys.
Matt, we really appreciate you and thank you for all the work you've put into this and continue.
We'll see you this weekend on Sunday.
Hope to see you there on Sunday.
Thanks.
I wanted to follow up on all these three-letter networks and what both Lara and Brad and you, Steve, they're actually going to be covering this.
They've got their media requests and they're going to be there apparently.
How do you think they're going to spend this with all this unity that we're all coming together with?
Hundreds gather.

[SPEAKER_10]
Hundreds of alt-right fanatics.

[SPEAKER_13]
There you go.
Couldn't have said it any better.

[SPEAKER_10]
You know, I don't know if there's one thing I will say though
If you watch the information landscape right now for a very, very long time, they have had information dominance, right?
They can push whatever narrative they want.
And you hear it from so many places and so many people that it's sort of, it's the old Joseph Goebbels thing, right?
You tell a lie big enough, no one will believe it isn't true.
And you tell it over and over again until everyone believes it.
But there's been some interesting things that have been happening over the last,
particularly in the last month, month and a half, right?
Even with the rigged ABC debate, look at Martha Raddatz, who is a, you know, she's definitely an anti-Trump or TDS person, but she's an old wall correspondent.
And when Kamala Harris said in the last debate that there were no U.S. troops in any active war zone anywhere,
Okay, even Martha Raditz at ABC News her own network hosted the debate I can tell you as a former network employee.
That's not popular Okay, so even she had to go on air and say look, okay.
We have troops in Syria.
We have troops in Iraq like
She just can't say that, not to mention that there were actual videos that soldiers who were filming the debate, one of the soldiers panned across and all these soldiers like, what the hell are we?

[SPEAKER_04]
Where are we?

[SPEAKER_10]
But look at what that means in terms of information dominance.
It means that there are cracks in the damn wall, that they don't have the dominance that they had before.
There was another CNN fact check, I think I posted that just today on my ex, that exposed this.
So you could say this began with Elon Musk, that was the beginning of the end of information dominance for them.
And now you see these, I've actually seen voters interviewed that, you know, sort of some, even some black voters on CNN and other places where they're saying, you people are crazy, Kamala Harris ain't black.
You know, she's Indian, she's from the West Indies and she says she's West Indian and we're not falling for that.
And by the way, we don't care.
And so I would, I would hesitantly offer that they don't, they're not in full control of the narrative any longer.
And I'm holding out hope, not that these people who have lied to us for years, I mean literally year after year after year about everything of significance.
I don't believe that any of them suddenly grew a backbone or suddenly, you know, saw the light.
I don't believe in any of that.
We all know what motivates people like that, which is when it's self-interest.
If they're afraid that they're on the losing side in this fight,
You might see them changing their tune, which is probably why Mark Zuckerberg is now a libertarian consulting with Republicans.
Give me a break.
That guy is one of the most nauseating human beings in America.

[SPEAKER_13]
You heard it here first.
The breaking news.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.
Yeah.
And Steve, you're not going to let rescue the republic sink, right?
If they need help, you can help them, can't you?

[SPEAKER_13]
Sure, you heard it here first

[SPEAKER_10]
rescue the republic.

[SPEAKER_14]
Steve's gonna go out there with a little cup out in DC and ask for donations.

[SPEAKER_13]
Ask for donations, absolutely.

[SPEAKER_14]
Well, Brad and Laura, I wanna thank you both for just giving us your time tonight and sharing all of your passion and for showing up Sunday.
It's gonna be spectacular and I can't wait to see both of you in person.

[SPEAKER_10]
Well, thank you very much.
I really do.
I would urge anyone, if you don't know, Five Times August, get caught up now.
Because I got a list of like 10 favorite songs that I'm hoping he's going to play.
But we'll see.
I always love your songs anyway.
I mean, you're just so talented, Brad.
And you've given up everything, like so many others, right?
JP Sears and Hi-Rez and all of those people who
who just couldn't do it.
Couldn't do it.
And I just got to say that one of the most important things about this event is that we are the generation that has been saying to our children, honesty is punished and deceit
is rewarded.
That's the society that they're growing up in.
Don't say who you really are.
If you believe in God, keep it to yourself.
If you don't support abortion, keep it to yourself.
You know, watch what you say at school.
Watch what you say online.
Watch what you say in your papers at college.
Don't let your professors know that.
Maybe you're a conservative.
So the message to our children has been hide and lie.
And maybe you'll make it.
And that's not
That's not a path for anybody to offer, anyone, let alone, you know, I mean, I'm a mama bear.
To say that I'm a violent domestic extremist or a threat to society because I care about what my children are learning at school because I care that kids are being taught how to shoot up schools and how to commit suicide, not to mention young boys being taught, you know, what to do sexually
to please an older man.
This is the kind of books in our schools.
And to say that we, when we stand up for that, that we're a threat to our society, if that doesn't tell you where we are right now, then I don't know what does.
And Brad, I know because you've written a beautiful song to your son, I believe it is.
And I know because of your beautiful song, I will fight for you, right?
About the children during COVID.
They are still mandating COVID vaccines for children.
in this country and all over the world, Steve, I know that I'm speaking straight to your heart right now, because nobody has done more work on this than you.
You've been relentless, right?
So they're still doing that.
So I just can't urge people strongly enough to stand up and speak up and take the last chance you have, because that first tenet, that first pillar of this rescue the Republic, that war is the last resort, we may be there,
If we don't get through this election, I don't know if we get another chance to fix this without going to war.
And nobody wants to go to war, least of all me.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah.
Well said.
Brad, any final thoughts before I let you guys get on with your evening?

[SPEAKER_15]
Well, thanks for having me first of all, and I look forward to seeing everybody and, um,
You know, just to piggyback off of what Laura's saying is just come on out.
You have to come out.
And Matt as well was saying this earlier.
But if you can make it, if you think you can make it, come on out.
Because these are the moments that really redirect the course, I think.
You know, it's a coming together.
And I've seen it firsthand.
You know, we talked a lot about music and my journey with music.
I mean, the last couple of songs I've put out and the one I'm putting out tomorrow is it's got guys from The Defiant on it.
And, you know, Pete Parata on drums, he used to be in the offspring and he got kicked out of his van and Greg Camp from The Defiant produced using Smash Mouth and
All this to say, there's a new path being charted, right?
Artistically, culturally.
So come be a part of that and say you were there.
And let's make the weekend something that we all can remember as that moment to say that we were there.
And yeah, thanks to everybody who's making it possible.
And it's unbelievable.

[SPEAKER_10]
I love that.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah.
We really want people to attend.
I know it's going to be live streamed on X. I know Rumble.
is going to have an official live stream section as well as Rescue the Republic and others.
But really, it's important that we get the big crowds, that we push those numbers into six figures.

[SPEAKER_10]
I know everyone involved is going to post it, right?
Brett is, Brad is.
We'll all do everything we can to get it out.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, thank you so much.
And everyone stick around because I am going to play one of Brad's music videos in our closing.
And I and if I could get my stuff together, Brad leaked me a copy of the song that's coming out tomorrow.
So maybe I'll play that after we'll have a maybe we'll have a back to back.
I want to say that I was the first one to play it.
So exclusive for you tonight.
All right.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_10]
What about me?

[SPEAKER_14]
I'll text it to you right after this.

[SPEAKER_10]
Oh, yes.
Okay.
I'm waiting.

[SPEAKER_14]
Well, thank you both so much and can't wait to see you on Sunday.
Thank you.
See you later.
Steve, hang in there for a second.
Yeah, this is going to be exciting.
I'm so looking forward to this.

[SPEAKER_13]
So you're bringing all your equipment, Lavio?

[SPEAKER_14]
I'm going to bring a camera.
We'll see what I can do.

[SPEAKER_13]
Take a couple of videos maybe.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, maybe I'll get a couple of shots.
Maybe.
Get a couple of interviews, see who will talk to me and try to ask a few questions.
And yeah, I just want to remind everyone of the lineup again.
Actually, is this the current one?
No, that's an old one.
Let me come back.
I got to replace this one.
That's not the
the current lineup, but it is gonna be an incredible event on Sunday.
Hold on, I gotta get my bearings back here.
And Steve, I also wanna remind everyone that we have this raffle going on and the work that we do, we obviously need more support, more donations to keep VSRF going so we can help events like Rescue the Republic.
And our latest raffle, as I said at the top of the show, is this super spreader library where we're gonna have 20 books available for you for the winner
to share with your friends.
It's an incredible raffle.
Your donation for the raffle is also tax deductible, so anything you can do.
If you want to join the raffle, great.
If you want to just donate, that's fantastic.
We'll take donations or put your donation into the raffle and hopefully you can win.
Steve, how many of these books that you see right here on the screen have you read?

[SPEAKER_13]
Uh, well, uh, I, I haven't, um, let's see.
Yeah.
You have core.
Is that Corey's book?

[SPEAKER_14]
It's a little, the war on Ivermectin is pure Corey's book.

[SPEAKER_13]
Right, right, right, right.
But that's the, that's the yellow one, right?

[SPEAKER_14]
Okay.
That's the black one.
The yellow one is.
Yeah, I'm having trouble reading the titles as well.
And there's 20 books, so that's only half of the collection that we got.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah, so I've read a few.

[SPEAKER_14]
There are a few of them.
So it's a worthwhile cause and a lot of knowledge to be dropped.
You can share it with all your neighbors if you win.
Oh, absolutely.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah, you'd be the hit of the neighborhood if you did that.
Absolutely.

[SPEAKER_14]
You can set up one of those like little exterior libraries, put a little box out there.

[SPEAKER_13]
There you go.
Sharing library.
Share your books.

[SPEAKER_14]
And next week, I want to announce we're going to have
Dr. Bob Sears, after we returned from DC, childhood vaccines then and now, which is gonna be another excellent guest.
So come join us next week on VSRF Live, same time, same place.
And I'm gonna end tonight's show with Brad Skistimus' video.
Crooks, thieves, and liars.
Steve, we'll see you this weekend.
Travel safe.
Everyone, thank you for being here tonight.
Have a great weekend, and we'll see you on Sunday at Rescue the Republic.

[SPEAKER_13]
All right.

[SPEAKER_03]
You want us trapped while you all laugh behind the scenes You want us sick, you think we're dumb You want us blind, then you want us drugged You want us poor while you get more of everything But you don't get to tell me what to think and what to do No, you don't get to tell me what is true
You're just liars, cheats and crooks Change the rules and you burn the books And so I don't believe a single word you say You're all liars, fakes and cons Watch out, we want you gone So don't believe this time you'll get away You want us tricked, you want us numb You want us scared and you want us stung You want us shot and you want us fought In every way
You want our minds, you want our time You want us framed up in your crimes I hope you know that it's time to go And we're taking names Cause you don't get to tell us what to think and what to do No, you don't get to tell us what is true
Change the rules and you burn the books And so we don't believe a single word you say You're all liars, fakes and cunts Want you out and we want you gone So don't believe this time you'll get away Cause we see la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la All your lies, lies
You don't get to tell us what to think and what to do
Keats and crooks change the rules and you burn the books And so we don't believe a single word you say You're all liars, fakes and cons Watch you out and we want you gone So don't believe this time you'll get away Cause we see la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, all your lies La, la, la, la, la, all your lies
We've got counterfeit boys dating counterfeit girls Making counterfeit love in a counterfeit world Counterfeit news for the actual fools Who believe and obey all the counterfeit rules Who's got the power?
Who's got control?
Who's talking truth to say nobody knows?
Who's in the shadows?
How does any of it feel in this counterfeit world?
It's a counterfeit world Counterfeit seeds grow in counterfeit food
Counterfeit meat tasting counterfeit good Counterfeit drugs in our actual blood We don't know what it means We don't know what it does Who's got the power?
Who's got control?
Who's talking truth?
Does anybody know?
Who's in the shadows?
Who cuts the deals?
Who writes the script?
Is any of it real?
Let's take control We got counterfeit gods for our counterfeit fame Counterfeit fear for the counterfeit slaves Counterfeit cash been on actual crap It's a genuine steal when it don't actually last
Who's talking truth?
Does anybody know?
Who's in the shadows?
Who cuts the deals?
Who writes the script?
Does any of it feel in this castle?
