[SPEAKER_05]
Don't you know they're talking about a revolution?
It sounds like a whisper Don't you know they're talking about a revolution?
It sounds like a whisper While they're standing in the welfare lines
Crying at the doorsteps of those armies of salvation Wasting time in the unemployment lines Sitting around waiting for a promotion Don't you know they're talking about a revolution It sounds like a whisper Poor people gonna rise up and get their share
Poor people gotta rise up and take watch steps.
Don't you know you better run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run.
Oh, I said you better run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run.
Yes, finally the tables are starting to turn Talking about a revolution Yes, finally the tables are starting to turn Talking about a revolution, oh no Talking about a revolution, oh no While they're standing in the welfare line
Crying at the doorsteps of those armies of salvation Wasting time in the unemployment lines Sitting around waiting for a promotion Don't you know we're talking about a revolution It sounds like a whisper And finally the tables are starting to turn Talking about a revolution
Yes, finally the tables are starting to turn Talking about a revolution, oh no Talking about a revolution, oh no Talking about a revolution, oh no

[SPEAKER_18]
Tonight on BSRF Live, we welcome special guest host Dr. Kat Lindley.
She'll be interviewing several experts about the frightening reality behind the proposed agreement and the risks it poses to national sovereignty and health care independence.

[SPEAKER_15]
They're still trying to put us in these perpetual states of pandemic over and over again, still trying to introduce this notion of having vaccines in 100 days with zero to limited liability, new unlicensed products, surveillance.
Everything is still there, just shuffled around with a lot of legalese behind it.

[SPEAKER_18]
Good evening and welcome to another important episode of VSRF Live.
I'm your host, Livio Sanchez, and I'm thrilled to be here with all of you tonight.
Unfortunately, Steve can't be with us tonight, but fear not, because we have a special treat in store for you.
We have the brilliant Dr. Kat Lindley with us, who will be diving into the latest updates on the World Health Organization agreement.
But that's not all.
We have a lineup of esteemed guests tonight.
Joining Dr. Lindley will have Patrice Peterson, president of the First Freedom Foundation.
And then later in the show, Dr. Andrea Nazarenko, co-founder and president of the Inspired Network.
It's going to be an important and enlightening discussion.
So stay tuned.
And actually at the last minute, we just found out Warner Mendenhall will be joining towards the end of the program.
So hang in there for that as well.
But before we begin, I wanna say a huge thank you to all of you who have stepped up and shown your support.
I would like to, hang on, let me get a little graphic up here.
I would like to remind everyone that VSRF Live depends solely on public donations to bring you this weekly show and we need your financial support now.
Please consider donating to us tonight and on a monthly basis.
Just five bucks a month from our loyal audience would help to fund our operations and ensure
VSRF Survival During 2024 and Beyond.
Your contributions are tax deductible and we simply cannot do what we do without your help.
So please donate today.
And without further ado, I'd like to bring on our very special guest host, Dr. Kat Lindley.
Hello, Dr. Kat Lindley.
Welcome to VSRF Live.

[SPEAKER_15]
Hi, Olivia.
Thank you for having me tonight.

[SPEAKER_18]
I'm so excited to have you host tonight.
This is a treat and I'm going to read your bio so that anyone that doesn't know who you are, let me get them acquainted with you.
You are a distinguished family physician born in Croatia and trained in the United States where you currently practice in Texas.
Throughout your career, Dr. Linley's focus has expanded beyond your unwavering dedication to individual patient care to encompass a broader mission of improving the overall healthcare system.
You've been actively involved in various medical organizations, including most recently the FLCCC, the American Academy of Physicians and Surgeons, the Global COVID Summit,
and currently serve as the president of the Texas Osteopathic Medical Association.
So everyone, please join me in saying welcome and thank you to Dr. Kat.
We're so grateful for everything that you are doing.

[SPEAKER_15]
Thank you, Livia.
I'm actually a past president of the Texas Osteopathic Medical Association.

[SPEAKER_18]
Okay.
So it's still a great honor that you had there.
How long has it been since you left that chair?

[SPEAKER_15]
It's only been a year, but it's kind of nice to be past president because you get to sit back and watch how the organization is going and they're doing wonderful work.
So it's awesome.

[SPEAKER_18]
Well, I'm sure you can liberate some of that time for all the other things you're involved in, especially your work on keeping us updated on the World Health Organization Pandemic Treaty.
And I'm curious, the difference between the word treaty and what I'm reading now is agreement.
What's the difference there?
What's going on between the treaty and the agreement?
How are they getting around the two different words there?

[SPEAKER_15]
Well, that's kind of interesting because, you know, they started negotiating this very early in 2022 and the name has changed several times.
It used to be a zero draft, then CA++, then it was an accord.
Initially, it might have been even called a treaty, I forget, but last one is agreement.
And I believe that that is very specific because they're trying to hide the fact that this truly is an agreement.
I mean, sorry, that this truly is a treaty and not an agreement.
Because if they call it a treaty, that means it has to go to Senate to be ratified.
And they would really like to bypass the Senate.

[SPEAKER_18]
Right.
And I understand we just lost Dr. Lindley must be having a few Internet issues.
Hopefully she'll be able to get back online shortly and we will continue the conversation.
In the meantime, I want to actually I was going to talk to her about a recent event that I think most of you probably read in the news this past week where, oh, you're back.
Excellent.
Hang on one second.
I think you've lost a little bit of internet there for a minute and you're back.
Hello.
Can you hear us?
No, we lost her again.
Okay.
Well, I'm going to continue until she comes back with this story on the Prime Minister of Slovakia who was assassinated, not assassinated, he was shot.
He's still alive.
So excuse me for my little error.
He was shot five times by what the media is now calling a lone wolf assassination attempt.
And I've read several articles on this and they're all using the same language.
And they don't they haven't released his name, the assailant.
He's a 71 year old former poet or hobbyist as a poet.
I don't know, but they know it was just him acting alone, which, you know, that seems to be a code word for.
Are you back at?

[SPEAKER_15]
I am, and I'm sorry, we had terrible storms in Texas today, so my Internet is in and out all day.

[SPEAKER_18]
Okay, well, yeah, so hopefully we can keep it stable for a little bit, but I'll be around just in case.
I was updating our audience on the assassination attempt on Roberto Fico, the Slovakian prime minister, and I wanted to get your take on it.
I was talking about how all the media
It seems like the trusted news initiative is back in action writing the same article for everyone where they're calling the assailants a lone wolf even though they haven't released his name or any background on him at all.
What's your take on this?

[SPEAKER_15]
It is interesting, right?
He was actually anti-globalist.
He was anti-United Nations, anti-Ukraine war and anti-WHL pandemic treaty.
He actually came out in his acceptance speech, I believe, where he said that he will have Slovakia reject the pandemic treaty and his minister of health just days before this assassination actually indicated that they will go ahead and do that.
And then this happened.
So you kind of have to wonder like the timing of it.
And we all remember the story of African leaders who was questioning the PCI testing and then that assassination event.
And then Japanese minister who was in support of MAGA movement and things like that.
You know, you have to be aware of what's going on on the world stage.
And this is definitely one of those things that we need to question.

[SPEAKER_18]
Yeah, they seem to take out leaders who oppose their narrative or what they're trying to get done, their agenda.
You mentioned a speech he made.
I'm going to play this for the audience before we bring on Patrice Petersen.
But here's a speech that he gave in November of 2023 when he assumed the prime minister role again.

[SPEAKER_01]
If anyone else had an opinion on the vaccination against COVID, it was dangerous for the company.
The media openly wrote, remember this, I quote now, that everyone, the unexpected, should suffer from the pain like a pig.
It is also necessary to use force if someone rejects the policy of suffering.
And today it turns out that our free view on the vaccination and measures of the government in the fight against COVID-19, roughly violating human rights, was correct and justified.
One thing after another confirm the scandalous consequences of the massive vaccination by unexperienced experimental vaccines.
Yes, I confirm as the chairman of the party, and I confirm it,
And as the president of the government, I support the efforts of some politicians of the new government coalition, political decisions.
What is it that the government has built up here in 2020 to 2021?
And look at the financial side of the poor, often completely senseless purchases of health care aid and vaccine.
I also make it very clear that the direction of Slovenian social democracy will not support the strengthening of the powers of the World Health Organization against sovereign states during the war against the pandemic.
I know that such nonsense could only be invented by non-eating pharmaceutical companies, which began to perceive resistance of some governments against proper vaccination.
Under the Constitution of the Slovak Republic, on the basis of such international agreements in favor of the World Health Organization, I demand the consent of the National Council of the Slovak Republic.
And I do not believe that sovereign Slovak political parties

[SPEAKER_18]
In that speech, he not only went after the world's health organization, but the pharmaceuticals and big pharma.

[SPEAKER_15]
I remember that speech, actually.
I remember when it was posted on X the first time.
And it was probably one of the most courageous speeches we heard in a while from a world leader.
And my prayers and thoughts are with him and his family.
I truly hope that he recovers and that he gets back into leadership and does what he thinks is right for his country.
Because I think there is this growing
movement of populists around the world, and they are winning many, many elections.
Right now, Europe is actually having national elections, and in June, they're going to have elections to the European Parliament.
And we're starting to see this movement of people who are rejecting the idea of the World Health Organization, or at least globalism.
So there's definitely, you know,
Good things ahead, but we have a lot more work to do and that's why we have our guests with us tonight.

[SPEAKER_18]
Yeah, and on that note, let's introduce Patrice Peterson.
Hello Patrice, welcome to VSRF Live.
Nice to have you on this evening.
Oh yeah, you have to hit the unmute button.

[SPEAKER_02]
This wasn't quite as prepared as I thought it was.
Hi, good to be here.

[SPEAKER_18]
I'm going to go ahead and read your bio and introduce you to our audience.
You are the president of the First Freedom Foundation.
Patrice has over 20 years of experience in the international pro-family movement.
She is the founder and president of the International Family Caucus, founder of the UN Coalition for Women, Children and the Family, and the executive director of the World Congress of Families 9.
She has worked for more than 20 political campaigns on five continents and consulted for dozens of nonprofit organizations around the world.
Driven by our passion for defending family values and championing human rights, Patrice continues to be a leading voice in the global fight for a brighter, more inclusive future for families everywhere.
Welcome.
And I can't think of two greater people than you two to talk about what's going on with the World Health Organization pandemic agreement.
So I'm going to leave you to add it.
I'll be back later for Q&A.
Remember, if you have questions on Rumble, type in the word question all caps, and we'll try to get your questions asked and answered later in the show.
Take it away.

[SPEAKER_15]
Thank you, Livia.
So I'll start just kind of setting up the scene of what's happening.
And I'm sure most of you are aware very much about the World Health Organization and negotiations.
But let's start at the beginning.
In December of 2021, the head of states and the World Health Organization got together and said, we need to have something in place if another pandemic hits us.
We need to be better prepared.
So they started negotiating this pandemic treaty.
And at the same time, they said we need to kind of fortify the international health regulation.
So they started writing amendments to international health regulation.
And now we are three years later.
They have gone through many drafts.
They have changed the name of the treaty to recently agreement.
And as I mentioned before, that was probably done strategically.
And I'll have Patrice touch more on that because she's really good with strategy.
But anyway, so ultimately we are here now, May of 2024.
12 days, I think, from that first meeting.
We really still don't know exactly what's in both documents because they're still negotiating.
And if you listen to their propaganda, you would think that everything's good, you know, the drafts have been changed, some wording has been taken out.
It's not as bad as before.
But I tend to tell people, you know, you have to really look at the history of these documents and realize that the intent and spirit of the document remains.
But as I mentioned, we really don't know what's in it.
So Patrice, this is really your world more than mine.
And I love listening to you really analyze where we are right now.
So what is your point of view?
What is this World Health Organization trying to do in these last two weeks stretch?

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, first off, thanks, Kat.
I told her recently, I'm sort of new to this medical field.
And when my husband learned that I was working with you, he got kind of starry eyed.
He's really looked up to you throughout this whole pandemic process.
So it's kind of fun when worlds collide.
So a little bit of background about where this came from.
From what I understand, it came from a good place, which was the attempt to hold China more accountable for their bad actions during COVID-19.
But in classic big government fashion, never let a crisis go to waste.
And so any opportunity to crack open those international health regulations is an opportunity to claim more money and more power.
And so this is really a power grab that would increase Tedros' budget by almost tenfold.
And so that's something really to keep your eye on.
Whatever the details of the agreement are, it's still a...
It's still a power grab.
It's still a money grab.
And so they'll give up what they need to in order to get that done.
But the example that I think it was Chris with the Eagle Forum said the other day is it's like our coalition has been having success.
We have derailed the train.
They're not getting exactly what they want.
But now we're in a period of kind of danger where it's like okay the train went off the tracks, but now it's gone underground and we just don't know exactly where things are going to pop up again.
So now we know that we have at least five different documents that we need to worry about.
We have the pandemic agreement and yeah, I agree with your assessment that they are watering it down in order to avoid Senate ratification.
That is something that when you look at the line by line amendments, the U.S. has been removing a lot of the requirements, all of the, shoot, I'm not thinking of the legal term right now, but the mandatory language that would trigger Senate ratification, it's the U.S. that's taking that out.
And so it's kind of a double-edged sword for us.
We want the bad language out, but also we want the Senate to be able to ratify and to exercise their advice and consent responsibilities according to the constitution.
So that's kind of a mixed bag.
So yeah, we have the pandemic treaty.
We have the amendments to the international health regulations.
We have a resolution that is, I think, kind of their backup plan in case they can't get those.
then they'll just get a resolution that's sort of a framework agreement.
But then interestingly, they have punted on the One Health agenda and also on the Pabst system, the pathogen access and benefit sharing system, which is, I think, the scariest part of all of this is really, it's the exchange of
of pathogens that have pandemic potential that can hurt us all.
And what they're wanting to do is to share them all so that they can all do more gain-of-function research and create more vaccines.
So really that has been kind of the crux of these negotiations, it seems, is it's who gets the spoils of war, so to speak, who gets the spoils of the pandemic.
The Botswana and from what I understand again, I haven't been in the room.
So this is all this is all secondhand information.
But from what I understand, South African Botswana were the ones who contributed the genetic material for the Omicron virus.
And the pharmaceutical companies use that material to produce the vaccines.
And those countries are saying, hey, where's our cut?
People made, I don't know how much money off of that, but it was a huge pile of money and they wanted some of that.
And so in order to continue to collect these pathogens with pandemic potential, they are giving these developing nations a cut.
But what it does is it incentivizes going out and finding more pathogens with pandemic profiteering potential as
as some like to say.
So that's kind of where we are.
And the real danger, I think, of deferring these two portions of it, the One Health portion and the PAB system, is that if they pass this framework, as watered down as it may be,
What we're doing is we're agreeing to basically a blank check.
It's like signing a contract with empty pages at the back of it.
It's like, well, you just agree to this, and then we're going to worry about how much it's going to cost later.
Or, oh, we're going to work out the data.
This committee over there, they're going to work that all out.
And so you don't have to worry about it.
Just sign the check.
Just sign the contract.
and we'll deal with the details later.

[SPEAKER_15]
And to explain this, what you're talking about is actually in the pandemic treaty where they say, when it comes to One Health Agenda, we're going to find out details in 2026, I believe it was, and perhaps they said in 2025.
So essentially, they want the countries to sign the treaty or agreement, as they're calling it, and then you'll find out two years from now what's in it.
who's going to be on those leads making decisions about it, right?

[SPEAKER_02]
Right.
I mean, it's worse than the Nancy Pelosi rule, because at least with Nancy Pelosi, I mean, it was like 800 pages, you'll find it once you once we agree to it.
But this is like, I mean, there really are so many portions of it, the controversial portions where they just say it, we're going to work it out later.
And so you can't find out until after you sign it.
So that's one of the reasons that a lot of a lot of people in a lot of countries are saying,
No, at least not now.
We need to have the exact wording.
We need to have our due diligence.
We need at least the four-month period to evaluate.
I mean, even just the fact, think about the complexities of the fact, even if you're trying to be a good government, right?
Like, let's give them the benefit of the doubt and saying that really they just want the best for the health of the world.
they are trying to implement two different agreements with overlapping mechanisms.
Like how does that not cause confusion?
Like how does that not complicate the system?
So you need time to at least work out the contradictions in these two documents.
And then you need time for every government to know how much it's going to cost and go back to their countries and say, hey, like, do we have the budget for this?
Like, can we afford to multiply our foreign aid for health
by 50x?
Like, I don't know, I think that's a conversation that we should have.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, and I think it's very important to also point out that a lot of their budget currently, their money comes from the private public partnerships.
And those type of money comes with
they're going to serve when they get more of this money?
Are they going to give it back to their friends at Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation?
You know, the Welcome Trust, Gavi Alliance.
It's something that they really need to answer to.

[SPEAKER_02]
It's true.
And I mean, my background is in the international pro family world.
And doing that, I was very not was I am very pro life.
And our number one opponent was Bill Gates, like especially back in the 90s, he gave $2.2 billion to the UN Population Fund strictly for population control purposes.
Back then, he only donated money for population control.
And so when you have a guy who has said that, like, I mean, it's been 20 years and he has shifted his language now,
but who at least not too long ago, his number one priority in the world was to decrease the population who is now extremely influential in the organization that is supposed to be preventing pandemics.
I think that that's a conflict of interest.
And so I clearly the WHO needs reforms.
That's where this started.
And this mess is where we've ended up.
So I am sympathetic to your just exit the who I actually think that we need to dismantle it rather than just exit it and let it be just an anti American club.

[SPEAKER_15]
But yeah, no, I think I heard that argument from you.
And I can I sat back and I really tried to
maybe understand it, I just feel that they are so corrupt, that essentially it needs to be gutted out.
And then we need to figure out the better way.
You know, when I read a lot about the World Health Organization, the origins and things like that, and I would say that initially it probably was a good initiative, right?
They really did try to maybe
help countries around the world that needed assistance with health or hygiene, you know, all these things that we know in public health works.
And they were probably kind of on a straight and narrow while the countries were funding them.
But once they involve this private public partnerships and NGOs, I think that's kind of when money started becoming more of an issue.
And when they lost their soul for better work, you know, explanation than that.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, they
That makes sense.
I haven't spent the time to research the WHO in particular, but that makes total sense.
I mean, that's actually one of the tragedies, too, when you think about this is if we're now allocating so much money to pandemic prevention and response, countries only have so much money.
I mean, even the US, the UK, the European Union were expected to foot more than half the bill of this.
And yet we have our own budget crisis, you know, we are in an extreme amount of debt and this is giving us long term, quite large obligations.
Of course, they haven't told us exactly how large, but their own estimates are something like, Oh, I'm going to get this wrong if I say it, but something like 34
34 billion a year, I think it is.
And I think that's just close to it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And so if we can't do that, I mean, choices are going to have to be made, right?
Even if even if we did do that, the at the maximum amount of spending, there's going to be a reallocation of funds.
And so
health spending is going to come out of issues like malaria, like HIV AIDS, like cholera.
This is something that I think that the African government should be up in arms about because they actually fared fairly well during COVID-19.
Obviously their lives were lost and I don't want to brush over that, but relatively speaking, they did okay.
And yet they are still struggling with malaria, with HIV, with all these other diseases.
And so we're basically telling Africa like, hey, you have to sign this blank check too.
You're doing it under the assumption that we're gonna pick up a tab in a couple of years whenever the bill comes.
But if not, you've still agreed to this document.
You're still on the hook.
And so not only are they also liable for all this money that they have now committed
but they're going to have to reallocate funds or our funds are going to come away from things.
So I think that's a kind of a crazy ask to ask of these health ministers to say, hey, we're going to make pandemic prevention the only health priority really that matters.
Like you're going to have to pull money away from everything else and put it into this because I mean, a future pandemic is theoretical.
This is not guaranteed, but cholera and malaria, the AIDS, this is happening today.

[SPEAKER_15]
I was actually just going to comment.
According to WHO, we really are, you know, steps away from having pandemic over and over and over and over and over again.
But in reality, that's not how it happens.
And I think by this, you know, PAB system, that's actually how they will push us towards more of these pandemics.
Because what do you expect when we start sharing the pathogens around the world?
And I believe in one of the drafts, they even talked about specifically gain of function.
how they're going to be able to do gain-of-function.
You know, there was a question somewhere in the space, maybe on Twitter, someone said, what would happen if you do some research on Ebola?
Like, can you do some experiments of gain-of-function and make it more dangerous and more easily transmittable?
You could.
So why would we allow
you know, these different countries and WHO to experiment with things that should just be left alone.
Because the idea that we're going to have another pandemic, you know, this avian flu, they're trying to push on us.
I love reading the articles because the article, the headline always scares you.
The avian flu is, you know, can affect many people.
It can be very, very deadly, whatever, whatever, whatever.
And then you start reading the article, the bottom says,
One Texas man got a case of avian flu and he had mild conjunctivitis.
That's like all it says, but the beef of the article was all about how scary it is and how it can be our next pandemic, because that's the kind of agenda trying to scare us.
And actually, Livio, I think that exercise 2022, maybe it was the video.
I think it would be great to play it right now just to show them the propaganda that we keep on receiving from their end.

[SPEAKER_18]
Yeah, this is called catastrophic contagion.
It's a montage and it was a simulation put together by Johns Hopkins University, the World Health Organization and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation.
Here it is.

[SPEAKER_11]
Officials in two Latin American countries alerted the WHO of several outbreaks of a new infectious disease that's mysteriously appearing across the region, severe epidemic enterovirus respiratory syndrome 2025.
Over the past six weeks alone, there have been 500 confirmed or suspected cases reported.
The virus could cause a severe pandemic if early containment and mitigation efforts are not successful.

[SPEAKER_10]
The pandemic in this type of situation and trend would be a risk for the global health security.

[SPEAKER_12]
Pandemics are inherently political, financial and so much broader.

[SPEAKER_06]
We have not spoken on the leadership.
in the country.
And I think that we need to be also very careful.
We cannot decide a lot of things without the leaders be involved and agree on that.

[SPEAKER_09]
There is no substitute for national leadership.
It's important to support the local response or the national response.
Training those that are in these areas first, enabling them with the tools, protecting them, and if need be, regional solidarity first.

[SPEAKER_08]
At this stage, communication is key and communication should include not just scientists with data, but also social, religious and political leaders.

[SPEAKER_07]
Trust.
This is an essential issue and trust was broken among countries, between populations and healthcare systems, between healthcare systems and governments.

[SPEAKER_06]
I'm very sorry to say that
In 2025, we need to strengthen the health system.
WHO needs to be a voice for the voiceless.

[SPEAKER_00]
No one is safe until all of us are safe.

[SPEAKER_14]
As of today, there have been an estimated one billion cases worldwide, with more than 20 million deaths, including nearly 15 million children.
Countless millions are alive, but left with paralysis or brain damage.
The most successful countries are those which invested in preparedness and trained for this moment years in advance.
This included having full-time pandemic preparedness and response teams, which conducted detailed operational planning and routinely tested those plans through exercises and drills.
If more countries had participated and heeded the guidance, the toll might have been much less.

[SPEAKER_15]
What do you think Patrice?
The countries that did the best are the ones that invested the most into the whole thing.

[SPEAKER_02]
I mean, the thing that jumped out at me was that line trust.
Trust has been broken.
And that's where they said that they were starting out is the whole point of this supposedly at the beginning was because China had not followed the international health regulations.
And so they needed to strengthen that health regulations
so that they were more authoritative and so that people would actually follow them.
So what do they do?
They do this huge power grab.
And in the power grab, they're actually violating their own international health regulations, like the notification requirements and things.
I mean, it really is pretty naked.
It's just never let a crisis go to waste.
They can't use malaria to create a global
like authoritative body, I think is their latest term or governing body or something like they can't use HIV AIDS because it doesn't have that international spread that fear that pandemics have.
But pandemics are the perfect crisis to use to consolidate power.
So it seems to me like that's what they're doing.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, that's exactly right.
And I think it's important to really bring the message home that this is an attack on our national sovereignty.
This is an attack on our autonomy.
It's an attack on patient-physician relationship.
It's giving the World Health Organization more power over health around the world.
They really want to become global authority on health.
from where everything kind of arises.
And we're going to have to listen to how to do things, what medicines we can use, testing, vaccines.
There is a whole this idea of production of vaccines in a hundred days.
And interestingly, there is a zero to very limited liability to manufacturer, right?
The countries are going to take on the liability.
And we've all learned from COVID-19
rollout of the jobs, how that has fare for the people who actually are injured currently.
So there's going to be this perpetual loop when we are in pandemic, then we're not, but then we are again.
And every time you go in the pandemic, there is this possibility of lockdowns, travel restrictions, and they did take out
a vaccine passport, but now they call them travel documents.
And there is going to be sharing of medical records and all of these things.
So I think it's really important for people to even as we're getting closer and closer to that deadline,
keep their kind of message straight on.
No matter what comes out of Geneva, it's not over.
It's not going to be over even on June 1st.
You always say that.
So explain why they say it's not going to be over on June 1st.

[SPEAKER_02]
Because whatever they gain, they're just going to it's just going to be the next starting point.
So this is something that I dealt with for 15 years at the UN is like, every year in commission season, they try to push and back then and still actually, it's
It's reproductive health and rights.
And so if you give them a little toehold, if we lose, if that phrase appears in one document in one place, even if it makes sense grammatically for whatever reasons, even if we say it excludes abortion, then the next year they come out and it's, well, that's already agreed language and they just build and build and build.
The fight for freedom, like, what is that, the Jefferson quote, the cost is eternal vigilance.
Even if we got our greatest desire, which is at the World Health Assembly, it ends in shambles and Tadros resigns in shame.
they're still going to keep trying.
They're going to find another medium.
I like to say that I feel like this pandemic treaty is the great reset with the mask on.
They're using global health as the pretext to consolidate power.
And if this doesn't work, they'll just try another way and we'll just have to keep fighting another day.

[SPEAKER_15]
Actually, we do have to worry about the summit.
for the future and pact of the future that's coming up in September at United Nations, so you're correct.
You know, if they don't do it now, they'll probably have some kind of trying to have a consensus vote at United Nations because they're going to say, well, all the member states are here already, so let's just take that one.
Okay, but let's finish on a good note.
I would say we do have some countries who are showing that there is resistance out there and that they are not liking what they're seeing.
So can you mention a couple of those countries?
And then we'll talk about what sovereignty coalition has done and how people can get involved.

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, you opened with Slovakia and the prime minister there has been quite firm on this.
There's a lot of action happening right now in the UK.
Nigel Farage is a controversial figure, hero to some, villain to others, but he knows how to get stuff done and he is really drawing a lot of attention to this treaty right now.
And the UK has a conservative government.
I mean, they are in a lot of ways on board.
What I think is most exciting about this, I mean, I haven't really been paying attention while I've been talking, but every time I'm on one of these webinars or Zoom calls or something, just to see the level of engagement in the chat is actually really inspiring to me.
I'm not as good enough at multitasking to be able to read the chat while talking.
But I really think that the public globally is waking up.
I mean, I had a taxi driver in Paris a few months ago who was talking about this stuff.
And I think he is from Algeria, an Algerian taxi driver in France who I would think would have a lot of different reasons.
You know, from my political consulting hat, I might put him in a different box, but no, he's very much with us on these issues.
And so you see,
You know, we had a meeting this morning where people were talking about a global response to globalism.
And I think that the grassroots are firing up.
I think that the leadership is following up.
I mean, members of Congress and members of parliament in different countries, they're starting to find each other and coordinate.
And that's powerful because
An example that I like to use is bees and murder hornets.
So it's like the Bill Gates's of the world are like the murder hornets and they want to like invade our hives and take all the kind of spoils of everything.
But bees working together can actually kill a murder hornet.
It just requires collaboration.
And I think that we're starting to do that.
Like one by one, they can pick us off.
But when we work together, we really can't stand up to them because there are so many more of us.
And so the more people stand out, the more courage people find, the more they see other people standing up.
I think that we really can win this.
So I am encouraged.
Actually, I feel a lot more optimistic about this than I did a few weeks ago, just because the response has been so inspiring.

[SPEAKER_15]
I agree.
And it's also awesome to see our AGs in 22 states who brought the letter, the 49 Republican senators that got together.
I think Louisiana really in March pushed everything kind of
open and everyone was like, okay, let me catch up to Louisiana, because then you have Louisiana, you have Alabama, Oklahoma, Tennessee is working on some things.
North Carolina is passing resolution.
I know some people are working in Texas and different places.
Florida already has a law on the books when it comes to this and Oklahoma, I think has one as well.
So, you know, yeah, my home city, exactly.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yep.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah.
So, you know, states are kind of saying, we're not going to give up.
We're going to fight this heads on.
And it's really it's encouraging to see it happening.
And like you said, I think all of this is signaling to the World Health Organization to have to really truly listen to people from around the world and not necessarily the representatives, because sometimes the representatives that go there are not the ones that are sharing the message of the country itself.
So Olivia on that note, do you have any questions for us before we go on?

[SPEAKER_18]
I want to bring out our next guest, but it's funny you mentioned taxi drivers seem to have their pulse on what's going on outside of the mainstream because I was around a bunch of normies, good people, actually a lot of family.
And when I asked them about their information on the World Health Organization Treaty or agreement, clueless.
It's just clueless because they're still getting their information from the mainstream, which is not reporting on this at all as far as I can see.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, it's actually a political consultant tactic.
It's tempting to be on my phone or something when I travel around the world.
and you get off a plane and she first access to your phone.
But my best way to get a pulse on the ground is to talk to the taxi drivers because, yeah, they talk to so many people and they know a lot of things and it's very informative.
And again, that's where the power is.
The people are smarter than the elites think that we are.
And even at our level, it's easy to get a little bit removed.
I've been working in politics my whole life.
You know, I, it's, I see how power corrupts people.
I see how people can think that they're smarter.
And so I think, I think that's why it's, I'm thinking about the book Coming Apart.
I don't know if you all have read the Charles something book Coming Apart.
It's one of the best books I've ever read.
about this and about how far removed you are from the people.
But the people are smarter than anyone gives them credit for.
And I think that's what the founders knew when they created this experiment in self-governance.
So more power to the people.

[SPEAKER_18]
Yeah, absolutely.
Well, let me bring on our next guest to join the conversation.
Hello, Andrea Nazarenko.
Welcome to VSRF Live.
Thank you so much.
I'm going to read your bio real quick.
Dr. Nazarenko is
a distinguished quantitative and community psychologist renowned for her work in bridging the gap between research and practice with a prolific career spanning various disciplines dr nazarenko has established herself as a leading authority in implementation science health psychology chiropractic developmental psychology and statistics dr nazarenko has authored over thirty peer-reviewed publications contributing valuable insights to the field of psychology health care
research methodology we're so excited to have you with us tonight and I'm gonna step away for a little longer let you guys chat for a little bit and then I'll be back with questions so I just remind the audience if you have questions for any of our guests put it in the chat with question all caps and I'll come back and ask several as I can

[SPEAKER_15]
So actually, I think Andrea came into our conversation at perfect time.

[SPEAKER_03]
The people jumping out of my seat when you I love your murder hornet example, because it's it was right up my alley.
We are you know, we we sit here and we talk about these global elites and the globalists and all the power they have and all the money they have and
how much bigger they're getting and all of this stuff.
And we forget that that whole narrative that we're powerless and we're helpless and that we need them in some way is all taught over the generations by them.
And in fact, the only power that they have and the only money that they have is that which we either physically give them money or we implicitly or subconsciously give them power.
And when we,
no longer consent to the power that they have or the control that they have over our economic systems, well, then they lose it.
And we will always have something that they do not have, which is 8 billion people of the world.
And they will never have 8 billion people.
So when we remember that we have held the power all along and that we are not helpless, we are not victims, heck, we just overcame the biggest
challenge of our life, which is the pandemic, and we won.
We are not victims, we're the victors.
Not only did we win, we like, we thrived through that and we're stronger now, more strong now than we've ever been.
And so when, you know, they are the few, we are the many.
And when eight billion people unite, the future really does begin to be ours and, you know, and look the way we want it to look, not the way they want it to look.

[SPEAKER_15]
So tell us how is the 8 billion people going to unite?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, it starts with the belief that a better world is possible.
And it starts with coming together with the recognition that uniting doesn't mean agreeing.
We don't all have to agree on everything.
We don't all want to be the same.
In fact, that's actually what we're fighting for.
We're fighting to be different.
We're fighting for our individual sovereignty and our national sovereignty.
We are fighting for diversity again.
We're fighting for the ability to live our lives the way we want to.
And so that starts with adopting this mental
state of true liberty and remembering that if I want to live the way I want to live, then that also means that I have to give you permission to live the way you want to live and step out of the game of being right versus wrong, but instead stepping into the game of we are a united world full of different colors and not allowing their narratives to divide us because they very specifically have taught us through learned helplessness that we are helpless and they do that
They create division.
They create black and white, red and blue, insert whatever the division is of the day.
They do that purposely because the more we're separated, the weaker we are.
We're social beings.
We want to be together.
We thrive in communities.
So when they shut down our information, they shut down our conversation and they divide us, they take power and we remain helpless.
But when we acknowledge that that is all concocted division, that they have created this for us and we refuse that by practicing radical nonviolence and coming together and accepting our differences and being OK with disagreeing, well, then the world becomes ours.

[SPEAKER_02]
I could not agree more.
I just completely 100%.

[SPEAKER_03]
Now, I mean, of course, it doesn't just magically happen by throwing sparkles in the air.
There's actually, there's a lot of science behind it.
And that's where my background comes in.
My background is in system level change.
And there's a lot of strategy that could come in place.
There's a lot of systems, there's frameworks, there's
there is ways to do what we're doing better.
And so that is part of the Geneva Project, which is coming up on May 30th through June 1st in Geneva, Switzerland.
We have a series of events that Kat is part of, one of which is our Inspired Global Leadership Summit, where we are bringing in leaders from around the world to begin a process where we engage in a science-based approach
to create a better tomorrow.
So what does that mean?
Well, that's where we start.
We're starting with redesigning a health care system.
We know what we don't want.
Right now, we're in a place where it's like, I know what I don't want.
There's a fire burning behind me.
I'm going to hop in this car and I'm going to start driving.
And I know this is what we're all doing, right?
We're driving away from this fire burning down, but no one really knows where we're going.
So before we could begin to actually create a better tomorrow, create the future that represents the voice of the people, we need to define where we're driving.
And that will be a main focus of this year's global leadership summit, the inspired global leadership summit, where we're going to start defining what we want.
And the idea is not consensus.
There's actually no reason why the future health care system in the United States should look the same as Brazil or Japan or Australia.
or, you know, Austria.
We are different countries.
They should all look different.
We're different cultures.
That's what we're fighting for.
And so we are coming together to push each other on our thinking, to push each other on our boundaries, to look at the conditionalities of war that we're in, because I don't care if you call it psychological war, spiritual or 5GW, we're in a war against our opposition.
And they've got some pretty strong, sophisticated strategies and tactics.
So we're going to be diving deep into what those tactics look like, understand the conditions of the war that we're in, and developing strategies that help us meet their level of sophistication if not exceed it.
And then let's celebrate a little bit.
So we've got a rally the next day right outside the UN building where we acknowledge that
We are the change.
We have to stop relying on them.
Listen, you guys said it earlier, even if this pandemic treaty agreement, whatever we want to call it, falls to the floor in a few months, we've got something else on the table.
We're always going to be chasing our tail if we're expecting them to change.
they're never going to change for us because they're working for their self-interest and their self-gain.
So it's time for us to develop our own offensive strategy.
It's time for us to be those, I don't know, were we the murder hornets?
I forget what we were.

[SPEAKER_15]
We're the bees.

[SPEAKER_03]
Sweet little honey bees.
You know, it's time for us to stop defending against the hornets and just
create the future we want.
So We Are the Change is the rally right outside the UN where we proclaim our independence.
We're literally reading a Declaration of Independence for which the whole world can sign thereafter and we're breaking free and we're taking the steps that we need to take to actually create a new reality that serves the people.
I like to call it a
The rally, I like to call it the opening ceremony.
You know, like the Olympics that like competition in the Olympics could happen, whether there's an opening ceremony or not, you know, like they'll still have sports that still someone will win, someone will lose, there'll be trophies, but it would not really have the like fire behind it.
But the opening ceremony is really what brings the world together.
It builds that momentum.
It builds that excitement.
It builds that energy to say, this is ours and we're going to win.
That's what we're doing on June 1st, right outside the UN in Geneva.
We're having an opening ceremony of the competition of our life.

[SPEAKER_15]
So tell us the website.

[SPEAKER_03]
Oh, the website is the genevaproject.org.
You could go look at all of the events.
And you know, we're, we are,
It's time that we score some goals and we, you know, we begin to win a little bit ourselves.

[SPEAKER_15]
And we are, we are, that's for sure.
Thank you, Andrea.
Livio, do you have any questions for our guests?

[SPEAKER_18]
I do.
And thank you, Andrea.
That's really inspiring just to flip the narrative, because I think you're right.
If it's not this, the next thing's coming.
They've already proven that they're just going to keep hammering us with something.
And so we've got to change our tactics.
and show some more love to the world than they can.
Yes, I have questions.
Here we go.
The first question is from a Vonette.
Do all countries have to sign on or can it just be a few?

[SPEAKER_02]
I can take that one.
So they, in theory, they have to get a majority vote.
In practice, like I said, I worked at the UN, not for the UN, at the UN for 15 years and I only saw the vote board once.
They usually do everything by consensus.
So I really, it's not technically true because they could override it, but
It really would only take one country, not really.
If we had one country willing to stand up and say, I do not agree, I will not agree.
And I've seen this, and I've seen them try to bing the gavel while someone was saying this and say we have consensus.
But it really only takes one country to break consensus.
And they want to say that they have achieved this by consensus.
So that really is the threshold is just finding one country.
And even even if they go to voting, there are other kind of legal maneuvers that we could have, like the fact that they're breaking so many of their rules, like at least five different rules and adopting these agreements without like if they do it next week.
So we do have things if we could find just that one country to step forward.
But then after it's passed, then we don't have to
adopt it.
So Biden might sign it just by himself, by executive order.
I'm sure he will.
But theoretically, the Senate should be able to ratify it.
And it's the same in other countries.
In other countries, they might sign it, but they might not ratify it, or they might agree to it in Geneva, but they might not ratify it.
I always say that our constitution cannot protect us from their bioweapons, so we should work hard to defeat this in Geneva.
And I think that it'd actually be easier to defeat it in Geneva than in Washington, where in Washington we have something like 5,000 lobbyists per congressman, whereas in Geneva you can just get an appointment with any delegate and just walk into their office or without an appointment and just say hi.
So I really think that we should focus on Geneva.
I really think that, I mean, I'm a Christian and I care about the 96% of the world's population that lives outside of the US.
And also if they are collecting and spreading all these pathogens with pandemic potential, they're going to get here too.
So yeah, there's a lot of talk about how do we stop this from coming to the US?
If Trump gets reelected, he can get us out of it.
maybe, but that's like an ambulance at the bottom of the hill and we still have the guardrail at the top of the hill potential.
So let's focus on Geneva, let's try to defeat this at the belly of the beast and move on to the next battle.

[SPEAKER_18]
So it sounds like what you're saying, just one country speaking up like the Prime Minister of Slovakia who was just shot, someone like that, if someone's getting in their way,
They they don't like any opposition.
And speaking of Biden, I'm going to play a short clip just so everyone can see where he stands on all this.

[SPEAKER_16]
We do need more money, but we don't just need more money for vaccines for children.
Eventually, we need more money to plan for the second pandemic.
There's going to be another pandemic.
We have to think ahead.
And that's not something the last outfit did very well.
That's something we've been doing fairly well.
That's why we need the money.

[SPEAKER_18]
Sounds like he's definitely planning for another pandemic and getting his marching orders from whomever.
Okay, I got another question here from DR Laura for all of you.
Is anyone suing the World Health Organization for moving ahead with a vote on these IHR treaty without adhering to their own bylaws that calls for more time to review?

[SPEAKER_02]
So this is the problem.
Sorry, I'm talking too much.
No, no, no.
I'm really like for you to answer because I know your answer.
Go ahead.
So this is the problem.
I'm not a doctor and I'm not an attorney either.
And during my pro family days, we had attorneys everywhere who could comment on everything.
Just this morning, we had a conversation with several attorneys.
The problem is like,
When we say that they are an unelected, unaccountable body, we mean it.
There is no recourse.
We are trying to come up with creative ways to hold them accountable, even to their own rules, and we are falling short.
This is one of my appeals.
I don't know if they're
I mean, international law, and I like to use air quotes, international law is its own beast, but we need help researching and finding approaches, just finding a legal strategy.
This whole thing is because of creative legal strategies, right?
Like they said that they can get around the four month timeline because, oh, they distributed all of the proposals a year and a half ago.
Like that's a nonsense argument.
And then everybody in the room clearly knew it was a nonsense argument.
And then the Russian delegate said, oh, no, you don't have to claim that.
You can claim,
or actually was split, but they claimed that, oh, well, the working group doesn't have to announce it four months in advance because the secretary general remembers it.
Anyway, it's just nonsense arguments.
But the point is,
we need legal recourse to be able to challenge this.
And we haven't found it yet.
I haven't found that argument.
If anyone knows that argument, if you know of some judge in some court, some way we could go to the International Court of Justice or the International Criminal Court bodies that I barely even like to validate their authority already, it's a tricky game.
This is why international law is because there's just no checks and balances.
That's sorry, I'm talking too much, and then just stop.
But we don't know the answer to that is the problem.
And we're, we're looking, we're trying to figure out a way to hold them accountable, because there should be liability here.
And they do have, they do have diplomatic immunity.
But they don't or they should not have diplomatic immunity when they are operating outside of their mandate.
And their mandate is to promote health.
Their mandate is not to promote vaccines.
So when they are basically becoming a cartel of vaccine producing companies, they are operating outside their mandate.
So that should force them to relinquish their diplomatic immunity.
We're looking for strategies.
If anyone knows of anything, please drop me a line if you know of an international attorney with ideas because there just aren't that many people on our side who specialize in international law is the reality.

[SPEAKER_18]
When Warner comes on, we'll ask him if he's got any thoughts on this from a legal side.
I'm not sure if you answered this specific question.
I'm going to ask from Poutine, are any countries doing something so the who agreements do not take effect?
I guess any specific countries named?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, I have a list.
You could probably imagine the list yourself because it's all the worst countries in the world.
We have 15 governments that have said they absolutely will not sign it and it's like Iran, North Korea, Syria.
They're not our best allies, but they have said like, no, they're not going to do it in their country.
As far as good actors in the world, we're still hunting for that champion.

[SPEAKER_18]
Yeah, that's unfortunate that those are the ones that are holding the line, so to speak.
This was a question from Andrew, but I believe she's frozen and I'm not sure what happened to her.
I'm going to leave her on the screen though and see if she pops back on.
But let me jump around.
Question from Flock12.
How to reach out on the governments which make the decision and the one at the WHO will vote according to them?
I guess they're asking is how do we reach out to the governments which make the decision?

[SPEAKER_02]
It's pretty easy, actually.
They publish what's called the Blue Book online.
And so there is the email address for every consulate in Geneva.
And you can just send them an email with your opinions.

[SPEAKER_18]
Great.
Here's a question from Gotelet on a mountain.
What happened to the dozen or so nations that resisted a year ago?

[SPEAKER_02]
From what I understand, I think it was the entire Africa block that resisted.
And the way that these things usually happen in international negotiations is they just buy them off.
So it's always the developed world that is pushing their agenda, which is more consolidation of money and power.
And it's often the developing world that resists that, but they are desperate for money.
And so part of this Pabst system is just, is buying them off, frankly.
It's a bribe in the form of development aid.
And the countries that object to it, it's not just that bad countries are
share our views.
It's not that it's that the bad countries are not getting development aid.
And so they don't have anything to lose.
They can actually speak their minds.
Whereas the countries that are more in better favor in the international community, they're getting so much aid.
And so at the end of the day, they're gonna, they're gonna go along to get along.

[SPEAKER_18]
Got it.
Here's a question from DJ Mick.
Is there enough doctors that will refuse to go along with the treaty?
Because how would the individual doctors deal with this?

[SPEAKER_15]
I think we will have to learn, right?
I'm being sarcastic, but I do think that there is many doctors, especially in the United States, who have learned from this pandemic.
And there is a good number of doctors who will not go along because you have to really
You know, we talk about restoring trust, but how do you restore trust?
You only restore trust if you develop the relationship between patient and physician and you have to look at each individual patient to figure out what they need.
There is no cookbook, there is no protocol that can give everyone answers.
So WHO is still going to try to enforce the censorship.
They just call it something else.
There's still going to be pressure from our medical boards and licensing boards, but that's kind of where, you know, people, you find out who the true person is, the one believes in truth.
And I do feel that many physicians will do exactly what we did this past pandemic and do what's best for our patients.

[SPEAKER_18]
Yeah, and we see what happened during COVID to many doctors who, even recently I read that a doctor, I believe it was in Washington, was threatened to lose their license or had to go through some training for prescribing ivermectin, which now the FDA has kind of pulled it.
They're still dealing with this.
And this was a recent article I just read.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, Dr. Mary Bowden, Mary Talley Bowden, who we all love.
She's one of my favorite colleagues, great friend.
You know, if I ever get in a fight, she would be the first one to call.
She's still struggling with this.
You know, she was supposed to have a hearing in April and they postpone it for sometimes in September or October.
So now she's actually considering, and I think she might have filed a lawsuit against the medical board for prolonging this whole process.

[SPEAKER_18]
Unbelievable that she's still doing that.
It's amazing.
I'm glad you're back, Andrea.
I have a question for you.
Are there groups, this is from Cincy Gary, are there groups forming to become leaders of the resistance and where do I sign up?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, there's a lot of groups already being leaders in the resistance.
And yeah, we need, you know, one of the things that I love what Patrice said before was about the taxi cabs and cab drivers, because we have this idea
in the resistance movement.
Kat, I'm going to call you out because you know I love you.
But Kat is considered a major influencer, right?
She's an influencer because she's everywhere.
Everywhere you look, there's Kat with her brilliance and her beauty.
And she's one of my favorite people.
But sorry, Kat, I think the real influencers in this world are the cab drivers and the hairdressers and the bartenders and the waitresses.
because these are the people that change the world.
These are the people that transmit.
People do and are really influenced not by the Katlyn Lees, not by the Olivia Sanchez's, sorry guys, I love you, but you know, it's not you.
It's the people you're closest contact with.
And so why we do what we do is to get more people talking, get more people speaking.
I saw in the comment thread, are there groups, are there rallies all around the world?
Yes, there are some popping up on June 1st with us, but what we're encouraging people to do is just get out and march with us.
We're marching at 1.30 Geneva time.
It's 10.30 Eastern time.
And just come out and march with us.
March with your neighbors.
Start talking about the future.
Have dinner with your family and start talking with your children about a positive future.
that's not fear-based, that's not restrictive.
We are the change and the true influencers are the people out there.
So are there groups leading the resistance movement?
Yeah, it's every single person listening right now.
Their accountability is on all of us to be the change.
If you want to be part of the conversation, if you want to be part of as we shape and redesign the systems that we need to build.
So there's the side of tearing it down and then building it up.
There's a lot of tearing it down happening and it's happening really in a fun way to watch.
But if you want to be part of the building it up, you could go to theinspirednetwork.org and at the bottom there's our email list.
Join our email list because as we come out of this summit and we have an outcome, we can't build a future that represents the voice of the people unless we have the voice of the people.
This isn't the Andrea, Patrice, Kat, and Livio future.
We're building a future that represents the voice of the people.
So we need your voice.
So sign up for our email list.
And anytime we have a survey out now, it's on our website.
I believe it's still up there.
We will have a lot of feedback mechanisms.
So join the conversation.

[SPEAKER_18]
So it's up to all of you out there to get involved.
You all have to get out there and get involved and do your thing.
All right, I want to go around the table here, the virtual table, and get your predictions on what's going to happen at this event when they have to sign this agreement or treaty or whatever it is.
Do you think there's going to be passing?
And then we'll start with Patrice.
What do you think is going to happen?

[SPEAKER_02]
I am not going to answer that for a reason that my husband is fond of saying.
He says, Charlie Kirk, he loves to listen to a million political podcasts.
He says, people ask Charlie Kirk that all the time.
Are we going to win or are we going to lose?
And he says, the question is why you're asking me that.
Like, if I tell you we're going to win, then you don't have to fight hard.
And if I tell you that we're going to lose, then you don't have to fight hard.
The reality is that we don't know.
And like, I know what they want to do.
I also know that we have some exciting stuff planned that could very well bury this for another good long while.
And so I really don't know.
What is required of us is to keep pushing.
There have been so many people who have said, oh, they took this one bad part out of the document, so we have to worry.
No, like now is the time to advance.
Now is the time to make progress.
Now is the time to push harder.
This is not the time, like I'm not giving up all of my sleep right now because we're assured a victory, right?
Like we have 10 days until this happens and we have to push, push, push to bury them as much as we can.

[SPEAKER_18]
Great, great response and prediction.
Andrea, share your thoughts on what you think is gonna happen.

[SPEAKER_03]
Um, well, I would follow Patrice and saying, I don't know what's going to happen, but I would add, I'll raise you and I don't actually care what's going to happen because we know they're going to, no matter what happens in that, even if they, they, you know, they voted down and it goes away in a couple of months, they're going to come back with something else.
They're, they're on a hedonistic treadmill of self-gain and they're not getting off.
And until we just go find another gym, we're going to be stuck in it.
So I'm on the boat of let's build our own systems that make theirs obsolete.
And we are the 8 billion people united.
We could do this.
We have just as much.
We have the same science they have.
We could build on their science.
We could measure success.
We could do everything they are doing with better because we have hugely, our human capacities are so much greater.
And so it's time to just leave them behind and make their systems obsolete.

[SPEAKER_18]
Again, great response.
Kat, any final thoughts or questions for our guests before we move on and let them get back to their lives for the rest of their evening?

[SPEAKER_15]
Well, I'm going to say that I hope actually that my native country of Croatia will be the one to say no and that they will lead the way.
So we'll see.

[SPEAKER_18]
That would be great for Croatia to step in.

[SPEAKER_15]
I know they'll be so awesome.
I'm very excited.
They had some great elections and the party that's really listening to people won.
And that's what's happening around the Europe.
You're seeing all these parties that are listening to people winning.
and they're going into their MEP elections right now and it does look like populist vote is gonna win the European Union elections as well.
So like Andrea said, the power to the people and I think that's the road we're on right now.

[SPEAKER_18]
Well, hopefully we can have you back after Patrice and Andrea and of course Kat to tell us what happened and follow up next and after the announcement of what happens.

[SPEAKER_02]
Happy to.
And can I throw in what you can do?
Yes, please.
Like I said, we have a lot that we're working on in the next 10 days and our numbers are few.
So if there are any among you that like to research, like if you're an international lawyer, like all the better.
But if you're even just good at research, you want to spend time online, have long conversations with CHATGTP about which countries might do which things.
please contact me at firstfreedom.org.
There's a contact form on there, firstfreedom.org.
We need help and I need an army of researchers right now.
So that's the plug.
If you're sitting at home thinking, well, but there's nothing that we can do about it, I'm telling you right now, there's something you can do about it.
We need help.

[SPEAKER_18]
Great.

[SPEAKER_15]
And go to Sovereignty Coalition.
Yeah.
And I was just going to mention, go to sovereigntycoalition.org and sign the Align Act.
and sign the declaration.
And there are numbers for your representatives.
Call their offices and tell them that we don't want to be part of the WHO.

[SPEAKER_18]
Actually, before I release you, I want to bring on Warner Mendenhall, who is standing by backstage.
I think he wants to ask a couple of quick questions.
Warner, if you want to turn your camera on, I can bring you into the conversation.
Welcome Warner Mendenhall.

[SPEAKER_17]
You guys, I'm literally sitting here smiling at everything that you're saying.
And you're going to laugh at this.
I am working on a brief right now that's going to be filed out in California and Alameda County.
And the issue in the brief is the international standard called JUSCOGENS, J-U-S-C-O-G-E-N-S. That's the standard.
I know Nuremberg didn't solve the problem or give an answer to all the victims, but it established this international standard that the WHO is required to follow.
along with any other international organization.
And that is something we're fighting to keep in the case that our friend Angela Wilbrecht is part of, against the regents of the University of California system.
So we have filed a class action there representing those 220,000 people.
That was cracking me up.
There are some mechanisms out there.
I am not an international lawyer, though, I confess, though we are using international law in that case.
And we do need to get a group of international lawyers together to discuss these issues.
And in fact, the lawyers coming out of the COVID litigation conferences, you know, Olivia, I told you before I got on, we are now up to 250 some lawyers in the group.
And really, what has happened in the lawyers getting together is we've been working on, well, what do we need to do?
What kind of system, Andrea, what kind of system do we need to build to move this thing?
And also the other issue that is absolutely critical that I think we're just starting to get glimmers of and begin to understand is how powerful all the victims really are.
So we do have this conference coming up.
I appreciate the time to talk about it briefly.
This is an outgrowth of the COVID litigation, one in two conferences, the attorneys that attended there, but we're moving on into some other areas, just sort of, I would call it post-COVID.
So we're looking at the gender issues, we're looking at the schooling issues, we're looking at medicalization of childhood, all of these issues.
And the thing that happens right now, I mean, the way a lawyer figures out what to do in part, we don't always know off the bat, but we have a conversation.
And that conversation starts with everyone out there that's listening.
And there's a couple of pathways that we're building.
Some are more complete and developed than others.
One is for all the vaccine injured to have a mechanism to hold the providers accountable for what they did.
the lack of informed consent, the lack of reporting the injury.
We did file a lawsuit, which is going to be a model, I hope, for other lawsuits around the country.
That's the Bears lawsuit that Deb Conrad brought against Rochester Regional Hospital.
And you've had her on your show.
She's a fantastic spokesperson for the movement, for everything that everybody's trying to do.
But what I want to emphasize
is that was obviously a very special case.
We figured it out.
We figured out a pathway.
But that pathway can be accessed by every injured person as well.
And that's what we're doing in terms of our conversations with the injured.
We've been on this week already on Twitter and some other spaces about this.
But we are building a system
where your information, what you know, can result in a lawsuit for accountability.
Most people have no idea that this even exists, but there is a penalty available if a provider failed to report to the Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System.
That penalty is in excess of $20,000 per failure.
So Rochester Regional, for example, had 12,000 some failures, right?
Just do the math.
That's a lot.
That's a huge number.
But you don't need that many to be documented.
If the injured and they are coming together, I can tell you that right now, because we have been really talking about this.
And at our conference, in fact, we're going to make a focus
on building the pathways, listening to the injured, what's going on, what are some pathways we've identified.
And then additionally, you know, what's always important to your listeners, again, what you bring to us.
So we're creating an environment that, yes, we've got a bunch of attorneys, we've got a bunch of doctors, we have a bunch of scientists.
And all that is necessary.
But when we deal with people who've been victimized by the shot, deal with people who were killed by, you know, at family and loved ones, killed by hospital protocols, you guys all have that information that we actually need badly.
And we can compile that information.
And for example, let's just take one example.
Let's say we have hospital A.
And if we've got the people who've been injured by the shot or even by death by hospital protocol,
That data is critical.
We already have thousands of them.
I mean, you know, React 19, Brie Dressen's organization, I think she's accumulated, you know, over 20,000 some stories.
You know, we were working with, you know, former feds and what they're doing, they've accumulated 1200 or so video stories.
We're figuring out right now
how to use that data in order to create cohorts of people, you people, in terms of holding the system accountable.
And I'm going to say this too, even if, let's say you had a, and I'm mixing up the two programs right now a little bit, but even if you don't have a personal, say medical malpractice case or whatever, the data itself is important because we all know
that there are patterns of fraud in the activities of the hospitals and the providers.
Your data, by submitting it, by working on this, help us to see the patterns of fraud that occurred.
And then we can actually, as individual citizens, under one of my favorite statutes, the False Claims Act, you have standing to bring the lawsuit.
So you can see how you could build a group that would go after hospital A for whatever reason, whether it's a failure to report to VAERS, whether it's death by hospital protocol, whatever that is.
And there's so much more going on out there.
I'm going to give you one other issue that's not medical related.
I'll shift off that a little bit.
The PPP fraud.
I was on the phone this afternoon.
Oh my God, an attorney called me and says, I've got 200 PPP fraud cases that we've identified.
I can't even file them all.
So that's where it's important for us as attorneys, you know, to first of all, talk to the victims to see what information they have so that we can understand the field that we're working in.

[SPEAKER_18]
Can you explain for our audience what the PPP stands for, just for those that don't know?

[SPEAKER_17]
I'm sorry.
It's the hundreds of billions of dollars that were spent in the payroll protection program.
We have a little case that we filed.
The guy got all this money and he went on vacation and he bought a vacation home and all that stuff.
But you've heard the stories about the Lamborghinis.
They're true.
And they're true at a massive, massive, unbelievable level.
So the other one is the idle loans, the economic impact loans as well.

[SPEAKER_18]
There were the SBA loans for those that had to take out a loan.
They weren't the essential workers, so they had to borrow money, but they couldn't go to work.

[SPEAKER_17]
What we have seen, though, is that I can sit here and tell you some legal theories at work, but we can't move without people.
We absolutely cannot move without people.
And I just want to keep coming back to this.
Your listeners have the data that we need in those three major pandemic areas.
You know, and you guys mentioned earlier Charles Murray's book.
I'm going to hold up another one of his.

[SPEAKER_03]
It was very convenient that you had that next to you.

[SPEAKER_17]
Well, when you mentioned the book, I went and pulled it up my bookshelf.

[SPEAKER_18]
So, Andrea, are you bringing any vaccine-injured people to?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, we will have, Bre Dressen will be there, Ernesto Ramirez will be there, and then we have some vaccine-injured from Europe.
that we'll be attending because I want to really highlight something at Werner saying that Patrice has said, and that I, you know, it's the horse that I'm beating dead, but there's such a belief that as an individual, just an individual citizen, what could I do?
How could I play a role?
And a looking to the experts, whether it's the opposition's experts or the experts in this movement for an answer, but never underestimate the value of lived experience.
We can only do what we do if we understand the lived experiences of all of the people who have suffered through the trials and tribulations that we just suffered through.
And so it is incredibly important.
How do eight billion people come together?
We use our voice and we share our stories and you sign up for the email list and you participate in the research and you give in.
You don't have to have the money to hire a personal attorney.
You just need to share your story.
Enter your data.
Put your data into theirs.
Report your data.
We're in an information war and data is our greatest weapon.
So report it, have it there so that Warner and his colleagues could use that data in the opposition.
This is what coordinated action looks like.
We don't all have to sit around a table and do it together.
We all just need to do our little part and the little puzzle piece part.
No one, there is no one person who's going to get us out of this mess.
It's when everybody does their little tiny thing that it all accumulates and change happens.

[SPEAKER_17]
You're preaching to the choir.
It is just phenomenal.
I mean, I have a small firm, so we're certainly at our lawsuit limits, so to speak.
I mean, we do everything we can, but that was really the essential thing that we've learned is that we have got to duplicate, duplicate, duplicate.
And we have, from the beginning,
shared everything possible with the attorneys.
And then I cannot emphasize enough.
It's us listening and being in conversation with all of the different communities that actually gets us thinking.
What can we do?
And these attorneys are prone to this.
These are not attorneys who sat back.
I know you guys, I know people don't think there's attorneys doing anything, but I got 250.
They're out there.
You know, we're linked with, you know, on all the other great groups out there.
I'm going to miss one, I'm sure, but Liberty Council has been fantastic.
Children's Health Defense, fantastic.
Gavel Project, Silent Majority.
You know, and then we've had such great support from the doctors' organizations, Truth for Health Foundation, FLCCC, VSRF, of course.
That's right.
It's been absolutely fantastic.
And we would have never had the COVID Litigation Conference without VSRF and Steve Kersh's help.
So, you know, we are starting to come together.
So I'm very pleased to make your guys
I have known Kat for a little while, but I really appreciate hearing from you.

[SPEAKER_18]
Can you just tell us one more time about this conference in Denver?

[SPEAKER_17]
Yes, it's June 8th and 9th.
It's a Saturday and a Sunday, June 8th and 9th.
And Brie is actually going to be there too, so she's doing a lot of travel.
We are making a very special effort to work on the, especially the doctors, defending doctors,
working on these cohorts of vaccine injury and the processes that we can do, and frankly, just having a conversation with attorneys.
If you show up, you can have a conversation with attorneys.
That is how it triggers us to think about things.
We're all in our little boxes.
We've been doing whatever litigation for years and
I mean, I'm guilty.
Okay.
I'm 62 years old.
I litigate one at a time, one case at a time, one client at a time.
And I'm having to really change how I think, you know, in order to try to adapt to the new reality.
But we're going to rebuild Liberty without permission, you guys.

[SPEAKER_16]
And when?

[SPEAKER_17]
We're going to win.
I have no doubt about it.
And you know why?
Again, it's the people.
If you think about it, millions of people voted with their feet and they walked off the job.
We've lost a million health care workers since the beginning of the pandemic who quit over mandates.
And I mean, that's a huge cohort to rebuild medicine, for one.
It's also a huge cohort that we deal with every day in litigation.
And they provide expertise and experience and knowledge as to the frauds that are happening inside the hospitals and the drug stores.
And we also get whistleblowers from government, as you all know.
I think the Patriots are coming together and we vastly outnumber the treasonous traders.

[SPEAKER_18]
Absolutely.
Yeah.
And let's hope the elections show that people will go to the ballot box in November.

[SPEAKER_17]
One of the things we're going to deal with at the conference a little bit, we have a great speaker on election fraud.
And so we're going right at election fraud.
We're going to touch that third rail a little bit at our conference and discuss it.
In fact, he's meeting with me tomorrow to prepare the discussion.
And I'll just sort of leave that out there.
I do want to say this, because I actually have been a politician, as some people know.
The politicians got to be pushed.
It doesn't matter who's in there.
If it's Biden, Trump or RFK, we got to push all of them.
We've got to provide the guardrails for their activities and behaviors and make sure they're not messing us up.
And I think that, again, with the millions of people who have awakened because of their sacrifices, I think we have a cohort of people that can do that and are adequate to the task.
But no politicians are responsive to people.
First, they're responsive to the money.
We all know that.
Money's first.
But that money, if they've got people breathing down their neck,
If they've got people showing up at the council meeting or the state legislature or the Senate, you know, they also have to live in the community.
They have to face the people and they are responsive when we're banded together strongly enough.

[SPEAKER_03]
There's a really important point that Warner's making that I just want to highlight and that is that what happened in the pandemic was so many people woke up.
Like Werner said, we spoke with our feet.
People walked out of their jobs.
They, you know, look at the truckers in Ottawa.
They crumbled the infrastructure.
They showed who has the power.
But we also got tired because we played defense so strongly.
And when you play defense, you get tired.
And what's happening now is that a lot of people believe that we're back to the status quo.
They forgot what normal looked like before the pandemic and they've accepted that this is normal.
And look, everything's back to normal.
Let's go on with our life.
That's also what the globalists want us to do, because what they're doing is not resting.
What they're doing with the pandemic treaty, as Kat and Patrice said, is they're reviewing their data.
They're looking at what was effective.
They're looking at what was ineffective.
They're looking at how we stopped them the hardest and they're developing strategies and tactics to counter that the next time.
And so while there's a tendency to be tired right now, this is the time where we should be strategizing and amping up.
because the next thing is coming.
And if we're back to the same, when they come around the second time, then we're going to be back to playing the same defensive strategies, except they're going to have a new war and a new weaponry.
So the onus is on us now to do all of the things that Warner is talking about, because now is the time to stay awake and not fall back asleep so that we can be stronger and better and bigger in the future.

[SPEAKER_18]
Well said, Andrea.
Well said.
I want to thank you all for being here tonight and sharing all of your knowledge and helping us understand what's going on with the World Health Organization and Warner for coming in.
The last minute, I really appreciate you always seeing you and having you here.

[SPEAKER_17]
No, I so appreciate you.
And I couldn't believe what I was hearing.
You guys are right down the middle of the highway in terms of what I think needs to be people we need to be aware of, we need to do.
And, you know, we have got such a great conversation we're going to have in Denver with victims, with lawyers, with experts, whatever, you know, together with all the different cohorts of people, we're going to we're going to win this fight.
But I, but you're right.
I mean, it's not good.
It's going to involve a lot of sacrifice.
I, and I know many millions have sacrificed already, but, uh, we're, we're here to figure out the process.

[SPEAKER_18]
Yes, we will win as Steve likes to say, uh, cat, any parting words for, for us?
I know you have to also leave Sue.
I want to tell everyone to hang on cause I got a few announcements and a great closing video with Mickey Willis, but any parting words, uh, Dr. Lindley before I let you all go.

[SPEAKER_15]
I would just say like Andrea said, we are the eighth billion.
So Watch for Geneva project is coming up.
Let's that be our start.
Let's that be our beginning of reclaiming our life, reclaiming our hopes, our dreams for our children.
And no matter what happens at the World Health Organization, there's just one step, one roadblock.
We're gonna get over that and find something else to do.
And we're all gonna work together.
to really truly create a better future for our children because I would venture to say that's all we actually want at the end of the day.

[SPEAKER_18]
Amen, Kat.
Well, Patrice, Andrea, Kat, Warner, thank you all for being here this evening.
Really appreciate you here at BSRF Live.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_02]
Thank you for having me and nice to meet you.

[SPEAKER_17]
Yeah, please connect this up.
I don't have Patrice or Andrea's information.

[SPEAKER_15]
I'll connect you guys.

[SPEAKER_17]
Yeah, we'll make sure to connect you.

[SPEAKER_18]
Kat, thank you for doing such a superb job being a guest host tonight.
And I hope you come back and do it again soon.

[SPEAKER_15]
Looking forward to it.

[SPEAKER_18]
OK, have a great evening.
Everyone else hang in there for a little bit.
I want to talk about our donor spotlight.
If you can help us right now by texting to text VSRF to 53555 and please give what you can.
So please support VSRF today.
And speaking of support, here is another amazing donor spotlight for this week's show.
For tonight's amazing donor spotlight, Jay from NC,
Dear Mr. Kersh, I love your VSRF podcasts, interviews, and daily newsletter.
It's because of your research, along with CHD, Drs.
McCullough, Naomi Wolf, and John Campbell's podcasts, et cetera.
I am wiser and more knowledgeable than many others for knowing the truth.
I am so very thankful for your newsletters and investigative research.
Here is a small donation to help with your continued efforts.
Thank you so much, Jay from NC.
We appreciate your support.
And, um,
Also, I want to remind everyone that you can get our swag in our VSRF shop.
Don't forget to go to VSRF.org and hit the shop button and you can get your favorite merchandise there.
That's another way to help us.
So, yeah, shop for the misinformation super spreader gear.
That's a really good one.
And also the VSRF gear and all the other stuff we have in our shop.
A great way to help us.
And then I want to remind everyone that next week is our
In our episode next week, it's going to be epic.
We're hosting a special fundraiser benefit for VSRF.
And we have some surprises in store for you.
Joining Steve, Mickey Willis and Deepak as a special guest is the one and only JP Sears has been added to next week's show.
And you won't want to miss his hilarious insights.
And that's not all.
Our very own Steve Kirsch will be singing karaoke.
Trust me, you don't want to miss this.
There will be laughs, music and a good time had by all.
Tune in for next week or tune in next week for a night of fun and support for a great cause.
Please join us and make sure to donate so VSRF can stay alive into 2025.
And now I want to sign off tonight.
Speaking of next week's show, I interviewed Mickey Willis way back at Defeat the Mandates Los Angeles.
And here's a little excerpt from that interview, as well as a trailer for PlanDemic the musical, which will be premiering at the Malibu Film Festival.
And we'll have Mickey on and some of the artists on in his film next week.
Have a great every weekend, everyone.
And thank you for joining us.
We'll see you all next week.

[UNKNOWN]
for more information on the

[SPEAKER_13]
I would say that I'm doing this for all of us.
I think that's, you know, our lives, our future, our fate, and our next generations are on the line in a really big way.
And America is the firewall for the rest of the world.
And a lot of other countries don't even realize that.
And the reason they're attacking America so hard is because if they can tear it down, then the access to what they want to do and the agenda to really control all nations is possible.
America will stop that and America is stopping that so I'm here to play my little role in that with so many other incredible brave people Thousands of doctors at this point that have risked it all and have given given it all up literally their their livelihoods their their credentials that they worked so hard for and studied years for
and high-paying jobs, and all in the name of humanity.
And so for me, it's a very inspiring thing to see what humanity is capable of when something occurs that's so much bigger than their own identity and selfish desires.
Speaking out revealed something for me personally, very personal to me, and that is we all have a weakness, an Achilles heel, if you will.
And I didn't know the degree to which I was so dependent upon being liked.
And when I suddenly stepped out of my collective agreement of my tribe, which I now view as a cult that I escaped, it was evident that the people that I, so many people that I called friends for years, some 20 years or so, were accomplices
and cult members, but not bonded by true love.
And so when people ask me, you know, have you lost a lot of friends?
I now say not one.
I lost a lot of people I thought were friends.
But friends don't behave that way.
Friends can have disagreements.
You can have a friend that's a Democrat if you're Republican and vice versa.
And you can have completely polarized viewpoints and you can still love each other and have a great time.
But this particular cult that I was involved in, which I would say the cult of the far left, that's not their agreement.
Their agreement is you fall in line with every single ideological point that we believe in or you are a traitor.
So I got called traitor, domestic terrorist, death threats, everything you can imagine.
And on top of all that, there was definitely a period where it was like, what have I done?
Will I ever come back from this?
But I had to keep reminding myself that that's not what matters.
What matters is history will remember, and I'm telling the truth.
And I'm going to stand by that.
And the reward of that is now evident in my life in
the incredible people, the community that has now occupied my life, true friends, people that love me for me, not based upon agreement, people that truly support, that have the foresight to see what's really going on and the courage to do something about it.
And so as the people rise up, which really, thanks to COVID, I had never thought in my lifetime that I would see
The awakening happened in this way.
This is not the great reset, it is the great awakening.
That's what's really occurring right now, so it's an incredible time to be alive.

[SPEAKER_04]
Awakening Come on, breathe it in It's the moment we've been praying for Like trees Roots woven underground Growing so strong No stone will ever break us down Seeds turned to treasure
We were born for this moment Standing strong together We're standing anywhere together We remember who we are
