[SPEAKER_04]
This is a brand new song.
This song is called Counterfeit World.

[SPEAKER_08]
Boys dating counterfeit girls, making counterfeit love in a counterfeit world.
Counterfeit news for the actual fools who believe and obey all the counterfeit rules.

[SPEAKER_07]
Who's got the power?
Who's got control?

[SPEAKER_08]
Who's talking truth?
Does anybody know who's in the shadows?
Who cuts the deals?
Who writes the script?
Is any of it real in this counterfeit world?
It's a counterfeit world.
Counterfeit seeds grow in counterfeit food Counterfeit meat tastes the counterfeit good Counterfeit drugs in our actual blood We don't know what it means We don't know what it does
Who's got the power?
Who's got control?
Who's talking truth?
Does anybody know?
Who's in the shadows?
Who cuts the deals?
Who writes the script?
Is any of it peeling this counterfeit world?
It's a long way back when you feel all the real is gone.
It's a long way back when you feel all the real is gone.
We've got the power.
We've got control.
We've got the power.
Let's take control
We've got counterfeit cards for our counterfeit faith.
Counterfeit fear for the counterfeit slaves.
Counterfeit cash spent on actual crap.
It's a genuine steal, and it don't actually last.
So who's got the power?
Who's got control?
Who's talking truth?
Because anybody know who's in the shadows?
Who writes a script?
Is any of it real in this counterfeit world?
It's a counterfeit world.
It's a counterfeit world.
It's a counterfeit world.
It's a counterfeit world.
It's a counterfeit world.
Thank you so much.

[SPEAKER_04]
Tonight on VSRF Live, Steve Kirsch will be discussing misinformation in politics and health around COVID-19 with special guest Dr. Raphael LaTaster.

[SPEAKER_06]
If it takes hundreds of thousands of people to get young, healthy people to get some sort of benefit, but one in 400 gets a serious side effect, one in a few thousand gets myocarditis, 10% of those die within a few years, then that so-called rarity still leads to more harms than benefits.
So rare in what way?
And of course that's just one side effect.
So maybe myocarditis is rare, but pericarditis is rare too, and thrombosis is rare as well.
And all these other things are rare.
And you add them all together, and now we're talking about something that's not really rare.
So it's very deceptive, the language that they use.

[SPEAKER_04]
Good evening and welcome to another episode of VSRF Live.
I'm your host, Livio Sanchez.
We have a very important discussion ahead, one that tackles the ever-pressing issue of misinformation, disinformation, and fake news that continue to shape public discourse.
Tonight, we're honored to welcome Dr. Raphael LaTaster.
Raphael is dedicated his academic career to understanding and combating the spread of false information, which has emerged as a growing problem in modern society.
His research plays a crucial role in helping us understand the mechanisms behind the spread of misinformation and its profound real-world consequences.
Speaking of misinformation,
It's my pleasure to introduce who, according to Google search, is the number one misinformation super spreader, VSRF founder, Steve Kirsch.
Welcome to VSRF Live.
Steve, how are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_05]
I'm good, Livio.
It's good to be here.
And I continue to spread that misinformation.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, we're going to get to some of the misinformation you were spreading a couple days ago at your town hall.
But first, we've been having a raffle for the last, what, four to six weeks or so?
And we closed it last night, and we now have a winner.
And Steve, would you do the honors of telling us a little bit about the raffle and who the winner is?

[SPEAKER_05]
Sure.
So I've got some great news for one lucky supporter tonight.
It's time to announce the winner of our misinformation super spreader raffle.
And I want to thank everybody who participated.
Your support helps fuel everything that we do at VSRF.
And we couldn't be more grateful.
We've had an overwhelming response.
Can I tell them how much we raised, Olivia?
What did we get in the back?

[SPEAKER_04]
$9,000.
So that's a good nice little chunk to help us in our operations.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, so that was a great response.
And I know that this library will be a valuable resource for anyone interested in understanding the truth behind the narrative.
So without further ado, the winner of the misinformation super spreader library is Janice Ostrow.

[SPEAKER_04]
Janice Ostrow, congratulations.

[SPEAKER_05]
So Janice, Hillary will be in touch with you to get this incredible collection of books to you without further ado.
And I hope it serves you well as you continue seeking the truth.
And I hope that you will share it with others, especially those on your board of supervisors.
And for everyone else, don't worry, because this is just the beginning.
We have plenty more exciting things coming your way.
So back to you, Livio.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
Thank you, Janice, and for everyone that bought a ticket and helped support us.
I want to move on to this week.
You went to Santa Clara Town Hall.
Is this a monthly meeting?
Can you tell us a little bit about this local town hall in your community that you went and gave a quick speech at?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, so the Soundclair Board of Supervisors has a regular meeting, and they also have this subcommittee on health and hospital services.
And so that meeting was, gee, I think it was, it feels like it was yesterday.

[SPEAKER_04]
Was it Wednesday or yesterday?
Yeah, it was like, yeah.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, it's like I'm losing track of it.

[SPEAKER_04]
It was yesterday, yeah, Wednesday.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, so I showed up and I was allowed to speak for two minutes because it was an agenda item.
It turns out if you speak off agenda, it's three minutes, so maybe I should do that next time.
But I basically offered, I said, you know, we all have one thing in common, which is misinformation is bad, it kills people.
But we do agree,
So we agree on that, that misinformation is a problem.
The only thing that we don't agree on is who is spreading it.
And that I was here.
to basically offer, let's have a civil dialogue because we're never going to resolve this thing through censorship and intimidation and trying to silence the opposition.
It's never going to resolve the differences.
So the best way to do it is with open dialogue.
So I'm here to, you know, let's have an open dialogue.
Let's start this
ball rolling in Santa Clara County.
And I said, I'd bring all my misinformation super spreader friends to the party and we should just have a discussion about this stuff.
And of course it, I'm going to clog your fears.

[SPEAKER_04]
Our audience can do their own local town hall meetings.
I'm going to do this because I'm sure there's a health
Agenda on on my town hall meeting.
So I'm gonna play what you said because later on after your conversation with dr. LaTaster I want to play some clips of what the health officials said During that same meeting, but let's start with you here Steve here comes

[SPEAKER_00]
All right, that takes us to item number five, which is to receive a report from the public health officer relating to COVID-19.
We do have, I believe, four cards.
People would like to speak.
I think what I'd like to do is take those cards and then turn to the public health officer for a report, unless the public health officer would like to go in a different order for some reason.
Okay.
And the reason I'm going in that order, folks, is that if there's anything you raise that the public officer would like to speak to during her report, then she knows what it is you're gonna raise.
Thanks.
Mr. Kirsch, welcome.
And again, we allow up to two minutes for speakers.

[SPEAKER_05]
My name is Steve Kirsch.
I'm here to invite the public health department to a public discussion that will save lives.
I'm a resident of the county.
I'm a retired high-tech executive.
And now I'm a full-time journalist.
I've written over 1,500 articles about vaccines, mostly the COVID vaccines.
If you do a Google search on misinformation superspreader, I am the top hit.
number one in the world.
We all have something in common.
Oh, I use facts, data, critical thinking skills, and mathematics to separate fact from fiction.
We all have something in common, which is we all want to stop vaccine misinformation.
It costs lives.
And there's only one thing we don't agree on, and that's who's spreading it.
Censorship will never resolve this.
That's been tried before and it doesn't work.
You can only resolve these scientific disagreements through civil dialogue.
You will never do it through intimidation tactics by forcibly silencing people you disagree with or ignoring them.
So I'm here to invite the Santa Clara County Public Health Department to a public dialogue about their COVID mitigation policies, all of which we believe are counterproductive and not supported by science, including the latest reinstatement of mask mandates, which have no scientific basis whatsoever.
We'd also like to understand why, after their own data showed that COVID vaccine made you more likely to be infected with COVID, they said nothing to warn the public, and they ducked all questions about it from both Supervisor Seminian's office and from the County Executive's office.
Doesn't the public deserve a better answer than no comment?
I invite all my colleagues in the
so that the world will finally have closure on this issue working together.
We can save countless lives.
Let's put an end to this issue once and for all.
And I request that this item be agendized and talked about at the next meeting.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_00]
Thank you very much.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well done, Steve Kirsch.
That was really good.
What I found fascinating is that after, and then four other speakers came up and made the same sort of point in their own words, but it was as if you hadn't spoken.
They didn't mention anything.
during the rest of the meeting about what you were saying.
And the health official just read her report and did not at least acknowledge in any way, shape, or form.
It was as if they couldn't even hear.

[SPEAKER_05]
I wasn't there, correct.
So I have a plan for the next meeting.
The next meeting is going to be kind of a, I don't know,
Let's go through the data.
I just want to let you show you the data here that your public health officials are not showing you.
So just like they're doing their presentation, I get two minutes to do my presentation.
And my presentation is going to show that their own data that they knew in January that the COVID vaccines were increasing the case fatality rate by a factor of two.
All of a sudden, as soon as these vaccines rolled out, the case fatality rate for COVID doubled in the long-term care facilities.
So these are the elderly people who are the most vulnerable.
And all of a sudden, if they get a COVID case, they're twice as likely to die after the shots go out.
I'm going to ask them, so anybody troubled by that?
And what's even better is that I called in for comment today to the Santa Clara County Public Health Department.
And I normally call this guy and you just get voicemail and you leave the voicemail and nothing ever happens.
There's a new guy, the old guy, it's no longer there.
So there's a new guy, and he picked up the phone.

[SPEAKER_04]
So he doesn't know any better than not to answer a call from Steve Kersh.
He hasn't been trained.

[SPEAKER_05]
We could be dealing with an honest guy here.
And so I told him, I said, hey, here's my story.
And I was looking at the data, and I got this doubling in the data.
in the case fatality rate.
And that's kind of troubling.
Like, how come you guys didn't say anything?
And what's the, how do you explain that?
And he said, you know, hey, can I get you, you know, what did you say name was again?
You shouldn't have told him your real name.
No, I've got nothing to hide here.
And I sent him an email and I sent him, I sent him a link to my GitHub.
that's got the data and the analysis.
It's up now, it's in my GitHub S, Kersh on GitHub.
And it's in my COVID repo.
And you can download it and check my work.
Like it takes a minute, it took me minutes to get this data.
I mean, the hard part was finding it on their website.
Once I found it, there are two files.
There's cases and there's deaths.
The COVID cases, COVID deaths.
Okay.
And then you shift them by 11 days so that they line up and you compute an infection fatality rate and you can do that for each month.
It's steady.
COVID vaccines rolled out.

[UNKNOWN]
Bam!

[SPEAKER_04]
It goes right up.

[SPEAKER_05]
It shoots up double.
What the?
Yeah.
What?

[SPEAKER_04]
What a coincidence.
Well, maybe this new person might actually get a little

[SPEAKER_05]
jarred out if there's any critical thinking skills left.
We'll see.
Or maybe they'll take him into that back.
So I'm going to hit people at the meeting with, you know, each time there's a meeting, it's like, great.
lesson for the day.
Let's talk about the infection fatality rate of the vaccines after the shots rolled out, and let's talk about why the public health department said nothing to the people of Santa Clara County.
Do you guys have any problems with rolling out a vaccine that doubles the mortality rate for COVID?
And I mean, I don't have a problem with it.
If you warn people like, hey, get the vaccine, and you can have double the risk of dying from COVID.
Right?

[SPEAKER_04]
If they advertise it properly, they have no problem with that.
Well, they're continuing to push it.
And I'm going to come back to this subject after your conversation with Dr. Lataster, because I want to play a few clips from the health official, ignoring what you said and talking about things that
I don't know.
I'm not sure why they were talking about them at the local level, but we'll get to that little later.
Let's bring on our featured guest.
I want to introduce Dr. Raphael Lataster.
Dr. Lataster, welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you?
And it's this morning for you out there in Australia.
And you're muted.
I forgot to remind you to hit the unmute button.
That's my fault.
Good morning.

[SPEAKER_06]
It's morning here.
Late morning.
not too bad.
Evening for you.
I still see some sunlight there early evening.
Evening for me late afternoon for Steve.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, four o'clock my time.

[SPEAKER_04]
Big country.
Before I leave you to, I'm going to read your bio real quick.
Actually, before I even do that, I just want to remind everyone that I want to encourage you to participate in the discussion by dropping your questions in the chat.
So please write your questions in all caps so we can find them easily.
And if you want to ensure that your question gets answered, you can donate through Rumble Rants to move your question to the front of the queue.
Your support not only helps us prioritize your questions, but also keeps this platform running, allowing us to continue delivering the content you care about, like bringing our special guest tonight, Dr. LaTaster.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, it enables us to continue to spread misinformation.
Oh, yeah.
Then we should change that line, you know, to

[SPEAKER_04]
Exactly.

[SPEAKER_05]
A little tongue-in-cheek, right?

[SPEAKER_04]
I'm honored to welcome Dr. Rafaela Taster, who holds a PhD from the University of Sydney.
Rafaela is an esteemed academic who lectures at the university and other institutions.
His primary research interests lie in the areas of misinformation, disinformation, and fake news, particularly in the fields of health, politics, and religion.
Rafael's academic journey began with a Bachelor of Pharmacy and a Masters of Applied Finance, followed by several postgraduate research degrees in the arts.
Most recently, he has focused his attention to politics and health, especially in the light of the COVID-19 pandemic.
In addition to his academic work, Raphael runs OK Then News, a platform dedicated to highlighting counter-narrative news pieces and journal articles which helps bring balance to the ongoing discourse on these vital issues.
Welcome again.
I will be back for Q&A and a few other little extra goodies after you two have a conversation.
Take it away, Steve.

[SPEAKER_05]
You know, most misinformation experts in academia
Uh, are kind of on the opposite side of the fence that you are.

[SPEAKER_06]
Right.
Yeah, that's exactly right.
And, uh, thanks for having me on.
It's an honor to be on the show of the number one.
Google's number one misinformation, super spread.

[SPEAKER_05]
I'm not only number one, I'm depending on where you are in the world.
I can be like number one, number two and number three.

[SPEAKER_06]
So that's, that's phenomenal.
Yeah.
Most, most academics seem to be on the other side on all sorts of things.
When it comes to COVID, when it comes to the vaccine, trust in government, Trump and anything, they seem to, to all go a certain way.
You do find pockets here and there, like in economics, sometimes in science, but mostly, mostly that's the way academia is going.
So it's been tough and I've been censored and canceled and all that.
It has definitely been tough.
But you're still at the university?
Yeah, in a casual capacity, I'm clinging on for dear life, but that'll probably be going certain.

[SPEAKER_05]
Are you like, you have like fingers and they're like, you know, stomping on the finger so that you fall on the ledge.

[SPEAKER_06]
That's what it feels like now, just barely hanging on.
I want competitions for them too, but that's all over now since the so-called pandemic.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, you're an evil guy then right?

[SPEAKER_06]
Oh, absolutely.
I'm I must be the Australian Steve Kersh.
I'm a misinforcations like public enemy number one over there, huh?

[SPEAKER_05]
Wow, it's nice to meet...
It's not often that I meet like my clone, my Australian clone.
But you've been focused on looking at the data as well, just like I have in some of these studies.
And I haven't had a chance to look at all of the work that you've done.
what, you know, there's so much of it.
And the thing is that we keep making the mistake of thinking that whenever we run across something that just blows our mind, like, oh, like if the case fatality rate doubles,
after you give out the vaccine, when it's supposed to go down by a factor of 10.
And people just ignore it.
I mean, it's like, it didn't happen.

[SPEAKER_06]
I think it could be worse than that because you said that was in a population of elderly people.
It tends to be a significant healthy vaccine e-bias when you're dealing with elderly populations.
So it's probably even worse than that.
Like that's probably the best they could probably show it.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, but still, but still, it's like, that should be a stopping condition because you're not supposed to give people a medical intervention that makes them twice as likely to die.
At least the last time I checked.
Now, maybe that's changed, but the last time I checked, that would be considered a bad thing.
And yet, all this stuff just
Yeah, it's like Teflon.
You can't, nothing sticks to these people.
They just ignore it.
Like, have you had any success in bringing any of the facts and data and critical thinking skills like to, have you been able to break through to anybody?

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, I've had a little bit of success.
What you're talking about there is what I call negative effectiveness or negative efficacy if you're dealing with the trials.
And that's where the vaccine seems to have not only no effect, but a negative effect in terms of effectiveness.
So leaving safety to the side, we're just talking about efficacy and effectiveness here.
It seems to be doing the exact opposite of what it's supposed to be doing, increasing your chance of being infected, increasing your chance of
COVID hospitalization, and even COVID death.
Now we see this in so many studies, so many sets of data, that it ended up being talked in some pretty major journals.
So someone brought it up in the BMJ, one of the world's top five, top six medical journals, and I did a response piece.
And they brought it up, said it's probably because of some artifacts, some
some unknown bias and I said hypothesis, it would be nice to see if you could actually demonstrate that that's the case.
You mean like with data?
Well, is that sorry?

[SPEAKER_05]
You mean like with data demonstrated with like data?
Yeah, yeah.
It's nice that you say are this probably hand waving.

[SPEAKER_06]
Some sort of explanation, but we don't know what it is.
And I said, well, it's quite plausible that it just is that it is negatively effective.
And then I showed, in the BMJ, through my rapid response, I showed, look, there's this data set, this government data set, and this study that shows, even from the very beginning, and that's work I did alongside, not with, alongside Peter Doshi, published in the JCP Journal, that actually, from the very beginning, they were exaggerating the effectiveness and safety of the JABS.
And I showed with my contributions to that unofficial series of four articles that it's even plausible that it was negatively effective from the very beginning.
With all their manipulations of the data you could make a negatively effective vaccine look pretty effective.
And one of the ways they do that is
in misclassifying, in the studies and the trials, is misclassifying a person who's taken the jab as unvaccinated.
They will actually call that person unvaccinated.
And I just recently exposed that happening here in New South Wales, with New South Wales Health, with a journalist, Jason Oldborn.
We did a freedom of information request.
I think it's got a different term here, Gippa.
And we found that, yeah, they were doing that.
And then they claimed to have changed it a bit later on.

[SPEAKER_05]
But they wouldn't share the data with us so that we could confirm say just look dodgy from start to finish yeah well you know you gotta be be be careful about sharing data that's such a dangerous thing to actually reveal your data so that anyone can check your work.
Like as a as a scientist you always know to make sure that the data sharing statement says this data is private and there's no way we're going to let you look at it or you know we know the methods information is misinformation peddlers that's what we're about.
Yeah exactly.
Yeah so um.

[SPEAKER_06]
That's a huge topic that negative effectiveness.
I managed to get an article on that published in the Australian Journal of General Practice as well, which goes out to all the doctors.
So what's the result?
The result seems to be nothing.
It's nice.
It's nice that I'm getting stuff published in medical journals and critiques of the big studies as well.
But I've only seen one or two responses to my work.
One was retracted because it was garbage.
And another one might as well have been retracted that was garbage too.
It didn't focus on the points that I brought up.
So there's been, I mean, I'm just constantly censored and silenced and ignored even in my own country.
Even the people like us on our side are ignoring me in my country.
So yeah, it's really hard to actually get it out there, get this information out there.

[SPEAKER_05]
So have you been able to get a debate with anybody on the stuff?
COVID safety and efficacy?

[SPEAKER_06]
I haven't even had a talk here in Australia, that's the way.

[SPEAKER_05]
So you can't even have a civil discussion.

[SPEAKER_06]
That's right.
The closest I've had is in some of my lectures on misinformation.
I've been able to absolutely scare the students about all the things that the government's been lying about.
Let's say goodbye to loved ones.

[SPEAKER_04]
Okay.
I think we've resolved the disconnect and are reconnected.
Just double checking rumble and X.
If you can let us know in the chat, we are back live.
Ooh, that's me repeating.
Okay, we're live.
I'll let you guys go back to picking up the conversation where you left off.
Thank you for staying with us out there.
A lot of people left, but we are back.
Continue.

[SPEAKER_05]
Awesome.
Okay.
So have you made any progress at all?
Um, it sounds like you can't even get a conversation, um, with anyone, but you were able to sway your students, which is, which is good.
But yeah, yeah.

[SPEAKER_06]
Slowly.
It's very difficult because even the people, you know, on our side, even when it comes to the covert dissidents, the alternative media here in Australia, they basically all ignore me.
I don't get it.
I don't understand why they're what nothing to do with me.

[SPEAKER_05]
even the alternative media.
Even the ones you think would be our best friends, you know, the organizations.
You're a really bad guy.
Why would the even the alternative media, is it that the even the alternative media is also on the same side or they're drinking the same Kool-Aid or what's going on in the water?

[SPEAKER_06]
It's interesting, the concept of controlled opposition.
I know, obviously, you're not.
And Malone and McCullough, you've been much more receptive.
But some of the people in Australia, you've got to wonder some of the things they do, the broken promises and so forth.
So I wish I could.
I mean, I am a debater.
I can debate.
I rely on the evidence.
I have a science background and a logic background.
So when that nice introduction there,
from Livio was explaining that, you know, I've got my bachelor of pharmacy.
That's my science background.
I worked as a pharmacist, worked in hospital just recently as well.
But I've also got my postgraduate degrees in the arts.
Now, basically that was philosophy, analytic philosophy.
So that's all logic.
You don't want to debate with a logician.
So I'd be, you know, I'd be quite willing to do a debate, but I can't even get a talk.
Like even from the people on our side won't arrange a talk for me.
So, you know, I mean, I can't.

[SPEAKER_05]
So do you know anyone who has switched from being a non-believer in vaccines or believes that vaccines are unsafe, who has switched and said, oh my gosh, I got it wrong.
Vaccines are safe.
I'm lining up for my COVID shot.

[SPEAKER_06]
Now, I'm not aware of one person like that.
I know quite a few on the other side.

[SPEAKER_05]
So that kind of tells you everything, doesn't it?
Right?
It's like, which way is the water?
You know, like, grab it.
Water always flows downhill.

[SPEAKER_06]
It's almost impossible because the claims they made about the vaccines and about the pandemic from the very beginning were all highly, highly exaggerated.
They were all unrealistic.
Now we know they're outright false, but they were so hyped up that it's virtually impossible that people would change their minds to think more positively about all this and about these products in particular.
It's virtually impossible because the claims are ridiculous.
And that's part of the problem is that we
We on the side of reason and logic, we who were actually being scientific about it all, we were saying, look, I don't know if it's safe or it's unsafe.
I've got an agnostic position here.
We don't have enough data to be able to say.
And that position was correct from the beginning, even if it turns out long-term data sort of
you know, disproved us, we were still right because that's the attitude you should have if you're a logical person, if you're a scientific person, you should be waiting for more data, for more reliable data to come in.
So we were right from the very beginning to be asking questions.

[SPEAKER_05]
So is there a possibility that we could be wrong and these COVID vaccines are safe and effective?

[SPEAKER_06]
Everything's possible.
Just look extremely, extremely unlikely to me.
Quantify that for me.
What was that, sir?

[SPEAKER_05]
Quantify that for me.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, so I'm thinking 99.999% chance that we're pretty much on the right track here.
I mean, all the evidence coming in since is pretty much one way.
You had that recent huge study in the UK on one, one and a half million children that showed it didn't save a single life when you're talking about young, healthy people, but all the cases of myocarditis and pericarditis were all in the vaccinated.
You have that study by Rathke et al.
One in 400 serious side effect.
Now, serious means serious, right?
That's a serious side effect.
One in 400.
Yet the UK government data says it takes hundreds of thousands of young, healthy people to be vaccinated to get to prevent a serious COVID hospitalization.
That's not even for a death.
What is it for a death?
One in a million?
And when you're looking at that level, it's like, that's no effect at all.
That could be an out of...
1 in 400 get a serious side effect.
That's not rare.
That's hugely concerning, especially when you compare it to the benefit which is virtually nothing, even nothing, or if we sort of showed it's potentially negative, the benefit is negative.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, so there's a study that hasn't come out yet, but it will show that the morbidity from the COVID vaccine
is higher than the morbidity from the COVID virus.

[SPEAKER_06]
Okay, is this one of your studies?

[SPEAKER_05]
I help fund it.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, I can't wait to see that.
I think that'd be right on the money.
I mean, the evidence has been very clear from the beginning.
COVID was not an issue for young, healthy people.
And yet we're seeing young, healthy people die of mysterious circumstances.
We know in several cases it is the jab, and the families involved are trying to fight to get the records to reflect that.
But it had no real effect on young, healthy people at the very least.
There was no point to it.
It wasn't safe and effective for them.
It wasn't worth the risk for them, for us, for me.
I'm still a younger person.
Did you get the job?
Me?
No.
No.
Absolutely not.

[SPEAKER_05]
So you knew you were already a misinformation spreader when the jabs rolled out.

[SPEAKER_06]
I was working from home as well.
So from my perspective, I'm at low risk of catching it and I'm at low risk of passing it on.
And despite that, I was fired by New South Wales Health.
I was working for, I think it's the largest children's hospital in the country.
And I was working from home and they fired me.
So that's how my story.

[SPEAKER_05]
Because you didn't get the jab.

[SPEAKER_06]
I didn't get it, no.
And that's why I've been fighting them.
I've got a few wins on the board so far, but I've been fighting them around the vaccine mandates.
The whole situation is ridiculous.
I could go in as a visitor, unjabbed, sit down with my laptop, do some work, and that's totally fine.
But if I'm working for the hospital, that's not fine.
I'm dangerous.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
You're a minister society, my friend.

[SPEAKER_06]
Because of the case, though, I was able to start getting into this misinformation super spreading like yourself.
I was able to do some research to further my own case.
And by bit, I've been releasing it in the medical journals and through my site.
So it's led to that at least.
But yeah, it's been a hell of a ride.
We're still dealing with it all.

[SPEAKER_05]
So what percentage of doctors do you think know what's really going on?
Regardless of whether they will talk about it openly, but what's your sense for the number of doctors who you think know what the hell is going on?

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, that's really hard to know.
I would think at least a quarter know what's going on.
That article I had in the Australian Journal of General Practice, which didn't attract any negative responses except one, and that was a very obvious case, a very biased person.
or group of people that was in response to another doctor, an Australian doctor that was talking about long COVID and how it looks like people who never had COVID have long COVID.
You know, they're people that had the jab, but never had COVID.
So there's all these weird things going on around long COVID.
And there are a few positive responses to that, including my own where we talked about negative effectiveness.
So there's quite a few.
There's quite a few in the country that are aware that, and if you look at the comments too on their websites,
that know that something really, really shift is going on.
But still a lot of doctors just go along with the story.
I don't know how many of them actually believe it or not.
It's like priests, you know, how many priests don't actually believe in God anymore.
There's quite a few.
It's hard to know, but I know there's quite a lot.
And there's some academics as well.

[SPEAKER_05]
So you said 25% have clear vision and 75% are drinking the Kool-Aid.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, it's really hot tonight, but that's just my suspicion.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
So if you were to offer a million dollars to have somebody debate you from the scientific community to debate you, would you get any takers?

[SPEAKER_06]
I would like to think so, but seeing how my fellow misinformation super spread across the pond has been offering that.
You know, it could be just me.
You know, I don't know if you'd have better luck.
Easiest thing in the world.
I mean, that's an easy million.
They've got everything behind them.
They've got all the science and all the evidence behind them.
Why don't they take you up on that?
It's easy money, right?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
I mean, I debated the.

[SPEAKER_06]
I'm thinking of just going to the other side for the day.

[SPEAKER_05]
What the heck, you know?

[SPEAKER_06]
Easy money, right?
But apparently it's not that easy.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, you know, it's interesting that there's only one guy in the world who took me up on that million dollar offer and it wasn't even for a million dollars.
He said, I'll do it for half a million.
Why aren't the drug companies?
Why aren't the drug, you know, Pfizer and Moderna should be saying, well, let's put this guy in his place.
We're going to send our debate team and we're going to crush this guy.

[SPEAKER_06]
Absolutely.
They could just grab an undergraduate student.
I mean, it's all supposedly in their favor.
You're such a misinformation super spreader.
You've got it all wrong.
It should be super, super easy for them.
And yet,
No one wants to do it.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
So what do you think their best evidence is?
Suppose you and I, you know, because I got this debate coming up with Sarawolf.
I mean, we've got a 500k each on the table here.
And we are about to sign the documents because we've agreed on all the terms.
It took a while.
We've agreed on the whole thing, how the debate, how the thing is structured.
We've agreed on the judges.
We had agreed on how it's being paid.
We agreed on the escrow.
We agreed on all this stuff.
Finally, it's done.
What do you think his strongest argument will be?
Oh, and get this.
He tried to get me to concede.
He said, let's simplify it.
How about this?
Since we know that the COVID vaccine has saved half a million lives,
Let's just agree that it only saved 100,000, and that we will save time if we debate it.
And I'm going like, are you kidding me?
You think that's a concession?
So he's a believer in this study that's done the, they have these models on,
You know they basically said that the curve goes this way and they extrapolate the curve and they say oh it's saving hundreds of thousands or millions of lives.
What do you think the best data that they have on their side.

[SPEAKER_06]
I have something special for you because this is a bit of a scoop.
This is part of an article I've submitted to a major journal.
And I've got a paragraph in here that nicely touches on that.
that shows exactly the sort of thing that their best evidence shows, you know, the clinical trials, the observational studies.
So if you actually drill down, I mean, just saying, you know, Pfizer was 95% effective, that's not telling the whole story.
If you tell the whole story, it sounds like this, and this is the best evidence.
So here you go.
A study funded by the vaccine's manufacturer found that people in the vaccinated group were associated with significantly fewer symptomatic and PCR confirmed COVID-19 infections, starting from four to six weeks after the initial dose, with the many infections up to that point transferred over to the unvaccinated group.
for a period of eight weeks as compared with the unvaccinated group that retained all its infections from day zero and whose numbers were further bolstered with infections from the vaccinated group.
That's their best evidence.
Once they've manipulated everything, once they've done all these dodgy things and have these
incredibly short counting windows, then it looks like the jab is actually quite effective.
It's 95% effective.
But only when we ignore what's happening to the jab for the first few months, to the jabbed, right?
And only when we call anything that happens in them as something happening to the unvaccinated, and only for a couple of weeks, because after that, we just don't have time to check anymore.
That's right.
What the long term side of X are gonna be.

[SPEAKER_05]
That's- Yeah, try that.
Yep.

[SPEAKER_06]
All of it.
All the trials are like that.
All the observational studies are like that.
The observational studies are even worse because you've got healthy vaccine bias as well.
So the observational studies are even worse.
And one observational study showed that when you didn't have that delay, you had negative effectiveness.
So I'll be talking about that one soon.
But that's the best evidence.
When they manipulate it all, that's the evidence you have.
And I think to the average person, that doesn't sound very impressive.
We want to know if it actually saved lives.
Not if you play these games, if it apparently has fewer confirmed cases of COVID.
We want to know if it's saved lives.
But the evidence is showing, even from their own trials, it looks like it's cost more lives.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, it's in the US nursing home data.
I looked at the cases in the fatalities too.
So not just in Santa Clara County where it went up by a factor of two, but I also looked at it in the United States of America.
Over 15,000 nursing homes,
It's published in my GitHub, if you go to my GitHub under nursing, you can find this stuff.
And what it showed was that if you were, the case fatality rate did not fall.
It went up actually after the vaccines rolled out for the elderly.
It's funny because they declare that as victory.
And if it went down, it's a victory for them.
If it went steady, it's victory for them.
If it goes up, it's also a victory because it's caused by a confounder.
It's like you can't win with these people.
Like no matter which way the data goes, they claim victory.

[SPEAKER_06]
They're pseudoscientists.
There's no way they can be proven wrong.
That goes against all logic and the foundations of science.

[SPEAKER_05]
So I've been in this.
Do you know Professor Jeffrey Morris at UPenn?

[SPEAKER_06]
I am quite well acquainted with Jeffrey Morris of UPenn, yes.

[SPEAKER_05]
So when I first met him, he says, well, I'm a true seeker.
And I'm like, really?
I still have not found any evidence of that.

[SPEAKER_06]
He's a very interesting character, that guy.
He's talked quite a bit of smack about you, about Peter Doshi, who's thinking a little bit more like us.
He's one of the senior editors of the BMJ.
And he's published a recent article in the American Journal of Epidemiology, one of the top epidemiology journals.
run by Johns Hopkins published by Oxford University Press and I've done a response to that that's been accepted so he's saying in there we should be critical of people on you know both sides and I point out well he doesn't seem to do it on his side he doesn't do it with all their clinical trials and observations studies for some reason it has to fall to people like me and you and he's not doing it so yeah you know sorry bro I

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, I mean I like I I I brought up I said how do you explain these anecdotes and and he's and then I get ad hominem attacks kersher the king of anecdotes.
And and I was asking and maybe you can explain this to me how science works here because when all the anecdotes are negative.
And you can't find a single positive anecdote.
You can't find a nursing home where the desk went down.
Everybody you asked, the desk go up, every place you go, the ambulances increased after the vaccines rolled out.
So he says, that's those are anecdotes.
You have to look at the big data.
And so it doesn't matter if all of the reality is one way,
You have to look at the big data and ignore the fact that every place you look, the evidence is different than what the big data says, and you have to believe the big data.

[SPEAKER_06]
You're on the wrong team, so you're wrong.
It's like our version of Trump derangement syndrome.

[SPEAKER_05]
I cannot win with this guy.
I mean, like no matter what I throw, you know, and I think like, I've got him on this one.
Like, you know, if all the anecdotes are negative, you can't.
And it's like, no, no, anecdotes don't mean anything.
You have to look at the big data.
And I say, okay, here's this big data study.
Oh, it's confounded.

[SPEAKER_06]
Right, yes doesn't count anymore.

[SPEAKER_05]
The whole reason it was set up pointless now Yeah, you know in that asthma study that was done by yang Six times higher death rate
and the vaccinated.
And so he says, well, that's because of comorbidities.
And I said, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute.
Wait a second.
The math doesn't work out because people that age from five to 18, like 90% of the deaths are from accidents and gunshot wounds and suicide and stuff that is not impacted by whether you got vaccinated or not.
And if you have higher comorbidities, the highest comorbidity was only 2.78 higher, and that was in like chronic kidney disease, and it was like 0.4% of the people have it.
So how can you have, you know, like even if every comorbidity was a factor of two or three?
And I'm assuming that you die that it's not multiple comorbidities and that they have this multiplicative effect.
But if you die from a single comorbidity, and the comorbidities are twice as high, and the only thing you die of is comorbidities, then you can't die at a factor of three higher in the other group.
I said, show me.
Show me the case where
their kids five to 18 who can die at a, you know, six times rate or higher.

[SPEAKER_06]
Businesses don't make sense because the jab is supposed to be useful across the board.
And if you really want to get rid of all the confounders, then you run proper trials, proper RCTs.
And we have some RCTs and the garbage.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, yeah.
And then we have these sort of pseudo RCTs, which are the observational trials where they do matching.
So Barbara, are you familiar with this Dickerman paper?
She's at Harvard, Barbara Dickerman, and she wrote two papers, one on efficacy and one on safety.
And they got the, I think it was VA data, and they matched the cohorts, but they did the matching, and it was brand matched.
right?
So they're matching the brands.
And guess what?
They had a negative control.
They had two negative controls.
One was that you got COVID at the same rate, regardless of brand within the first two weeks, because of course the vaccines can't work in the first two weeks.
So therefore,
A reasonable negative control would be the rate that you got COVID in the first two weeks.
And the other negative control was your non-COVID all-cost mortality.
Those were the two negative controls.
Now, the problem with those negative controls is they're not negative controls at all.
because when you get the vaccine, it suppresses your immune system.
And if the vaccine is really bad, then you're gonna get COVID more because your immune system is gonna get suppressed more.
And that effect happens within 24 to 48 hours after you get the shots.
So using that as a negative control in order to tune the model, which is exactly what they did, they use the negative control to tune the model.
Now, I always thought if you're an honest, like scientist, you're, if you're an honest scientist, don't use the negative control to say, look, I tune the model and the negative control, it approves, I did it because they didn't use the negative control to tune the model.
You're not supposed to use the negative control to tune the model, right?

[SPEAKER_06]
I find the whole reliance on models to be quite remarkable in itself.
All these major studies that they're using these models, I have a big issue with that.
I don't think you can beat the randomized controlled trials, but we go to the randomized controlled trials for Pfizer and Moderna and they don't look any good.
They don't show any mortality benefit.
If anything, they show mortality deficit.

[SPEAKER_05]
That's right, because every time that you look, the mortality is higher in the group that got the shot.

[SPEAKER_06]
There were more cardiovascular deaths in the Pfizer trial, for example.
Yeah, four times higher.
That had nothing to do with the jab, but you don't have the right to say that.
It's an RCT.
If you're going to say that, then that means you didn't run the RCT, right?
When there's a discrepancy between the treatment and control groups, you've got to attribute that to the treatment.
So they had no right to say that.
And now we know, of course, that they do cause cardiovascular problems.

[SPEAKER_05]
Right.
Well, it wasn't statistically significant.
Their claim was it wasn't statistically significant so they could laugh it off, basically, because there were too few deaths.
In fact, there were too few deaths in both arms of the trial because it wasn't really a representative sample because a representative sample of people would have died at a much higher rate.
They would have had an all-cause mortality that's much higher.

[SPEAKER_06]
They said their trial wasn't set up to

[SPEAKER_05]
Detect you know the effect on death as if that wasn't what we were all concerned with Yeah, we just want to make sure you didn't get a case like you know Like if you had the case of the sniffles and we want to prevent that right?
I mean

[SPEAKER_06]
It was the most benign illness I've ever had.
I didn't even have sore throat, which normally I get with a cold.
And that kills me.
I didn't even have that.
It was the most benign thing.
And now I've got natural immunity.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yes.
And, you know, there should have been, they should have been telling people don't, hey, if you've had a COVID,
don't get the shots because you just got the best natural immunity there is, the shots.
Like, there's no such thing as a vaccine which gives you better immunity than natural immunity.

[SPEAKER_06]
No.
Common sense tells you that.
The whole point of vaccination is supposed to mimic in some way the natural process.
The real thing.
The natural way of surviving it.
Why would you need the vaccine?
That makes no sense.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
I mean, the argument that the vaccine is better than the, is a better representative of the virus than the virus itself.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
But we have evidence also that the vaccine.
It's possible.
It's possible with COVID.
It's actually harmful if you've had COVID.

[SPEAKER_05]
Oh, yeah, absolutely.
Absolutely.
So let's open it up for questions.
If there's anybody left listening to this.

[SPEAKER_04]
There's some people listening, Stephen, but before we go to questions, I got a couple things.
One, you were talking about anecdotes.
So I got an anecdote.
Yesterday, I went on my social media meta feed and three different friends in my demographic.
I'm in my 50s.
All of them were putting posts about a very close loved one or friend who died suddenly, unexpectedly.
There seems to be even more of that happening now at a time when fewer people, I think, are getting boosters according to some of the experts that I read.
So I just wanted to confirm this anecdotal stuff that you can't even bring up.
And of course, none of them are attributing it to the vaccine.
It's just like this tragic, awful, unlucky loss of life.
And I'm just starting to see that more.
Um, second thing I want to bring up now, before we go into Q and A, I want to talk about what the health official at Steve's local town hall meeting brought up during her report.
And I want to get both of your takes on wastewater.
So here's the first clip of her talking about the first item on her agenda.
Watch this.

[SPEAKER_03]
I'm going to give you a brief COVID update and a few other little updates as well.
The first slide shows as always the COVID in wastewater.
This gives us a sense of the level of community transmission and it is currently low across all four sewer sheds, which is great.
It hasn't been that low since last spring.
The next slide shows the levels of RSV in wastewater.
It's also low.
And just a reminder, this is usually something that we see in the winters and don't see beyond that.
So we anticipate that we'll see levels increasing as the winter months come upon us.
The next slide shows flu and wastewater.
And again, whoops, back one slide.
Apart from that blip that was in the Palo Alto sewer shed a little bit ago, flu also currently is low across all four sewer sheds.

[SPEAKER_04]
So I guess my first question is, what do you think about these wastewater testing?
I had never heard of it such a thing before COVID, before the vaccines for sure.
What's going on?
How do they do this?
And is that how they're using our tax dollars?

[SPEAKER_05]
Oh, I think it's a great thing.
You know, because it's objective.
It's basically, it's almost like community testing to figure out whether things are going in the right direction or the wrong direction.
So it's, and they sample at the water treatment facility.
So I've, as far as I know, I don't know how reliable it is, but conceptually,
It seems like a plausible and a good idea, but I don't know how it's affected by the severity of disease.
So here, one person who's got like super severe disease and other people who have mild disease, you know, does it quantify the, you know, can you use it to extrapolate in terms of number of people who are affected?
I don't know how accurate it is.
But the whole thing is it's a plausible measurement system.
I just don't know how accurate it is.
I don't know.
Rafael, do you have any expertise in this area?

[SPEAKER_06]
I think a lot of people would think who cares.
There's a bit of flu going around.
There's a bit of this.
We're part virus ourselves.
There's viruses everywhere.
That's a natural part of life.
I'm more concerned with the fact that they were focusing all this time on that and just completely ignored Steve.
I thought Steve made some great points.
I would have liked them to have discussed that a little bit more.
I think we've got more pressing issues in the world.
Like what's happening with these excess deaths?
And the reason we got in touch recently is because of my article on European excess deaths.
What's explaining that?
It seems like it's only the jab that could explain that.
We've got excess deaths in Australia, in the US, excess deaths everywhere, and they want to know if there's flu in your poo.
I think we got bigger issues than that.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, I just find it interesting that they're tracking the viruses that they have vaccines for, flu, COVID, RSV, right?
And that's what they're pushing.
So they're saying, oh, well, it's something you should get a shot for because you're- It's coming, because it's coming.

[SPEAKER_05]
No, because it's coming.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
So the next thing that they brought up at your meeting, Steve, was a virus that's starting, that's out breaking now in Rwanda.
And then play this clip and get your take on this.

[SPEAKER_03]
And then I'm just going to turn to two other current infectious disease issues.
The next slide, I wanted to give you a little bit of an update on the Marburg virus.
You may have seen in the news that there's currently an outbreak in Rwanda.
Cases are limited to Rwanda.
There's not been any outside of that country or in the US.
But I wanted to mention it because similar to when we had Ebola, and I can't remember
which year that was, that was prior to the pandemic, local health departments do get involved in monitoring returning travelers.
And so that's why I wanted to bring it to your attention.
So as of, I won't go through all of the details about the Marburg virus unless there's interest, but just to say that as of yesterday, there's now 62 illnesses and 15 deaths in Rwanda and the outbreak, it's mostly healthcare workers.
And as of today, the travelers returning from Rwanda have to go through one of three different airports, JFK, O'Hare, or Nullis, and then CDC staff does screening.
And if there's something worrisome, like a worrisome exposure, then they're referred to local health departments and we follow them for the full 21-day incubation period.

[SPEAKER_04]
So this came up also in your local town hall because there might be travelers coming back from Rwanda with Marburg through those three airports that she stated, um, seems like a scare tactic to me, but I wanted to get your takes on that.
You were there, Steve.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
You know, I don't know enough about Marburg to kind of like busy still with the COVID stuff and the COVID data.
So I haven't looked at, at Marburg at all.
Yeah, it's, it's, it's, right.
Yeah, you know, it's a like COVID wannabe that, that, that is, I mean, it's, from what I've heard, it's, it's deadly, but you know,
Color me more skeptical nowadays.
But I can't say much about it because I haven't really spent much time in it.
You're talking Africa here.

[SPEAKER_06]
I mean, there's a lot of things that are deadly in Africa.
Maybe you should just stay away.
There's a lot of viruses going around Africa, the people could kill you, the animals could kill you.
It's a pretty dangerous place.
You look around, you're going to find some dangerous things here and there.
Don't come to Australia.
We got these spiders.
They got venom.

[SPEAKER_04]
Just don't don't travel.
Thanks for the advice.
I also found it interesting.
She said that the most of the deaths were healthcare workers.
But what about the patients who that they were treating like?
or the people.
So yeah, I just found that interesting that that was it in her agenda for this meeting.

[SPEAKER_06]
So they said there's 15 deaths or something like that.
Like, wow, that's a scary pandemic, 15 deaths.
It's like when we in Australia, I can't speak to the American stats.
We in Australia were getting, you know, one death here, two deaths there, the daily fee mongering on the news of how many people died from COVID.
But they didn't mention that on the same day, 450 other people died.

[SPEAKER_04]
Right.

[SPEAKER_06]
400, 450 people dying every day, one was COVID.
Yeah, why would I care?
And that one was someone who was 87 years old with five co-morbidities.
So past life expectancy.
What are we doing here?
What are we talking about?
So I think, yeah, they need to do a lot more to show it is a serious issue.
And I don't know why they're discussing it locally, this seems.

[SPEAKER_04]
Right, planting the seed for testing at airport.

[SPEAKER_05]
They think globally here in Santa Clara.

[SPEAKER_04]
All right, last clip, and this one has to do with the H5N1 bird flu update on a local level again.

[SPEAKER_03]
And then the final slide, next slide, I just wanted to give you a little update again about H5N1 bird flu.
This is turning out to be a pretty dynamic situation.
These numbers are already outdated, for example.
So, there have actually now been six confirmed human cases in California, all in the Central Valley, and then an additional five presumptive cases.
And we anticipate that we're going to hear more confirmed cases, and we're going to hear about more confirmed dairies with infected cattle.
So far there's, actually I think it's a little over 100 dairies reported so far.
But I anticipate there will be more.
I think just what I want to say about this is California is a very large dairy industry and right now the screening is voluntary.
So it's just a subset of dairies that are doing testing for H5N1.
And the workers who are infected, there are some disincentives to come forward with symptoms because you can't work.
So the good news, however, is that all of the illnesses so far have been mild, mostly just conjunctivitis.
And so far, no confirmed person-to-person spread anywhere in the US.
So what we're recommending, of course, is not eating unpasteurized milk or raw cheese.
There are a few dairies in California that sell raw milk, I think just four.
And of course, there's a lot of other
public health recommendations for dairy workers.
Santa Clara County, of course, is not a big dairy county.
We just have one small dairy in South County.
So most of the dairies are in the Central Valley.

[SPEAKER_04]
So they're tracking where we get our food, specifically our dairy and meat.
What's your take on this, Steve?
Is this an excuse to start injecting our food supply, which we know they are doing?

[SPEAKER_05]
you cannot get H5N1 from drinking milk.
So why is she telling people that pasteurized milk is safer?
You can't get it from drinking milk.
It's very troubling.
The advice that's being given out by these health authorities, and of course all these guys are just nodding their heads, just lapping it up like you can't argue with the authority.
Like nobody asks a question.
Wait a second.
You can't get H5N1 from drinking milk, so why would you tell us to avoid raw milk?

[SPEAKER_06]
I'm going to have to play devil's advocate here.

[SPEAKER_05]
Great.

[SPEAKER_06]
They, they got to me, they got to me on this one.
I am really scared about this epidemic of mild illness.
That sounds like they got to me with a mild comment.

[SPEAKER_04]
That's right.
She even said that, right?
It's only been mild, but be very afraid.
Stay away.
Stay away from that raw milk.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
How much of this talk was dedicated to being healthy, getting sunshine, doing some exercises, lowering your inflammation, addressing your... Come on.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, I didn't talk at all about Ivermectin.

[SPEAKER_06]
No, in fact, I did the treatment discussion, nothing like that.

[SPEAKER_04]
No, the only thing they talked about, actually, that I'm not playing was that there's a low uptake of the boosters and the vaccines.
And it's because they're not doing a good enough job of telling people where to get the vaccines.
That's right.

[SPEAKER_05]
People want it, but they don't know where to get it.
Even though they're very confused.
They have to figure out where to get it.

[SPEAKER_04]
And again, all the while, Steve came up and four other people came up after him talking about how the vaccines are having adverse effects.
And it's as if...
It's over.

[SPEAKER_05]
It goes right over that.

[SPEAKER_04]
Parallel universe existence.
So let's move on to some questions.
And first one for Raphael from Genie.
At this point, isn't there enough data available for anyone to understand that at the very least, these vaccines are not as safe and effective as advertised?
Therefore, what is the psychological phenomenon occurring causing these true believers to refuse to admit any problems whatsoever?
Is there any actual disorder associated with this behavior?
Something like a medical Stockholm syndrome?
Why has this strange phenomenon occurred in the population in your opinion?

[SPEAKER_06]
Oh, well, 100%, I thought it was going even stronger than that.
There is absolutely enough evidence to be able to say not only that claims are exaggerated, I mean, that's more than 100% proven.
There's enough evidence to say these products should be taken off the market.
They should not have been approved in the first place.
There's more than enough evidence for that.
As for why so many people have bought in, that's
gets into stuff that I am not really expert on and don't really talk much about as a scholar.
You start getting into sort of conspiracy theory mode here about all the sort of technologies they have, all the things they're doing.
There are some studies though around
IQ and intelligence and the sort of people that took the jab.
Apparently, early on, one of the groups that were less likely to take the jab were people like me, people with a PhD.
It seemed really strange.
Very, very educated people didn't want to take the jab because they're actually just being rational, being logical, saying, hang on, there's not enough time here to figure out if this is necessary, safe, effective and all that.
And there's quite a lot going on.
There has been studies showing also that the jab may be causing cognitive decline.
So it could be that maybe the people that took the jab were just less intelligent in the first place, or the jab is causing people to not think as clearly that sort of brain fog that's associated with COVID, or maybe a bit of both.
There's also been a lot of brainwashing going on.
There's a lot of people don't have time to look over this stuff.
Like I just trust that my butchers doing the right thing, that childcare workers are doing the right thing.
I'm not an expert on everything.
So people generally don't have time.
They see, okay, this is what the doctors are saying.
This is what the scientists are saying.
Let's go take the jab.
They're all saying it.
I'll be one of those nasty, nasty, unjabbed that are being demonized everywhere if I don't take it.
So I've just got to take it.
So I think there's a lot of that group pressure, that peer pressure, and just outright misinformation and even disinformation from our leaders.
I mean, how do you combat that?
You've got these people that are incredibly privileged, incredibly powerful, and they're just lying straight to us, and many people just take their claims at face value.
What can you do about that?
And we know, we know it's not just that they've got a lot of things wrong, the government and the media and so forth.
There's things they outright lied about.
Like we know with Walensky and St. Fauci and all of that saying that the jab stops transmission.
They knew at the time, they knew that the trials didn't show 100% effect.
That's just efficacy and effectiveness.
They knew that they weren't even tested for transmission.
And they knew with the emails that ended up being leaked involving Walensky and Fauci and so forth.
They knew that they were talking about breakthrough infections already before they made those claims, and Biden made the claim as well.
So they outright lied to us on so many things.
There's also that issue that the US government went on a huge anti-vax campaign throughout Asia, and they've admitted that they did it as well.
There's no apology.
There's no, oh, we might have cost this many lives.
But they went on this huge anti-vax campaign, even if you agree with the sentiment of being anti-vax, they did it with bots and fake social media accounts.
They did it very deceptively.
So at every stage, they were getting things wrong and even outright lying.
But these are people that are trusted by everyone.
This is who everyone trusts to get along.
Not everybody has time to check all these claims.
We obviously do.
This is our sort of area to look into this.
And even then, quite a lot of us still took the jab, put trust in people that said it was a reasonable thing to take, or even just they felt they had to.
And like Dr. Malone felt he had to, so he was able to travel and warn the rest of us.
So it's like a lot of people just felt they had to, they wanted to see their families.
They took a risk here in Australia.
A lot of people did that.
They couldn't leave the home if they didn't.
And that's the sort of thing that I went through here and that messed me up quite a bit.
And people felt like they had to, they were compelled.
It's not just the case of they were manipulated and they were lied to.
It's also a case of they were forced to.
The idea of forcing to take the jab is absolutely absurd.
It's like, oh, we're not forcing you.
You just can't leave your home.
You can't meet your family.
You can't get sunshine.
You can't put food on the table.
We're not going to allow you to work.
It's ridiculous.
People were forced.
So that's a big part of it as well.
Why they were forced, why this happened,
It's hard to tell.
One thing I know that does sound a bit conspiracy theory like at least a few decades ago, it's just fact now.
It's easily observable fact.
It's the fact that the same few people own pretty much all the big companies, the big pharmaceutical companies,
the mainstream media, and we're talking CNN, MSNBC, Fox News, all owned by the same people.
You can jump on to CNN.
The CNN's in it as well.
You can jump on CNN Money, CNN Business, and look up who the top shareholders are.
It's all the same.
It's Yvonne Guards, Black Rock, State Street, Berkshire Hathaway, Bill and Millen, the Gates Foundation.
It's all the same.

[SPEAKER_04]
That used to be a conspiracy to say those things, and now it's fact.

[SPEAKER_06]
It's an observable financial fact now.
And we all have shares in Vanguard and so forth through our supers and 401k and pension accounts and all that.
But obviously the people that have the control over who gets to be on the board and who has the most voting rights, they're the people that have billions invested in these organizations, right?
By way of necessity, it's the same for you people.
So yeah, there's a lot of dodgy stuff going on that we don't really know that we can only speculate about, but some of it is, it's not really that speculative.
It's quite obvious that something's going on.

[SPEAKER_04]
So here's the latest, is it information or misinformation and opinion piece that's going around again from a few days ago, the LA Times is saying, don't be stupid, skipping your COVID booster could reduce your IQ.
It's like, if you don't take it, they're telling you, you're a, you're a dumber.

[SPEAKER_06]
It could.
There's those reasonable words.
It could, the job could save your life, could kill you too, but you know, it could.

[SPEAKER_04]
Unbelievable.
Steve, what do you think about that?
Shouldn't you, you know, be worried about lowering your IQ?
Maybe go out and get.

[SPEAKER_05]
Maybe I should reconsider.
Yeah.
Maybe I should reconsider.
You know, the, I'm seeing these studies showing all your all cause mortality drops after you get the, um,
after you get these jobs, so I should just get them every week and I'll live forever.

[SPEAKER_04]
There you go.

[SPEAKER_06]
Watch out for that Cleveland Clinic study though that said, the more up to date you are, the more in trouble you are regarding COVID.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, we found the same thing in Santa Clara County.
They did a survey, 98% of the people who had COVID were vaccinated.
It's just one little problem is that it wasn't the vaccination rate wasn't that high at the time in Santa Clara County.

[SPEAKER_06]
And then they'll they'll try and deflect and say, yeah, but there's more vaccinated people.
OK, so you look at the rate and it still looks like the unjobbed are doing better.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
So it's all about percentages.
Yeah, across the board.
Question from Tom Fratello.
What is in Australia's culture, history, system that would explain why it was an authoritarian regime during COVID?

[SPEAKER_06]
Okay.
Well, Australians are dumb.
There's that.
This is a problem around the world.
I don't want to shock you here, but approximately 50% of the population
it has a below average IQ, right?
That's about 50%.
If you believe that.
So lots of people are just dumb.
Aussies are pretty dumb, but Aussies are also lazy too.
There's that real should be right attitude.
They're really lazy.
When the lockdowns were happening, we had a smaller party growing quite a lot because of a very anti lockdown.
And I was afraid that once the election came,
Just a few months before that they'd end the lockdowns and people will have forgotten about it and that's exactly what happened.
They ended the lockdowns.
We had the federal election a few months later and that party went nowhere.
Didn't get a single seat in the lower house.
They ended up just barely getting one in the upper house.
They got a senator and yeah Aussies are just dumb.
They're lazy.
They're happy to move on to the next thing.
It's, yeah, it's pretty disheartening.
It's pretty disappointing.
What can we do except keep doing what we do and trying bit by bit?
But, uh, yeah, Aussies, Aussies are like that.
Aussies are a bit, you know, she'll be right rather than saying like, I don't know, in other places, some parts of Europe, I, I look a bit with envy at the Netherlands because they've got, they've got other problems like with immigration and so forth.
But I'm, I'm part Dutch.
And I thought, gee, I might have been much better off in the Netherlands because when they tried to do lockdowns, the Dutch were out in the streets, you know, when they, when they, they didn't really have the vaccine mandate so much either.
And that's because you have a population of people that give a damn.
All right.
Australia is just too laid back.
Right.
That's meant to be one of the good things about Australia, but it's also one of the bad things when you're too laid back, when you're too accepting of what is, you're not going to get improvements.
And you're going to be ripe for authoritarianism.
I think we need a bit of what's in America.
I think we need, you know, the constitution, we need guns.
We need freedom.
We need the government to be scared of us, not the other way around.

[SPEAKER_04]
I remember seeing some videos from Australia where they were just coming to people's homes and arresting them for leaving their flat during a lockdown.

[SPEAKER_06]
That was going to happen to me.
I may or may not have done that.

[SPEAKER_04]
I guess critical thinking is not high on the list for Australians somehow.
Tragic question from Jay Ferris.
What are the dangers of labeling dissenting voices as misinformation or disinformation?
How do we ensure that healthy debate isn't stifled under the guise of controlling false narratives?

[SPEAKER_06]
It's obviously super, super dangerous.
one one reason is that you don't have the right to do that science is not it's not like the bible it's not like we have this book that has all the answers and it never changes science continuously evolves it wasn't too long ago evolutionary wise that people thought that the sun revolved around the earth you know science always changes and you don't have the right to say no no you're wrong when you really don't know yourself so it's very dangerous especially when you start dealing with people's health
And you start making these grand claims about products that are safe and unsafe.
And we've seen that several times in the pharmaceutical industry.
So when I went through pharmacy school, the classic example was...
was Thalidomide, right?
So Thalidomide, it was meant to help people with it up, killing a bunch of people.
So that was a textbook example of the pharmaceutical industry getting it wrong.
And then while I was working around the time that I was leaving pharmacy being a bit disillusioned with health in general and medicine, I was leaving at the time that Rhofocoxib came off the market, Vioxx.
So that apparently kills people too.
And just recently we had Falkedine come off the market.
That was considered safe and effective for about seven decades.
So here come the jabs after just a few months.
Oh, they're definitely safe.
Well, Focardine was taken off the market after seven decades for apparently killing people too for a drug that, you know, pretty pointless.
You don't need it.

[SPEAKER_05]
Why wasn't discovered before?

[SPEAKER_06]
You've got to look, don't you?
Someone's got to be doing the look.
And that's actually a huge... That's a nice way to get into this, is there's so many problems at every level when it comes to the pharmaceutical industry, when it comes to health in general.
Who's looking at this stuff?
You generally get the old independent researcher starts looking at it and somehow, somehow finds something different to what the companies who are making money off the products are finding.
Isn't that weird?

[SPEAKER_05]
That's really weird.
It's very strange.
I don't understand that.
That makes no sense at all.

[SPEAKER_06]
They're running the trials for their own products, okay, sort of understandable, but you think that's a huge conflict of interest right there.
Then they're funding 90 to 95 percent, the regulators that are approving those products, right?
They're basically employed these regulators, right?
The regulatory capture that RFK has been talking about for how many decades now.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right.

[SPEAKER_06]
And then you go through to the journals, the medical journals.
So the medical journals, they're funded by Big Pharma as well.
The article that I had published on negative effectiveness, I looked through that issue, there were like three ads for Pfizer in there.
I said the medical journals are paid by Big Pharma.
The editors, there was a study that showed that editors were being paid by Big Pharma.
And just recently, you might have heard about this one, it's been getting some attention.
There was a study, I think, published in JAMA that showed that the review
support whatsoever.
But I find is a little bit different from what the government funded people are finding and what the big pharma funded people are finding.
And I link government with that as well.
I don't consider a government funded employee to be an independent research and all this because the governments have approved, encouraged and mandated the vaccines as well.
So I wouldn't call them independent either.
So yeah, big problem.
Good, good points, Dave.
Big problem up and down.
Pharmaceutical industry, the medical journals.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_01]
It's really tough.
It's really tough to deal with.

[SPEAKER_04]
Raphael, thank you so much for joining us this evening.
I apologize for the technical difficulties in the freezing up and for everyone out there watching.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_06]
That's what we know.
We know what that was about.

[SPEAKER_04]
Where can people find your work, Raphael?

[SPEAKER_06]
So basically, my only outlet is on Substack.
OK, then News.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, it's mostly COVID at the moment.

[SPEAKER_06]
Sometimes there's other things as well, pointing out hypocrisies around our leaders buying coastal properties while warning us about rising sea levels.
Our Prime Minister, Albanese, just did that.
He's copped a bit of flak for that, spending millions during our housing crisis as well.
So yeah, that's pretty much it.
I mean, I'm mostly focusing on myself at the moment.
The psychological injuries that New South Wales Health has bestowed upon me, my legal cases against them, got a few wins, got a few more hopefully coming in the new year.
And as part of that, I do bits of research, try and get it in the medical journals, release it through my site.
And yeah, that's pretty much it.
Don't expect to see me giving a talk or a debate in Australia anytime soon.
But yeah, thanks, thanks, thanks, Steve and Angela and you also for bringing me on.
It's been great, especially to discuss with such big name misinformation super spreaders as well.
I have to do a lecture on you.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, that'd be fun.
That'd be fun.
I'm happy to appear as a guest appearance in front of your students.
That'd be fun.
They can ask me any questions.
So keep it up.
Keep spreading that misinformation.
It's very important that the misinformation get out.
And as misinformation superspreaders, we have to be very careful to make sure that we don't say anything that's actually wrong.

[SPEAKER_04]
that that previous question who gets to decide what's misinformation you know yeah exactly they do we hope you'll come back and join us we're actually plotting uh an event in december uh something about some sort of like game show type of misinformation game show maybe you could be one of our oh wow misinformation would be fun to do it to tell the truth

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, that sounds like fun.
Yeah, we're in the developing that feature.
Feature Anthony Fauci is, you know, one of the panelists.

[SPEAKER_04]
That'd be so much if only he would agree to come on.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
Well, Dr. Lataster, thank you again.
We hope to have you back soon.
And it's been a joy having you on this evening.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, thanks very much.
And make sure in the bio, you note that my pronouns are prosecute and Fauci.

[SPEAKER_04]
That's a good way to identify.
Very nice.
Okay, I love it.
Have a great rest of your evening.
Everyone hang in there for a few minutes.
I got a couple of announcements to make.
Steve, that was fantastic conversation in spite of our technical difficulties.

[SPEAKER_05]
It was like talking to myself, Livio.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
The doppelganger showed up tonight.
Geez.
Very like minds.
Before we sign off, I want to remind everyone that we are a 501C3 and that our
Our production, everything we do relies entirely on your generous donations.
And it is because of the support of people like you who believe in the importance of free speech, medical freedom, and exposing the truth in a world increasingly dominated by censorship and misinformation.
Every donation directly fuels our mission and helps us fight for the freedoms that matter most.
So if you believe in what we do, we ask for your help today.
Together we can make a difference.
And thank you for standing with us.
And for considering a donation to help us continue this vital work.
And speaking of vital work, next week, Steve, we're going to be talking about the SA RNA, the self-replicating RNA with special guest Dr. Jessica Rose and Tom Renz.
They're going to be joining us next week.
And have you been following this SA, this

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, a little bit kind of on the side.
Malone talked to me about it when I was in the DC for the, I was going to say, to beat the mandates for the rescue of the Republic.

[SPEAKER_04]
It's actually self-amplifying.
Yeah, yeah.
RNA.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
So yeah, that should be an interesting discussion.
I hope to learn a lot.
I know Dr. Rose was in Japan recently or in Tokyo talking about this.
So that's going to be next week.
Thank you everyone for being here tonight and for hanging with us throughout our little technical difficulties.
Steve, always good.
I just wanted to follow up with you.
How's your health?
How are you doing?

[SPEAKER_05]
Good.
Good.
I'm hanging in there.

[SPEAKER_04]
My eyes getting a little better slowly but surely.
Any little improvement at all?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
And I was curious if you've talked to...
I haven't talked to Nurse Angela much on an update on Alexis.

[SPEAKER_05]
She's still hanging in there.
She's not out of the woods.
Not out of the woods.

[SPEAKER_04]
Okay.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, she...
But one of the things we talked about is for her to say, hey, to tell the hospital, hey, I'm not going to sue you if
You guys pull the plug on the vaccine.
We want to get everybody in the hospital to say that the COVID vaccines are bad and should be stopped.
And let's get people the incentive to go and start to tell the truth.
Yeah, that's it.
And see what they say.
And if they don't agree to that, then we have a fallback ask.
Which is?
Be the host of a debate.
Invite your public health official.
and invite us and let's talk through the issues and the hospital will be the moderator and the convening forum.
And if the health officials turn that down, that's gonna look really bad.

[SPEAKER_04]
It will, that's a great strategy.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
I like it.
Okay, Steve.
Well, thank you.
Thank you all for joining us tonight.
Hope you found the discussion insightful and thought provoking and be sure to join us again next week.
And here's a little taste from our guests and the subject we'll be discussing next week with Tom Renz and followed by another clip of Dr. Jessica Rose.
Have a great rest of your evening.

[SPEAKER_07]
Japan is now releasing a new vaccine with mRNA, a version of mRNA, designed to spread the poison to everyone whether you know it or not.
Without any consent, we'll all get it, I guess, through the air?
How does that work?

[SPEAKER_02]
This thing out of Japan is a crisis.
Listen, Wayne, it's more.
So I have the tweet that went pretty viral.
And we talked about this.
It's called S-A-R-N-A.
And I've reported on this a while.
I think we even talked about it here a couple of times.
It's self-amplifying RNA.
So it's this Frankenstein RNA that they create in a lab.
And they put it in your body.
And once it's there, it replicates.
It's kind of like putting a new virus in your body, but it's not actually a virus.
It's this gene genetic material that continues to replicate.
And because it continues to replicate without an off switch, it could continue doing that forever.
Well, here's the thing.
RNA and genetic material like that can be exhaled, it can be excreted through your system, and it can be transmissible.
In fact, we just see on the monkeypox vaccine right now that they have warnings that people who come in contact with you after you've been vaccinated could die from.
I saw that.
Is this through the air?

[SPEAKER_07]
Through the air when you breathe it out after you've been vaccinated so I can get standing next to you?

[SPEAKER_02]
Potentially.
Potentially.
Certainly STD.
I mean, certainly once you've got it, you're going to be transmitting it that way.
But that's true for the current vaccines as long as they're in your system.
We don't know how long that is.
But these, because they're self-amplifying, they continue to be in your system indefinitely.
Now, Wayne, there's something that I'm just getting ready to share today, and I'll break it here with you.
But there's another angle to this that's even more insidious.
So understand, this is Japan, but it will spread everywhere because when people travel, when a disease breaks out, just like, you know, they released the Wuhan flu over in Wuhan and it has spread around the world.
The same thing will happen with this because it'll continue reproducing and it will continue getting in people's immune systems and it'll go all over the globe.

[SPEAKER_01]
So they were checking for residual DNA post-in vitro transcription reactions as they were obliged to do, obligated to do, but nonetheless,
This DNA was not removed from the finished products prior to injecting billions of unsuspecting people with these contaminated products.
Somebody cracked the whip and kept the machine running at the expense of the people.
DNA has been discovered in all the vials that have been tested in at least four independent laboratories around the world.
And the amounts of DNA in many cases far exceed current commercial acceptance levels as established by the EMA.
This is exceedingly alarming because these levels are already far too high since they're based on the introduction of naked DNA and not lip and nanoparticle encapsulated DNA, which is a far more efficient way to deliver foreign DNA to a cell.
Of the DNA discovered is the now famous or infamous SV40 promoter enhancer,
This SB40 enhancer is a nuclear localization sequence and a known and documented gene therapy tool used to efficiently deliver intracellular elements like DNA and plasmids to the nucleus cells.
Kevin McKernan discovered the SB40 promoter enhancer sequence upon sequencing Pfizer vials, and what's highly suspicious is that this SB40 promoter enhancer was not disclosed by Pfizer in their plasmid maps as per Rolling Rapporteur reports.
Why was a nuclear localization sequence in the plasmid in the first place?
It's used in eukaryotic or mammalian systems, and the T7 promoter was the only promoter required in the prokaryotic E. coli system used for the in vitro transcription reaction for it to work.
and why is its presence now known by many regulatory bodies not being investigated by the manufacturers?
We know that the EMA has been trying to get answers from the FDA and that Health Canada officials have also been trying to get answers.
Some representatives, however, undermining the seriousness of this finding, the SV40 finding, by making absolutely false claims about the non-functionality of this enhancer, with absolutely zero evidence to support the claim.
The EMA is also asking some good, hard questions now, and in light of the fact that the Canadian government has recently ordered the destruction of the COVID-19 XBB vials, it's possible that this is an attempt to destroy the evidence of the SV40 DNA elements possible.
Will the new XBB product set to roll out in Canada in November contain this enhancer?
We don't know.
