[SPEAKER_14]
You're broken down and tired of living life on the merry go-round And you can't find a fighter by sitting here So we gon' walk it out Ooh, mountains We gon' walk it out
And I rise up I rise like the day I rise up I rise up afraid I rise up And I do it a thousand times again
And I rise up, I like the waves I rise up In spite of the aches I rise up And I do it a thousand times again For you For you For you
The silence isn't quiet And it feels like it's getting hard to breathe And I know you feel like dying But I promise we would take the world to its feet I won't dance Bring it to its feet
And I'll rise up, I'll rise like the day I'll rise up, I'll rise up afraid I'll rise up, and I'll do it a thousand times again
Oh we need, oh we need this hope And for that we have each other And for that we have each other We will rise, we will rise
I'll rise up, rise like the day I'll rise up in spite of the ache I will rise a thousand times again
I like the waves will rise up In spite of the ache will rise up And we'll do it a thousand times again

[SPEAKER_15]
Tonight on VSRF Live, Steve Kersh will engage in a candid conversation with 10 medical practitioner whistleblowers shedding light on the comprehensive web of misinformation surrounding the COVID pandemic.
Also joining, author of the book, What the Nurses Saw, Ken McCarthy.

[SPEAKER_16]
The nurses situation was in some ways even more amazing.
They allowed nurses to work in ICUs in the New York City.
I don't know how it happened in every hospital in America, but we absolutely know how it went down in New York City, which was sort of the ground zero.
Some nurses were brought in who had not even graduated from nursing school.
They did not even have a degree.
Then you had some nurses who had just graduated, but they hadn't done their practical training yet.
But in any event, no one should have been in those ICU units, those intensive care units, who wasn't experienced, trained, and certified in ICU work.
And those ICUs in the New York City public hospitals during COVID were overwhelmingly staffed with people that did not know what they were doing.
There's a lot of specialized knowledge, a lot of specialized skills, experience,
sense of what to do that you can only get through specific training and through months and months of supervised experience.
These hospitals didn't have those people.

[SPEAKER_15]
Hello and welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm Livio Sanchez.
During the course of this pandemic, it was very easy for the vast majority of people to take the path of least resistance and follow along and do what they're told.
Well, tonight we have some of the bravest people during the pandemic who went against that and followed their own intuition and their experience and sacrificed everything for patients and for people.
Tonight we have a candid and revealing conversation with Ken McCarthy, author of the book, What the Nurses Saw, an investigation into systemic medical murders that took place in hospitals during the COVID panic.
and the nurses who fought back to save their patients.
And we'll also talk with 15 courageous medical practitioner whistleblowers, predominantly nurses, some who are featured in Ken's book.
Together they will shed light on the web of misinformation during COVID that includes startling firsthand accounts of empty hospitals and of deadly hospital protocols that killed far more patients than the virus that their deaths were blamed on.
And I'm going to also remind everyone, we're going to have a very limited audience Q&A tonight, but go ahead and put your questions in the chat and we'll try to incorporate them as best we can.
And now I'd like to bring on both founder of VSRF, Steve Kirsch and our very own nurse Angela.
Welcome tonight, both of you.

[SPEAKER_04]
Hi, great to see you, Olivia.
Great to see you, Steve.
Seeing all of these nurses here just reminds me of why I went into nursing.
And all of these nurses and all of these practitioners went into it to do the right thing, to take care of patients.
And I couldn't be prouder to be a nurse alongside all of these amazing people.
So I'm going to keep it short because I want to get to hear what they have to say.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, thank you.
Backstage, I was getting chills being around all these incredibly heroic brave people.

[SPEAKER_04]
Me too.
Me too.

[SPEAKER_15]
And Steve, you excited about tonight?
You got a lot.
I'm sure you're going to have a lot of questions.
We're going to have to move quick though.
Absolutely.

[SPEAKER_12]
I promise you tonight we'll blow your socks off.
for everybody listening to this.
You will be amazed at what you hear tonight.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yes, and strength in numbers for sure.
So let's get rolling with our first guest.
Nurse Tara, she was a float pool ICU nurse at UCLA for five years and worked in the ICU during COVID.
You were escorted out of your workplace by security mid-shift because you refused to adhere to the COVID vaccine policy enforced by UCLA Medical Center.
Before we get started, we do have a clip of that that I want to play for everyone.
And then we'll come back with you, Steve and Angela.

[SPEAKER_06]
So I'm being escorted out of UCLA for standing up for medical freedom, despite coming to work, willing to work.
And I just can't believe that this is what they're doing right now.
And I'm gonna fight for all of us out there, and I will continue to fight.
And this is not okay.
came to work despite being unvaccinated, willing to work for patients to help out staff.
And this is how we're treated.

[SPEAKER_15]
Nurse Tara, welcome to BSRF Live.

[SPEAKER_05]
Thank you.
Thank you for, thank you for having me.

[SPEAKER_04]
Hi Tara.
So
So great to see you.
I want to start off by announcing Tara is one of the brave nurses who is with me.
We are six months in a lawsuit, and we are actually suing all of the UC systems, all of the UCLA, UCSF, UC San Diego, and it's just such a wonderful thing to go through this lawsuit with you, because what they did to you was wrong.
Completely wrong.
Do you want to talk a little bit about that?
Why you joined the lawsuit?
Why you did what you did?

[SPEAKER_12]
Why did they escort you out?
Your crime was coming to work without a vaccine?

[SPEAKER_05]
Without a vaccine and the testing was just getting so excessive.
I was just not willing to test, not willing to get a vaccine.
And it was almost like they were acting as I was some infected person.
Whereas the whole year and a half prior,
If not more, I was working in the ICU, taking care of these patients, picking up extra shifts.
It became, yeah, it just became a very overwhelming feeling to know that this facility, this organization that I've worked for that I've, yeah, I mean, we were, people were sick.
And we just did not like the fact that I would not adhere to what they wanted me to do to my body.

[SPEAKER_12]
And just out of curiosity, had you already had COVID?

[SPEAKER_05]
I have no idea.
I didn't buy the testing that I had, but I didn't really test that much after I got let go.
So prior to that, no, I had not.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, Stephen, I don't know if you know, but she's one of the nurses that when we were at defeating the inmates in LA, when we got sick from COVID, she, we're having a little bit of an echo feedback.
When we were down in LA, you were one of the ones that came and helped us.
You came and gave us IV vitamin C. We were having issues with vaccine injured that were at Defeat the Mandates LA.
You were there in our hotel rooms with us helping.
You helped me tremendously.
I'm forever grateful for that.
I breezed through COVID because of that high dose IV vitamin C and the vitamin D shot that you gave us.
And you know, when we were having those emergencies with the vaccine injured, the hospital wouldn't help me.
I tried, we called 911 and took a vaccine into the hospital.
They wouldn't help us, but you did.
And so I'm so grateful.
I was wondering, are you noticing doctors now that are changing their tune, that are saying that these vaccines are harmful or they're not effective?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yes.
The answer to that is very much so, yes.
A doctor I know who is actually four times boosted.
He's like, you know what?
I realize that these things are killing people.
The really big pharma is out to make money.
Actually talked about how Fauci needs to be arrested.
He's like, I completely did 180.
And I'm seeing that this is not for the greater good of society.
There's some underlying motive.
And it's good to see people waking up to recognizing all these young people are having cardiac issues or neurologic problems.
I mean, kids.
Kids, kids should not have cardiac issues.
If you're not born with a congenital problem that you recognize maybe earlier on, you should not just all of a sudden develop some issue with your heart or clotting right after you're getting this vaccine.

[SPEAKER_12]
This doctor that has been boosted four times and now realizes what's going on.
Is he speaking out publicly or is he just remaining silent and continuing to do what he's doing?

[SPEAKER_05]
He definitely speaks out.
He doesn't go out publicly on podcasts like this, but I know he wouldn't be opposed to it.
He is very vocal in the community and the people he associates with.
Can you tell us his name?
I'm not sure if he would want me to do that.
I could definitely put you, I don't know.
I'm sure he might be okay with it.
But he might not, so I can be that person, but I can put you guys in contact with him.
And I'm sure he, he actually says he knows who you are and he follows you on Twitter.

[SPEAKER_04]
Is this the anesthesiologist?
Yeah.
Anesthesiologist.
Yep.
Anesthesiologist center.

[SPEAKER_12]
So is he the only doctor that you know that's figured this out?
Or do you think that maybe 20% or 30% or 40% of the doctors have figured it out and are just remaining silent?
Like what's your estimate?

[SPEAKER_05]
I think that many have figured it out, but many have remained.
They're questioning it.
I think people kind of are embarrassed to admit to them being wrong, especially somebody in the caliber of a doctor.
But I do think that there are a generous amount of doctors that are re-evaluating what they've done.

[SPEAKER_12]
And are they starting to publicly question this?
Like out of a hundred doctors, how many doctors out of a hundred would go and are now publicly speaking out?

[SPEAKER_05]
I don't think I don't, I wouldn't say maybe 25%.
I just think that people are still afraid for their careers, especially where I live.
I live in California.
So.
It does change the dynamic of what you can speak about without getting ridiculed or looked at with a certain professional stance.

[SPEAKER_12]
So let me ask you about when you were escorted out.
You were escorted out because you didn't have the COVID vaccine.
Were there any other required vaccines that you could have been escorted out if you didn't have?
Or is COVID the only vaccine that was required to go to work?

[SPEAKER_05]
COVID was the only vaccine, but I wouldn't test either.
So they had me sticky swabs at my nose twice a week.
And it was just, my nose was starting to bleed.
It was just too much.

[SPEAKER_12]
And are they still doing that today at UCLA?

[SPEAKER_05]
I don't know.
I'm not there anymore.
I
I'm not sure.
I don't really affiliate with them other than the UC region lawsuit that we have discussions on.

[SPEAKER_12]
And so do you have a new job?
Are you still a nurse now and practicing somewhere else?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, I am still a nurse.
I actually was working in alternative medicine functional medicine practice.
where we would treat a lot of vaccine injured.
And we had people from new onset breast cancer and they were like, Tara, I didn't have an issue.
And then I got the vaccine and I really think it's attributed to this, to people coming in that have had the vaccine and then within 30 days broke out an open lesions throughout their bodies.
people having neurologic issues with wheelchair bound, tinnitus, just vertigo.
It's on the spectrum of every system in the body is affected, but we primarily see cardiac and neuro.

[SPEAKER_12]
And so you've been a nurse for how many years now?

[SPEAKER_05]
I think it's almost 13.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, have you ever seen anything like this in your 13 years as a nurse?

[SPEAKER_05]
No, no.

[SPEAKER_12]
Is there any doubt in your mind as to what the cause is?
Could it be something else?
Could it be COVID?
The cause of all of these conditions, young people having heart attacks.

[SPEAKER_05]
It just doesn't add up.
It seems more related to something that they've put in their bodies that has been artificially put in.

[SPEAKER_04]
I wasn't hearing about all these issues.
I mean, long COVID is no fun.
But it just seemed like it was really exacerbated.
Once the vaccines rolled out, it was like unbelievable how many more were having cardiac and neural issues.
And the symptoms are just so severe.
And the proximity of time to the vaccine as well was just a dead giveaway.

[SPEAKER_12]
Could you quantify in your experience in terms of these
Unusual events, do you think the unusual events, like you'd rarely see a child with a heart attack.
So if you were to look at the rate of events happening after the vaccines rolled out versus before the vaccines rolled out, would that rate of adverse events be a factor of two, a factor of three, 10%, 20%, what do you think?

[SPEAKER_05]
If you can.
I'd say 40%.
At one point, I think they started trying to blame video games for children having cardiac issues, which is just ludicrous, because then I should have had heart attacks growing up all the time.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, I grew up playing video games.
How many heart attacks have you had, Livio?
Zero.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thank you so much.
Sorry, I welcome.
I appreciate it.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yes, thank you for coming on.
We really appreciate you.
OK, I'm going to move into our next guest.
Ken McCarthy.
Ken, you were one of the early pioneers of the movement to commercialize the internet in the early 1990s.
Time Magazine credits you with being the first person to recognize and articulate the importance of the click-through rate as a key metric for making the internet commercially viable.
You were introduced to the practice of science as an undergraduate at Princeton University where you studied psychology and neuroscience.
In August of 2020, you released the documentary, Fauci's First Fraud, which was cited 28 times in the RFK Jr. book, The Real Anthony Fauci.
You were the author of the new book, What the Nurses Saw, about the systemic medical murders that took place and continue to take place under cover of COVID hysteria.
Welcome to VSRF Live, Ken, and thank you for all your work.
Can you hear us?

[SPEAKER_04]
What motivated you to write this amazing book with these incredible nurses and respiratory therapists that will meet?

[SPEAKER_16]
Well, it's a long story.
I'm doing this.
I'd like to make sure that I stay within my five minutes, which is difficult for me.
So I've written some notes and I'm gonna go through them really quick and it will answer your question.
And I'm doing it because we have very important people on this call.
We need to hear what they saw.
We need to hear how they were treated when they honor their oaths and tried to protect their patients.
And we also need to hear all the positive things that they're doing now in the face of this ongoing catastrophe in the hospitals, which is not over.
We call them whistleblowers, which is accurate, but what they really are are people who are dedicated to health, the health and well-being of other people.
That's the profession they signed up for and they are honoring their oath.
So how the book came to be, after Erin Ochefsky came out in the spring of 2020, very early, with her eyewitness accounts of what she saw in the New York City hospitals, I was waiting for professional journalists and others to follow up.
And I waited, and I waited, and I waited, and I waited, and the years went by, and I said, I guess I better do it.
So what the book shows is that the things Aaron reported were not just one badly run hospital, and it was not just a few bad apples.
It was systemic.
And it was not just a few individual tragedies.
Unfortunately, that's the impression even people who follow the COVID situation very closely still believe.
So let's address the scale of this thing.
Let's look at the numbers in the US.
1,100,000 people are reported to have died of COVID.
Over 900,000 of them died in a hospital or other medical setting.
And what emerges from the book and the interviews is that the protocol used to treat people who had positive COVID tests
treated in the hospitals completely contradicts all previous medical practice, wasn't based on anything that can be called science and defied all common sense.
And when it became obvious that the protocols were harming and even killing people, the few nurses who stood up were demoted, fired, professionally blackballed, had their licenses challenged and were tracked down by well-organized gangs of internet trolls.
The book's 491 pages.
It could have easily been 10 times that amount.
In fact, what's needed is not just a book, but a serious commission on the scale of the investigations done after the JFK assassination, the Challenger Disaster, and 9-11.
There are many, many nurses and other healthcare professionals who need to be interviewed.
Many surviving family members need to be interviewed and many survivors need to be interviewed because they didn't kill everyone.
And there are people whose health has been completely wrecked by the so-called treatment.
There are potentially
Hundreds of thousands of families and survivors affected by this, right?
So in addition to that, we need the hospital records.
We're looking at some of them.
We're examining them.
Just the most garish, horrifying things come out when you actually study these records.
And we need to look at all the death certificates.
And here's the takeaway.
This thing is not over.
The system that did this is still in place.
And for all practical purposes, it's completely off radar of everybody.
Turning this around is going to be a big project.
If you'd like to help, go to whatthenursesaw.com.
You can get the book there.
You can order extra copies for your community and your library, which I hope you'll do.
You can join the list of people who are interested in following the story as it develops.
The title of the book, again, is What The Nurses Saw, and we have a website, whatthenursesaw.com.
So that's my motivation, and that's what the book's about.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thank you so much.
We're actually putting a link in the chat as well.
But yeah, I really appreciate you, Ken.

[SPEAKER_12]
Ken, so bottom line, it sounds to me like, do you think 90% or more of the COVID deaths were due to the medical community and not the virus?

[SPEAKER_16]
It's got so many moving parts, right?
So I was very careful to say people who were said to have died of COVID.
And this opens a big can of worms.
How many people actually had COVID who were put on these protocols?
We don't know the answer to that question.
How many people were put on remdesivir when it made no clinical sense at all?
And how many of those people died or had their organs seriously injured?
We don't know.
How many people were rushed to intubation and event who in any other situation in the entire history of medicine would never have been put on event because event is the last extreme that you go to.
And Mark Byshawski can really get into that in detail.
So there's a lot of stuff we don't know, but I think the number is hundreds of thousands were killed by the protocols.
And we've got precedents for this.
I mean, this has happened before in other times in history where an ill-advised protocol was accepted.
But here's the thing about this protocol.
It was not only promulgated and disseminated.
It was enforced with an iron fist.
And that's one of the things we have in the book.
We have the financial incentives that were given.
There were incentives given to give Remdesivir.
There were incentives to put people on venting quickly.
The cash register rang every time you ran somebody through a course of Remdesivir.
The cash register rang every time you put somebody, you intubated somebody and put them on event.
It rang again when you kept somebody on event for more than 96 hours and I hope Mark will address that because it makes no clinical sense, it follows no historical precedent in medicine and it makes no logical sense.
So I can't give you the exact number and I think it would take many, many people spending thousands of hours to start to drill down and figure out how many, but I'm gonna guess hundreds of thousands.

[SPEAKER_12]
And is there any precedent for this happening for any other condition?
And why do you need to incentivize hospitals to give people remdesivir?
Why do you need to incentivize hospitals to treat people, quote, correctly?
Why would you need to incentivize hospitals?
Shouldn't they be doing the right things on their own?
Why the necessary force from above?
Why is it necessary for them for there to be protocols that doctors have to not deviate from and obey without question?
Why is that necessary?

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah.
And why was it necessary when experienced nurses stood up, spoke up and said, Hey, this isn't going well.
This isn't the right thing to do.
We're injuring people.
We're killing people.
Why were they shut down?
Why were they fired?
Why were they black bulls from their profession?
Why were their licenses attacked?
Why were trolls set after them?
So there's a lot of moving parts here.
There's whoever figured out this protocol, then there's the people who figured out the incentives, and then there's the people who figured out the enforcement.
So it doesn't look like an accident.
I think we can safely assume it was no accident.

[SPEAKER_12]
So there's no precedent for what happened in all of history as far as you know.

[SPEAKER_16]
Well, if you look back at Fauci's other greatest hit back in the 1980s, he managed to get a drug called AZT, which had previously been banned for human use.
He managed to speed that through and he managed to, you know, tell everybody it was going to solve the AIDS crisis.
And there are legitimate researchers that think at least 300,000 people were killed by AZT.
So that wasn't in the hospitals, right?
But not only has it been done, it was done before under Fauci's watch.

[SPEAKER_15]
incredible.
Well, Ken, thank you for coming on this evening.
We're going to bring in several of the nurses that are featured in your book.
Um, so if you want to stick around a little bit, uh, especially for Q and A, that would be wonderful if you have the time.

[SPEAKER_12]
And hey, one quick question before you go, which is, you've talked to a lot of people.
What is the most astonishing, you know, knock your socks off story that you have heard in talking to all these nurses?
What is the single story that sticks out is saying, Oh my God, I had no idea this is, this is horrible.

[SPEAKER_16]
There's Steve, there's so much hard to the story.
And I can't, you know, it's hard to think of the most horrible thing, but I'll give you a simple thing that blew my mind.
These patients were denied basic anti-inflammatories.
We're not talking about ivermectin or vitamin C drips, or they were not even allowed to have ibuprofen.
Once you got classified as a COVID patient, you went on to the protocol assembly line.
And one of the things on the assembly line was no anti-inflammatories and no steroids.
And ask Mark about that.
Ask the nurses about that.
This is that's unprecedented in the history of medicine.
It made no sense.
And it set people up who had a minor problem into having a major problem.
So that's a simple one.
But think how mind boggling that is.
We're talking about Advil.
We're talking about people not being allowed to take the absolute thing they needed to keep their inflammation down.

[SPEAKER_04]
But yet they'd give them room to have the, you know, shut down their kidneys and kills them fast.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, there you go.
And, and loved ones and family and friends were not allowed to access them.
They were kept outside so nobody can monitor what was going into these patients bodies or advocate for them for other anything else.

[SPEAKER_12]
Right.
So, so basically if you get COVID, the last place that on earth that you want to be is in a hospital.

[SPEAKER_16]
Well, you know, I'm not a doctor.
And I can't give medical advice.
I can tell you what I would do.
I wouldn't go.
I would try to keep the inflammation.
I would go to a nurse.
There are many nurses and I hope they'll talk about this.
There are many nurses that are now setting up their own clinics, which they're allowed to do.
And I would go to a nurse like that way before I would go to a hospital for sure.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, that, that's what we did when, when Pierre and I had COVID down and had to meet the mandate LA we called Tara and she came and
We had the IV vitamin C. Literally, I didn't even know I had COVID.
I just tested myself just to see, but I knew that I had been exposed and I had it after I got home, I tested and I breezed through it.
And that's the first person that I called was an experienced ICU nurse who knew what to do and how to treat me versus going into a hospital.
So thank you so much.
Thank you, Ken.

[SPEAKER_15]
Thanks for having me.
Thank you, Ken.
All right, I'm going to bring on Erin, also known as Nurse Erin.
Welcome to VSRF Live.

[SPEAKER_03]
Hello.
Thank you guys so much for having me.

[SPEAKER_15]
I'm going to read your bio real quick.
You volunteered.
You registered.

[SPEAKER_12]
She's not on screen.
Uh, uh, video, sorry.
Yeah.
She's on now.
Yeah.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_15]
Okay.
You're a registered nurse who volunteered for the front lines as a traveling nurse assigned to New York's Elmhurst hospital during the COVID-19 pandemic.
What you found there horrified you and inspired a new focus to your advocacy.
Erin's book, The Undercover Epicenter Nurse, reveals how gross negligence, insurance fraud, medical malpractice, and good old fashioned greed killed everyday Americans at Elmhurst and beyond.
Thank you for joining.

[SPEAKER_04]
So Steve, if you remember, she was in your favorite documentary, The Time is Now.
Yeah, you watch that you were you were fantastic in that year and tell us what you saw and witnessed and what life was like for you back then Oh my gosh Man, it's been like a long fight.

[SPEAKER_03]
I can't believe we're in 2024 already.
So I mean right around this time, you know, they were probably pre-planning this COVID and you know March hit and
I was working in the emergency room at a local hospital here in Tampa Bay and we were furloughed.
So ended up looking at different positions that, you know, they were recruiting nurses into New York, the epicenter of the epicenter.
So they remember they were calling it a war zone and, you know, creating this like,
I don't know, they were having parades at seven o'clock every night.
You know, it's just like a very bizarre type of situation, but it's something that I guess I rushed into danger, you know, like I'm a combat veteran as well.
So I'm like, I don't, I'm not afraid.
I'll go.
And then I ended up being assigned to Elmhurst hospital, which was the epicenter of the epicenter in Queens, New York and
A few days in, not even, maybe the first day I was there.
And I knew that this was a mass genocide.
It was something that I never witnessed in my entire life.
And I've been in healthcare in some form since I was 16 years old.
And I knew I just had to say something despite the pushback.

[SPEAKER_04]
What were the shocking things that you saw that didn't make sense?

[SPEAKER_03]
Nobody was going in the patient rooms and they had extensions on the IVs outside of the rooms.

[SPEAKER_12]
Oh my gosh.

[SPEAKER_03]
It's disgusting.
A couple of patients that I was assigned to, I'd enter the room, I'm not afraid.
When you sign up to be a nurse or a doctor or anybody in the hospital, I don't care if you're a janitor, you know the risk, right?
You know that you're gonna go into the room.
There's a possibility that you can catch anything.
If you don't want to do that, then leave the healthcare and go work at home or something.
But if you're going to be there and you're getting paid to be there and we were getting paid a lot of money, it was $10,000 a week for nurses, nurse practitioners.

[SPEAKER_12]
Wow.

[SPEAKER_03]
Ways, 15 grand a week and you go all the, some doctors were making well over $75,000 a week, which now I realize and even at the time I'm like, this is hush money.
Like they don't.
And it was true because my colleagues would talk about it, how bad everything was, but they didn't want to get fired because we were threatened to get fired.
And I mean, there was some patients I went in, there's no chance that they had been touched in weeks because there was feces dried up their backs.

[SPEAKER_12]
And people were essentially the staff was just afraid of these people in the hospital.
They were afraid of getting COVID themselves and dying.
Is that what it was?

[SPEAKER_03]
No.
No, because everybody knew that it was the protocol.
So we were, first of all, we were put on gig orders when we first got there.
And then we were only allowed to, the doctors, I should say, we're only allowed to use certain medications.
None of it was the high dose IV vitamin C.
None of it was, you know, there was nothing that we could do.
The only thing that we could do was sedatives, paralytics.
At that time when Dazivir wasn't even a word.
But later on I learned there was, there were people that were coming in dressed in all black uniforms.
We wore like a navy blue with all travel nurses wore like a navy blue uniform.
And they would come into,
my patients rooms and demand that I give them their blood.
And I would ask, where are the orders?
So now I know, uh, you know, almost four years later that they were experimenting on patients without the patient's permission or the family's permission.
And they were hanging run desivir, uh, even without our knowledge on these patients.

[UNKNOWN]
Wow.

[SPEAKER_12]
Who were the, who were these people?
They're employed by the hospital.
They're not employed.
Do you know who they are?
have no idea, but- And to this day, you have no idea who they are?

[SPEAKER_03]
No, no.

[SPEAKER_12]
Did you ever ask the hospital, your hospital management, who are these people?

[SPEAKER_03]
I did.
And ironically, so I think it was May 25th when I was fired.
Like a few days prior to that, I went in and talked to management about this nurse practitioner, supposedly no name badge, nothing.
And I'm like,
What are they doing?
Like, there's no order for this.
And they're threatening me.
And she actually had threatened me in the room that, you know, you're gonna, you'll be gone soon.
And sure enough, I was.
So there was more to it that we don't even know that I don't even know.

[SPEAKER_12]
You don't, so you never got an answer.
And to this day, you do not know who these people in the black suits were.

[SPEAKER_03]
No.

[SPEAKER_12]
And the patient- Never seen them before in the hospital.
These people don't work for the hospital.
You'd know, right?

[SPEAKER_03]
No, I mean,
Wow.
To this day and at the end of my video in my documentary, um, when I went undercover, the, the patient that they killed, which now I know for certain 100% that he was murdered.
Um, he was alert and like he was, you know, about ready to, to come off the ventilator and, um,
he was in the room when I was, I was literally blocking the door.
I had my hands up on the door and I think that they did that purposely because he probably, you know, they knew that he was alert and could probably, you know, tell his story.
And like,

[SPEAKER_04]
They removed you.
Didn't they earn, they took you away from him.
And he was the one patient that you knew would survive or you had a good feeling that he would survive and they took you away.
And when you stepped out of the room and went to go, got reassigned to another place in the hospital, you heard a code blue called to his room and he expired.
Was that, is that the patient you're talking about?
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_12]
So he was alive and he died.
How many minutes after you left the room?

[SPEAKER_03]
It had to have been like 20 anywhere between 20 to 40 minutes.
And they put they put me in the emergency room.
They didn't even need me there.
And like everyone was like, why are you here?
And I'm like, I don't know, this is like really bizarre.
I just felt it like deep down in my soul.
Like I'm like, I there's something, there was something wrong.
And I remember like running in slow motion.
Cause I heard my room number and I ran all the way upstairs and they blocked me from coming down the hall and I saw the crash cart and like I was like, you know what?
I don't care.
I know that they were going to probably get rid of me at that point, but I would have walked anyway.
You know, like at that point I was like, I'm done.
This is evil.

[SPEAKER_12]
So surely there's been an investigation where the police have come in or the investigators, federal investigators have come in to figure out how people have been killed.
Certainly there's been an investigation of this, right?

[SPEAKER_03]
No, you know what they did though, right after they kicked me out, they unplugged every single ventilator.
And when they do that, it resets all of the settings.
And there was a couple nurses that were in there, and we were on a WhatsApp chat.
And I just kind of, every single travel nurse through crucial staffing, that's the main staffing agency that FEMA was funding.
I sent a mass text to everybody like, you know what you're doing, you know that they're killing these patients and you're going to be part of it.
I was so angry because like that was my one patient that I worked on so hard.
I mean, it was, he should have lived, he should have lived.

[SPEAKER_12]
What was the response that you got from your colleagues?

[SPEAKER_03]
Um, thankfully I did that because there was a few in there that contacted me outside of that.
So I actually had another nurse that continued recording undercover for me.
Well, for, for everybody, um, she's not as outspoken as I am obviously, but what they did is
They went around and had all of the nurses sign non-disclosure and kind of threatened them with saying anything.
And most of them signed it, but she took photos of it.
And then they also said that I was responsible.
That was right around the time that, gosh, it was like, there was like a lot of like Black Lives Matter things going on.
It was with, I don't know, with the police.
And I can't remember exactly the,
the name of the guy with the police supposedly.
Oh, George Floyd.
George Floyd.
George Floyd happened immediately after that.
And then they said I was responsible for that and the bombings and they just said that I was a horrible person.
So that ultimately turned a lot of the nurses against me because I was stealing their hero status away.
And people were now kind of waking up a little bit and realizing that
Oh, maybe these people really aren't dying from COVID and it was just going to take a while because like if they didn't believe me then they would believe me a year later or two years later or three years later when it was their own family member.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_12]
Did you ever reach out to the New York Times?
I mean, you're in New York City.
You'd think you could reach out to the New York Times and the Times would assign a reporter to cover this and document it.
And you had undercover videos and so forth.
I'm sure the Times wrote a big piece about this, right?

[SPEAKER_03]
No, they just put hit pieces on me.
They said that I was great.
They just gaslight you and make you seem crazy, despite
I was one of the best nurses in the hospital, and even in my local hospital as a Tier 1 nurse, I have trauma experience.
I have all the experience.
I worked in hospitals overseas with the military.
They just try to discredit anyone that tells the truth and gaslight you and make you seem crazy.
But at the end of the day, the truth will always come to light.

[SPEAKER_04]
Didn't you get threatened as well, you and your family?
Like you had to move, you had to go through all these things because you were threatened by who knows, God knows who.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, I mean, I had people in my yard, I had people around my kid's school.
Yeah, I had to move.
I was, I'm blacklisted from nursing.
Even if I applied, like I'm on a do not hire list.

[SPEAKER_12]
So you can't get a job anywhere?

[SPEAKER_03]
No, but I just created my own.
It's like, you want temporary inconvenience or do you want permanent slavery?
At the end of the day, that's what we have to think about.
Do you want to do the right thing or the wrong thing?
What is it?
People have to really think about that.
Imagine if everybody spoke up in early 2020, we probably would have never even had a vaccine coming down the pipeline, but people were too scared.

[SPEAKER_12]
So your nurse colleagues, well, any of your nurse colleagues that you worked with now speak out today knowing what's transpired?

[SPEAKER_03]
Possibly.
I don't know.
It's really weird because they want to protect their families and the income.
But at the end of the day,
That's our mission in life, right?
To protect our kids and our future generations.
So if they don't speak up now, then they're ultimately putting on their children to have to deal with it, you know?
Like had we had everybody speak up at that point in time, how different would our world be right now?
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_12]
A lot different.
Thank you completely.

[SPEAKER_03]
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_15]
Thank you, Erin.
Thank you for all the work you've done and continue to do.
And if you want to stick around, we're going to have a round table after, but now I'm going to bring on another doctor from the book that Ken wrote.
This is a nurse, a nurse, respiratory therapist.
Oh, thank you, Mark.
Mark Bishofsky.
Thank you.
I was about to read your bio.
So let me get that real quick.
Mark, you're a highly experienced respiratory therapist who is thrust into activism and politics.
after facing unconscionable vaccine mandates in the workplace.
You founded Stop the Mandate Minnesota, held multiple rallies all over the state, and led one of the largest marches in the recent history of Minnesota.
You're also a candidate for the State House of Representatives in Minnesota.
You're currently the host of the show, The Truth Expedition on Rumble.
Welcome, Mark.
Thank you for all your bravery.

[SPEAKER_18]
Thanks, it's an honor to be here.
Thanks, Steve, for everything you do.
I've been following you all along, and you're a beacon for all of us fighters.
I appreciate it.

[SPEAKER_12]
Thank you, Mark.

[SPEAKER_04]
Tell us what you saw, Mark.

[SPEAKER_18]
Well, you know, as a respiratory therapist, I saw a scam immediately.
You know, I've been kind of into alternative health care for many, many years.
So everything kind of struck me as off from the beginning.
Probably, I know we don't have a lot of time, so I'll just try to hit the highlights here.
As a respiratory therapist, somebody who's been doing it 25 years and worked in ICU's flight teams, you name it, very highly experienced, early intubation was a killer.
It killed untold thousands, maybe tens of hundreds of thousands of people, this concept of early intubation.
And we can get into more of the details with that.
But historically, at the time, 20 plus years I had been practicing,
You would intubate people when it became emergent, because it's dangerous.
Intubation is very dangerous.
When you intubate somebody, put them on a ventilator, you have to sedate them into a medically induced coma.
You need to mostly paralyze them.
When you do this, you're introducing infection risks into the lungs.
You're changing their blood pressure, which requires all kinds of other medications.
I'm sure as all the other nurses on this call, you know, no, it's just a cascade of danger.
In fact, when I first started as an RT, I went to a huge symposium at a university hospital and they done a huge study on their patient population and found that intubating anyone for any reason increased morbidity and mortality by 25%.
So I knew right away that this was bull crap.
And I challenged the doctors immediately.
And I'll say that my relationship with these doctors was impeccable for the last decade, just impeccable.
I was part of the team.
I even had open access to the president of the hospital.
I was utilized on the team.
And as soon as I started asking any questions, they literally would not talk to me anymore.

[SPEAKER_12]
Were there any doctors at all that agreed with you?
Or were they all following orders to intubate?
And what was the criteria for intubation?
Because wouldn't you only intubate somebody if they cannot breathe on their own?
What was the criteria that they used for intubating someone?

[SPEAKER_18]
Yeah, so the first question, no, no doctors agreed with me.
Towards the end, I did ask one.
That was foolish, the early intubation.
And he's like, oh, but we were trying to protect you, you know, because when you intubate, then you don't aerosolize the room with COVID bull crap argument.
But the criteria to intubate somebody is basically, yeah, you're right, when they can't breathe, when they're exhibiting like a very knowable, increased work of breathing, when their oxygen saturations are very, very low,
when their carbon dioxide levels in their blood are very, very high.
You can check all these things with arterial blood gases.
But we were intubating at the very beginning at three liters nasal cannula.
So to give you an idea, when you're maybe at the grocery store and you see an elderly lady carrying a little container of oxygen and she's got the nasal cannula in her nose, she's probably wearing two liters.
If you have somebody on three liters of oxygen, it is so negligible as to the point that you could probably just take that oxygen off them and they're gonna be fine.
It's just, to this day, it's probably to me one of the biggest crimes that took place is this concept of early intubation.

[SPEAKER_12]
So this is effectively, this is insanity.
for, and I'm not a doctor, but this is insane that you would put somebody on a ventilator with this criteria, it's three liters of oxygen.
If we've cranked up the oxygen and the three liters, but like, what's the, is it, oh, they're not responding to three liters of oxygen and their SPO twos are like, what was the,
What was the criteria?
Because they could easily crank it up to three liters of oxygen.
Exactly.

[SPEAKER_18]
And not so with that nasal cannula, you can stand with the standard cannula, you can go up to six liters.
So they're halfway to the most minimum oxygen delivery device.
They're only halfway there.
Then you can move to a mass to 15 liters.
Then you can go to what we call a high flow oxygen system, which is a whole nother
realm of high flows of 100% oxygen and you can, there's a huge range you can go there.
Then you can have non-invasive ventilation where you use a mask and you don't have to sedate, paralyze, give all these medications.
There's just this whole plethora of interventions they could have utilized and saved lives.
I'll tell you, go ahead.
Yeah, they could have and didn't.
That's insane.
It is insane and what's crazy is,
I saw patients needing three liters, then escalating to 15 liters, then a high flow, then a bipap, because at the end I fought so hard and they were allowing me to put some patients on bipap.
And these patients would escalate, they'd be there for two weeks, and they would go home.
Now these patients that were intubated at three liters would die.
Now how many of those patients would have just went up to needing 15 liters or whatever?
and gotten better and went home.
This is murder.
I believe we're witnessing Fauci's probably the most prolific mass murder in the history of the world.

[SPEAKER_04]
And Steve, you know,
like all of these amazing people, we could do an entire show, you know, just with them individually.
But on a side note, Mark had a tetanus, you know, Mark is actually vaccine injured.
He had a tetanus shot in his in his 40s, mid 40s, developed an autoimmune condition right away and then had a heart attack suffered a heart attack right after.
So
Mark had a heart attack caused by an autoimmune condition caused by the tetanus vaccine.
And unfortunately, Mark lost his 22 year old nephew to the COVID vaccine.
Oh, 23.

[SPEAKER_18]
Yeah, my wife's next nephew, 23 years old, died.
23 years perfectly, physically fit, collegiate athlete, died in his sleep.
This was just a few months ago.
Died in his sleep.

[SPEAKER_12]
How many 23-year-olds do you know who died in their sleep prior to the COVID vaccine rolling out?

[SPEAKER_18]
There's so many to right in my little town of Stillwater, Minnesota, we had a 17-year-old group that woke up.

[SPEAKER_12]
No, no, before.
Never, never.

[SPEAKER_18]
Never I you know growing up.
I grew up in the 80s 90s.
I didn't I don't know one young kid that died I mean now.
It's just it's it's happening all over the place and we get gaslit like nobody can figure out what's what what's causing this right?

[SPEAKER_04]
It's so obvious You just interview the mother of the 17 year old in your town who lost her beautiful daughter to
the vaccine and this child had to get the vaccine to go on a school trip.
So I really like appreciate you doing these interviews and that, you know, you've got a great show.
We'll put the link in the chat for people to watch your show as well.
But yeah, I would love to spend more time talking to you because it's just unbelievable these stories, unreal.

[SPEAKER_18]
Yeah, I appreciate your time.
It's an accident I'm here.
I was actually interviewing Ken McCarthy for his old book and he learned my story and then he put me in his book, so it's just, you know, one thing happens after another.

[SPEAKER_12]
So I want to ask you one last question.
It's a very important question, which is, the hospitals use this finger sensor for measuring SP02.
And the problem with that is that you're measuring oxygen in the extremities.
And that can be affected by blood clots that can be caused by COVID.
And so you're getting a very false reading of SP02.
In fact, these people can have SP02s of 50.
and be perfectly normal because they're essentially not measuring the SPO2 that's going to your brain and your heart and your lungs and so forth.
It's just they're measuring at the extremities.
Did anybody in your hospital ever figure this out that these SPO2 readings that they're getting from the finger sensor
are not correlating with the SPO2 in the rest of your body.
Did anyone ever note that to you?

[SPEAKER_18]
No.
And I will say, you know, because a lot of times we would draw blood, arterial blood gases, RTs do those blood draws.
And a lot of times they did correlate.
But you're right.
When you have advanced COVID, those waveforms that device is not very accurate.
So they were utilizing that.
and not going off of the standard criteria for intubation that they had historically and that they should use.

[SPEAKER_12]
So you can get a false reading on, oh, this guy, where he's on oxygen, his SPO2 levels are super low, we better intubate him to save him, even though that was completely unnecessary.

[SPEAKER_18]
Yeah, and it's, I loved it.
If we had more time, I would tell you about happy hypoxia.
If you've ever heard of that.
We could really go into that.

[SPEAKER_12]
So, yeah.

[SPEAKER_18]
That's what I'm referring to.
Yeah, thank you.

[SPEAKER_04]
What caused you to be fired, Mike?
Mark, one last thing, real quickly.

[SPEAKER_18]
So I actually, a lot of people get that wrong.
I was not fired.
I resigned.
So I fought, fought, fought, fought, fought.
I told the president of the hospital, I said, when you mandate that vaccine, you're going to have to walk me out of the hospital.
So,
They mandated, the day in the mandate came, I put in my tweet notice on my last day of work.
The medical director walked up to me and he said, Mark, we're sorry to see you go.
You've been a great therapist for us.
I said, thank you, but can you just please explain to me why you're pushing these vaccines on young men when the risk of myocarditis is higher from the jab than their risk of COVID or being hospitalized from COVID?
And that man turned red in the face and he said, I don't have the bandwidth.
And within minutes, I was walked out of the hospital by security.
You cannot question their narrative.

[SPEAKER_04]
Unreal.
Unreal.
Hope much love to you, Mark.
Thank you so much.
Thank you so much.

[SPEAKER_15]
God bless you all.
Thank you so much.
I appreciate it.
Thank you, Mark.
All you do.
Thank you, Mark.
Thank you for coming on.
OK. We're going to move to Ashley Grog.
Welcome, Ashley.
Thank you for coming on this evening.

[SPEAKER_08]
Thank you so much for having me.
I appreciate being here.

[SPEAKER_15]
I'm gonna read your bio real quick.
Your master's prepared registered nurse from Indiana.
You began your nursing career in 2006 specializing in cardiac care and advanced heart failure.
You're currently working on a book titled Moral Injury.
More information is available on your wellness through awareness website which we'll put in the chat.
Welcome and nice to meet you.
I'll let Angela and Steve take over.

[SPEAKER_04]
Hi Ashley, how are you doing?

[SPEAKER_08]
I'm fantastic.
Thank you so much.

[SPEAKER_04]
So so nice to see you and talk to you again.
You know, one of the aspects of, you know, how we get out of this mess is something that you just speak so beautifully about.
And you're actually writing a book because that's one of the things doctors and nurses and medical practitioners need to know how to get out of this because we've made a lot of mistakes.
I mean, even in my career as a nurse, I made huge mistakes giving happy even though I didn't want to do it.
And
you know, I have a lot of remorse and sadness for things that I didn't know.
And so I think a lot of doctors didn't did things and they just didn't know that they were harming people and they don't want to admit that and come clean with it.
So I'd love to hear your thoughts.

[SPEAKER_08]
So interestingly, when COVID started, I remember right before lockdowns had hit, my husband and I were sitting in church and the air was just so dense and heavy.
And I looked at him
not really knowing what I was about to say, but I looked at him and I said, the biggest battle in all of this is going to be the psychological one.
And he just kind of looked at me funny and we didn't talk about it again.
And as time progressed, you know, I was very lucky.
I didn't work in the hospitals, but I was watching very closely from the outside, talking with a lot of my friends still on the inside.
And it just wasn't, things were not adding up.
And I was advocating because
At the beginning of COVID, they started mandating vaccines, flu vaccines.
And I thought, OK, this vaccine is going to come out.
This is going to be a mandate.
This is what we're moving towards.
This is going to be the problem.
And so I was advocating legislatively.
And as time went on, I started working on a project for VAERS because I had had my own pretty significant moral injury, not only from working in the hospital and the poor conditions in the hospitals, and this is years ago.
But the guilt and shame that I carried over vaccinating patients
and probably causing them harm.
And so as I continued to dig into that aspect of my own moral injury, I realized how wide sweeping this was.
And originally my book was going to be called Moral Injury, The Dangerous Undercurrent of COVID-19, because truly every single human being on this planet has probably incurred some level of moral injury or guilt and shame that comes from either
either being betrayed, doing something, being required to doing something, or witnessing something that goes against your morals.
And you don't stop it.
And this is a really complex topic, and it's usually only talked about in war veterans.
But we've all been touched by this.
And I see this as a huge opportunity for healing across humanity, because we're going to have to make a decision.
The nurses on this call are also amazing and I'm so honored to be here with all of them and not only nurses but respiratory therapists for Mark.
But we all have to make a decision whether we're gonna stand up and be brave and live by our morals or whether we're gonna be swept away by this current of what everybody else is doing.
And so moral injury is really difficult because of the fact that it's not just that, okay, I made a mistake, I need to do better.
It's that now instead of choosing to do something that was against your morals, you become a bad person.
You blame yourself that there's something inherently wrong with you.
you identify with that and so you you begin to think like what is the point of trying if I'm not ever going to be a good person how can somebody possibly forgive me or care about me or how can I ever make amends for this and I think this is really truly the people who are refusing to
to acknowledge what is going on.
They are trying to protect themselves from this moral injury.
They might see it.
They might not.
Maybe it's a subconscious level.
But it's that moral injury that creates cognitive dissonance as a protective mechanism.
And so I'm really excited about releasing this book.
If anybody feels, if this is resonating with you, if you are hurting, Angela, I know we've talked about this.
Go to my website.
There's a free download because this, we just need healing.
And I talk about compassion a lot and it's not amnesty.
It's not just blanket forgiveness.
It's the repentance.
It's saying, hey, I did this.
It was wrong.
And then acting in congruence with your beliefs.
And coming to a place where you don't do that again, do not violate those beliefs.
When you see something, you're saying something and you're working towards resolution.
And so that is how we come out of this.
And we need to inspire this in everyone around us.
Those doctors and nurses still stuck in the system.
They're scared to speak out because they have to go against everything that they were taught.
They have to acknowledge that they did wrong, not only one-on-one, but they were part of this bigger scheme that caused so much damage.
We have to help them out of that by saying, look, I know that this was wrong.
I know that you're hurting.
I love you.
Let me help you through this.
And so I really just encourage people to grab that download, share it, send people to the website, and then we're just going to work through this together because it's going to really
If we don't address it now, it's going to degrade our moral fiber.
And what I'm afraid is that the people left in the system, the situation is going to be normalized.
Well, you're a nurse.
You're just going to have to accept the fact that you're going to break your morals.
And if you can't live with that, get out.
No, I'm sorry.

[SPEAKER_04]
Ashley, what was that website again?
And you also have one for VAERS.
You created a site to help people file VAERS reports, which is so important.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, so wtajourney.com, wtajourney.com.
you can go there and you can get that free download for moral injury.
So just a worksheet that you can download and print off.
And then the VAERS project was my own way to cope with my moral injury.
We learned about 10 years ago the danger of vaccines and I carried a lot of guilt and shame for the fact that I had vaccinated people and they were chronically ill and
It's my way of giving back.
And I think if people have that guilt over vaccinating and they want to, they want to do something to help fix this problem, start educating others on VAERS.
It is a way to reach the movable middle because it's a government entity, those people who are hardcore against it.
I criticize my husband for questioning vaccines.
and I didn't know about VAERS.
But my goal is to crack the window so that they can see that vaccines aren't safe and effective period because that's what my mindset was.
And then once we can crack that window, we can start giving them a little bit more information and hopefully we can help people because as you and I talked about, the biggest tragedy of all of this is the fact that patients are hurting and they're not getting help.
And to me,
That is what drives me.
I will work myself, hopefully not, but this is a hill I will die on because of the fact that I can't stand unnecessary human suffering.
And that's what's happening.
And we're neglecting our patients.
And that makes me insane.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, thank you so much.
Thank you so much, Ashley.
Do you have any final questions, Steve?

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah.
The one final question is the people who are the nurses who are in the system now who are working at hospitals now.
if you were to engage with them, could you persuade, can you change their thinking for all of them, for 50%?
Like, what percentage of each people are you able to even reach?
And effectively deprogram.

[SPEAKER_08]
So interestingly, my course on VAERS, which you can find on that same website, there's contact hours for nurses.
That, California nurses who are ardently pro-vaccine are taking that and they're acknowledging that there is risk.
Now, are they ready to say we shouldn't be giving these to people?
No, but I think this is one of those things where you're not gonna come in and sweep the table clean.
You know, we gotta plant seeds and we gotta keep pushing on that.
Immediately, I would say that there is a mind shift
mindset shift in probably 10 to 15 percent, but the fact that I'm not shoving it down their throats, they'll come back to me.
And that's where I win the most battles because they're willing to engage in conversation with me because they're just telling the facts.
And they keep on, it breaks down the, they don't think that I'm going to shame them and guilt them.
And so they're willing to come back.
And I think I've probably had
50 to 60% conversion rate on the people that I've worked with over time.

[SPEAKER_12]
That's awesome.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thank you so much.
Thank you, Ashley.

[SPEAKER_15]
Thank you, Ashley.
Thank you for coming on.
All right.
Next, I'm going to bring on
Kimberly Overton, she is our good friend, a registered nurse in Tennessee with a background in critical care.
In July of 2021, Kimberly founded Nurse Freedom Network to stand against the medical tyranny we are now facing.
She was also a speaker at both of our Defeat the Mandates rallies and founded Remnant Nursing Services, a PMA specializing in the consultation and care of the vaccine injured.
Hi Kim, it's so great to see you again.

[SPEAKER_22]
Hi, thank you.
Always great to see you, Livio.
Hi, Steve.
Thank you so much for having me back.
Of course, always good to see you.

[SPEAKER_04]
Always so great to see you.
Tell us about, you were an ICU nurse.
You worked COVID ICU.
What did you see?

[SPEAKER_22]
Yeah, so I worked in the ICU throughout the pandemic, directly caring for COVID patients.
And I began becoming uncomfortable with the protocols that we were using.
Nothing made any sense from the very beginning.
They have us wearing that same N95 mask from our COVID patient room to our non-COVID patient room in effect spreading COVID all over the place.
But one of the most egregious things that I saw, and I will go back to what Mark was talking about earlier, was the unnecessary intubation of these patients.
They were intubating these patients and pushing for early intubation, not because these patients were in distress, but they were doing this
in an attempt to contain the virus because once you are on a closed-loop system, the ventilator's a closed-loop system, the virus is no longer disseminated into the air.
So it's no longer about the patient in the bed.
It's now about protecting the healthcare workers against a virus we'd already been exposed to.
And they did this with knowing that approximately 80% of those patients that we placed on this ventilator were not coming off of it.
We were, in effect, signing their death warrant when we did this.
That was the most egregious thing that I had ever seen in the 30 years and then never mind the Remdesivir it was Remdesivir ventilator death This was what we were seeing over and over again in the hospital.
I've never seen anything like it

[SPEAKER_12]
When you discussed this with your nurse colleagues and said, this is wrong, we are killing these people, like we should be ashamed of ourselves, we need to complain, what kind of response did you get from your fellow nurses about that?

[SPEAKER_22]
I think a small amount were on the same page as I was questioning it, but they, you know, I said, why are we doing this?
I would always ask the doctors, especially, why are we doing this?
And their only answer was that it's protocol.
which I just couldn't believe.
We were, you know, especially knowing that there was safe and effective medications out there that was working, the ivermectin, the hydroxychloroquine, medications that have been safely used for decades.
And they were denying that and not even using as, I can't remember who, I think it was Ken, not even giving them ibuprofen to mitigate the damage.

[SPEAKER_12]
Where did this protocol come from?
And where is the clinical trial?
Where was the double-blind trial where this protocol was tested?
Because I know all these people are, they're all science-based.
They're all evidence-based medicine.
So clearly, this protocol that is used on people must have been tested against hundreds of protocols.
And this protocol must have come out as the top protocol for treating COVID.
where I have not seen in the peer-reviewed literature this
randomized trial where these protocols were tested and developed.
Did I miss it?

[SPEAKER_22]
You must have missed it just like I did, Steve, because unfortunately, it's really interesting that WHO actually recommended against the use of remdesivir in the hospitals because they did massive global studies that showed that it was ineffective against in hospitalized patients.
And we can talk about why that is.
It's an antiviral medication, right?
it relies on some form of viral replication in order to be effective.
By the time that these patients were getting to us in the hospital, they're already well past the replication phase, several days into their symptomatic phase.
So that's when I started asking the question, why do we continue to use this medication that is clearly doing more harm than good?
And then my bigger question, why is the government financially incentivizing its use?

[SPEAKER_12]
Right.
And what's the, what was the answer that you got when you asked that question?

[SPEAKER_22]
It's protocol.

[SPEAKER_12]
Okay, and where did that protocol come from?

[SPEAKER_22]
Yeah, they're all top-down, NIH top-down.
If you think that these doctors are doing any kind of independent research, you are sorely mistaken.
They take all of their marching orders, all of these physicians, mostly in these hospital systems.
They are paycheck employees, just like the nurses, just like the respiratory therapists.
They are paycheck employees, so they are taking their marching orders just like everybody else.

[SPEAKER_12]
So it's from the NIH.
So the NIH says, this is the protocol.
It doesn't matter that we don't have any science behind it because this is expert-based medicine, which is the lowest level, expert opinion is the lowest level on evidence-based medicine.
And instead, they raise that to the top and say,
We NIH, we are the experts.
This is the protocol.
Do not question this.
And by the way, we didn't test it on anyone.
Just follow orders and do not ask questions.
That's essentially how it works, right?

[SPEAKER_22]
Absolutely.
And it really bothered me.

[SPEAKER_12]
Finally, I got it.
Maybe I could be a doctor now.
I think I'll do that.

[SPEAKER_22]
You know, see what bothered me was that as nurses, we are hardwired to think critically and to ask questions, not to just blindly follow the science, but that's what was happening.
And I really think if the nurses had stood up in any great numbers early on, I think we could have stopped so much of this.
If we had stood up the moment that they told us our patients couldn't have an advocate at their side,
You know, we threw all of our ethical principles of nursing right out the window.
And I think most of it was fear-based.
Most of these nurses were afraid to speak out.
But, you know, unfortunately, for me, there was no other way.
I ended up leaving the bedside because I became so uncomfortable.
This is a hospital holocaust that is happening.
I found a nice way to say that they are systematically murdering patients for profit.
But that is exactly what's happening.

[SPEAKER_12]
I think you said it very well.
Angela, would you disagree with that?

[SPEAKER_04]
I would not disagree.
100%.
100%.

[SPEAKER_22]
Yeah, it became too much for me to bear.
And I left.
I started doing telephone triage nursing.
But then there again, we had a protocol and a script.
We have a scripted answer.
If somebody were to call in and ask if those vaccines were safe and effective, we had a scripted answer that said, yes, period, the vaccine is safe.
I mean, first of all, we'd have no way of knowing that we had no long-term safety data.
The short-term data at that point was alarming to say the very least.
So right out of the gate, it does not meet the standard for informed consent.
And I ended up resigning from my position.
I had been exempted from the mandates due to being a work-from-home employee at that time.
But there was no way.
This virus had a 99.9815% survival rate.
And there was no way in hell that I was going to encourage these parents to vaccinate their children in the absence of safety data.
I mean, that's absurd.
They should be brought up on criminal charges.

[SPEAKER_12]
So you weren't fooled for a second when they rolled out these vaccines.
You knew from the get go that this stuff was a disaster.

[SPEAKER_22]
Right.
And I didn't necessarily know that it was anything nefarious going on.
All I knew was that it was really, really soon.
I thought it was foolish to be saying a shot in every arm that's an extremely short sighted and irresponsible decision.
We all know that healthcare is not one size fits all.
So it just, it didn't seem right to me from the very beginning, but yeah, I ended up resigning and we're pushing ahead and we're doing big things with remnant nursing because I think that once people start to realize that they are safer at home with the nurse,
then they aren't going into the hospital and getting that COVID bouncy put on their head.
There's a lot of value in that.
And people are starting to realize that very quickly.

[SPEAKER_12]
You're probably never going to make it on Joe Biden's health care committee.

[SPEAKER_22]
I don't think so.
Unfortunately, I keep waiting for that call to come in, not yet, right?

[SPEAKER_12]
And when did you first realize that the COVID vaccines were actually killing people?
I mean, it's one thing to say that the vaccine was unnecessary, which is why you didn't take it.
But when did you personally realize that these COVID vaccines were killing people?

[SPEAKER_22]
Yeah, it was very early on in the rollout.
I was still at the bedside, as a matter of fact.
I started seeing the vaccine injuries.
I started seeing the paralysis.
I started seeing the cardiac arrest, the strokes.
And when I was on the telephone, after I left bedside, I was seeing so many of these callers, 18 to 35 years old, calling in with these cardiac symptoms, having, in effect, having heart attacks.
And it was always post vaccine.
And, you know, the interesting thing that they were talking about the pandemic of the unvaccinated, but they're very tricky, as you know, and they're deceptive about their language, because you were not considered vaccinated until your 14 days post your second shot.
So what would happen was these people would get their shot, they would get COVID anyway, then they would, you know, get these myriad of symptoms, which we're calling long COVID, but it's really vaccine injury and they're calling them
unvaccinated.
So that's what was filling up your hospitals.

[SPEAKER_12]
So when you said early on, are we talking about January of 2021 that you realized that these vaccines were bad news?

[SPEAKER_22]
I would say February, February, I left the bedside in March and I would say by January, February of 2021 easily.

[SPEAKER_12]
Okay.
And then, uh, Angela, you were going to ask about where does someone go?

[SPEAKER_04]
Can we find you?
Cause you actually, you're on America out loud with a couple other nurses.
Um, heroes that will be joining us shortly, but you're on America out loud.
Where can other people find you and your nursing services?

[SPEAKER_22]
Yes, you can find us at remnant nursing.org and we provide health and wellness.
We're focusing on keeping people out of the hospital, away from the corrupt sick care system.
And we also provide advocacy services in conjunction with an organization called Pure Blood Registry.
We're able to procure clean, unvaccinated blood for blood transfusion and directed donation.
And we've had a hundred percent success rates in advocating for our clients for that.
Nobody's talking about that.
We've completely tainted our blood supply in this country and that's something that we don't talk about enough.

[SPEAKER_12]
No, we sure don't.

[SPEAKER_04]
Kimberly, you're a hero.
So grateful meeting you back in the day and defeat the mandates.
You're just wonderful.
And thank you for all you've done.

[SPEAKER_22]
Absolutely.
Thank you so much for having me.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, it was so great to see you again, Kimberly.
Thank you so much.

[SPEAKER_22]
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_15]
Okay, we're gonna bring on Jody O. Malley.
Hi, Jody.
How are you this evening?
Thank you for coming on.

[SPEAKER_02]
I'm good.
I still see Kimberly though.
Do you see me?

[SPEAKER_15]
I see you now.
There's probably a little bit of a delay.
Uh, on the transition, but you should see yourself.
We got you now.
Okay.
Well, let me, good time to read your bio.
You are a faith based and masters prepared critical care nurse and hospital supervisor.
And now also an author, columnist, radio host, and motivational speaker while caring for COVID patients at a federal hospital for Native Americans.
Your career ended abruptly when you courageously shared your whistleblower video with Project Veritas showing the extent of underreported vaccine injuries and outright corruption within the healthcare system.
Jodi, you're now back working in the ER while your whistleblower case against HHS is in the discovery phase after two years.
Well, I definitely want to hear more about that.
Welcome to the show.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
Thank you.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_12]
Thank you for cooperating with Project Veritas, by the way.
That was an incredible video.

[SPEAKER_02]
Thank you.
Yeah, I think it had a huge impact.
Could have had a lot more of an impact had we not been shadow banned and people get kicked off of social media for sharing it.
But we've won a lot of cases, Steve.
The first one was the Arizona State Board of Nursing after that video was released.
I had more than a dozen complaints against my license and I had to undergo a formal ethics evaluation and I was deemed ethical in my disclosure and I really hope that that had you know incentivized other nurses to come forward to say man this chick
recorded what was happening in the hospital, shared it virally to the world, you know, because I couldn't, I didn't go the correct route, right?
Um, because I worked for the evil doers at HHS, so I'm not going to do their slow moving process.
You know, this was of most importance to
to get out into the world.
And then after that, the pharmacist in the video put order of protection on me that lasted more than a year.
I had to spend tens of thousands of dollars to fight that.
She wanted to prohibit me from ever saying the name the pharmacist on a video again.
And thankfully a judge upheld the First Amendment speech, so we won that.
and then in last November I had to undergo mediation with HHS and they wanted to settle with me and I refused it.
Thankfully my attorney Mike Yoder has the heart of a lion and
and is fighting with me.
So now we're in discovery.
I get deposed and the first week in February and all of these topics that you've been speaking about, the remdesivir, right?
Where did that come from?
Well, HHS has to answer for it now.
Why did they incentivize the use of this medication?
They got to answer for it.
Why did we use an experimental test
to test people and put them in isolation with the experimental remdesivir.
They gotta answer for it now.
There's a lot that they're gonna have to answer to and thankfully that's where we're at right now.

[SPEAKER_12]
And that's so wonderful because I've been wondering about all of these questions and whenever I ask, nobody answers.
They all say, oh, you're a misinformation spreader, nobody, you know,
they won't answer the simple questions.
So I'm glad that you're able to, under legal process, force them to answer these questions so we can finally find the answers.
And we don't have to speculate anymore.
It's so awesome what you're doing.
So thank you so much.
So for those who didn't see the project Veritas videos, could you kind of summarize what you observed in the health care system when you were a nurse and, you know, what was on that, you know, for those who didn't see the videos?
Yeah, so essentially,

[SPEAKER_02]
Essentially in January I had moved to the float pool department.
So that meant that the hospital when I showed up to shift they would say we need you a med surge ICU ER.
Well they realized that I had an extensive background in nursing and.
I was an intense critical thinker.
And so right in the beginning, they asked me if I would be hospital supervisor.
So hospital supervisor, what many people don't know are that nurses run the hospital, right?
If there's an issue with the doctor or
housekeeping or anything that's going on in the hospital, they are calling a nurse to handle that.
And so immediately I was given discernment though, like immediately when in February of 2020, when I heard we were locking down, just like Angela had said, or somebody had said on here that I knew that we were going to create a mental health crisis by doing this.
and public health policy 101 states that you followed the basics of public health, and we didn't do that.
We isolated the healthy with the sick and all of that.
Well, fast forward to December when we were starting to inject the Native Americans because I worked for, well, pretty much all Native Americans at Phoenix Indian Medical Center.
And they actually are the most targeted population, I believe, or most effective.
They have lost seven years off of their lifespan.
Their children will not live longer than them, right?
Because of the handling of this.
And like someone else had said, I think it was Kimberly who said that people were coming in after getting injected and now they have COVID, right?
And then everybody in the hospital was saying, well, they should have gotten it when they could have.
got it right in the beginning.
They waited too long because they weren't fully vaccinated, you know, but actually getting COVID-19 after vaccination is an adverse event of special interest.
And that happened, you know, just tons and tons.
And then I was seeing injuries, you know, and
And like I said, I was the hospital supervisor most of the time, so I wasn't directly caring for these patients.
But when I was directly caring for them, I would notice, oh my gosh, they were vaccinated.
This gentleman is here for alcohol withdrawal, which is a huge issue for Native Americans.
But because he tested positive for COVID,
He now was a COVID patient and he wasn't being treated appropriately, right?
And there were so many people that had secondary community acquired pneumonia that we never tested.
I'm sure the respiratory therapist, you know, could answer to that as well because once somebody was COVID positive,
That's it.
It was remdesivir, and that was all that we were doing.
There were a few patients that I got sputum samples for.
You know, I asked for them.
I asked the doctor to order it, and they said, no, they're COVID.
And I got it anyway because I know how to be a nurse.
And I said, doctor, I got the sputum sample.
Do you want me to put in the order?
Do you want to?
And they're like, no, go ahead.
You do it.
Because they're not going to tell me no now.
And they wound up having two or three different types of pneumonia.
That's also in my case with HHS.
Lots of people died because of that.
But what really prompted me to record was my coworker who didn't want the vaccine, you know, got it.
She was coerced.
It was one of those rah-rah moments on the nursing unit.
You didn't get it.
Go ahead and get it.
You don't want to be like that patient kind of thing.
And she shows up and she's COVID positive.
All of her vital signs are normal.
They put her on Remdesivir, which was not the protocol.
People had to be less than 92% on room air to qualify for it at that time.
And they gave it to her anyway.
A couple of days later, she's intubated and she passed away.
And I started recording right prior to that.
And then I reached out to Project Veritas and I said, here's my story, you know, and I just uploaded a bunch of videos and you know, there's a ton more that people haven't seen, but now HHS will in discovery.
So.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah.
So what do you think the numbers are?
Do you think that 90% of the deaths were due to the protocols and what percentage of COVID deaths do you ascribe to the virus itself versus how the hospitals treated people?

[SPEAKER_02]
I would say probably 90% would be an accurate number.
Absolutely.
You take somebody and put them in isolation.
That right there, that takes away their will to live.
They don't have an advocate.
The standard of care was just depleted during COVID.
People were going into that room and nurses and doctors were not going into the room every hour like we were supposed to.
And all the doctor had to do was chart report received from nurse due to lessening COVID interaction.
And it's like, they weren't even being doctors.
Pharmacists weren't coming in the room to do a med rec.
All of the nurses were doing it, but we weren't even doing it the way we should have.
Again, and then all the other treatments that we could have given them.
you know, lower the inflammation.
Yeah, Steve, I would agree, probably greater than 90%.

[SPEAKER_12]
And so the interesting thing is that the only people investigated are the people who said, who bucked the system, who basically said, this is wrong.
There was like, I have not heard of a single investigation
when they are investigating the hospital protocols, like how did you follow this?
How did you, why did you treat these people this way?
How could you have feces in the room?
You know, like the hospitals are never being, like have you heard of a single case?
where the hospitals are being investigated instead of investigating the whistleblowers.
Because I've heard lots of whistleblower investigations, but I have never heard of anybody investigating the hospitals that the whistleblowers are complaining about.
Have you?

[SPEAKER_02]
No, I haven't.
And we have in our Arizona Senate, we had a nurse that became senator and led up this whistleblower COVID, you know, Senate committee hearing thing, right.
And me and a couple other whistleblowers were supposed to be on there with my attorney.
And at the last minute, they said, we're not calling in the public health.
We're not calling in the hospital administrators.
And I said, you know, the four of us were like, well, we're not going to be on this panel then, because what are we doing?
What are we doing?
It's been years.
Why are we just all going out saying the same thing?
You already have expert testimony from Merrick, Corey, McCulloch.
I mean, so many, you know, this was just to me.
I don't know.
I hope she follows through with it.
We'll see.
We'll see.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thank you so, so very much.
Yes.
I have loved you from day one.
I remember that first recording that we did, Steve, way back, like a long time ago.
And you've just been instrumental in being a role model and example, you know, as a nurse for what every nurse should be doing.
And this is your book.
So definitely order it.
It's incredible.
Amazing.
I love all these nurses writing these
incredible books that show the rare courage that you have.
So thank you.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, I'm actually you're welcome.
I'm actually learning how to be a screenwriter now because after going through all these videos, I'm thinking the world needs to hear the story in a different way.
But for everyone, go to your favorite podcast app right now and type in nurses out loud.
and check us out.
You know, we speak five days a week on air.
This is a passion for us.
None of us get paid to do this.
So please share and support the show and all the great content that that we're putting out there.
And thank you guys for doing what you're doing.
God bless you.

[SPEAKER_12]
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_15]
Thank you, Jody.

[SPEAKER_12]
I want to do a sub-stack after the show is over, collecting all of the books that the nurses have written, and also all the links to the websites for people on this video.
Oh, thank you.
Just to make it easier for people.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, thank you for that.
God bless you guys.

[SPEAKER_15]
Thank you, Jody.
Thank you.
I'm going to bring on Nurse Michelle.
I know you're standing by, but I had to skip over once.
I'm going to bring on Gail McCray next.
Uh, and I know there's a little delay.
Can you see me, Gail?
Hi Gail.

[SPEAKER_09]
Hi there.

[SPEAKER_15]
Thank you for coming on tonight.
I'm going to read your bio first.
Uh, Gail, you were a California nurse turned whistleblower who worked at the Kaiser Permanente hospital in Santa Rosa from 2015 until 2021.
when you were fired for not complying with the staff vaccine mandate.
You recently sat down with Steve to share your story.
We'll put that link in the chat and that was an excellent interview.
Welcome to VSRF Live.

[SPEAKER_09]
Thank you.
Thanks for having me and thanks for doing this.
It's really wonderful to see so many of us coming together to do this because it's hard being the one alone.
at all of our different hospitals and in all of our different communities.
So this really does, I see it adding so much power to our concerns that we've been making for years now.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, I highly recommend everybody watching the over hour long video that you did with Steve, but just tell us what are some of the top
horrific things that you witnessed that brought you to this point?

[SPEAKER_09]
I right away was very concerned with the COVID protocols before the vaccine was rolled out.
It gave me a lot of pause for working in the field after 10 years and my mother was a nurse for 40 years before me, hospital medicine.
I really grew up in hospitals and all of the things that started occurring in March of 2020 were concerning.
I was in denial.
I can really speak a lot to what Ashley was saying about how we had to really face what we were doing and accept our role in the choices we made in order to have the strength and power to overcome those bad choices.
And it's just so hard to believe that
your entire field is going along with immoral things just to fit in.
I was delayed in reacting because of
that fact because I just, I couldn't accept that I was surrounded by people that would do what was easy because that's what they were being told to do because they couldn't challenge the system without being gaslit because they couldn't admit that they're, you know, that they were making choices that cause the lives of our patients.
So that really, I think, and Ashley's work is so profoundly important because I think she's right in that when we get it through to the medical staff that
they can have some compassion for themselves and acknowledge what they've done and forgive themselves.
So after I was fired in October of 2021, my family and I moved into an RV and we've been traveling around the country and I've been homeschooling my kids.
And it really has been a two plus year process of letting go of the trauma of what I witnessed in the hospital.
you know, besides the protocols, besides having to tell family members that they couldn't come to the bedside of their dying loved ones, you know, and then the, and then the, you know, acknowledging the damages of remdesivir and the failure in our hospitals to administer steroids for the inflammatory conditions.
And the failure of our staff members, we'd sit around the nurse's station and have conversations about how remdesivir was contraindicated, because they were more than three days post-symptom onset.
There's no rational reason to give these protocols.
And then it was really the vaccinations and watching what happened in my community after the rollout of those shots that I couldn't process and accept what was happening any longer after that.
So my community, my manager approached me in June of 2021 and told me that our hospital had had three times more patient admissions than they had ever had since the hospital opened their doors.
And that was in June of 2021.
And I know for a fact that that was due to the shots because I started getting phone calls from my staffing department three to four times a day within two weeks of my community getting access to the COVID shots.
And I think too, we had a bad batch in my community.
And that plays a role in how clear it was to me that our community members were being so damaged by these shots.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, we lost a little boy, I don't know if you knew about Oden Robinson.
For those that don't know, Gail and I are from the same town and we actually worked at the same hospital for about five years.
We lost a 15-year-old boy named Oden Robinson, who it's clearly stated on the death certificate.
It's actually on Steve's page, but he died from the vaccine.
And the other thing too, Gail, you were hearing code blues constantly, which was very unusual.
The amount of code blues that you were hearing once the vaccines rolled out to that
particular department where they were administering the vaccines, that is just unbelievable.
When you hear this over and over and over again, don't they understand that the vaccines are causing this?
That must have been really shocking for you.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, it was.
And at first I didn't connect the dots on the code blues either.
It took a little bit of repetition after multiple shifts on the day shift, recognizing that these things were only happening from 9 to 5.
And they were all being called down to the lower level of the hospital, which is where the clinic was.
Whereas normally, a code blue would be called to the second or third floor in the hospital, or the ER, or the ICU, of course, most frequently.
But they would call to a room number.
Whereas in these circumstances, they were being called to the lower level of the hospital.
In addition to that, I had two colleagues who went into anaphylactic shock that I knew of.
And I kind of made it clear on this video with Steve.
I really only had a relationship with about 80 staff members to where I would have heard if they had anaphylactic shock.
The rest of the hospital, you know, there's 2,000 employees at the hospital, I wouldn't have known.
And so, you know, two of my staff members out of AD went into anaphylactic shock after taking their shot, these COVID shots.
In addition to that, one of my other colleagues from a different Kaiser facility who administered the COVID shots was told by her management that if she reported adverse events to VAERS, she would be fired.
And in addition to that, this is not just her adverse events.

[SPEAKER_12]
This is adverse events from anyone, right?

[SPEAKER_09]
From any of the people in the clinic that she was giving shots to.
She was witnessing, she had said she was witnessing about eight to 12 episodes of anaphylactic shock per day at the clinic where she was administering the shots.

[SPEAKER_12]
How many shots were administered per day?
Give us a good idea.

[SPEAKER_09]
I'm not positive about that number.
Love idea.

[SPEAKER_12]
1,000?
More than 1,000?

[SPEAKER_09]
I would say less than 1,000.

[SPEAKER_12]
Hundreds.

[SPEAKER_09]
Less than 1,000.

[SPEAKER_12]
Less than 1,000.
And you're getting 12.
Sorry, how many anaphylactic reactions per day?

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, she said eight to 12 episodes of anaphylactic shock per day.
And that also correlates with what I was hearing in the comm system at my hospital.

[SPEAKER_12]
So, I mean, that's a train wreck.

[SPEAKER_09]
It is a train wreck.
And in addition to that, we were being coerced and threatened not to report.
We were not allowed to report.
We were told if we reported we would be fired, we were gaslit and said,
So in my specific circumstance, I was told by multiple colleagues and the administrators that since we could not prove that these shots were the cause of the injuries that we were witnessing, we could not report it.

[SPEAKER_12]
that's that's preposterous that there should be multiple lawsuits for for millions of dollars I mean there was a a I don't remember this case but there's a hospital worker who is fired for
I'm trying to recall what the, they were basically doing their job and they were fired for it and they recovered.
I think they got like a $10 million.
It was a multi-million dollar judgment.
Angela, do you know what I'm talking about?
This is a pretty recent case.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, that's the kind of, we'll have to put that up.

[SPEAKER_12]
It wasn't COVID specific.
It was,
They were basically doing their job and they were fired for it.

[SPEAKER_09]
Was this a Southern Californian nurse?

[SPEAKER_12]
It might have been.
It was a very large punitive damages.
But stuff like this where they're, yeah, it might have been pre-COVID.
But there was, in fact, probably was because I remember it wasn't specifically on the COVID stuff.
But the COVID stuff to be saying, if somebody was fired for reporting to the VAERS system, that is a multimillion dollar judgment against the hospital for doing that.
I'm just appalled that
They're getting away with it.
I mean, basically the nurses are complying.
They're basically saying, oh, don't want to lose my job.
I'm not going to report any adverse events that I see to the various system because that's what I was told to do.

[SPEAKER_09]
Even in my hospital, it's still the case.
I reached out to multiple colleagues to see if they would come to corroborate.
and speak about the things that were happening and even still to this day.
And now I get, I don't want to talk about this anymore because it's over and I just want to forget that it happened.
And again, it goes back to what Ashley said is that these staff members, they can't acknowledge the trauma that they have witnessed and experienced because they can't process it and personally manage what has taken place.
So they won't come on.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yep.
Yeah, the takeaways from my interview.
So there's a long interview with Gail that I did just an hour long interview, but some of the key takeaways were that 90% of the COVID deaths were caused by the hospital protocols and that the COVID vaccines then exacerbated the number of events.
It didn't make things better.
It made things demonstrably worse.
And I talked to one ICU doc
in your facility who thought that the mortality increased by close to an order of magnitude, meaning close to a factor of 10 after the vaccines rolled out.
And that may be an overestimate, but she said it was a
a huge, a huge increase.

[SPEAKER_04]
So Steve, I just texted you that that case that you're talking about as an ex-Kaiser nurse, it was 41.49 million that she was awarded in a retaliation suit.
And so it gives me hope.
It gives me hope.
I don't know if you want to just share it like you can see.

[SPEAKER_12]
Can we put that up on the screen?
Can Livia put that up on the screen?

[SPEAKER_04]
I'll send that to Livia, yeah.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, if you could send it to me, I can pop it up.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, it's very promising to see.

[SPEAKER_12]
It's an important case because it establishes that the courts will actually side with people who are doing the right thing.
So this is, it's great because we really need more and more cases like this because otherwise hospitals are going to keep doing this stuff over and over and nobody is holding these hospitals accountable for this behavior.
They're just getting away with it.
Right.
I mean, have you?

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, so I filed a lawsuit.
I do.
And I have.
So I've been a part of multiple lawsuits in the last three years.
All of them before this point have been thrown out.
And it always comes back to the judge saying lack of standing because we haven't set precedence and there's no established fact pattern for COVID related crimes.
So actually that's one of the projects I'm working on is a project called stand firm now where we're gathering expert witness testimony to support litigating attorneys because what happens is we try and go to court and we continue to fail in court because there's a lack of precedence.
So standfirmnow.org gathers expert witness testimony.
We have an affidavit.
They will all be submitted.
into the courts under a negative environment strategy.
But what this will do is it will facilitate litigation from every attorney around the world.
It will add evidence.
It will establish the fact pattern to prevent these crooked judges from continuing to throw out our cases.
But in addition to that, I've followed my own lawsuit.
I'm going after
10 of my previous employers, including a couple health officers and one of my union representatives.
Good for you.
Justice is coming and they did arm all of those of us with the ethics and the courage to continue this journey.
We're very committed.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thank you so much, Gail.
So I appreciate you.
Thank you for all that you're doing.
We appreciate you so much.
And everybody go check out that longer interview.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah.
And also check out what Olivia just put on the screen that, that, that, that lawsuit, 2019 lawsuit for, for $41 million.

[SPEAKER_15]
$41.49 million.

[SPEAKER_04]
And it was a, it was a overpatient safety staffing ratios.
So she won that.
And we are, we have to keep on pushing along and do the same thing.
get justice for all the people that lost their lives to hospital policy and vaccines.
But thank you so much, Gail.
And...

[SPEAKER_15]
Thank you, Gail.
Thank you, Gail.

[SPEAKER_04]
Absolutely.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_15]
Okay, we're gonna bring on...
Someone I was gonna try to bring on earlier, but I'm so happy you're here now.
Nurse Michelle, let me read a quick bio on you.
You've been an RN for 35 years after surviving the COVID unit in 2020.
You publish the handbook, treat COVID at home protocols and COVID basket list using your nursing knowledge to educate people worldwide on how to stay out of the hospital with COVID.
Michelle, you're a radio show host with nurses, Jody O'Malley and Kimberly Overton who we had on earlier for nurses out loud talk radio on americaoutloud.news.
Welcome, Michelle.

[SPEAKER_19]
Thank you so much for having me here.
It's wonderful to have another uncensored platform to actually speak on.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yes.
So Michelle, what really stands out to me about your situation is you were a sick COVID patient.
And what they did to you is just shocking.
Do you want to tell us a little bit about when you got COVID and what transpired?

[SPEAKER_19]
Yeah, I was sick in 2020, in the summer of 2020 with five other people in my home.
And the first red flag wake up call for me was,
calling all their doctors and finding out that the advice for a COVID international lockdown was Tylenol and cough syrup, go to the hospital if you have difficulty breathing.
And I remember saying to my cardiologist for my son with a pacemaker, I said, the whole world shut down and Tylenol and cough syrup is the best you've got to offer us.
So thank goodness there had already been doctors out there telling us some things.
So we've been doing some of the protocols at home to try and
stay well, but yet we all got sick because of a college student who had some fun somewhere and brought it all home to us all.
So by day three, my kids were all shooting basketball.
They were perfectly fine.
On day five, I was in the hospital.
was met by the National Guard in this free state of Georgia, preventing anybody from coming inside the hospital with me, the COVID patient.
And a lot of people don't know that happened.
So that was my first other shocker.
They looked at me.
I was a nurse, so I knew what to ask for and request.
And when they told me my chest X-ray was perfectly normal, I said, oh, I'm sure it's not.
But they sent me home with nothing at all.
to take care of myself.
So five days later, I ended up back in the hospital with 88% oxygen saturation, which landed me in the COVID unit.
So the hospital's worst nightmare would be a nurse in the hospital because we asked too many questions.
So as soon as I get brought to the COVID unit, they attempt to take off my pulse oximetry and my EKG.
And I'm like, what the heck are you doing?
I have a heart implant.
And I have a low oxygen saturation.
And they said, well, it gives us more reason to come into your room.
And the NIH has recommended that we try to take off as much equipment as possible.
I said, well, I'm a nurse for goodness sakes.
Leave it on me.
I know there's a problem.
But do not take it away from me.
So the next shocker that happened was I had already been nebulizing at home.
And I asked for my breathing treatment and they said, oh, the NIH has denied all COVID patients breathing treatments.
I said, I have a breathing difficulty problem with a disease that causes breathing difficulty and I need my breathing.
treatment.
And they said, no, I'm sorry.
It's denied all COVID patients.
I said, please give me nurse to nurse what the science is to support this ridiculous rule.
And they said, because when you have the mask on, you will disseminate the virus into the atmosphere.
And I said, I am the virus.
I am in the virus's COVID unit.
You are the virus's nurse.
And everybody on this whole floor has the same virus.
I have give me my nebulizer.
And they would not let me do it.
So I ended up having to get myself out of the hospital to save myself.
And what that involved was me reaching out to the medical equipment companies to get myself the oxygen and the IV hydration and that kind of thing.
And the next shocker happened for me that made me aware that the medical equipment companies have been told by the NIH that if they put medical equipment into the homes of a COVID patient,
that medical equipment once returned to that facility would have to be put outside in a tent, sprayed down with chemicals, and quarantined for 90 days.
So they were immediately incentivized to, I mean, not incentivized, but punished for basically putting medical equipment inside of a COVID patient's home.
So I got my oxygen because of a friend who had a preemie with an extra tank of oxygen, and I made a public plea on social media.
and said, somebody find a doctor who's brave enough to help me.
I've got to have help.
And somebody told me about Vudesanide and I started nebulizing Vudesanide at home.
I would later learn about Dr. Richard Bartlett and I would reach out to him.
And what happened to me is I was learning how hard it was for me to save myself as a nurse.
What would it be like to be a non-medical person out there?
Of course, people are perishing if you cannot even get what you know to ask for, which I did know.
So what I decided to do, the Lord just kept putting a burden on my heart that was the words, my people are perishing for lack of knowledge.
And I'm like, yes, but I'm a retired nurse.
What do you want me to do?
It was Dr. Malone who said it to me when he met me.
He said all over the world people were activated.
He thinks supernaturally in a similar way to just pick up this mantle and do what they felt like they were supposed to do.
And we just did it without fear, without orders, without instructions.
And what I did was I wrote up the nursing protocols for how to take care of yourself at home.
And I kind of took it down to the lay person's way of thinking to teach you how to be a nurse and doctor for yourself because nobody was going to be there for you.
And what you had to gather in your home, set up at an Amazon cart that said, you can get your own oxygen concentrator from Amazon.
Forget the doctors.
but you can help yourself.
And I created the COVID basket list of all the brave doctors protocols and things that they said you should have.
And I just started a platform as a retired nurse and they first came by the tens and then by the thousands.
And before I knew it, I was doing 200 to 400 patient interactions a day on DM with anybody just learning how to nebulize teaching people how to make their own homemade DIY iodine nasal and throat spray.
Um, and then eventually it would be, uh, because I've had a child that's vaccine injured from the chickenpox vaccine.
I've been in the federal vaccine court for seven years.
So when that started to roll out, I'm like, Oh, I'm educating people about that one.
So I created a document that involved Geert van der Bosch's words, but at the beginning of it, I did a Socratic reasoning questionnaire that said, do you know there's a federal vaccine court?
Do you know how much it's paid out to injured children?
And I just thought if I took them through the 25 questions with the answers in links,
they would make an educated decision not to get this COVID vaccine.
That's what I was attempting to do without telling them what to do.
And so those documents ended up being downloaded about 400,000 times around the world.
And that was just done for free.
And what would happen was, during the vaccine rollout, I started having to help people write medical exemption, not medical, religious exemptions, because I was involved with the litigation side of my own situation.
I wanted people to understand, you're not asking permission for an exemption.
You are invoking your right to exemption.
And the first sentence you need to say to them is,
This letter serves to notify you that I am invoking my right to religious accommodation under Title VII of the U.S. Civil Rights Act.
And it would later evolve into helping nursing students who were being extremely persecuted.
You would not believe the level of bullying that's happening in this country by medical students, to medical students, nursing students.
respiratory theory, any medical degree student.
If you are out there pursuing that, they think they own you and the, and the message is you want to be in the medical profession when you sign up to get shot, you know, shot up, but basically.
And so what we did is I was able to actually stop medical college in Georgia and some other medical schools because they were used to bullying 18 to 25 year olds who know nothing about vaccines.
They don't, they don't know anything.
And what we did is write letters that says, oh, you want me to give you my religious authority's name that you can call to get permission that my religious book supposedly says I can't have a COVID vaccine.
Well, here's his phone number, J-E-S-U-S-G-O-D, call him and let him tell you what he thinks about it.
So it just was crazy.
And the censorship that would, here I'm just some girl in Georgia, retired nurse just trying to help the people.
But when you start teaching people how to use nasal iodine, supposedly that was a problem for the social media people.
And I started getting censored like you just wouldn't believe.
Well, didn't you, Michelle?

[SPEAKER_04]
Didn't people from even like UAE or Saudi Arabia, didn't they reach out to you for help?
I mean, this was going worldwide.

[SPEAKER_19]
The thing is is the very platforms that wanted to censor and shut down people who were just trying to help strangers that I didn't even know We're literally helping us get our voice all over the world And I got a contact it from United Arab Emirates a person there and they said they had downloaded the tree Rook COVID at home protocols Dispersed it throughout the city and she says Michelle literally you have saved the city.
I'm like, oh my gosh.
I said these
These doctors just literally published this stuff, and what I realized needed to be done was it had to be simplified.
It doesn't matter if you're a lawyer and have a very high IQ, you're not a nurse or a doctor.
So the data to take care of yourself, like don't lay on your back.
You need to be on your stomach.
You need to have fresh air.
You need to ventilate the rooms.
You need to get outside and get sunshine.
But this is what a nebulizer is.
This is how to use it.
This is how frequently to use it.
and I created a nurses note that they could give it to grandma so that grandma could be called by the phone and they'd say, check off the list on the nurses note that Michelle gave you so that you would know hour by hour to care for yourself as if you were in a hospital but you weren't because Michael wants to keep you out.

[SPEAKER_12]
Right.
So, so some of these drugs like a Budesonide and the steroids, you can't get them without a prescription.
So how do people?

[SPEAKER_19]
So I put them in touch with Dr. Richard Bartlett's website called Budesonide works.
So once I found out about him,
I knew I could get, they would make sure any party that was reaching out to me would get budesanide.
And I gave them a list of prescriptions they had to get.
And then my free doctor came out and Dr. Ben Marble, I mean, I probably sent him 10 or 20,000 people just to get access to drugs there.
So that evolved into Dr. McCullough.
I think his wife started following me, but he got me on his radio show.
And the day that he put me out there, Linktree, which is very commonly used on Instagram for people to post the way they make money or the way I help people get to an Amazon cart to help you get what you needed, they deleted it, the day I got interviewed by him.
And it was like poking the bear.
It's like, you don't even know what you've done.
I'm going to tell everybody to drop Linktree.
I'm going to make a whole campaign to drop Linktree.
And then it was about the exemptions.
And then I found out about this COVID litigation summit in Atlanta because I live in Georgia and went there.
And to me, I'm going to tell you, Steve,
It was like a tornado coming out of mouths.
You know, that's what I saw.
It was like, this is where it's happening.
This is it.
And I am all about litigating.
I've been teaching people how to get your medical records now out of the hospital that you're dead COVID patients.
that you have lost.
They have left you one last thing that is a shining light sitting in that medical record department and it is waiting for you to get it out of there.
And you start, I'll teach you how to go through those documents and I'll give you the list of all the Bulldog lawyers ready to fight for you.
And it was money that motivated them to harm and kill your loved ones.
Well, we're going to take them out with money.
And like the hospital that did this to me, they have a brand new beautiful glass building added on to their facility.
I thought, you should call that the COVID finance, you know, the federal government finance, whatever they got.
So that's really how it's gone down for me is just a retired nurse, literally homeschooling my kids who just ends up in the COVID unit.
can say, I could say that literally it doesn't take a lot of people to make an impact in this world that you can literally touch and change people's lives just by doing what you feel like your burden and passion to do.
And for me, it was just the realization that people of course were going to be perishing.
Of course they weren't going to do good in the hospital.
When I would fight for people who were in the hospital to get them out, this is the nightmare.
No matter what state I called, no matter what person I got to, by the time I got to the CEO, it was the same exact words every time.
I've asked everybody for this protocol.
They have a power of attorney.
You have denied it.
Now we're at the top.
Are you going to say yes or no to what the patient is saying, or are you going to cause a lawsuit on your hospital?
And the answer was always no.
And I would then say, OK, well, Ralph Larigio's law firm is going to be calling you.
And you're going to be losing millions of dollars for your hospital.
Is it still no?
And the answer was always no.
And if those people didn't find me till Friday, their loved one would be dead by Monday every time.

[SPEAKER_04]
Wow.
Well, thank you so much, Michelle.
I mean, you really are a hero.
And you've saved so many lives.
You don't even know how many lives you've saved.
You've got other countries, foreign countries.
thanking you for your little simple to-do list to keep people alive.

[SPEAKER_19]
People just needed something simple and easy to do.
Somebody telling them they were empowered and they could do it.
And once they figured out they had the power, it changes things.
Thank you so much.
Thank you for having me.

[SPEAKER_15]
Thank you, Michelle.
Thank you very much.
Well, it's been an extraordinary so far.
We're not done yet.
We still got more to go.
We could probably do a full day marathon with all the whistleblowers out there.
How many more do we have, Olivia?
We have a few more live, but before we get to them, I mean, at least three or four, I believe.
I'm really looking forward to Michelle Gershman.
Yeah.
She's coming up right after we do play this video.
Hi, Michelle.
We're going to play a pre-record from Gina, who was not able to attend live.
So we spoke to her earlier today and I'd like to play that video now.
So here it comes.
I'd like to welcome Gina to the program.
This is a pre-record, but she's brave enough to join us this evening.
Thank you for joining us, Gina.

[SPEAKER_11]
Thank you for having me.

[SPEAKER_12]
So Gina, Gina, tell us about what your role is in where you worked and then talk about what you saw.

[SPEAKER_11]
Sure.
Um, so I worked in, I worked at Kaiser for the ophthalmic department.
Um, yeah, I was there looking at scans in the back of people's eyes and, um, seeing patients one on one and when the shots rolled out,
You know, they have these codes that come up overboard.
I had heard this code blue maybe once and I had asked a coworker, what does this code mean?
And they said, oh, it's code blue anaphylactic or it needs some kind of emergent, it's an emergent situation.
they need response right away.

[SPEAKER_12]
And so when the shots rolled out, it was, so wait a minute, before you could do that, when you say you heard it once, this is once over a month, once over two months, six months.
You heard it once in six months.
Okay.
It's important.
The dominators are important.
Right.

[SPEAKER_11]
Exactly.
And so thank you for clarifying.
Um, so when the line started coming and,
People started lining up for their injections, which it seemed like they were getting dropped off in bus loads.
Huge lines every day from morning until evening.
I was hearing this code go off every single day, multiple times a day, two, three, four, sometimes even five.
So yeah, I knew something there was not right.
not only that, but when I would take my lunch breaks and go for walks, go outside and get some air, I would see ambulances outside in that area as well, not every day, but pretty consistently.

[SPEAKER_12]
So this is after they started vaccinating people at the hospital.
And they were vaccinating lots of people, right?
They were vaccinating.
Can you estimate the number for us?
Is it under 1,000, over 1,000?
Give us a.

[SPEAKER_11]
It would probably be under 1,000 because what we were not actually at the hospital, the injection clinic in that area was
at the recovery center for surgery, recovery, surgery center, and then above is pediatric.
So I would say a couple hundred, three, four hundred a day.

[SPEAKER_12]
So four hundred a day of vaccinations.
Or do you believe that those code blues were all due to vaccinations?

[SPEAKER_11]
Absolutely.
Like you said, considering the number, you know, it's, it's kind of hard for me to believe it was anything else.

[SPEAKER_12]
So that would correspond to on the order of about one case of anaphylaxis per a hundred shots.
If your numbers are correct.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah.
It would.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, Steve, what we look at is outliers.
You know, you go from not seeing any, you know, very few code blues, and then all of a sudden you roll out these vaccines.
And this is what I'm hearing from lots of other people that, you know, kind of like what happened to me 12 minutes later, there's an ambulance there.
And so that sounds like what Gina was witnessing.
She was working next door to this vaccine clinic and, you know, saw one in six months.
And then all of a sudden she's seeing multiple code blues being called and ambulances showing up.
It's, it's not normal.

[SPEAKER_15]
Did you discuss with any of your coworkers and did what kind of reaction were they having?
Right.
Yeah.
I was going to ask that.

[SPEAKER_11]
Actually, I, one of my coworkers and I are very much on the same page and she and I would kind of have a look like, okay, there it is again.
I hope they're okay.
Um, but the majority of the folks that I worked with, I'd say we're probably not, um, aware or putting the pieces together.
It was hard to say, it was kind of a veil.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, that's terrible.
What about the eyes?
Gina, did any of the doctors or did you notice anything different with, you know, because my mother had a J&J shot and then she also had some boosters and she developed a clot in her eye, lost some vision.
Unfortunately, I did come back.
Were you guys seeing anything like that?

[SPEAKER_11]
Absolutely.
I saw a huge uptick in vascular issues primarily with younger people.
So teenagers to 40s, which I, you know, typically you see them in elderly, right.
And so when I was getting most of my patients come in, especially with children having vascular issues behind the eye and young people my age, having a lot of issues,
So absolutely, I saw a huge uptick in that as well.

[SPEAKER_12]
Could you quantify huge uptick for me?
I like numbers.
Is it, is a huge uptick two times?
Is it five times?
Is it 10 times?

[SPEAKER_11]
Right.
So we would rotate during the tech positions.
So I was on this machine once a week out of the month.
And so before the shots came out,
It was, maybe I would see one young person a week with a noticeable vascular issue.
And after the rollout, it was seemingly every single day, sometimes a couple of times a day.
Yeah, I mean, I never really know the diagnosis afterwards.
We just take the pictures and send them off to the docs to be reviewed.
So I really never know what the outcome is.

[SPEAKER_12]
Right.
So you went from essentially once a week to one and a half times a day.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_12]
That's extraordinary.
Okay.
So that's a, that would be a 10 fold increase.
And that happened after the shots, after the vaccines rolled out for young people, or did it happen?
Is it from COVID?
Like, when did this start happening?

[SPEAKER_11]
What I noticed was after the shots came out,

[SPEAKER_12]
for, for that age group or when the shots came out for everybody?

[SPEAKER_11]
For everybody.

[SPEAKER_12]
Well, so for everybody, you mean in that age group?

[SPEAKER_11]
Yes, exactly.
When it was, um, open to all ages.

[SPEAKER_12]
So do you know if the people who were complaining about, uh, these I issues were vaccinated or not?
Oh yeah, everybody.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yes.
Yes.
Actually.
I would go into their chart and that's the first thing that I would look at.
And every single patient would come in having the shot.

[SPEAKER_12]
Every single patient.

[SPEAKER_11]
Well, let me go back.
It would be a rare occasion that I saw an unvaccinated patient.
Very rare.
Not even once a week, a couple of times a month.
I was terminated for not getting the shot actually.
So I don't know what happened.
afterwards, um, after the requirements.

[SPEAKER_15]
How long did it give you to give, to give when they required it?
How long did they give you or how much time did they give you before that they forced you and firing you?

[SPEAKER_11]
Good question.
Yeah.
I was co-hearst manipulated, harassed in my opinion by phone calls, emails, meetings from multiple people in HR.
Um, I refuse to take any of the nasal tests
And then after I also refused the shot, then it was about a month, I would say, a good solid month of harassment until they said they have to let me go.
And he said, this is going to change your life.
And this is going to be the biggest mistake of your life.
And I said, it's OK, because I know this is my body.
This is my temple.
And I am strong in that.

[SPEAKER_12]
So you don't feel that was the biggest mistake of your life now, looking back on it?

[SPEAKER_11]
No, it's probably the best thing that's ever happened to me.
It woke me up.

[SPEAKER_12]
And is there anything else that you'd like to let us know about?

[SPEAKER_11]
No, I think that's all that I recall at this time.
I appreciate you having me on and anything I can do to fight the good fight.

[SPEAKER_12]
Great.
Well, thank you for having the courage to be here.

[SPEAKER_11]
Thank you so much.
Thank you.
You're so welcome.

[SPEAKER_15]
I learned so much from that earlier conversation.
Steve, I know she piqued your interest quite a bit.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, there's one thing that you cut out of that, which is really, really important.
She said that there were 100% of these, or virtually 100%, nearly 100% of these patients who were coming in that were new, that had this 10 times increase.
And so I asked her the question.
I said, well, maybe vaccination was required in order to come to the clinic.
And that's why you're seeing just the vaccinated people, right?
It's just a false signal.
And she said, no, vaccination was not required to come into the clinic.
This is probably the most important part of that interview.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, we'll put the full interview up after the show, as well as clips of all the interviews tonight.

[SPEAKER_12]
So it shows very clearly that there's no question that these vaccines are just causing enormous amounts of harm to people.
You have to be blind not to see that.

[SPEAKER_15]
Oh, yeah, or yeah, completely in denial.
I want to disclose that she did not want to show her face.
That's why you saw an icon.
And actually our next guest is Sasha, who the same is coming on with audio only and no video.
But hello, Sasha.
Welcome to VSRF Live.

[SPEAKER_07]
Hi.
Thank you for having me.

[SPEAKER_15]
I want to read your bio real quick.
You were working as a certified ophthalmic.
Am I saying that correctly?

[SPEAKER_07]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_15]
Assistant at Kaiser Permanente in February of 2021, when the COVID vaccine rolled out to the general public.
You witnessed extremely long lines of people waiting to get their first COVID vaccine.
And in a three month period of time,
You observed more than 20 alarming incidents where emergency vehicles rushed into a newly vaccinated individuals in need of critical care.
You ultimately were terminated in September of 2021 for refusing the COVID vaccine.
Thank you for your bravery.
Welcome.

[SPEAKER_07]
Thank you so much.

[SPEAKER_04]
Asha is not an RN.
She's an ophthalmic tux if we could

[SPEAKER_15]
I'll fix that right now.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
Let us know what you saw, what you witnessed.

[SPEAKER_07]
So my story is very similar to Gina's.
And so, yeah, we just started noticing that the code blues go off.
And like Gina had mentioned, we were asking questions because we were new to Kaiser and we didn't know what that code blue meant.
And someone had told me also that it just meant that there's an emergency situation going on.
And I had asked, oh, well, is it in our building?
And they said, well, it could be in the other building.
And then the reason why we hear it in our building is so that if a doctor is available, they can run over to that building and help.
So that kind of made sense why we were hearing it over in our building.
And so I had been there for almost two years and I had not heard code blue as many times as I heard code blue when the vaccine roll up came.
And so I would say I heard it about two times.
And when the vaccine rollout came out, it was, I can't even give you a number.
There was so many times.
And yeah, it was like, everybody kind of look around like, what's going on?
Like, is it happening again?

[SPEAKER_12]
And so- How do people think that this vaccine is safe and effective with this many code blues going on?

[SPEAKER_07]
Correct.
Correct.
It blows my mind.
It blows my mind.
And there are so many people.
Did you ask?
Did I ask what?

[SPEAKER_12]
Did you ask your colleagues?
Hey, what's going on here?
All these code blues.
No.
This can't be a safe vaccine.

[SPEAKER_07]
We were really allowed to talk about what was going on with COVID or the COVID injection.
We weren't really allowed to speak freely about that.

[SPEAKER_04]
Wow.
So did you see the ambulances taking people away?
What amazes me is actually having these people lined up to get their vaccine and then seeing ambulances take people away.
I would be afraid in that line.
I would get out of the line really fast.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, I'd be like, well, yeah, I'm not going to get that now.
I was amazed.
We could see the line to the vaccine clinic from the building that we were in, and that line went from
I mean, all the way past our building, we couldn't believe it.
We looked outside and we were like, what the heck's going on?
All these people want this injection.
And then you see, like you said, you see the emergency vehicles pull up and helping people.
It's like, it was just mind boggling.

[SPEAKER_12]
It doesn't matter how many people are killed by the shot or injured, it's get the shot, you know, protect yourself.

[SPEAKER_07]
Right, right.
Exactly.

[SPEAKER_12]
It's all mind control.
But what about the 10x increase in terms of the number of cases for young people?
For example, did you see that as well?

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, so one of my duties was to perform, it's called optical coherence demography.
Um, so basically it's a machine.
Yes, exactly.
So this machine, uh, uses light waves to take a cross section picture of the retina.
And so we can see like distinctive layers.
Um, and it also is a guide for like treatment of glaucoma, um, age related macular degeneration and diabetic eye disease.
Um, and then we can also take pictures of the blood vessels in and under the retina and
definitely saw, I would have to agree with Gina, it was like the 10 fold increase in that.
It was like, whoa, like, because you could see there before pictures, which let's say they were in like, some patients even come in like every three months or so.
So you can see there before pictures, perfectly fine.
After the injection, swelling, glaucoma,
It was, it was.

[SPEAKER_12]
How long after the injections?
A week after two weeks, a month, two months?

[SPEAKER_07]
Yes.
So when, when you're in the room to do OCTs, you can't really see when they got their injection.
Okay.
But when you take that patient to the room and you pulled their chart, you, you can see that they've had their COVID vaccination.
So.

[SPEAKER_12]
But you don't know when they got their vaccination.

[SPEAKER_07]
No, no.
I don't recall it.
It's been, I mean, I've been away from Kaiser for almost three years now.
So, um, it's hard to recall that, you know, if we could actually see a date, maybe, but I can't, I can't say for certain.

[SPEAKER_12]
But the percentage, so you saw a 10 fold increase in young people with eye problems now.
Um, was it only for people who were vaccinated or was it also for unvaccinated people?

[SPEAKER_07]
Um, I would have to say only for the vaccinated.
Um, and it wasn't just the young that I was seeing, cause we do tests on, um, you know, all ages.
So I mean, I even seen like 65 year olds having issues.
A lot of glaucoma with that too.

[SPEAKER_12]
So was it, was it a 10 fold increase for older people as well?
Or is it the 10 fold for just the younger people?

[SPEAKER_07]
No, I would say for the older too.

[SPEAKER_12]
Okay, so 10-fold increase across the board in terms of these, the rates that you're seeing of problematic conditions.
I mean, that's a fire drill.
Weren't any of the doctors saying, whoa, we need to speak out about these shots?
I mean, were any of the doctors making the correlation between the vaccine and what was going on or were they just clueless and thinking, wow, seeing a lot of unusual

[SPEAKER_07]
They were all, in my opinion, all either being told to be quiet or clueless because not one doctor that I worked with had said, there's something going on here.
All of the doctors I worked for got the COVID-19 injection.

[SPEAKER_12]
Quantify all for me.
Is that 10, 20, 30?

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, I'm trying to think.
I would say there was probably a total of, because we worked in ophthalmology and optometry.
So I'm going to say 20.

[SPEAKER_12]
That's extraordinary.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_12]
None.
Zero and 20.
Zero.

[SPEAKER_07]
Zero.

[SPEAKER_12]
Put two and two together.

[SPEAKER_07]
Well, you know, and it's like, like I said before, we weren't allowed to talk about it.
So I couldn't go to one of my doctors, even though I was close to several of my doctors, I couldn't say, What do you think's going on?
Because we weren't allowed to talk about it.

[SPEAKER_12]
Have you gone back to them?
You're no longer there.
Have you gone back to them now that you're sort of safe and said, hey, what the heck?
How come you guys aren't ringing the alarm?
Why weren't you shouting this from the rooftops?
At least warning people.

[SPEAKER_07]
No, I haven't, but I am involved in a lawsuit.
So, yeah.
And there's another, one other thing I wanted to say too, I also noticed an increase in shingles.
And this is young patients.
There was a coworker that had just gotten her COVID-19, her second shot and within a week developed shingles and she was in her 30s.

[SPEAKER_04]
Not normal, not usual.
Not normal.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah.
Yeah, I heard I've heard a lot of these shingle stories.
Yeah, people get vaccinated and they develop shingles.
I mean, it's if I had a dime for every one of those stories, I'd be a guy.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thanks so much, Sasha.
Yeah, we appreciate you.
Thank you for coming and sharing your stories.
It's really powerful to hear this.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, absolutely.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thank you.
Thank you for having me.

[SPEAKER_15]
Thank you, Sasha.
OK, we're going to keep moving along.
And now if you can see Jennifer Bridges.
Hello, Jennifer.

[SPEAKER_23]
Hi, thanks for having me.

[SPEAKER_15]
Thank you for being here and for being so patient.
I'm going to introduce you as a registered nurse at Houston Methodist for eight years until you became the first nurse in the country to be fired for refusing the COVID shot in June of 2021.
You took action and initiated a class action lawsuit with about 200 others and you founded Guardians of Medical Choice.
That is quite a fascinating statistic.

[SPEAKER_23]
Yes, it has been definitely an interesting past couple of years.

[SPEAKER_15]
Well, thank you for being here for your bravery.

[SPEAKER_12]
Thank you.
You're supposed to do what you're told, Jennifer.
You're supposed to take the shot.
Take one for the team.
It's the right thing to do.
It's protect society.
We're not safe until we're all vaccinated.

[SPEAKER_23]
If I hear that one more time.
Luckily, I was built with a brain and some common sense and I don't take well to bullies.
And we were literally the very first ones in the country to get the mandate.
I believe we were the first ones to even get the Pfizer shot to roll out to anybody.
And just right off the bat, just how the bullying, the intimidation, just the way people were being treated.
like crying in the hallways, not knowing what to do.
I even tried being proactive about it.
And I spoke to my CEO in Siena, what they actually called me into a meeting.
And the things they said to me behind doors just bullying me, basically, oh, yep, and basically telling us that 100% compliance with this is more important than your own individual autonomy.
And if you don't like it, there's the door.
We'll find a new graduate nurse to take your spot.

[SPEAKER_12]
Wow, so embracing and so caring and so loving.
And how long had you worked?
How long had you worked for them for?

[SPEAKER_23]
Well, I was with them a little over eight years.
And what's funny is I won multiple awards.
I was known for my patient care and being an advocate, but none of that mattered.
As soon as we didn't want to get some experimental shot into us and be a guinea pig, it was a totally different story.
But let me tell you, you would have loved what I put them through.
I literally had so much fun with them until the day I got fired and after that,
I mean, I made that CEO Mark Boom got on every news story.
We were on CNN.
We were, I mean, you saw the one on Hannity.
I drove them absolutely insane.
That's awesome.

[SPEAKER_12]
Good for you.
Good for you.

[SPEAKER_23]
Thank you.
Oh, my pleasure.

[SPEAKER_12]
So you didn't take the shots because you thought they were rushed to market and might not be safe, right?

[SPEAKER_23]
Well, just right off the bat, even without having any kind of medical degree, it just didn't make any sense.
Like, how could you come out with something so quickly and tell somebody it's 100% safe and effective?
Like, last I knew, only God did.

[SPEAKER_12]
It's new technology.
Jennifer, it's new technology.
It's more advanced.
It's this new mRNA technology.
We can do it faster.

[SPEAKER_23]
Oh, of course, whatever you need to say.
I mean, last I heard only God could actually create something safe and effective, right?
Human beings can't do anything 100%.
Even Thailand all will kill you if you take too much.
Like, that's not humanly possible.
But then of course, you know, they started rolling out the Pfizer shot with us right off the bat.

[SPEAKER_12]
and literally instantly after I didn't give any out you know I wouldn't be a part of that but yeah we were seeing patients rolling immediately with adverse reactions and okay so where is it so this is important okay you knew immediately after these shots rolled out that they're unsafe

[SPEAKER_23]
Oh yeah, 100%.

[SPEAKER_12]
How can the entire medical community, the medical consensus be that these things are safe and effective?
I mean, something's wrong here, okay?
That you can go and instantly see the carnage from these vaccines and the rest of the medical community is clueless.
How do you explain that?
Come on, I mean,

[SPEAKER_23]
And that's a very good question.
A lot of people are just, they're just built to do what they're told.
They don't like to, you know, ruffle feathers or like do anything that they're not supposed to cause any waves.
But a lot of us, like everybody on here, all of us, so many others now, I mean, we don't, we don't do that.
We're the ones that, you know, we stand, we put our foot down, we're like, hold on, this doesn't make sense.
What's going on?
We're not supposed to do any harm, right?
And nurses are taught and drilled into them to have critical thinking skills.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_12]
But how many of your, how many of your fellow nurses were on your side?
How many, you saw it immediately, you said, this is a fricking disaster.
How many other nurses, how many of your colleagues saw the same thing and perhaps didn't speak out, but how many of them saw the same thing you did instantly as the vaccines rolled out?
What percentage?

[SPEAKER_23]
Oh my gosh, percentage.
It's hard to say at that time I would almost split it in half because there was at least half of us there that I'd say more than half, probably 60 to 70% that we're seeing what was going on, but people were whispering.
People would literally call me into staircases like hide me in rooms without cameras to talk about it because they were so scared of Methodist.
But then you had this other maybe 30% that just had no clue.
And the things I would hear I mean people were telling me that I was like trying to kill people and I need to get slapped the sense back into me and
Just so many, so many things, but a lot of them just did whatever they were told.
And I lost so many great coworkers and friends that just turned against me and wouldn't even talk to me after that.

[SPEAKER_12]
So, but you said that half of the half of your coworkers realized that these things were a disaster.

[SPEAKER_23]
Oh, I'd say more than half.
I'd say at least at least 65 to 70% because everybody all walks a life from physical therapists to ultrasound technicians, even doctors like running up whispering about this.
They're basically like telling us like, Hey, this had to have been from the shot.
Like this sudden paralysis doesn't make any sense.
Like, you know, being covered in three or four PEs and blood clots makes no sense.

[SPEAKER_12]
Right, right, right.
So, so, but they weren't saying anything publicly.
They weren't like calling the news media.
They weren't saying anything out loud.
It's all like.

[SPEAKER_23]
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
Absolutely.
Because Houston Methodist is very, very large in the Houston area.
They are just leading tyrants and because doctors especially are scared of them.
They're known.
If you speak against them, they will try to ruin your career.
Yeah, Dr. Bowden was, you know, they spoke out against her quickly, but she's, she's vicious just like the rest of us.
And she was not going to take that sitting down out at all.
Um, I worked with her for about a year after getting fired and we tag team and did a lot, you know, just different events.
We were out there DC for the mandate March.
We treated, gosh, thousands and thousands of COVID patients outpatient.
And guess what?
Doing the right protocols, not a single one of our people died, were hospitalized.
We would even if people shook to our doors, their oxygenation would be like 60%.
They couldn't even breathe.
And we would treat them properly outpatient.
I would even go to their homes if they couldn't make it to us.
And it was 100% survival rate.

[SPEAKER_12]
100% survival rate.
Why isn't the NIH calling you and saying, hey, we're going to adopt your protocol instead of our protocol because our protocol has this horrible survival rate.

[SPEAKER_23]
Yeah.
Did you ever get a call from the NIH?
Nope.
No, because our protocols don't make them the billions of dollars.
That's why.
Exactly.

[SPEAKER_12]
Silly me.

[SPEAKER_23]
Yes.
And y'all would love to hear this.
I can get you in touch with them sometime if you want.
But long story short, we had our first lawsuit, which got dismissed because we had a horrible lawyer at the time.
But we started a new one right before our two year statute limitation was up.
So we've got a great new federal lawsuit in the courts right now with about 113 of us.
So it's very, very strong.
Like Methodist is definitely scared right now.
They even wrote like a 10 page letter to our law firm, basically threatening our lawyers and all the plaintiffs to drop the lawsuit or otherwise they would come after us for fees and sanctions and whatnot.
Um, but I even have a couple of coders.
Yeah, I'm sure you know what coders are in the hospital.
I have some on my lawsuit that were fired because they can testify and they have the proof that the hospitals were trying to get them to switch the codes to COVID related, um, deaths or to intubations that weren't valid.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_12]
That would be illegal, right?

[SPEAKER_23]
Exactly.
Exactly.
It's fraud.

[SPEAKER_12]
Is anybody investigating any of this fraud?

[SPEAKER_23]
Not that I am aware of, but it needs to be done because a lot of coders went along with it, but the ones that are on my team now, they had morals and they wouldn't do it.
So thank God they stood their ground, but they got fired as soon as they could find some other reason.

[SPEAKER_12]
They got fired because they wouldn't play along with changing the medical codes to get higher reimbursements.
Is that right?

[SPEAKER_23]
Absolutely.

[SPEAKER_12]
That's Medicare fraud.

[SPEAKER_23]
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
If Medicare went in and investigated these hospitals, the amount of fraud they will see is astronomical.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, they're never going to do that, though, because they've got to keep their jobs.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
No, they never will.
Yeah.
Wow, Jennifer.
Thank you so much.

[SPEAKER_12]
If you're a hospital and you do Medicare fraud, you're totally safe.
Don't worry about it.
It's just patting the profits.
It's the way it works.
They'll never come after you.

[SPEAKER_23]
Of course not.
You want to hear one other little fun tidbit that I found out later on?
Um, since we were the first ones to roll out the mandates, guess who was actually in Houston for some reason, talking to our CEO and the main people of Methodist to get this whole, this whole rollout started in the country.

[SPEAKER_12]
Tony Fauci.

[SPEAKER_23]
Yep.

[SPEAKER_12]
Tony Fauci.

[SPEAKER_23]
He was, we have the proof.
He was there sitting down with them in a meeting to get this rollout.

[SPEAKER_12]
Oh yeah.

[SPEAKER_23]
Yep.
Unreal.
Unreal.

[SPEAKER_15]
Incredible.
So much.
Thank you for being here and all of your hard bravery and work.
I appreciate you.

[SPEAKER_23]
Oh, absolutely.
Any time.
You are fierce.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_15]
So are y'all.
All right.
We're going on to our next guest.
Hello, Alex.
Welcome to VSRF Live.

[SPEAKER_10]
Hi.
Can you hear me?

[SPEAKER_15]
Yes, I believe you're safely on and let me read your, let me read your, go ahead, Steve.

[SPEAKER_12]
What, what, what, what number are we?
Are we, are we almost toward the end?
I'm really looking forward to Michelle Gershman.

[SPEAKER_15]
She's we've got, we've got nurse Alex and we got David.
And then nurse Cindy and then Michelle, we're finishing with, with Michelle.
So hang in there, Steve.
Uh, we've got, uh, so you are a wife and a mother as well as a registered nurse currently in practice as a bedside nurse in cardiology and neurology with a past background in nephrology.
You witnessed the obscene hospital policies and protocols of COVID treatments firsthand.
Welcome.
And looking forward to hearing your story.

[SPEAKER_12]
So Alex, just for the sake of time, can you confirm or deny that you've been listening to the whole thing up till now?
Do you disagree with anything that you've heard so far?

[SPEAKER_10]
No, I was going to say I pretty much concur with everyone that has spoken so far.
They've really touched on everything.
They're the only thing that no one seemed to have touched on that I experienced personally.
I mean, patient care went out the window.
It was non-existent.
But what really disturbed me was once they rolled out the policy of rescinding anyone's code status.
I mean, if you were a full code, if you were a patient who wanted to have everything done, you wanted to be resuscitated, you wanted chest compressions, you wanted to be intubated, they took that away for a short period of time.
Um, they didn't, they sent a message out saying, if someone coats, we are not to go in the room to, to participate and, and code the patient.
That's not their choice.

[SPEAKER_04]
That's not their choice.
If you're 30 years old and you are a full resuscitation and you want to fight through COVID, they do not have the right to take that code.
The reason why you're in the hospital is if something like that were to happen, you want all the care.
So to remove that from you is unbelievable.

[SPEAKER_12]
How does the hospital justify that?

[SPEAKER_10]
Your guess is as good as mine.
I mean, there is no justification.
They were saying it was for our safety, but we were willing to go into the rooms.
We were willing to take care of these patients, but they were telling us not to.
So there's no justification behind that.

[SPEAKER_12]
For your safety, huh?
And did they give you a safety study showing this?

[SPEAKER_10]
No, no.

[SPEAKER_12]
I mean, there's no science behind this.

[SPEAKER_10]
No, no, there's no science.
And that's what, that was my, that's my biggest pet peeve of this whole thing.
Oh, it's science based, but science is meant to be questioned, but they weren't allowing anyone to question anything.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, because if it was denied, they got more money.
And in non-COVID times, even if patients did not want to be resuscitated, we would have to resuscitate them unless we had it charted and documented and legally signed and it was in their chart.
So some patients didn't want to be resuscitated and we would have to do it regardless because you can't deny somebody care to keep them alive.
And so that is just shocking to me that
they would make these COVID patients do not resuscitate and take that right away from them.

[SPEAKER_12]
Unbelievable.
That must be illegal, isn't it?

[SPEAKER_10]
I would think so.

[SPEAKER_12]
The hospital should be sued for that, right?

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.
I mean, it wasn't for a long period of time, but it was definitely a few weeks that they had that policy in place that.

[SPEAKER_12]
But the family members would never know, right?

[SPEAKER_10]
No.

[SPEAKER_12]
So a family member would never know.
Their loved one would be lost.
They would die.
The hospital says, you know, those are the breaks.
That's the way it happens.
Sorry, we couldn't save them.
The family would never know.

[SPEAKER_10]
No, they wouldn't say, oh, hey, by the way, we could have resuscitated them, but we didn't.

[SPEAKER_12]
Can you name the hospital where this happened so that people who lost someone could go and find out and sue these hospitals for what they did?

[SPEAKER_10]
I was in North Jersey, North New Jersey, not right outside the city, one of the biggest hospital systems.
in New Jersey?

[SPEAKER_04]
Alex, the other question I have for you, did you happen to notice, because I know you probably don't want to put the hospital on the spot, but did you notice any discrimination between the unvaccinated patients and the vaccinated?
Like were they discriminating against them?

[SPEAKER_10]
I even had co-workers, and I don't think they realized I was unvaccinated, but they would say to me like, oh, we shouldn't even administer care to anybody who is unvaccinated.
Wow.
Astronomical to me.
I mean we we invite patients in regardless of what they come in for alcoholism drug abuse and prisoners and Imprisoned that we that we would take care of but they would sit there and say hey We don't want to take care of people who are unvaccinated because they're not going along with what we think is the right thing to do So and I should Sorry.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, no go ahead.
I was gonna ask you if there was a pandemic of the unvaccinated

[SPEAKER_10]
No, no, absolutely not.

[SPEAKER_12]
You never saw anything like that.
The people coming in were unvaccinated.

[SPEAKER_10]
I saw more patients who were, once the vaccines rolled out, there was a huge spike.
And I saw, in Epic, it tells you vaccinated or unvaccinated.
It tells you when you've gotten it.
So I would purposely look to see who was vaccinated and who wasn't.
Just for my own curiosity, a majority of people were vaccinated.
I'd say 90 plus, 90% plus, were vaccinated.

[SPEAKER_12]
And what was the per, well, I know in the United States, it's only 75% or so are vaccinated.
So to have 90%, that means that this was a pandemic of the vaccinated, not a pandemic of the unvaccinated.
Like how could anybody think that this is a pandemic of the unvaccinated?

[SPEAKER_10]
They watch the news.
That's what they do.
And they think that that's, that's what it is.
And it's not.
And it's so frustrating because you feel like you're crazy because you hear outside stories and then you see it in real time.
And it's not what you're seeing.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
Well, thank you so much, Alex.
We really appreciate you being here.
And thank you for all you're doing and for doing the right thing for being one of the good nurses.

[SPEAKER_10]
Thank you for having me.
I appreciate it.

[SPEAKER_15]
Thank you, Alex.
Appreciate it.
Nurse David is coming up next.
There he is.
Hello, Nurse David.
Thank you for joining us this evening, if you can see and hear us.

[SPEAKER_04]
He might be frozen.

[SPEAKER_15]
Might be frozen.
Let's give him a second.
Um, and if you can hear us, maybe if you want to turn off your video, that might actually help with the bandwidth.
We may have lost him.
Um, well, he did turn off his video.
He did.
He did turn off his video and his microphone's on, but still no, uh, no sound.

[SPEAKER_04]
Why don't you read his bio and then if he can, if he's available.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah.
If he can come back then, uh, so yeah, nurse.
Yep.
Or, or do we want to switch out?

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_15]
And then we can bring him back.
If, um, if he makes it back, I'm going to jump over to Cindy.
Are you there?
Can you hear me?
Nurse Cindy.

[SPEAKER_00]
I can hear you.

[SPEAKER_15]
Okay, I'm bringing you on to the stage now.
Thank you for being here.
You're gonna keep your video off if I'm correct.
And I'm gonna read your bio real quick.
You are an experienced ICU RN.
You are a charge nurse as well as a level four nurse in the hospital, which is the highest level that you can achieve.
Cindy's also a rapid response nurse, part of a team that provides critical care for patients who demonstrate signs of imminent clinical deterioration.
These specifically trained clinicians are often called upon to act quickly and provide treatment before ICU transfer, cardiac arrest, or death.
You've witnessed horrific ICU COVID policies as well as vaccine injured patients and staff.
You are the type of person we really want on the front lines.
Welcome to the show, Cindy.

[SPEAKER_00]
Oh, thank you for this introduction.
Yeah, I've been here.
I've been with Kaiser for
long, long time.
And I listened to all the horrible stories that nurses and repertoire therapists have been saying.
I witnessed all of that.
And it's luckily godly that I've been exempt.
I get approved religious assumption.
But believe me,
It's not a process.
They make you make sure that you live in hell.
You can't eat with your colleague.
They have a designated area that you can eat.
You have to test yourself two times a week.
You have to weigh at 95 at all times.
And on top of that, funny, before the vaccine rollout, if I wear a mask on the hallway, I will get fire.
So suddenly, I don't wear a N95, I get fire.
How ironic that was.
And then, on top of that, I have listened to my doctor, nurses say, I'm selfish, I'm a murderer.
What kind of religion are you?
Don't want to protect your patient, your coworker.
What the heck, you know, what are you doing?
And I'm like, just like they listen to them and they say, well,
Um, well, if you should get sick, we're not gonna take care of you because you unvaxed, so you already commit, you already commit a suicide already.
Why should I save your life?
Are you kidding me?

[SPEAKER_04]
Doctors tell all these patients the lies that the doctors would tell the patients.
They would do early, early intubation and they would tell their patients, we're going to put you on the ventilator to save your life.
What was the truth?

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, it's just, there's a few patients that are so young and like, they, they, they do fine without a ventilation, but they decided like, like, I think everybody was saying, yeah, we do that to protect you.
So then we're supposed to all the fire is flying in the air.
So they intubate them, but they lie to them, to the patient and the family will say, well, we do this to save.
I said, and then after the talk, I confronted them.
I said, why are you lying to them?
Just tell them the truth.
You put that in their mouth.
That's their last day.
And then some of the doctors even say, well, let them eat their last meal.
And then that's the end of them.
I mean, we all know that's the dead.
And they still don't eat.
And actually, yesterday we did it again.
And then after that, we basically coded him
And we put the chest to it.
You name it.
Like he's the guy almost die.
They're still doing these horrible policies and see if they were doing it.
So this guy actually vaccinated and now he held COVID and they landed on long COVID.

[SPEAKER_04]
They landed on long COVID.
Yeah, instead of the, yeah.

[SPEAKER_12]
instead of the shots.
So Cindy, have you been listening for the whole time?
Do you disagree with anything that's been said?
And can you confirm what's been said so far?

[SPEAKER_00]
No, I'm 100% agree with what everybody say.
I mean, like I said, I wasn't at the thought that the House will commit it, the lie, and all that.
or the doctor, you know, come in like I'm without nurses do the same thing.
When the patient come in these diagnosis now that I always check.
the vaccine status, I would say it's 100% they are vaccinated.
And a few of them even get sick a few day after the fact.
And our doctor, we feel to report it to there.
They said none of this is associated.
I'm like, I'll say, oh my dear.
You know what I'm saying?

[SPEAKER_12]
You know what I'm just about?
You're supposed to report any kind of vaccine after the vaccine.
You're supposed to report any of these adverse events to the vaccine.

[SPEAKER_00]
You know, I was telling Steve, I talked to them and they say, well, I don't know how to report it.
I'm like, are you kidding me?
I told them, you massive vaccinate people and you don't know how to report the side effect.
You don't know what to watch for side effect.
And I said, no wonder I don't trust you guy.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, by the way, I just want to say level four nurse is very, very rare.
I have never talked to a level four nurse before.
So I really want to salute you.
That is a remarkable, a very remarkable accomplishment that you should be celebrated for.
So I just wanted to say that.

[SPEAKER_04]
Oh, thank you.
Steve, you know, I do give the hospital where she worked credit because they did notice that there was people dying and having issues.
But what they wrote you a letter, Cindy, like everybody in the hospital got a letter that then mysteriously disappeared.
But what did that letter say that they were concerned about that was causing the death of these patients?

[SPEAKER_00]
Yes.
So I will see a letter from Kaiser.
to our employee.
I'm saying that explanation from all the hard talk, talk, get access, whole failure due to climate change.
Do the climate change?
Are you kidding me?
And believe it or not, our nurses believe in that.
And I started to explain it to me why they're losing their hair, why they have their blood pressure, why they have VTACs, a respiratory vaccine,
Yep, it's climate change.

[SPEAKER_12]
The hospital sent this out to the staff saying it's climate change?
Yep.
Did they attach a link to a study in a peer-reviewed journal that concluded that?

[SPEAKER_00]
No, they just started to give some little details.
How about Kevin that outside, if you do this and do this and being like, they're no data, but they just randomly believe me, we are shippable.
So believe me, people believe in it.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thank you so much, Cindy.
We really, really appreciate you.
Thank you for still working.
You're still one of the few nurses that's unvaccinated.
It's still working.
I see you that I know of.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_00]
I would like to add one more thing about the vaccine clinic.
Michael Walker is saying, you know, after all the car problem, they have cardiologists in the clinic watching all those effects.
And, and, and then you can see the little fly on the wall.
I say it's too safe and effective.
I mean, how does it say ineffective if you have a cardiologist sit in there, observe all the side effects.
That's crazy.

[SPEAKER_04]
Crazy.
Unbelievable.
Very sad.
Very, very sad.

[SPEAKER_15]
Oh, thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you so much for joining us and for being here this evening.
We really appreciate you and all the work you've done and continue to do.

[SPEAKER_00]
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_15]
Okay, we're going to move next to Michelle Gershman.
Can you see and hear us?

[SPEAKER_20]
Yes, I can.

[SPEAKER_15]
Are you the last one?

[SPEAKER_12]
Unless David comes back, she is the last one.
Okay.
So we, yes, we saved the best for last year because Michelle is my favorite.

[SPEAKER_04]
Everybody is my favorite, Steve.
They're all the best, but this data is really shocking.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah.
Her data, her data is unbelievable.

[SPEAKER_15]
Well, let me introduce you to the audience.

[SPEAKER_12]
This is worth the wait.
Do not drop off.
If you made it this far, do not drop off this call.
What you are about to hear will astonish you.

[SPEAKER_15]
Well, Michelle is a registered nurse and also a body code practitioner.
Her mom was murdered by deadly hospital COVID protocols in November of 2021.
Michelle was qualified to save her mom, but the hospital said she was not allowed in to see her mom because it was against their policies.
That's just awful.
It's just a tragic story.
Thank you for being here and for your patience for waiting to come in at the end.

[SPEAKER_20]
Yes, thank you so much for having me on.
It's an honor to be here, of course, and I want to say first of all, I appreciate all of you whistleblowers for standing out because in the moment that I sent off this horrific email, I felt very alone and I'm just realizing that there is an entire army out there built by God and I believe that we've all been given this assignment to spread truth
So yeah, like you said, my mom was murdered in 2021.
And before she was killed, I got hired on postpartum.
And during my orientation, I had to give a hepatitis B shot to a newborn.
And I will forever regret that.
The minute I gave that shot, I felt disgusted with myself.
I told my mom about it.
I said, I don't feel right doing this.
I think I need to quit.
I need to go back to being a cardiac nurse because I can't poke these babies.
And she said, do not quit.
Those babies need you and you're saving them.
And so that will forever ring in my mind her voice telling me that.
So she was murdered, I begged and I fought so hard to go be there with her when she was being killed and the hospital fought me back the whole way.
And it was the most horrific experience I've ever gone through my life.
My mom was.

[SPEAKER_12]
Is this in your own hospital that you that you worked in that your mom was in or that was just a different hospital?

[SPEAKER_20]
No, it was another one, a local hospital that was close to her.

[SPEAKER_12]
Okay.
And are you are you a registered nurse or what's your?
Okay, so you're an RN and they wouldn't let an RN into the hospital to see her own mother.

[SPEAKER_20]
Correct.
And I kept saying, she's dying.
I demanded that they don't give her remdesivir and I just was trying to save her life.
And every single interaction was just horrible.
And just no, they did not give a shit about my mother.
They kept asking me, why did your mom get the vaccine?
I said, she's allergic and it doesn't matter.
And so it was just awful.
And so I continued to work after she died because even though I was traumatized by this whole thing that was happening, this whole pandemic, I kept hearing my mom say, don't quit.
These babies need you and you're saving them.
And so the vaccine started rolling out in March of 2021.
So a few months before my mom died.
And I started seeing these moms come in to deliver their babies and they're having these horrible circulatory problems like blood pressure issues like through the roof.
these huge clots constantly just coming out of them or just bleeding out.
And like a lot of these other nurses were saying, you constantly hear the code blue going off in the hospital.
Things that didn't really happen before 2021.
And so I was very observant about these new health issues.
And I also remember before the shots came out that I remember thinking this is a bad idea and they're probably going to push it on pregnant women.
And so the year before they put brought the shots out, I would notice that there'd be like one or two fetal demises, babies that had passed away in utero full term every couple of months.
So, you know, one or two every two to three months.
was an average number, which is terribly sad.
You know, if you carry a baby for almost nine months and then you go to the hospital and you go into labor and you realize your baby passed away, that has to be the most terrible feeling, right?
Also, I do believe that God gives us these babies.
They're a gift from God, they're love and joy, you know, and for someone to be, for someone to lose a baby, I feel like that's just, that's gotta be the most awful feeling.

[SPEAKER_12]
So it's, it's about four a year is what you told me, average from around four a year.

[SPEAKER_20]
Yes.
Before March of 2021.
So March of 2021.

[SPEAKER_12]
And by the way, just, just to quantify that, that is not, you're just not your personal observation.
This is your coworkers would agree that you would see four fetal demises per year.

[SPEAKER_20]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_12]
And at the hospital in total.

[SPEAKER_20]
Correct, yes.
So March 2021, the vaccine start rolling out.
Everybody in California, so brainwashed, go get your vaccine, right?
So even the OBGYNs are talking to pregnant women into getting it, telling them if you get COVID while pregnant, you're more likely to die or whatever.
And so they would scare them and convince them to take it.
So a lot of these moms were getting it while pregnant.
So in March, it appeared that a mother
would come to the hospital and it showed that she had just received the COVID vaccine like a week before and now she's at the hospital and her baby had passed away.
So March through, we go for like an entire year where I'm seeing these fetal demises.
I keep coming to work you know three or four times a week and every time I come to work there's a fetal demise and
so obviously a huge increase and i'm asking nurses what's going on why are these babies dying something's not right and um they're like oh i don't know moms are unhealthy these days you know pesticides um global warming global warming
I'm like, and nobody's talking about it, kind of like what the whistleblowers are saying.
And so then I'm just like disgusted with the whole medical system at this point because they killed my mom in November.
You know, I still go to work even though I don't really want to.
And then I went to work one morning.
It was September 8th.
And I opened my email and I got this email.
And I can't even believe that I received this email because the person who wrote it, I can't believe that they even wrote it because all the data is in it, that I believe it's truly God.
He wanted that word to get out.
And so I happened to read this email along with like 200 other nurses.
And so it said, as you all know, there's been an increase in fetal demises
And in the month of August, there was a record number of fetal demises and there were 22 of them in one month.
Then it goes to say that ties the record number of fetal demises in July of 2021.
So if you take an entire year, an average of 22 fetal demises per month for one year, that's just
ludicrous I don't even have the words for that but what person on the planet would read something like that and not think oh my god we have a problem that's that we're talking about babies like I am shaking thinking about like how disgusting that email is and that content but then it gets worse so it says because of
the increase in fetal demises, we need to brush up on our policies and we need to learn how to handle a dead baby's body.
And I was like, oh, hell no.
I'm not brushing up on any of your policies.
I've been told so many times you can't come in and save your mother because of their policy.
I don't give a shit about policies anymore.
And so I took that email, I copy and pasted it and I sent it to a friend who knows a few people associated with children's health defense.
I didn't send it to her for within my mind that she knows Children's Health Defense.
I just sent it to her because I knew that she would want this information.
And so by sending it to Children's Health Defense, it kind of took off.
And I believe this is public knowledge.
They should know this.
They should know that these babies are dying and an exponential increase in numbers.
And so
From there, it went viral.
And then my work caught on because I spoke out in the died suddenly documentary.
And they had a meeting with me and investigation.
And I was like, oh, crap.
Well, here I go.
I'm going to get fired.
Or they're going to take my license or whatever.
But I was like, they already killed my mom.
My license means nothing to me.
I don't care because you took my mom.
So take whatever you want at this point.
In the investigation, there were like five of them there, and they were asking me all these questions for an hour.
And one of them was, are you aware that it's a company policy to copy and paste an email, an internal document?
And I said, why are you wasting your resources investigating why I copy and pasted an internal document?
You guys should be using your resources investigating why babies are dying.

[SPEAKER_12]
Exactly.
Exactly right.
What did they say to that?
What was their response?
Nothing.

[SPEAKER_20]
They said nothing.
And they said, we're not here to answer your questions, Michelle.
We're here to ask you questions on behalf of blah, blah, blah company that we have to ask.
I'm like, OK. And then I said, I have rights as a whistleblower.
And basically, I didn't do anything wrong.
I did what I have the right to do under the rights of a whistleblower.
And after a couple minutes, couple more questions, they were like, OK, you can go back to work.

[SPEAKER_12]
All right.
Well, let me, let me, let me summarize this because you didn't leave.
You left out one of the most important parts, which is that there was a day when there were five fetal demises in a single day in your hospital.
Five fetal demises in one day.
Okay.
This is more in one day than there is in an entire year in the hospital.
But the other thing she didn't tell you is that
The hospital has been regularly doing between 20 and 30 fetal demises a month.
So you've had months where you've had 30 fetal demises, right?

[SPEAKER_20]
Yes.
So pretty much every time I go to work, there's one.

[SPEAKER_12]
So in other words, take the 30, multiply it by three, because that is the increase.
So in other words, it went from four in a year
to 30 in a month.
That is a 90-fold increase.
A 90-fold increase in the number of fetal deaths.
And they are investigating Michelle Gershman
and they are not interested in finding out what the cause of the 90-fold increase in fetal deaths is.
And this is why I said, this is insane that we are killing, we are telling mothers to take these shots that have a 90-fold increase in fetal demises
This is beyond unethical and the press in the world, there is no major media in the world that is ever going to cover this story.
You're only going to hear it on VSRF.
60 minutes will never cover this.
CNN is never going to cover this.
The New York Times is never going to cover this.
Nobody.
is ever going to cover this and it's verifiable in this hospital.
It's never going to get out to the masses.
Nobody's gonna touch this story.
It's horrible.

[SPEAKER_20]
It really is.
I have no words.

[SPEAKER_12]
It is the most unbelievable story.
And I'm saying that it's in terms of the increased rate, a 90-fold increase in rate
is astronomical.
This is a verifiable story, and nobody's touching it.

[SPEAKER_20]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_12]
I mean, I don't even think the Epic Times will touch this story.
It's so unbelievable.
I mean, this should be front page news.

[SPEAKER_20]
That's what I was thinking.
Every news media.
When I read it, I'm like, this information should be public.
People have to know this, because a mother
I believe a mother is so, like I truly believe, or I truly love taking care of mothers.
I believe that they're all beautiful.
And the fact that mothers can bring souls onto this planet, you know, a brand new, pure little soul, like there's no comparison.
And then to have something taking that away, I have no words.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah.
And for them to cover it up, right?
They cover it up.
Nobody talks about it.
The press won't touch it.
And they investigate you.

[SPEAKER_20]
I know.
And we retaliated too, by the way.
Um, this is a credit.

[SPEAKER_04]
This isn't crazy at all.
But this is crazy.

[SPEAKER_20]
So they were mad at me for copying and pasting an email.
So they put me on not, not good standing employee, right?
And then because of that, they didn't have to give me my Christmas bonus.
I didn't know what the amount was going to be.
I just knew that everybody was getting a Christmas bonus.
And when the bonus came,
I didn't get one.
So I started asking, you know, how much was the bonus?
And I texted a friend about it and he confirmed that it was $6,666.

[SPEAKER_04]
And you're the only one that can get that bonus.
Why did they pick that number?

[SPEAKER_12]
I mean, that is- You can't make this stuff up, by the way.

[SPEAKER_04]
You really can't.
Money never mind.
It's laughable.
It's laughable.
You didn't get the 6666.
You were the only nurse that didn't get the bonus.

[SPEAKER_20]
Correct.
So there's probably 6,000 nurses, 7,000 nurses, or there's several employees that work at this hospital.
So a huge amount of nurses received a check for 6666.

[SPEAKER_12]
And I did not.
How many nurses got the 666 check?

[SPEAKER_20]
Probably close to 6 or 7,000 because there are a lot of them.

[SPEAKER_12]
Six or 7,000 nurses got the 6666 check and you were the only nurse not to get the bonus check.

[SPEAKER_20]
Because she spoke out.
Yes.

[SPEAKER_12]
Because you spoke out.

[SPEAKER_20]
Yes.
But in rebuttal, Dr. Thorpe, he's amazing.
He opened up a fundraiser for me last year or so when this happened.
And people all over the world donated money to me.
And it was such a blessing.
I so appreciate everybody, because so many people have reached out to me.
And this has been just losing my mom has been horrible.
But people have been really amazing as far as truth warriors coming together.
And it's been a crazy experience.
People sent me money on the gifts and go and I ended up making over like $8,000.
And so I technically got my bonus.

[SPEAKER_12]
And more and more.
We're doing the right thing.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
Yeah.
Wow.
That's awesome.
Thank you so much, Michelle.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_12]
Thank you for speaking out.
It's unbelievable this information.
And thank you for bringing it to the public's attention because the public needs to know.
And I'll try my hardest to try and get it out.
But the news media, even the alt-medias is not covering this.
I mean, the CHD to their credit covered your story.
So bravo to them.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thank you to them as well.

[SPEAKER_15]
We definitely need to get it to the epic times.
I think they would run this.
I hope they would, but we'll see.
Well, thank you, Michelle.
Thank you for all your courage and your bravery.
We appreciate you being on tonight.
We have David back, so we've got one more.
Let's bring
Nurse David, there you are.
Can you guys hear me?
Yes.
Yes, we can.
Wonderful.
Glad you made it.
Let me read your bio, David.
You worked as a nurse in an impatient psychiatric setting for a decade after leaving your job in a retail pharmacy.
During your long career in healthcare, you witnessed many scandals involving prescription medications such as OxyContin, Vioxx, Zantac, and antidepressant SSRIs.
Informed consent, evidence-based practice,
and individualized care have always been the foundations of your nursing practice.
And you always were greatly disturbed, sorry, you were always greatly disturbed to see these values thrown away during COVID.
Welcome, David.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, thanks for hosting this event.
I heard Steve's interview with Gail and found myself, you know,
It's been incredibly validating to hear all these stories from all these healthcare professionals tonight.
But it's also been disturbing because look at how many awesome people have been forced out of their hospitals.
If you or a loved one are in the hospital, these are the people you want there taking care of them.
and they've been placed on black lists and forced into different careers out of healthcare.
That's not a good situation.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, I think everybody on this program has one thing in common, right?
They've all been persecuted by their organizations.
Not a single person on this entire episode has been awarded or gotten accommodation
gotten any kind of commendation from their medical institution for doing the right thing, not a single one.
Angela, do you even know, have you even heard of anyone who's a whistleblower who has then gotten a reward or a commendation from their hospital?

[SPEAKER_04]
These are the best of the best nurses.
These are the nurses you want taking care of you with the most experience and courageous and will do the right thing.
I mean, and yeah, not a single one, not a single one.
Cindy, who is ICU nurse, she's still working.
She's the only one that I know that is fought back.
I think she got, she appealed it five times.
and she's still working.
But yeah, no, we get slapped on the hand and, you know, canceled and not allowed to work in hospitals.
But David's got a interesting perspective, you know, being a psych nurse, but you're tell us a little bit about Epic.
You have a deep dive into Epic.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, so my experience at the patient bedside was a lot different from all these ICU nurses who have told their stories.
But my background prior to nursing was in computer science.
So I've been involved in my hospital's technology committee, including with the software we ran, which is Epic.
So I've had some under the hood time with Epic.
And whatever Steve talks about being a data guy and a numbers guy that resonates with me, because that's me too.
And what really became apparent, especially during mandate season in the fall of 2021, was that the hospital software had incredible bias built right into it to drive the narrative that COVID is awful and the vaccines are safe and effective.
I don't know if, Livio, you can put up the quote from one of the Epic executives, but they gave some interviews about this themselves, where Epic was positioning themselves to be the vendor for digital vaccine passports.
You can choose whether or not you have an Android phone or an Apple phone, or whether or not you have Facebook or TikTok on your phone.
But Epic wanted it to be mandatory for you to have their app on your phone to be able to participate in society.
And for them to achieve that, they needed several things to be true.
They needed COVID to be an awful pandemic, killing all these people.
They needed the vaccines to be safe and they needed the vaccines to be
effective at preventing transmission.
And this software is used by about 85% of the hospitals in this country.
And there was bias built right into it to generate data to support that narrative.
The first way was with diagnosis codes.
So everybody who was admitted to the hospital, whether or not they were symptomatic for COVID or not, would get a diagnosis code of U07.1 if they swabbed positive.
So we had these rapid tests that gave all sorts of false positives and we had overcycled PCR tests that also gave all sorts of false positives.
There was no way to distinguish.
because there was only one diagnosis code, whether you were being admitted to the hospital because you were so sick with COVID or whether or not you were being admitted to for something else, like to my unit, and you just happened to swab positive.
So that was the first problem.
And then the other problem was with how they counted whether or not people were vaccinated or not.
Epic's default was unvaccinated, or I'm sorry, it was,
Yeah, unvaccinated until proven otherwise.
So this creates huge issues in our system because our healthcare system is so fragmented.
Right in my area here, there are 50 different places you can get a COVID vaccine, but none of them talk to each other.
Walmart doesn't talk to Target, doesn't talk to CVS, doesn't talk to Mayo, doesn't talk to all these places.
They're running their own software.
So if you get vaccinated at one place, these other places don't know.
And then
different states also have different vaccine registries.
So for my hospital, we're right on the border of Minnesota and Iowa.
So if you were a Minnesota resident or an Iowa resident and you got admitted to the hospital, the hospital in Wisconsin would not check the state registries in other states to see whether or not you received a COVID vaccine.
So I might go through my flow sheets like a good nurse and I might click that you're vaccinated, but that data field isn't what ends up
linking to the state registry, making its way eventually to the federal government when they start tabulating numbers about how many unvaccinated COVID hospitalizations we have.
So I had friends throughout the hospital, including on the COVID unit, and they said that this was a constant issue there.
They would have COVID breakout at a nursing home.
So they would have all these patients come in who are vaccinated at the nursing home.
They would all show up as unvaccinated
in Epic, and that's what would get reported forward.
The pandemic of the unvaccinated, right?
The pandemic of the unvaccinated, yeah.
And there was a choice made there because Epic could have had a separate category for unknown.
They chose not to do that.
Other countries did that.
Lots of other countries had a category for unknown, but they
Someone along the chain there made the decision.

[SPEAKER_12]
How could Epic have made such a rookie mistake like that?
This is a big company, sophisticated company.
They have very smart people.
How could they make a rookie mistake like that?
And nobody even noticed or complained.
I mean, and I'm being sarcastic here because lots of people noticed and
In fact, when you came in and you were put into the system, the nurses weren't even able to change your vaccination status in the Epic system because they were never taught how to do that.
So people remained unvaccinated even though they were vaccinated.
So this is why we have this pandemic of the unvaccinated because Epic did this and they did this.
They rolled this out throughout the entire
nation, right?
So 85% of the systems have this bias to being, you're unvaccinated and the nurses couldn't change that.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yep, you're unvaccinated until proven otherwise and it's incredibly hard to prove otherwise because none of these, none of, there were huge
issues with the data chain.

[SPEAKER_12]
Nobody seems to talk about this.
None of the doctors say this can't be right because nobody brings this up.
Have you ever heard anyone whose pro vaccine bring this up that there's this bias?

[SPEAKER_01]
So actually it's interesting because I dug into some of the CDC meeting minutes that are publicly available online from 2021 and there were people calling out at the CDC like, hey, our healthcare system is so Balkanized.
Our data is crap.
What are we going to do about it?
you know when you think about operation warp speed and all that they had all the money in the world to try and come up with solutions even to just like increase bandwidths for some of the different state registries and they didn't do any of that.
I talked to Epic directly about it actually and they told me about the state of California where there were so many hospitals querying the state registry it was basically a DDOS attack.
The state registry was just constantly crashing so when
My hospital CEO announced that they were going to be fired the unvaccinated staff.
He actually quoted an article.
that the CDC was putting out there from California about how this is a pandemic of the unvaccinated.
And that was at a point in time when their state vaccine registry was basically dysfunctional and everybody was unvaccinated.
So it was just ridiculous from beginning to end.

[SPEAKER_12]
Did you bring us up with Epic?
And did you call Epic, like Epic basically
puts us in and then all the hospitals get it and they can't change it because it's programmed at Epic.
Did you ever call up Epic and say, oh, I think you have an error.
It shouldn't default to unvaccinated, it should default to unknown and it should be easy for the nurses to change that.
Did you ever bring that up with them and what did they say?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, I did.
And the people I talked to there never really got back to me with a straight answer about that.
It was basically beyond their pay grade.
Is that typical?
Has this happened before?

[SPEAKER_12]
Has it only happened with the COVID vaccine?
I'm only aware of it with the COVID vaccine.
I see.
Okay.
So they never even got back to you just to say that we'll get back to you on that soon.
They basically dropped the ball.

[SPEAKER_01]
They were very forthcoming about what a huge problem it was with the state vaccine registries that's been a known
issue for a long time and they were very transparent about how these communication breakdowns and how the data is really basically just crap because none of these systems talk to each other.

[SPEAKER_12]
But they couldn't fix the problem of, they couldn't change the default from unvaccinated to unknown.
Right.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_01]
They're unable to do that for you.
Right.
Yeah.
Nope.
Had to be unknown or had to be unvaccinated.
It couldn't be unknown.

[SPEAKER_04]
Wow.
But yeah.

[SPEAKER_12]
How sinister is that?
Boy.

[SPEAKER_04]
Unbelievable.
Is there anything?

[SPEAKER_12]
Somebody should, by the way, somebody in Congress should investigate this, but I predict nobody's going to ask any questions.
Yeah.
Yeah.
The New York Times should investigate this, but I predict nobody's going to ask any questions.

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, I tried to figure out how much of an impact that had.
That's huge.
Absolutely.
The best way I could figure out how was to compare our COVID data to other countries, countries that have universal health care and have way better COVID data than we do.
And as far as I could tell, it was something along the lines of COVID vaccines were
four to 12 times more effective in the US than anywhere else in the world.
And when the mandates rolled out, we really tried to spread the word about it.
So this graph up on the screen here, you can see that other countries learned from looking at their data just by the age that they're giving kids boosters now.
So we give six months old their first couple of jabs and then we're giving them their first booster at age five.
If you're in France and you're 79 years old,
sorry great grandma you're a little too young to get a covid booster at this point in time and you compare that to us age five it's ridiculous all these countries won't give it if you're under 65 years old they've looked at their data they have way better data than we do they're not really uh speaking they're not really coming out and saying that they got the whole covid vaccine situation wrong but
their policy really says a lot about where they're at with what they've looked at with their data.
Now we just need them to actually make it public and we can hopefully get some justice.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, in the United States, we don't believe in data transparency.
The same as in other countries, data transparency is a bad thing.
And we have the highest healthcare spending.
We have the lowest age expectation.
And then we have the lowest age for the COVID vaccine.
It is a remarkable accomplishment.

[SPEAKER_04]
And I mean that the worst outcomes.

[SPEAKER_12]
Right.
Yeah.
Most the most spending and the worst outcomes.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, so like Aaron, I've been blacklisted and not able to get a job as an unvaccinated nurse.
So I've started working as a forensic nurse with a lawyer who's got dozens of cases from around Wisconsin where we're seeing what all these other nurses talked about seeing and what Mark Bishofsky talked about seeing where
people just being intubated on the weakest set of circumstances.
People being intubated because they were annoying staff and they were unvaccinated and there was this just incredible bigotry against unvaccinated people in the hospital.
But it really feels like a David versus Goliath situation.
All these companies have
Immunity and the government has immunity and they have all the money in the world to to fight and and the people who are trying to fight the good fight just have So little resources Yeah, thank you David.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thank you so much.
I we really appreciate you and thanks for closing out the show every single nurse respiratory therapist and
Ancillary staff technicians.
I mean you guys are the best of the best and just keep keep on doing what you're doing because like Steve says we will win and we're not stopping we are Going full force ahead and there's nothing that's gonna stop us from telling the truth and
You know, demanding justice for what they've done to the people that have lost their lives as well as all of the vaccine injured.
So I think all of you nurses so much from the bottom of my heart for being the bravest of the brave and all of you are my heroes.
I'm just so honored to be a nurse alongside of you guys.
But thank you.

[SPEAKER_15]
So Angela, we've got about 11 nurses left to, I want to bring them all on the stage.
That means you and I are going to like disappear and we're going to leave them with Steve.
So Steve can ask any final questions to everyone that's been on the show and still here.
And I may come in and ask a couple of audience questions, but I'm going to start off by bringing everyone that was here tonight.
You and I will go off stage and leave them with Steve for a few minutes here.

[SPEAKER_04]
Awesome.

[SPEAKER_12]
you're gonna leave me alone.
Oh my gosh, with all these nurses.
Love you, love you.

[SPEAKER_09]
We're the safe ones, Steve.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, so it looks like, okay, we got everybody on here.
So if you've, everybody's been listening to what's been said, is there anybody who disagrees with anything that has been said tonight?
That's the most important question.
Okay, and the second most important question is, is there anyone who has anything to add to what's been said that has not been said already that would be important for our audience to know?

[SPEAKER_09]
I would like to add a few things.
This is Gail McCrae.
I would just like to add a few things.
Firstly, I think it's really important for the audience to know that people like us
were regular healthcare workers before this happened.
This was not, I, like most of the nurses here had received honors in my role.
I had an outstanding annual review repeatedly.
I had two children who, you know, my husband is a civil engineer.
I owned a house or, you know, I mean, we were normal people.
And I think that it's really important to recognize how the media and the mainstream has really tried to demonize us and turn us into conspiracy theorists and all of these lies to try to degrade our character and to try and manipulate the things that we're saying.
When the fact is, is that we are the ones who took one for the team to stand up.
and speak out amongst all of this chaos.
So that is a really important thing, I think, that needs to be recognized.
In addition to that, I heard a lot of congruency on this call with all of the medical staff.
One of the things that I think that the public needs to understand is that we were all in the hospital in 2020 and we
We would have noticed if these things were happening in 2020.
It would have been clear.
But the fact is, is that what was happening in 2020 is that the hospitals were below normal census.
We were not seeing abnormal clotting disorders associated with COVID.
And if we were, they were so minimal that they couldn't be documented.
It was such a clear and profound impactful difference with what we saw in the acute care setting from 2020 before the rollout of the shots until immediately when we started vaccinating our communities.
And that's the other point that I hear the public make so often is that, oh, this is long COVID.
We just weren't recognizing these signs earlier.
That is not true.
I, as a medical professional with extensive experience in an open heart ICU and telemetry floors, these clotting disorders and these abnormal neurological outcomes were not occurring.
It's just like the fetal demises.
They were not occurring in 2020.
And so, you know, I think that really to wrap it all up, like we can't
The media has manipulated the things that we're saying to stop this message from reaching the general public.
And it's not true.

[SPEAKER_04]
You're muted, Steve.

[SPEAKER_12]
Sorry about that.
Yeah, totally agree with you.
It's an excellent point.
You are all celebrated people and now you're cast in this role as the bad guys when in fact you are the heroes.
And so thank you all for speaking out because what's going on is not right.
And your point is well taken that this whole pandemic is manufactured
If we had done nothing, in terms of if we had done nothing special for treating COVID, we wouldn't have had anywhere close to the negative outcomes that were created here.
I mean, this is all a man-made disaster.
I mean, the virus was probably a little bit worse than the flu, as far as I could see.
But it's been magnified many times, maybe 100 times by, you know, maybe not 100 times, but at least 10 to maybe 30 times.
It's been magnified in terms of its impact by the inept public response and the silencing of doctors and people like you who are on this call that had we listened to
people like you who are on this call and other people who have been censored, the outcomes would have been dramatically different.

[SPEAKER_04]
It's driven by money, driven by money.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah.
I'm going to ask one audience question that I think anyone in the room can probably ask, but it's going to be directed.

[SPEAKER_16]
If nobody else wants to go, I'm waiting for somebody else to speak first, but nobody else yet?
Go ahead.
Something I want to follow up on what Gail said.
Remember, everybody on this call went into what they're doing as a vocation.
In some cases, this is what they wanted to do since they were little girls or little boys.
They wanted to be nurses because they wanted to help people.
This is not a profession in general that you go into, I could be an accountant, I could be a lawyer or I'll be a nurse.
It's something that comes from their heart.
So I think people should know that about our good nurses.
And we are insane to allow our nurses to be abused the way they've been abused, because they are our last line of defense for us personally and individually, but for the whole medical system.
I mean, I think it's obvious from Nicole, this medical system is a, I'm trying to think of a polite word, a bad situation.
train wreck.
It's a bad situation, right?
And I was going to say shit show, but I don't want to say something like that.
Train wreck is fine.
And they are literally our last line of defense because I'm going to say this.
I know we have some good doctors out there.
You know, they're paycheck, the guys that work in the hospitals.
Someone else referred to this early tonight.
They're getting paychecks.
They've got half a million dollars in student loans.
And they probably I hope this is not sexist.
They have expensive wives.
and they're not giving up those paychecks and they're gonna let, I hate to say this, they're gonna let their patients die.
If it's a choice between their career going down the tubes and taking care of their patients, I'm afraid these guys are gonna let the patients die.
We have a whole bunch of nurses here that aren't willing to do that.
The other thing I wanna say is,
This system is still in place.
They could fire it up tomorrow.
They could declare a new virus and run a whole another million people through it.
We haven't put a scratch in it yet, except for tonight.
We did it tonight.

[SPEAKER_04]
Disease X, that's the next one.

[SPEAKER_12]
disease X. I have to drop off, but don't let me end things.
I need to go.
But before I go, I just want to thank all of you profusely.
for coming on tonight and sharing your stories.
It is so important to get this out and to get these stories to as many people as possible.
So, so thank you all for being here this evening.
It's awesome.

[SPEAKER_15]
Thank you, Steve.
Thank you, Steve.
And I want to thank you all.
I think we've got a long, a long enough.
So thank you all for joining us tonight and sharing other comments.
Oh, absolutely.
Ken, I love to talk.
I got to run, but thank you so long.

[SPEAKER_16]
Right.
I think everybody's doing amazing work.
And when I first heard Ashley, her approach, this was months ago, I didn't quite get it.
You know, if you remember what Ashley was talking about.
And now, I mean, now as weeks and months have gone on, I really get it.
we've got to address all, we've got to address the moral injury of the hundreds.
Cause you know, I found out there's five million nurses in America.
That's one out of, that's more than one out of a hundred people.
I'm not talking about working people.
I'm talking about all people.
There's a lot of nurses out there and they have been mistreated for a long time and they have been, I don't know what the word would be.
Well, mistreated is a good sense.
And that's mistreating the patients as well.
when you mistreat the nurses.
And I feel the nurses were put in an untenable situation.
And not everybody's got the backbone or the previous life experience to stand up and say no.
We've got to reach these other nurses, those that can be reached.
And I think Ashley's got a really good pathway for doing that.
We can't say, you know, hang them all and, you know, they're all terrible.
It's just, what good does that do?
So I think actually,
I like what your approach.
I didn't understand it at first, because my attitude was, you know, how dare anybody go along with this?
But we have to understand, you know, and bring them into the fold.

[SPEAKER_08]
And I agree.
I mean, my grandfather was in Auschwitz.
Like, I want to put an end to this.
I'm sick of them bastardizing my profession.
I want to take it back, right?
So there are some people that there is no excuse for, but a lot of them are just so paralyzed by fear and they don't have the strength and the courage, like,
you know, whatever drove each of us to make the decisions we did, we have to give them the opportunity.
If they refuse those opportunities, that's on their conscience.
And some people do deserve to be punished, like point blank, but the vast majority of people are so scared and I'll defend the doctors because
I know that they are scared too and it's a lot different for them.
They're a lot more scrutinized than we are as nurses.
So we need to rise up.
You know, that song made me cry at the beginning.
We have to rise up.
We have to pay the way and lead out of this because we can't do this again.
We cannot do that to humanity.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, I love that song.
I picked that song because it just reminds me of all of us nurses.
That's, you know, we are, we are moving mountains and we will rise up and we will, we will succeed in this.
We're, we're powerful.
You know, all it takes is one powerful brave nurse and we can lead the rest.
So yeah, thank you.

[SPEAKER_15]
Well, thank you all again.
And, um, uh, I'm, I'm just an odd humbled.
by all of you and all the work that you do as a non-healthcare practitioner.

[SPEAKER_16]
I think Steve did something historic tonight by putting this together.
I was waiting for this for a long time.

[SPEAKER_04]
I can tell you I have a whole bunch more nurses.
We just couldn't get everybody in on one show as in we were planning on a two-hour show and we're going on almost four.
So I have a whole list of others.
So we're going to have part two, part three.
We're not alone.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, we're going to bring more on.
Well, thank you all again and have a great rest of your evening.
Angela hang in there for a few seconds while we wrap the show up.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thank you guys so much.

[SPEAKER_15]
Wow, that was epic beyond anything I could have even imagined it was gonna be like Angela, just you and Steve coming up with this idea and sharing all these people and their stories with everyone.
And one of our most viewed episodes yet.

[SPEAKER_04]
And our longest, I think we've had several hour shows with Dr. Malone and Bobby Kennedy, but yeah, this is by far our longest show that we've ever done.
I'm so grateful for all the time that was spent with getting to know all these nurses.
And I spoke to every single one of them individually and got to know them personally and their stories, the ones that I hadn't met before.
And I have a whole list of more that I've gotten to know that will be on future shows.
So it's just been a wonderful experience.
And I'm so honored to have met these new people in my life.
And I can't wait to see what we have in store.
all the stories of litigation, you know, we're doing our COVID litigation too and hearing stories that I didn't even know about of nurses litigating is just wonderful to me.
And yeah, so good things in 2024.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, very much so.
So we also heard about the misinformation is one of the big topics at Davos.
And I know Steve wrote about it in a sub-substack.
Before we close out though, I want to say if you all enjoyed the show tonight,
you can support us with a donation.
That would be wonderful with support for all the work that we're doing, and it does take a monumental effort from a very small team of people.
So, vaxsafety.org, I'm trying to find
a couple of other little links here.
So you can see, let me just banner this up here.
And if you go to vacsafety.org, backslash donate, we would be very grateful for your support so we can continue to do the work that we do and support all of the brave people doing all this incredible work that's happening out there under the mainstream radar.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yes, yes.
Thank you all so much.

[SPEAKER_15]
So, on Steve's sub-stack, he had an interview with a woman, and I'm gonna totally mispronounce her name, but I'll just go ahead and close with this video.
You may wanna watch this interview.
Steve writes about it in his sub-stack.
So, that's how we're gonna end tonight.
We'll see you next, oh, and next week, we have our Defeat the Mandates Anniversary Show.
It is, next week will be, what, three years?
Two years now.
since, uh, since DC in January of 2022.
And we will be bringing back the organizers, Matt Tune and Louisa Clary.
So tune in next week for that.

[SPEAKER_04]
Among other other guests on the show, but yes, we're so excited and we're so proud of moving those mountains by, you know, deciding to go on a whim and
plan, one of the largest marches with the most ferocious people.
Um, it's a big accomplishment that the small little team of us put together and we're not going to stop.
So we're really proud of creating that event and, and organizing it and we're going to celebrate it next week.
So come celebrate it with us.

[SPEAKER_15]
Absolutely.
Okay.
Have a great weekend, everyone.
We'll see you here next week and we'll finish off with this interview video with a, a member of the world economic forum.
Have a good night.

[SPEAKER_17]
Good night, everyone.
Sadia, thank you so much for joining us.
So you've just released a global risk report for 2024.
I have to say it doesn't look like a happy reading.
People are worried.
You did, shorter term, two years, what they worry about in 10 years.
What's the most surprising thing?

[SPEAKER_21]
So in the two year timeframe, miss and disinformation, number one risk.
So we put together the views of 1,500 experts, and that's what they're most worried about.
Very closely followed by extreme weather, societal polarization, inflation.
These are some of the topics that are top of mind.
But 10 years out, four top risks all about the environment, including for the first time crossing tipping points for the Earth's systems.
That's something that is top of mind.
And I think the predictions that that could happen in 10 years and how severe that could be deeply concerning.

[SPEAKER_17]
Disinformation, fake news is extremely worrying in an election year.
We have a large percentage of world GDP actually going to the polls this year.
How worried are you about the U.S. election?

[SPEAKER_21]
I mean, depending on how you count it, major economies with large populations, India, the US, are going into these elections.
And what we found is that at each country level, in addition to the global risk around mis and disinformation, it's usually ranked very high among the top five risks around the world, as is concerns about an economic downturn.
So what we're thinking is when these two things come together, the economic hardship being faced by many people and the rise of synthetic content
combined with going into an election year where people get to make decisions about who's going to be leading them, that together can be a very potent mix.
And in particular, if some of those views start spilling over into very different perceptions of reality when it comes to health, when it comes to what people are thinking about education, what people think about specific people, who then becomes the owner of the truth.

[SPEAKER_17]
Yeah.
And again, do you have a breakdown of actually this misinformation?
Is it state actors and Russia has been involved in the past in US elections?

[SPEAKER_21]
So we're seeing a concern that this could be become much more pervasive to some extent.
It's almost easier to track some of that state sponsored disinformation and misinformation.
But now at some point that starts spilling over and it becomes very difficult to track, especially without
tracking systems, watermarking systems and especially without the public being well educated about the risks of synthetic content and especially when that is fake news.

[SPEAKER_17]
Does that have a clear impact on the economy as I guess chief executives don't want to spend because they don't know what pans out in the next 12 months?

[SPEAKER_21]
So there's a lot of economic uncertainty.
We're seeing a risk of the lack of economic opportunity.
We're seeing inflation in the top 10.
We're seeing a lot of concerns around what exactly happens.
And that's because of two different situations.
One is, of course, there is continues to be uncertainty as to what the policy outlook will be.
Yes, we are starting to tend towards a softer landing, but at the same time, I think there are new pressures coming in, supply-side pressures that are coming in.
There's geopolitical risks out there, and that may change what happens over the course of the coming year.
And then there's a longer-term economic risk, and that has a lot more to do with the divergence between developed and developing economies, and that also has a lot to do with the divergence between high-income people and low-income people across all countries.
And that divergence
combined with the existing social polarization together can then create additional economic uncertainty.

[SPEAKER_17]
This is a very gloomy outlook for 2024.
Is it even more gloomy than what we had last year where we thought that higher interest rates could actually crush economies and companies.

[SPEAKER_21]
Last year we had two sets of extremes.
So we had people that were in a very negative camp, in a very positive camp, but over time those two extremes were converging and their outlook for the 10 years was much more positive.
This year it's deeply concerning.
We have about 60% of people that already believe that we're on the precipice of some form of catastrophic risk.
And that is going to increase even more in the 10-year time frame.
Sorry, from 30% to 60% when it comes to catastrophic risk over the next 10 years.
So that means that the outlook has shifted deeply towards a darker side over the next 10 years.

[SPEAKER_17]
I know a lot of people that read this report and saying it means I need to take more action.
Is there a real danger that because there's a difference between the shorter term risk, which is misinformation, the longer term risk, climate change, and the shifting of the world that they don't take the longer term actions?
I'm talking about chief executives and world leaders.

[SPEAKER_21]
Absolutely so this is the one of the greatest concerns coming out what is the space for action because we're looking at currently a very complex picture a lot of here and now crisis.
We're looking at some of those crisis becoming deeper over the next two years and then 10 years out we've got a completely different set of crisis for example something like the adverse impact of artificial intelligence.
A very low risk at the present time in the two-year timeframe, it's down the 26th spot.
It jumps up into the top 10 over the course of the 10 years.
Are we prepared enough about things like climate, about the adverse impact of new technologies over the 10-year timeframe?
Are we taking those actions now?
And I think that's something that the responders are very concerned about.

[SPEAKER_17]
And sorry, how much is it also fear of the unknown?
So actually, you don't know the outcome of elections.
You don't know exactly how much misinformation there is out there.
And you certainly don't know what AI ends up being.
Some of this is about that lack of

[SPEAKER_21]
certainty around what's coming up.
But I think it's also about that overall structural shift that's taking place.
So we know that earth systems are changing because of climate change.
We know that geopolitical structures are changing.
We know that the underlying forces of the economy are starting to change and societies are starting to become more fragmented.
and at the same time we know that technology is moving forward at a pace that is completely unprecedented and this year that's the background we used that everybody is now aware of some of these structural shifts that are taking place and in the midst of that to have additional shocks and to have decision-making structures which are maybe not quite ready to handle this level of change that together is what's creating this outlook.

[SPEAKER_17]
Any optimism for 2024?

[SPEAKER_21]
So I think there's always the flip side of this, right?
So can we convert some of the efforts that need to happen around addressing climate change?
Can those become a new source of green growth that ends up lifting living standards?
Can we convert some of these technologies, which yes, carry risk, but also carry massive opportunities for making education, health, and social services so much better than they have been in the past?
It's the flip side of all of this that I think can lead to a lot more positive.
It's really about how we choose to take actions today.

[SPEAKER_17]
What are you most looking forward to next week at the World Economic Forum?

[SPEAKER_21]
Well, we're going to be addressing a lot of what is happening here in terms of the global risks, and we'll be looking at what those solution spaces are, because there are solution spaces, right?
So exactly what creates some of those risks.
We can come together around it.
We can't create cooperation.
And one of the things we examined this year is what's the space for sort of a minimum viable cooperation?
How is it that we can start addressing some of these things?
Because some of the areas that are within these risks, actions can be taken by national actors, by individuals.
It doesn't necessarily require waiting for a very large scale cooperation to come together.
And I think that does need to happen because we need some breakthrough endeavors.
We need some solutions to be built between coalitions of the willing.
And that's what we'll be working towards in Davos.

[SPEAKER_17]
Sadia, thank you so much for your time today.

[SPEAKER_13]
Thank you.
