[SPEAKER_01]
Lock down all towns, everybody slow down, give them everything you have.
Mask up, backs up, get your body trashed up, better do what they ask.
It's alright, okay, sorry but you can't pray, gotta keep the church doors closed.
No superstitions, a saint politician will tell you what you need to know.
Citizen fools and brand new rules Make everyone a hero now So keep your distance, no resistance Only do what you're allowed Cash that check, go dance in the red But just don't speak your mind Get your facts from the paid contracts Cause never will they tell a lie They don't know me They don't own me

[SPEAKER_00]
God help us all look what we've become Oh God help us all and fix what we have done

[SPEAKER_01]
See no evil, bow to the needle, didn't we turn out great?
Sick is the new health, poor is the new wealth, truth is whatever they say.
Expert lectures, media protectors, tell me who to love and hate.
Jail in the network, hail to the Zuckerberg, head down, just behave.
Liberty, freedom, angels, demons Someone's in control Well, no way, no how I wouldn't say it too loud Don't you know they're on patrol Need more likes, post up, let's fight There's no way that you're wrong Gotta listen to the science Cause it's all about compliance You agree or you're gone But they don't know me And they don't own me

[SPEAKER_00]
God help us all, look what we've become.
Oh God help us all and fix what we have done.

[SPEAKER_01]
Tell me what I need to buy Sex consumption, no corruption, just as advertised You've been labeled and I've enabled, better apologize Propaganda, racist slander, time to organize Shot, bang, who's next?
Brain dead, useless, show it on the TV screen
Tell me who to vote for Gotta start a new war Wouldn't wanna live in peace Divide and conquer Weak not stronger Everybody know your place Do it now won't hurt Dig into your own dirt Virtue found its grave They don't know me They don't own me Oh God help us all

[SPEAKER_00]
Look what we've become Oh God help us all And fix what we have done Inside balance, in for silence Mainstream message, won't you guide us You know what is best for our own good

[SPEAKER_01]
Anti this and anti that Cancel this and cancel that Take it to the streets and the neighborhoods Worship actors, food and drugs Brand yourself, give them your blood Don't believe your eyes, don't look around Fake news, rumors, okay boomer Ignorance will stain our future Will you make it through or burn it down?

[SPEAKER_00]
Oh God, oh God, help us all Oh God, help us all Oh God, oh God, help us all Oh God, help us all Oh God, oh God, help us all Oh God, help us all

[SPEAKER_06]
This week on VSRF Live, Steve Kirsch is joined by board certified radiologist Dr. Philip Triantos and Jamie Blattman, the bereaved mother of deceased 25 year old Hunter Blattman.

[SPEAKER_09]
In 2020, Harvard did a study on HMO, on one HMO, it's called the Lazarus study.
In the Lazarus
of people with adverse events.
They didn't use the reporting system.
This bar system is awful.
You got to call in, excuse me, you got to go to a computer, you have a patient, put all this information.
It's very labor-some.
If you go over a certain amount of time, it will shut down.
You got to start over.
So basically, it may not turn any information in.
Well, the Lazarus study said that there's actually one out of every 39 people have an adverse event, one.
See, the EC says, no, no, no, it's one in a million.
So what they did was, after finding that this number was one in 39, they went back to the bar system.
And they got, they scrapped that system.
So what they did determine in that study was that less than 1% of the actual adverse events is detected.
Okay, that's the big key.
Less than 1% of these forest injuries that we see today are detected.
So you have these biostatisticians and these people that work their butts off, all that, brilliant guys.
They go from like 30 to 40, they use this, called the under-reporting factor.
So I like to use Steve Kersh's, he has an unreported factor of 41, can disorder in the middle, meaning that if you have 20,000 people with myocarditis or pericarditis, you gotta multiply that by 41, and that's the actual number.
We have 20,000 plus deaths, well 10,000 plus in this country, but all around, 20,000 plus deaths, you gotta multiply it by 41.
So 41 times 20, 800,000 have been killed from a shot.

[SPEAKER_06]
That was Dr. Philip Triantos, who will be joining us live tonight, along with Jamie Blattman.
Tonight is a very... First, let me say hello and welcome.
I'm Livio Sanchez.
Tonight we have a very special VSRF Live for you.
It's going to be a very informative show, but we also must warn you it is a very difficult and heartbreaking topic for all of us.
Before we begin, we need to say tonight that it is also a very important night for us in our ongoing fundraising activities here at VSRF.
I'm going to flash a card up here shortly.
So before we begin, please support VSRF today.
VSRF Live depends solely on public donations to bring you this weekly show and needs your financial support.
Even better, please consider donating to VSRF on a monthly basis.
Your contributions are tax deductible and vital to sustain our efforts each week.
We cannot do what we do without your help.
So for those willing to contribute, you can make a direct donation by simply texting VSRF to 53-555.
Our goal for tonight and each show down the road is $5,000.
And please remember, no donation is too small.
And together we can preserve health freedom for generations to come.
Thank you for your support.
And now back to our show.
And I want to introduce without any further ado, nurse Angela.
Hello, Angela.
How are you?
And welcome to VSRF live.

[SPEAKER_10]
It's so great to see you, Olivia.
Welcome, everyone.
So good.
I love Thursdays.
I love to see everybody and see all the comments and I really miss everybody during the week.
So it's great to be here.
And it's been kind of a crazy couple of weeks for us.
We've been
I've been on the road.
We were in Vegas for the COVID litigation conference, re-platform, the screening of Mickey Willis' pandemic, the musical.

[SPEAKER_06]
How great is that?
It was so fun.

[SPEAKER_10]
I cannot wait for people to be able to see it.
It was such
It was such a great, great, you know, musical.
We all just wanted to get up and dance and it was uplifting and it's a love story, but it has so much of what we've all been through during this pandemic in it.
So that was really fun, really exciting.
And then we got home and then I took off and went to Washington, DC for the Missouri v Biden rally.
And I helped the team, um,
do that rally outside of the Supreme Court.
So I just got home at three o'clock in the morning yesterday.
So I'm so happy to be here and great to have these amazing guests who I've been speaking with for the last few weeks.
And so yeah, I'm very happy to be here.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, you were in DC.
I'm going to play a bit of
Del Bigtree speech at the end of the show.
And I wish I could have been there.
I watched a lot of it during the stream and it was really great to see all those people speaking.
Angela, is your microphone, your new mic turned in?
Is it plugged in?
Do we have that setting?
I know it sounds like it's still coming from your computer, but in your audio settings, if it's set up, that would be good because I know you got a new mic and I want to.
Let's see.

[SPEAKER_10]
Can you hear it?
Is that better?

[SPEAKER_06]
That's better.

[SPEAKER_10]
Okay.
Let me just get closer to it.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, so now we're working with the good microphone.
Thanks for doing that.
I wanted to comment on something that I think we both have been noticing in the media again recently, like the topic is young athletes, young people still suffering and dropping on fields or having heart attacks.
Do you remember this happening before
COVID and before the jabs, what was it like to see young people dropping like, especially fit young people?

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.
Well, prior to the vaccine rollout, we didn't see this at all.
I mean, yes, people can have myocarditis and heart attacks.
It was just so incredibly rare.
In fact, many practitioners didn't even really know what myocarditis was unless you were obviously in the ER, ICU, cardiology.
In my 17 years as running the pediatric board and being part of the trauma team, we didn't see this.
And I'm in the Bay Area, San Francisco, where we have lots of professional baseball, football, basketball teams.
So it was completely unusual.
The very sad and unfortunate thing is in my small little town, we've lost three children.
to myocarditis post-vaccine.
We've lost a seven-year-old and 11-year-old and a 15-year-old, and it's on their death certificates.
And so it's just really tragic.
And then, you know, once the vaccines rolled out, we were seeing this quite frequently.

[SPEAKER_03]
And what's more alarming now is that

[SPEAKER_10]
I was hoping that we would, you know, we saw that initial wave of a lot of people collapsing and dropping dead.
And I was really hopeful that this far out, we still wouldn't be seeing it.
And being that the uptake of the booster shot is so low, you know, I don't know the exact number.
We hear 2%, we hear 10%.
The majority of the people that I'm hearing that are taking the booster are elderly.
I don't see too many young people running out to get their boosters.
And what's terrifying to me is,
is seeing people two, three years out dropping dead.
And it's just horrific.
And we'll get to talk to Jamie about her son Hunter shortly.
But this terrifies me because I remember a year after people were injured, hearing from our doctors in our movement saying, we think you're going to be okay.
You've made it this far.
And we think that the likelihood of
these sudden deaths is not gonna happen.
The majority of the injuries have already happened with the vaccine and now you're gonna be okay.
I don't feel that I truly believe that is with what we're seeing.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, I played sports all my life and usually saw injuries like broken bones or torn ligaments, but the reactions you see of the players, the teammates of the people that drop on the field, I had never seen those reactions or people dropping like that from heart attacks on such a regular basis.
And then what you're talking about with
you know, that we would be safe over time.
I remember talking to Dr. Ryan Cole, and he was saying, yeah, if you're a year out, you should be safe.
But I don't know that I try and, you know, we should actually bring on our guests, because we can learn a little bit more about that from Jamie Blattman's experience and Dr. Philip Tranto.
So let me bring them on to the show.
Welcome to VSR Live, Jamie and Dr. Philip Triantos.
How are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_02]
Thank you for having us.

[SPEAKER_09]
Good, thank you for having us.
I'd like to say that that video clip y'all showed at the beginning was over two years ago.
And so the numbers have skyrocketed.
As you know, the latest figures, over 17 million worldwide have actually died from the vaccine.
And that was early.
I mean, it was just February of 21, I believe, when that speech was given.
So you can imagine things have really taken off.

[SPEAKER_06]
Wow, I can only imagine.
I want to hear more about that, but let me get your bios going before we get into the conversation.
You are a successful radiologist in Birmingham, Alabama in 2021.
You went beyond your traditional scope of practice in radiology and bravely began treating patients for COVID using the FLCCC protocol.
You were motivated by the loss of
your mother to COVID due to lack of treatment by the hospital protocols, as well as your own close call with the virus.
Despite saving countless lives, Dr. Triantos is now witnessing significant increases in cases of deep vein thrombosis, pulmonary emboli, cancers, and women's OB-GYN pathologies among young adults.
You question the potential role of the novel injectables and the emergence of these shocking new maladies among otherwise healthy young people.
And I'm going to jump into Jamie Bladman.
hunters mom uh... you are grieving mother jamie who tragically lost your beloved son hunter he was only twenty five years old when he passed away suddenly last year due to pulmonary embolism i'm having a hard time even just saying in reading through this due to mem pulmonary embolism and massive clotting honk hunter was a happy healthy happy avid outdoorsman and fly fishing guide in idaho
He took the Johnson & Johnson vaccine in 2021 to be able to continue to work.
Jamie has now made it her mission to spread awareness about the dangers of these injectables and we are grateful that you are with us tonight to share Hunter's story.
Please join me in welcoming Jamie and Dr. Triantos and also extending our deepest condolences for the tragic loss of her dear son.
Welcome.
Wow, that was really hard to read.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_02]
It's so hard to read.
Yeah, it's hard.
It's heartbreaking.
Hunter was just like any other child out there.
It took him a bit to find his groove in life.
He ended up moving out west in 2019, became a fly fishing guide, avid outdoorsman, a beautiful photographer.
And
The pandemic hit and just like my other two children took the vaccine so they could go to college, he took it so he could work.
And he didn't want to, but he did it.
And things were kind of just smooth sailing.
And then in May of 2023, I would go out and visit him
several times a year.
We both are photographers and would spend time in the beautiful Teton and Yellowstone photographing.
And that week was a beautiful week.
One afternoon we did a seven hour float trip down the Henry's Fork and we went hiking and I couldn't, I didn't see anything.
I didn't notice anything.
Later one evening he says to me in the kitchen,
just don't seem to be able to get a deep breath.
I just can't get a deep breath.
And I said, do you think it's allergies?
Do I need to crack your back?
Like, you know, what do you think it is?
And we didn't really say much.
He wasn't a complainer.
And then I left on May 8th to come back home to Alabama when he was taking me to the airport.
got gas, got back in the car and kept rotating his left arm saying, it's really bugging me.
I happened to have baby aspirin in my purse, gave him two baby aspirin and just said, you know, we got to figure out what's going on.
When I get home about 10 o'clock that night and I get a phone call from him
that he's mad that he's going to have to go to the ER because he was opening some boxes and he was so winded that he just, he couldn't sit down.

[SPEAKER_10]
I'm not sure if he wasn't having a baby heart attack.
Philip can speak to that maybe in a minute, but um,

[SPEAKER_02]
He ended up going to the ER in his town, which is probably a little 20-bed hospital.
When they saw his heart enzymes and his D-dimer and that he had blood clots all in his lungs, behind his knee, in his thigh, they transported him by ambulance to a regional hospital.
I ended up getting on a plane and flying out there.
They had already taken him to surgery when I got there.
And the whole vibe was so weird when I walked into that hospital.
It was like they were hiding from us.
I couldn't get an answer.
The nurse wouldn't give me an update.
So we're talking
11 o'clock, 12 o'clock, one o'clock, two o'clock.
And finally I go to the nurse's station and just say, I need an update.
And then we start hearing code blues.
I end up acting like Shirley MacLaine and having an absolute come apart at the nurse's desk.
And then finally ahead of
the floor comes and says that he has arrested and that they are working on him.
And they come back 30 minutes later and they do let us know that he did pass away.
And just having to go and look at your child, you know, who just went in for a procedure,
and they're gone.
So during all of this period, I have dug so deeply into his charts, his files, his surgeon in Idaho Falls, I probably call every two months when I find out something new.
He did confirm
that when they went in to go and remove the clot, that it was initially, I was told that it was hard, it was old, and it broke away.
I did ask, was it white, fibrous?
And he said yes.
So then I call him back.
The more I'm digging, the more I learn.
And he did say to him, this is a hundred percent vaccine, but you will never get confirmation.
Like nobody is going to tell you.
this.
So I get up, I get all of his files, medical records, and I am digging, I'm sending them to doctors in different states, I'm getting them reviewed, looked at.
Philip read his scans for me.
And he was covered.
He was covered.
And he was so compromised that even if he had lived,
He would have had to have a lung transplant.
He would never have been able to guide.
He never would have been able to duck hunt and do all of the things that he loved to do.
I was reviewing his medical records the other day and
just because I want to know everything I want to know up to the last breath but when they went in with the when they went in with the why have I gone blank on the name the catheter the catheter to go aspirate
one of the larger clots, it wouldn't even penetrate it.
It wouldn't do anything.
In fact, it clogged it, and then they had to remove it.
He ended up arresting shortly later on the table.
But his death certificate says heart attack, and then the third one is pulmonary embolism, even though he was covered in them.
The more I dig, the thing that is so scary is I think so many parents think my child got the vaccine, nothing has happened to them and they're fine.
But these don't just show up.
These don't just appear three weeks.
These, I believe that these have been growing in him for maybe 12 to 18 months.
the one behind his leg, there was no pain, there was no swelling, there was no anything.
That just shows me that the blood is getting used to getting through that vein in a small avenue until it's blocked and it finds a different route.
But there's nothing like what we used to hear about a blood clot.
in a leg, you know, you would have a swelling in the lungs.
Why was he able to go out and do seven, eight hour float trips?
Like these guys are working rowing, you know, all day on hard water.
And it's just astonishing.
It's astonishing what
has happened.
And it's not just my child.
It's your child.
It's anybody's child.
And, and there are two other boys in my community that both have passed away and they have been told natural causes.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.
The thing that really strikes me, Jamie, is that, you know, when you went back, cause initially you weren't thinking,
vaccine injury.
But when you went back after you've done all this research, that surgeon that worked so hard, I remember you telling me that he was, he came out and he was just drenched.
And I'm sure, you know, as a surgeon, it's probably his worst nightmare.
He'll never ever forget that working so hard to try and save your boy.
But you went back to him because you've had this, you know, relationship with him and you asked him about, you know, what that clot looked like.
And he was honest with you.

[SPEAKER_02]
He did, he said it was white and fibrous.
And I know he probably dreads, oh, Ms. Blotman's called again, because I learned something new and I call him and I have a notebook that I have written everything down about Hunter, about what was going on.
And I said to him, when you took him to surgery, did you ever think, dear Lord, I hope this boy makes it?
and he said no.
When I was looking through his medical records, that whole night in the hospital before surgery, his oxygen levels were fine, his heart rate was fine, his blood pressure was fine, but he was so sick, like he was so incredibly sick.

[SPEAKER_10]
You know, Olivia, can we just show a quick little picture?
I know we have some photos, but it's
Nice to see, just put a face to it.

[SPEAKER_09]
Let me enter and check real quick.
You know, I know y'all are familiar with Richard Hirschman and all the work, great work he's done with the post-mortem examinations in the white fibers clot.
Well, you know, we, the naysayers were saying that that only occurred post-mortemly, right?
Now we have
Hunter who actually was anymore.
I mean he this was he was still alive and it was a white fiber squat So I mean that does occur and it's not something that happens just post-mortem Lee and that's you know That's that's what we're seeing and that's what she's talking about how he was able to do so much He just took such a long time to get to that point to where it completely shut off his blood supply to his lungs We're gonna show that Yeah, let me get those up and then we'll come back to the to the photos

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, I remember the first case a friend of mine passed away after the J&J and it was a year later.

[SPEAKER_09]
So what we're looking at here is actually is called a pulmonary angiogram or CTA.

[SPEAKER_02]
And this is not Hunter.

[SPEAKER_09]
This is not Hunter's case, but it's very... Yeah, let's clarify that.
This is actually a case that I just had two days ago.
So the thing is we've always seen them, but the numbers have gone crazy, skyrocketed.
And this case is almost identical to Hunter's.
The viewing audience, if you look at the, can you slow that down a little bit, Livia?
The slide right there.
If you look at the white, the big white spots, that's where the contrast is.
That's where normal blood is flowing.
If you look at the yellow arrow to the right, it looks brown or kind of grayish.
That's the blood clot.
So as you can imagine, it's completely occluding that artery.
So now he can't profuse his lungs.
And if you scroll through real slow, you'll see a ton of this gray or brown looking stuff, which is clot.
You can go ahead and scroll, Livia.
There you go, okay.
All right, let's back that up a little, about right there.
Or you can go back, forward a little bit.
And you can see just more of the brown stuff.
So wherever you see the white, that's the normal blood flow.
The brown stuff is where the blood clot is.
And he's actually got what's called,
If you can go to the next picture, or the next set of images submitted.
Okay, this one right here will actually show, hold it right there.
Okay, where the big bright white stuff is, that's the pulmonary trunk.
That's where the normal blood is flowing.
If you look where the yellow area is, it's sitting right in the middle of a brown or gray thing, and that's crossing what we call a saddle embolus.
like a saddle on a horse.
And that's an extensive clot burden.
If you scroll through that, you can actually see how much clot burden is in these arteries.
So just imagine that white blood is supposed to be getting to your lungs to get more oxygen and come back.
It can't go anywhere.
So this is what we're seeing, and it's becoming more frequent.
It's always been around, but the frequency's gone out the roof.
So if you can scroll through that real quick, you can see the extent of the clot burden throughout the arteries there.
All that brown stuff to the right and left is clot within the arteries.
You can't get to the lungs.
And that's essentially what Hunter's CT scan looked like.

[SPEAKER_02]
And these white fibrous tumor blood clots have like little tendrils or tentacles or
whatever you want to call them.
And so when they're trying to pull these things out, I think they're being left behind some.
I think they're probably ripping arteries.
I mean, I'm no medical person by any means, but it only makes sense.
It only makes sense of trying to get them out.
They are causing destruction.
besides the size of him and just the parts of Hunter's lungs were already dying that he didn't even know about.
And he never would have been okay.

[SPEAKER_10]
Someone in the chat missed how old he was.
Twenty-five.
Twenty-three when he got the vaccine.
Do we have any screenshots, Livio, of just his sweet little face?

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, I do actually.
This is Hunter as a young boy.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, his father is from Switzerland, so he has American citizenship, Swiss citizenship, and he was born in Canada, and he was also Canadian.
So sweet.

[SPEAKER_06]
And this is him later in life doing what he loved to do most.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yep, I would always call him my bearded Amish cowboy.
But he was out on the river every day since.
2018, 2019, you know, living his best life.
We had some people in our community that would say, so when's he going to come home and get a real job?
And we're like, well, in our world, that is a real job.
And we love that he is living.
That is us in Yellowstone photographing.
And he had a beautiful, beautiful artistic eye.
And
And, you know, he was just a great kid.
And I think he was just like so many of everybody else's children.
And, and I'm speaking out because we get, I think we're getting so numb.
We hear a 20 year old passed out on the football field and died in Pinson and
you're just like, oh, that's sad, that's sad.
And it's just a boy living his best life, happy, outdoors, fishing every day.

[SPEAKER_06]
And just to reiterate, before he had no other comorbidities, he was just a healthy young man.

[SPEAKER_02]
He did break his arm in February, but I've talked to that surgeon
hundred times he was I even gave him all of his medical records, but he had a great surgery and He was up and doing physical therapy three to four times a week.
I was shocked I had a knee replacement and I think I got physical therapy twice a week and

[SPEAKER_10]
It's not the arms that usually you have to worry about.
It's more the femur that you'd have to worry about.
It's usually shortly after the break or the surgery.
So it's not years later that a broken arm years later wouldn't cause this sort of a reaction in his body leading to pulmonary cardiac arrest.
Um, it's just, it's, it's heartbreaking.
And what you said about it, we're just so numb to it.
It's like, I was talking to Steve the other day, because I sent him a report of an 11 year old in our town.
I was able to get the autopsy report and he was at a field trip with school and he, he collapsed and died due to myocarditis and 11 years old.
And it didn't even make the news.
I mean, if you have a kid that drowns or a kid that gets hit by a car,
makes the first page of the news, but you see these like sudden deaths or these, you know, these clots or, you know, cardiac arrest.
And it's like, it's just, we're so numb to it because it's happening so frequently.

[SPEAKER_02]
I'm in a group on Facebook of parents that have lost children and another one had lost adult children and I've posted in there, reach out to me if you have this kind of experience.
And I have had so many people from across the United States reach out to me about their child, and they're being told natural causes.
It was just no 15-year-old dies, you know, with no health issues, just from natural causes.
One mom in Texas, her daughter had the flu, 21 years old, felt terrible, and then started feeling better.
She ended up going,
sick, she was vomiting and then they decided to go to the hospital.
They go, she is dead in less than 20 hours.
Every organ was shutting down and she was throwing clots all in her stomach and her lungs.

[SPEAKER_10]
How did you know to reach out to Dr. Triantos?
How did you guys meet each other?

[SPEAKER_02]
So we went to high school together and I was in the same grade as his sister.
And then I think I reached out to you probably in 2021 because I was vaccine injured.
I
was being told I had rheumatoid arthritis.
I was having such horrific arthritis and joint pain, it was hard for me to walk across a room.
And I watched some of his videos and hadn't seen or chatted in years and reached out to him of like, I think I need your help.
And then I am so lucky that I'm in a community of doctors that
are open-minded and aren't being told what to do, that Dr. Jordan Vaughan has seen me and Philip has given me tons of support and advice, but he also was able and willing to read to me all of Hunter's scans.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.
And Dr. Trantos, is it like eight facilities that you work at right now?
I don't even understand how you haven't been.
I guess because you're in Alabama, but I don't even know how you have eight different

[SPEAKER_09]
practices where you have privileges, where you actually work and- Well, I no longer work in a hospital.
So I work for some national companies.
And so that's how I read all these studies.
I mean, I have maybe 18 or 20 state licenses.
So I've read all over the country for three different companies.
So I see so the volume of cases, they're incredible.
So I'm seeing a ton of the pathology.
But I do, when the whole pandemic hit, and I started treating patients, I was just doing it on my own, and I needed to be affiliated with something.
And anyway, that's when Jordan Vaughan offered me an opportunity to come work with them, because it was all new to us.
And we were learning at the same time.
We were learning the same information.
We were helping each other.
And how I really got involved with it, my personal physician, Dr. Joe Sheppard, who's in our same group, he treated me early with ivermectin.
And so I kind of
knew there was a treatment alternative besides waiting for these vaccines to be produced and that's how I got thrown into the mix and I saw patients at the clinic here with Jordan and the rest of those guys and it just took off from there and I really you know spent most of my time treating patients and it was the most rewarding thing I've ever done.
I mean the financially
There was nothing there, but to see people get better, and my oldest patient was 103 years old, and nobody died.
It was like, something's amiss here.
What are we doing?
Why are we waiting?
Why aren't we treating?
And then, of course, like you said, I watched my mother suffocate and die in this before I started treating.

[SPEAKER_02]
My rheumatologist, even after being injured and going through all these
terrible arthritic injuries and burning of the feet and exhaustion where if I would go photograph a soccer game, I would have to go rest for three hours.
She kept trying to encourage me to keep getting vaccines and boosters.
And I said, you are insane.
I will never.

[SPEAKER_10]
Unbelievable.
What are you seeing, Dr. Triantos?
What's different from...

[SPEAKER_09]
It's really probably not much different.
It's the volume of what we're seeing.
Before the vaccines, let's say, for instance, I'm reading 20 gynecological cases, all for sounds.
I may see one miscarriage, one spontaneous abortion, or the history may be post-menopausal bleeding.
Now, a lot of my histories are antipartum bleeding or bleeding during pregnancy, check for pregnancy, and so the volume has just gone crazy, and they're almost all positive.
And then I'm seeing tons of blood clots, tons of blood clots.
And of course, remember, I'm reading for a lot of places, but the blood clots, some of them look like they could be fibrous clots, but I don't know that because I'm not done pathology work on them.
And then of course, I'm seeing cancers.
Can I give a quick example?
I was sitting outside in my chair in my front yard and this gentleman was walking down the street and he's really never, we've never really spoken.
He's one of my neighbors.
And he says, you have your sunscreen on.
And I said, no, I'm just out here to get a little vitamin D for about 15 minutes.
He goes, well, I've got melanoma.
And I said, I'm sorry to hear that.
And we started carrying a conversation.
And I said, well, he goes, well, I had it 30 something years ago.
It's over 30 years.
I don't know the exact number.
He goes, it's a long time ago.
And I said, well, can I ask?
And it's back now.
And it's in his lymph nodes.
It was a stage one at the time.
And I said, well, can I ask you a personal question?
He said, sure.
I go, were you vaccinated?
Oh yeah, I've had all my vaccines and I've had my boosters.
Then I said, next question was, was the melanoma before or after the vaccines?
about a year after the vaccines.
And then I finally said, sir, that's exactly what we're studying.
And he happens to be a physician at the ivory tower down the street, a retired physician.
And it was a very, that's what we need, dialogue between these two sides.
It was a very polite
He listened to me, he understood, and he was gonna ask his oncologist, and he even said, what's weird is my oncologist saying they're seeing a lot more cancers.
I spoke to one of our local oncologists today, more cancer.
So the cancer rate is coming up, and they're seeing it, and we treat patients from the university down the street.
We treat some of the physicians from down the street, that they're scared to talk.
And so it's, you know, so that's where I'm, it's really not really anything any,
anything that I've never seen before, it's just the number, the sheer volume of cases.
Or maybe I should say it is younger patients, a lot younger patients, like brain stroke.
I had a 19 or 20 year old with a brain stem bleed the other day.
I mean, typically I don't see that.
You know, so those kinds of things are just happening so more frequently.
I just want to scream.
I mean, it's just so sad that I know what's going on.
And sometimes I'll read a CAT scan from the urgent care facility or wherever I'm reading from.
And they'll say, he's got all these GI symptoms, but we don't know what it is.
And I say, do me a favor.
Was the guy vaccinated?
We don't know.
Go ask them.
They'll come back and say, oh, yeah, he's had his vaccines.
I said, well, that's very common.
I mean, it attacks your GI system.
And I start to educate these clinicians up front that this is a vaccine.
And believe it or not, I'm getting more and more positive feedback saying, we know, we feel that way.
Before, I would never get that response.
So that's my way of helping out is when I see a positive case and I'll say,
this is unusual for this age group.
Would you go ask him if they've been vaccinated?
And then most of the time they'll go ask them and give me the information.
And it's like, that's it.

[SPEAKER_06]
So do you see any that are unvaccinated in this demographic?

[SPEAKER_09]
You know, I'm sure I do, but the volumes, you know, are so high that I started to write down all the numbers that I was seeing and I was going to present it to Steve tonight.
But it just got so busy that I just I just quit writing them down.
So I would say that the most of the pathologies that I'm seeing now are probably vaccine related and probably a lot of that has to do with the number of people that are vaccinated.
I mean, there's, you know, more people that are vaccinated that are not vaccinated.
So yeah, absolutely.
Just I still see pathology from non non vaccinated people.
But the majority of it is vaccinated injury or vaccinated related in my opinion.

[SPEAKER_06]
By the way, Steve is going to join us in a few minutes.
His flight was delayed, which is why he's not here yet, but he will be joining us.
I just got confirmation he should be within a few minutes.
He'll be joining us.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.
I think that to me is the most shocking because as medical providers, we do see heart attacks, we do see blood clots.
It's the volume and it's the age.
And what I am tired of hearing is that we've lost so many people because during the lockdowns, people weren't being screened and they weren't getting diagnostics.
But when you're a young child up to the age of 44,
that you don't have screening anyway.
You're not being screened for cancers.
You're not having colonoscopies.
You're not having cardiac workups.
So it's just not true.
And there's been so many articles and so much proof of the mechanisms for these cancers.
The spike protein interferes with the P53 proteins, and those are what suppress cancer cells from going.
We know that it also
interferes with BRCA1, so we're seeing a lot more breast cancers.
There was a Korean study that showed the involvement of lung cancers and why lung cancers were on the rise.
you know, with what Kevin McKernan has done and shown that it's integrated into our DNA and is causing problem, you know, cancer causing problems.
It's just, it's, it's really shocking that our, our government has not stepped in and done something about this.
I mean, it's really, really mind boggling to me that we're still fighting this years out.
And, and you're so fortunate Dr. Triantos to, to be able to do what you do in Alabama, because if you were in California,
you'd be losing your license at this point.

[SPEAKER_09]
I know, and that's still not another question.
I mean, it was a risk, but it was worth it.
You know what I mean?
It's just, I mean, what am I gonna do?
Sit over here and not treat or treat and take that risk?
I mean, to me, it was a no brainer.
It was like, and that's another thing, Jordan and I were on a text message group with other physicians that are in these hospitals, okay, to include the university down the street.
And they would be telling us,
covertly what they were seeing early in the pandemic.
We're talking about young kids losing their extremities, the number of people that were having AFib and having to be ablated, strokes, Gileon beret.
I mean, just the list went on, they were talking about it and they knew what was going on, but nobody would say anything.
You know, it was just like, y'all got to speak up too, but I understand where they're coming from because they have a noose around their neck.
But at this point, four years later,
There's no excuse for any physician.
I cannot excuse any of them.
For the first year, yes, maybe six months.
I mean, I was on that fence of whether I was to inject my children and myself.
But now, there's over what?
thousand articles, journal articles.
I mean, the evidence is overwhelming.
Now, we still are getting bombarded by these fake articles, you know, that still the shot helps you not get blood clots.
How insane is that?
But it just goes on and on.
And I don't know if I'd like to tell a quick little story about my physician and about the number of people.
And he's from a town.
Go ahead.
I'm sorry.

[SPEAKER_10]
Let's bring Steve on because I know he would love to hear this story.

[SPEAKER_09]
Steve would like to hear it.
Hey Steve.

[SPEAKER_10]
He's here.
I wore this apron just in case you couldn't make it because it's you on the front.

[SPEAKER_09]
I mean, Steve, I've been waiting for this day for a long time.
I'm glad you showed up.

[SPEAKER_02]
Thanks for having us.

[SPEAKER_09]
But anyway, let me tell you, I really wanted to save this story for Steve because it's pretty fascinating.
My personal physician, he's actually sitting next to me, he grew up in a small town in Florida.
and had five of his childhood friends that grew up on the same street.
Three of them ended up being physicians.
He's one of them.
And then three of them ended up getting vaccinated.
Two did not get vaccinated.
The two that did not get vaccinated, one of them sitting right next to me and he's my physician and he's fine.
The other one is another physician that lives in Georgia and is fine.
The other one that did get, the one that got vaccinated, the first one had a stroke.
The second one just so happened, this is a small world, we graduated medical school together from UAB in 1990.
He ends up being a neurosurgeon.
Okay.
Gets his vaccination, his vaccination, boosted, boosted, has a massive heart attack with no calcified plaque.
All fresh thrombus.
All three of his main coronary arteries are occluded.
Long story short, he recovers well enough and gets extubated, calls his friend that had the stroke and said, I know why you had a stroke.
It's got to be these shots.
the neurosurgeon ends up passing away, he dies.
The third friend that got vaccinated is a long-term care, neurological nursing facility because of major strokes.
And so the three people, that's 100%, have been injured from that vaccine, 100%.
The only two that didn't get vaccine, one's sitting here, the other one's in Georgia.
Those are some odds for you, that's awful.

[SPEAKER_02]
You know, as many times as I've called the surgeon of Hunter's and asked him so many things, there are so many things that he hadn't known about.
And I had asked him, did he know about Jordan Vaughan?
And has he listened to any of the micro blood clotting and all of these things?
Never even heard of it.
I just bombarded him with videos.
I was like, you need to watch Tide Suddenly.
And I'm just feeding him this information.
And I know he thinks I'm a little crazy, but I don't care.

[SPEAKER_10]
Okay.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, I think we're all crazy.
This is fine with me.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.
They do.

[SPEAKER_10]
We're all going to be on the right side of history.
So when we see the video at the end of this of Del Vittri speaking, he'll speak to that.
All the things that they said that we
we had wrong, which we were actually right.
All of our conspiracies are actually the truth.

[SPEAKER_09]
We just had a spike in COVID here in Alabama.
I don't know how it's been for you guys, but I treated about maybe 15 patients in the last three or four weeks, including myself.
I got sick.
I have two young kids that are here and they both had COVID.
So we all got over it, but one of my patients, she goes to her primary care doctor
And this is before she got COVID, the acute COVID recently, and he diagnosed her with long COVID.
And this is a general internist, right, in a primary care group here in Birmingham.
He goes, yes, you have been diagnosed with long COVID.
They told us that there really is a thing called long COVID.
He goes, but they haven't told us how to treat it.
Okay, this is an internist.
And then he goes, before she gets out of the room, he goes, do you want your other booster?
That was the last thing he said, do you want your booster?
And she turned around and said, no, thank you, and walked out the door.
That's where we are still to this day.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.
Well, we know that the people with long COVID, when they get the booster, they really go downhill.
I can't tell you how many people in our groups.
All over social media that have had long COVID, they go get a booster.
We had actually somebody who, who got their booster and ended up ending her life because she was starting to recover from long COVID and then took the booster and it did so much damage and was so hard for her that she, she couldn't bear to live anymore.
So anyway, welcome Steve.
It's so good to see you.
I'm glad that you landed and your.
safe and healthy with all these flights going on and with the whistleblower, you know, suddenly committing suicide.
It's like, I, I worry about us flying all over the place.

[SPEAKER_06]
Stay away from United airlines.

[SPEAKER_10]
United and Delta.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.
Oh, we can't hear you, Steve.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, you're, you're, you're like, he's not muted.
Something's going on with, uh, with his mic.
So while he gets that sorted out, um,

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.
It's kind of scary being a whistleblower these days because with, yeah.

[SPEAKER_06]
We still can't hear you, Steve, if you can hear us.
Okay.
Well, I'm sure you'll sort that out shortly.
Yeah.
The whistleblowers are just, they're just, they don't want people talking about what we're talking about here.

[SPEAKER_10]
If there's safety issues, you know, the flights had safety issues and the whistleblower spoke out against it and he ended up dead and he,
you know, clearly didn't commit suicide like they said he did.
So.

[SPEAKER_08]
Oh, you're back.
Oh, there he is.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, sorry.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, I've got this EVO for, um, uh, audio interface and it's some, it flakes out.
You have to reset it occasionally.
And so I had started VMAX before I started, um, the EVO for, and so anyway, everything's everything's good.

[SPEAKER_06]
You saw watching the show.
I know you were watching from the car on the way home.

[SPEAKER_08]
Right.
Right.
Right.
Yeah.
So I have a bunch of questions.
Um, so for Dr. Triantos, can you quantify
the increase in events, you know, is it 2X, is it 3X, is it 4X, is it 10X in terms of young people having incidents that are extraordinary?

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, I don't want to give you a fictitious number, but I can say that it's at least 4 to 6X.
at least.
I mean, because I would literally go, Steve, at least two or three or four months sometimes without seeing a pathologic issue with the female.
And now I'm seeing it four or five times some days every day, every day.
So it's not like I'm waiting that one or two months to see that spontaneous abortion or that, you know, I rarely do I
Rarely do I get a fetal demise, which means past 20 months, right?
But it's usually the miscarriage of the spontaneous abortion stage where we lose so I'm seeing that off the charts and I'm seeing Okay, hang on.

[SPEAKER_08]
So let's just talk about fetal demise just for a second because I have seen rates that are a hundred times high close to a hundred times higher
than previously seen.
Are you seeing 100 times higher?
What kind of numbers are you seeing?

[SPEAKER_09]
Fetal demise means 20 plus weeks.
So no, personally, no, I have not seen that.
I've seen a few, but not 100 times rise.
I've seen more in the younger.
early on.

[SPEAKER_10]
Less than 20 weeks.

[SPEAKER_09]
Less than 20 weeks.
A ton more.
I mean, it may be greater than 6X, but because literally I told them, I don't know if you heard this part, I was starting to write them down for you to how many I was doing, but I'm a pretty slow radiologist anyway, so I figured out I don't need to slow myself down anymore, so I did not.
I just quit counting because there were so many.
Literally,
They're not going to come to me or they're not going to get an ultrasound because they're normal, right?
Most women don't do that.
They come because they have a problem.
The issue is that there's tons more women coming with the problem now, right?
Instead of having five in a day, now I'm having 10 or 20 in a day.
So the numbers have gone up.
So yeah, I would say at least four to six X at least.

[SPEAKER_10]
Well, and I think too, Dr. Tranto, it's like past 20 weeks, because I did high risk obstetrics and I actually did the ultrasounds.
for high risk pregnancies for, you know, 17 years.
And if it was past 20 weeks, we'd get them in the hospital and we would do our own ultrasounds.
I would rarely, I mean, I don't even really remember sending our patients through to radiology or, you know.

[SPEAKER_09]
And that's another thing.
Most of my stuff is urgent care outpatient now.
So again, I wouldn't be seeing that.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.
So I don't think what you see truly represents like Steve, your 100% rise in fetal demises because he's not,

[SPEAKER_08]
in the type of practice that would be- No, no, no, 100 times, not 100%.

[SPEAKER_10]
I mean, yeah, yeah, 100 times.

[SPEAKER_08]
Big difference.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, yeah.

[SPEAKER_08]
Okay, so let me ask you this.
Are you seeing a, what's the percentage of people when you're, of the cases that you see, what percentage of the cases are vaccinated or do you even know because they don't tell you?

[SPEAKER_09]
Okay, that's a great question.
I don't know because they don't tell me.
However, I was speaking earlier that I will ask the physician, like if it's a critical case, we have them level one, two or three, whatever.
The level, the most critical cases, we're obligated to give the clinician a phone call.
On those cases, and even sometimes when they're not, I will speak to the clinician, because it's like, let's say they're having weird GI issues.
I will ask them.
I'll ask the clinician, well, they've been vaccinated.
I don't know.
Let me go ask.
So they'll go ask the patient, and they'll come back and tell me.
And I'll always say, I'm doing a study.
And I have not had a clinician come back and say, they're not vaccinated yet.
So everybody that I find something pathology wise have been vaccinated.
That doesn't mean they're not out there because we get sick all the time, right?
But the ones that I've asked have all been vaccinated.

[SPEAKER_08]
And how many have you asked?
Is it 10?
Is it 100?
Is it a thousand?

[SPEAKER_09]
It's less than 100.
But I'm just starting to ask because I used to put on the bottom of my reports and then I figured I would probably get in trouble, Angela.
I would put on there, has this patient had a COVID-19 vaccine?
And then I thought, maybe I shouldn't go that far because I was trying to get their attention.
Hey, you know, cause you know, most of them for the first two and a half years, they thought I was insane.
So, and then I started putting that on there and then I'm thinking,
maybe I shouldn't do that because maybe I don't want that on their permanent record.
So I quit doing that.
So now I'm asking and you know, in order to stop your your reading list and get that information, it takes time.
So but I have done that.

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, so when you say less than 100, are we talking like 90?
Are we talking to like 20?
Oh, no, no, closer to 90.
closer to 90, so those are big numbers.
You can't, that's pretty incriminating for the vaccinated, isn't it?
100%?

[SPEAKER_09]
No, not 100%.
On an average day, I read around 100 studies in an average small shift, okay?
And I've been doing that for, what, three years now.
So that's a ton of cases.
So if you think of 100 total, that's not probably that many if I'm reading thousands of cases, so.

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, no, no, but the point is that- Oh, the ones that I've asked, yes.
When you've asked 90 times and you've gotten 100% yeses,
for vaccination.
That is very statistically significant.
That is not something that is going to happen normally, right?
Because the normal background population is vaccinated by 75% or so.
It depends on what area you're in.
So to have 90 sort of chances and get 100% of it being vaccinated is very troubling.
I'd have to go and do the calculation, but it's...
I mean, I could get you...
It's probably likely to happen by chance.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, I could get you, you know, more accurate numbers by writing all this down.
You know, I just, you know, these are all coming, you know, thinking back in the past and how many of that stuff.

[SPEAKER_08]
And what's the underlying vaccination rate in your community?

[SPEAKER_09]
70% to 80%?
Guys, help me out.
I would probably think about 70%.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, so even more...

[SPEAKER_09]
But Steve, I read nationally.
I have 20 state licenses, so I may be reading in...
Ohio and then in Nevada and then Vegas.
I mean, I'm all over the place.
So it's not just my community.

[SPEAKER_08]
Oh, okay.
So when you ask, though, the people that you're asking, the doctors that you're asking, are those local doctors or those?
No, no, no.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, they're national.
That's the facility that I'm reading from.
So I may be reading in Arizona one day and Texas, well, not even that one day.
For whatever company I'm working for, you know, I could be anywhere.

[SPEAKER_08]
I get it.
Okay.
And have you been deplatformed from any hospitals like they're they won't use you because you're an evil anti-vaxxer?
Well, I got out of that when

[SPEAKER_09]
My story is when COVID hit, I also was diagnosed with a pulmonary artery hypertension.
So I was sick to begin with, and then I got out of that business.
So I got out of any outpatient facility, I got out of any hospital business, and I already kind of removed myself from that already.
So I'm pretty much free, so to speak.
And so I didn't have to worry about that.
But yeah, I don't think my reputation at any hospital in Birmingham is good.
Matter of fact,
I don't know if you remember this, I actually contacted you very early on in the pandemic.
And I said, I would like to debate some people at the University of Alabama here in Birmingham.
And I said, I'm gonna need you and your team.
And you said, I'll be happy to do it.
I'm like the Maytag repair man with nothing to do, just sitting around.
And so, but they didn't wanna debate me as you know, and here we sit.
And they don't like me.

[SPEAKER_08]
I don't think I'm very well wanted in the hospitals, no.
Yeah.
So I have a question about Hunter.
How long was it between when Hunter got his last vaccine and he started showing symptoms?

[SPEAKER_02]
So he was vaccinated in April of 2021.
And I don't know of any symptoms until the week he passed away, which was May 9th, 2023.

[SPEAKER_08]
Right.
So it shows you just how, um,
that a vaccine injury like this can essentially be under the radar for a very, very long time since you've been vaccinated.
I mean, people, a lot of people think that, oh, well, you know, nothing's happened to me in a year since the vaccine.
So I must be in the clear.
That's why.
Yeah.
And so this is just a an amazing story of how that is not the case at all.
that these things, that the time constant essentially for injury can be very, very long from the time of the shots.

[SPEAKER_02]
I see Jordan Vaughn as a patient.
And when I came home, I can't remember what, Hunter died in May, June, maybe July.
They found three blood clots in me.
But
I said to Jordan one day, here you have Hunter who's out fishing, he's guiding, he's rowing, he's hiking, he's doing all of these things, but he was so, maybe he wasn't sick then, but you know, he was becoming so sick.
And then how in the world, you know, that we know something's wrong at nine o'clock on
Monday night, and he's dead at three o'clock on Tuesday.
Like, how do you know?
And Jordan said, you don't.
You just don't.

[SPEAKER_08]
How many physicians have admitted that he was his death was caused by the vaccine?

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, the one who did the procedure said that was his thoughts, but he
you could never get confirmation is what he told me back in May.

[SPEAKER_08]
Right, but he said that the surgeon said that this was the vaccine.

[SPEAKER_02]
It was the vaccine.
And then I ended up giving Hunter medical records to his surgeon that
When he broke his arm, I was like, would you read through this for me?
I gave it to five different doctors in three different states that had no correlation with each other at all.
And they all said they believed it was vaccine related.

[SPEAKER_08]
And Steve, I don't know.
Wow.
That's they all said that it was vaccine related.
Wow.
That's a first.
I would have said I would have thought I would have predicted that they would have all denied any kind of association with the vaccine.

[SPEAKER_10]
I don't know if you heard, Steve, because you were in the car, but the surgeon that worked at the major hospital were the surgeon that coded him when he was on the table that was trying to get these clots out of behind his heart.
She went back and asked him a year later, can you tell me what it looked like?
And he said it's, it was a white fibrous clot, not a normal clot that you can penetrate through that, you know, the typical closet.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, I heard that.
But they said also that they've never seen anything like that before.
And was that in the hospital where he was ambulanced to, not the local hospital, but the regional hospital?
The regional hospital?
Yes.
Right.
Have they seen anything like that before?

[SPEAKER_02]
I believe that his surgeon has really been doing all of these procedures since 2020.
And I think that's all he's been seeing.
I don't think he's seen.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.
Yeah.
Sorry, I interrupted you.

[SPEAKER_02]
I don't think that he, you know, has the opportunity to see what kind of blood clots there were in 2017, 18, 19.

[SPEAKER_10]
He's a newer, he's a newer surgeon.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, he's a younger surgeon.
Yeah, he's actually an interventional radiologist that did the procedure.
Would he talk to me?

[SPEAKER_02]
Probably.
He did imply, I forget how he worded it, that when I was telling him about Jordan Vaughn, he said he must not work for any hospital.
And I said, no, he's independent and his money is not tied by hospitals, governments or grants.
And he said, that explains a lot.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.
Well, I'd love to chat with him.
We can get that offline so we don't reveal anything that we shouldn't be.

[SPEAKER_02]
And he was devastated.
And he even said that in their practice that they have met about Hunter as a group four times.
And?

[SPEAKER_10]
I think they don't know what happened.
Well, they do.
They do, after there's a big tragedy, especially that is unusual, we would have case reviews in hospitals.
So anybody that would die, a child or a kid that was unexpected, you do a case review where you bring in other people to see if there was something that you could have done differently or if policy and procedures were followed, if there were any mistakes that were made.
um, to kind of learn and grow from.
And so I'm sure they've met to do that as well as just have some grief counseling, because anytime we would lose a child, I mean, the only kids that I ever lost were car accident, drownings, those sorts of things.
I never had kids that had heart attacks or blood clots, but when we would lose a kid, we'd all need serious
counseling and debriefing because it's it's, you know, as it's really hard on the nurses and the doctors trying to keep a 25 year old alive.
We're not supposed to do that.
We're not.
Yeah, go ahead.

[SPEAKER_08]
Do you know what the result of those four meetings were?
Did they ever give you a debrief on the?

[SPEAKER_10]
I do not.
They won't, that's internal.
That's internal, they don't.
You're not allowed to record, you're not even allowed to talk about it outside of those meetings.
So when you have these debriefings in the hospital systems, you're not allowed to even talk about it with your coworkers.
Only the people that were involved in the case and other experts are allowed to discuss it and you cannot talk about it outside.

[SPEAKER_08]
Was there an autopsy done?

[SPEAKER_02]
There was not.
You know, it's so shocking.
You see your child,
you know, dead on the table, you know, you're heartbroken.
You walk out of the room and they're like, what funeral home do you want?
Do you want him to have increment?
You know, they hit you with so many things.
And all I can really think of at the time was pulmonary embolism.
I thought it was the vaccine and he would be so mad at me if I had an autopsy.
Like Hunter would be so mad at me.
But when I was reading his paperwork and when the catheter was getting clogged and they pulled it out and it kept getting twisted and they were trying to figure out what to do, he had had an event where they thought he had had a stroke.
And so I'm assuming they pulled off the
sedation, he could tell where he was, his name, he had all use of his extremities, and then while they were there trying to decide the next step, he arrested.
So they weren't even actually working on him when he arrested.

[SPEAKER_10]
Well, and the thing too is you already knew what caused his death.
You knew he died of a pulmonary emboli.
So in your case, I've seen lots of families where they choose not to do autopsies because you already know the cause of death.
But now I think
It's important going forward that we get stains and we get things over to pathologists like Ryan Cole, where we can actually find the spike in the adrenal glands or various parts to prove causation.
But in Hunter's case, it clearly is related.

[SPEAKER_08]
The problem is that people can gaslight into believing that, oh, it wasn't the vaccine.
Look, he had this vaccine two years ago.
And so that's why it's always important to get the documentation that can link the vaccine to the death.
I am curious, though, Dr. Triantos, what's the rate of pulmonary embolisms in fatal pulmonary embolisms in 25-year-olds?

[SPEAKER_09]
I don't have those statistics to be honest with you.

[SPEAKER_08]
It would probably be pretty low.
Have you ever seen it before in your career?

[SPEAKER_09]
Not at 25 years of age.
It's usually older.
And mostly people that have had surgery with their knees and they're bedridden in platforms and it shoots up at me.
So very, very, very uncommon, yes.

[SPEAKER_08]
Like, so uncommon you've never seen it before in your career.
I can't say that I haven't seen it.

[SPEAKER_10]
I've seen one, an amniotic fluid embolus.
It's like the worst emergency in obstetrics.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.
But that's a different type of embolus all in itself.
This is a blood clot.
That's not an amniotic embolus clot.
So no, I just don't remember, Steve, over 30 years of looking at these scans.
They're usually a little older.
You know, they usually have some kind of comorbidity.
Maybe they're overweight.
You know, maybe they're, you know, so there's maybe they just had surgery or they've been in an accident or whatever the cause is.
There's always an underlying cause.
It's not a healthy 25 year old who's out there fly fishing.
Very unusual.

[SPEAKER_08]
But so all of these doctors who said that he died from the vaccine, that Hunter died from the vaccine, you had five doctors who said Hunter died from the vaccine.
Would any of them go to the press?
and say, hey, this is news.
We had somebody die from the vaccine.
Would any of those five doctors go to the press?

[SPEAKER_02]
Probably not because they're all affiliated with hospitals.

[SPEAKER_08]
They don't want to lose their job.

[SPEAKER_02]
He'd be probably the only one.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.
Yeah.
Why, why haven't the medical boards gone after you?
Not yet.
How do you, how do you explain that?
I mean, normally anybody who speaks out against the vaccine loses their job certification boards.
Like what, what, what's going on here?

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, I think what's happening in Alabama is they have gone after Jordan Vaughn and they've gone after a couple other physicians and, uh,
Our medical association, it's different because most other states you have to vote on, right?
This guy's appointed and they're appointed by the medical association in the state of Alabama, which is basically a lobbying group.
And so they're kind of almost a private entity, so to speak.
So all you have to do is bring your attorney with you and show them your facts and it pretty much stops there.
Okay, because they don't want to get involved with a lawsuit like that because the evidence, and now there's so much, you know, there's so many papers and articles of all the evidence, they don't come after Unibor.
Now, they did, like I said, a couple of the physicians, they brought their attorneys and said, okay, really,
And then one of, and so that's kind of where it is in Alabama.
Now tomorrow morning, if I wake up and something happens, I'll call you.

[SPEAKER_08]
All right.
You got my number.
Yeah.
I'm a colleague.

[SPEAKER_10]
I would love for them to come after my license.
Cause all I'm doing is telling the truth.
I mean, I'm, I'm shocked that they got my license.
What, what, I mean, what are you going to get me for telling the truth?

[SPEAKER_09]
And what are you going to get before saving people's lives?
I mean, I kept him back.

[SPEAKER_08]
I kept him out of the hospital.
Come on.
It's all about spreading vaccine misinformation.
These vaccines are safe and effective.
So let me ask you this.
This is kind of my hot topic nowadays, which is I can't find a single medical practice where the COVID shots have had anywhere close
to what was demonstrated in the fraudulent clinical trials.
In other words, where is the medical clinic where after they gave the shots, the people who got the shots are getting COVID at a 90% lower rate
than the unvaccinated.
I have yet to find a clinic like that.
The clinic that I did found geriatric practice, they had a five times higher mortality, close to five times.
It was about 4.8 times higher in 2023 than in pre-COVID days.
a five X increase in all-cause mortality is ridiculous.
And they attributed it all to the, to the vaccine.
And so I'm asking people, do you know of any clinic where the mortality dropped the all-cause mortality dropped after the vaccine rollout?
You're aware of any, any medical practice that has stats like that?
Not to my knowledge.
they're all the reverse.
Is this the reverse?

[SPEAKER_09]
Matter of fact, speaking of that, I was speaking to one of our relatives, my wife's first cousin, and their mother got vaccinated, develops COVID, develops AFib, goes into the hospital, she comes home, they're taking care of her, and they ate dinner together, she walks in her bedroom, drops over dead.
So here's a perfectly
well, not perfectly healthy, but a healthy lady who never had COVID until she got vaccinated, vaccinated COVID, AFib, death.
And, you know, I can repeat the same story so many times in my own little peer group, all of my family and friends that have been vaccinated
The numbers are out there.
It's supposed to keep you healthy.

[SPEAKER_10]
It's supposed to keep you from getting COVID and dying.

[SPEAKER_08]
It's clearly doing the opposite.
There's no doubt about it.
In fact, Fauci wrote this paper recently.
It's published in Cell, peer-reviewed medical literature, and he basically admits that the existing COVID vaccines cannot stop the spread of COVID.
because it happens in your mucosal lining and it replicates very fast and then it spreads off of your nose.
And so by the time it becomes systemic, it's too late.
And he admits this.

[SPEAKER_10]
I think that's the only thing true that he's ever said, Steve.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, because he's trying to get funding for future vaccines that are mucosal vaccines.
But it's so
I asked Dr Malone about this and he said no it's more complicated than that but the bottom line is that there's no way that these vaccines could ever be anywhere close.
to what was claimed for the efficacy.
And he suspects that it's zero, but he'd be amazed if it was 30%, if it reached 30%.
And you need 50% to be approved.
And so it's so ridiculous that just based on the science of coronaviruses, because coronaviruses are basically intrinsically designed
to evade your immune system.
It's a single-stranded RNA virus, which means it mutates very rapidly.
This is why there's never been a successful COVID vaccine ever before in history.
And yet all these companies within months are able to come up and accomplish something that has never been done before that is technically impossible because really the only way that you're going to be able to protect against a subsequent COVID infection is you have to improve someone's immune system.
You cannot use the existing immune system and expose them to an antigen that will not work because natural immunity doesn't protect you against the subsequent covid infection and so If you think this through the only possible way that you could have a societal benefit where you're not infected with covid is to inject you with something which inherently improves your immune system rather than just exposes you to an antigen and that is well beyond
today's technology.
And so it is ridiculous.
I mean, look, I'm not a doctor, but this is so obvious to anyone who has critical thinking skills that these vaccines could never have worked.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, absolutely.
I mean, if you think about critical thinking skills, think about this.
You have this virus, and you have all these major competing companies, AstraZeneca, Johnson & Johnson, Pfizer, Moderna, and they all came up basically with the same technology, mRNA or adenoviravector.
Okay, so how in the world do these competing companies, right, come up with the same thing within two months?
I mean, it doesn't make any sense.
There's no way that could have happened.
No way in the world.

[SPEAKER_08]
I mean, it was with percent efficacy.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, it was already prepared.
I mean, you know, to prepare to distribute.
These are the distributors of this thing.
So that just makes no sense at all.
But yeah, like Dr. Bhakti said, really, you'll never be able to vaccinate a viral.
The only one that's been successful is rabies, he said.
I mean, there's nobody that knows this information better than he does.
And so he just recently said that, which was incredible.
Steve, have you seen the latest article about the reduction in age for these young men that have been vaccinated?
It goes down to 24 years of life if you've been vaccinated X amount of times.
Have you seen that recent article?
If not, I'll send it to you.
That's interesting.
I will.
All right.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yes.
Well, we should take some questions, Livio.
Do people have questions for?

[SPEAKER_06]
Oh, yeah, we've got some questions.
All right.
I'm going to duck it out for one second, but I'll be back.
All right, I'll save your questions because you got some Steve as well but I'll wait till you come back on your questions.
I'm going to start with question for Dr. Triantos from Jeannie.
What can the public do as precautionary measure to help with potentially undiagnosed potential blood clotting?

[SPEAKER_09]
Baby aspirin daily maybe?
Well, I don't want to give any advice because I don't see that patient.
But, you know, I would definitely try to reach out to a doctor that does understand long COVID.
There's several of them around the country and get their advice.
Now, if they were to see me, a patient, this is what I would probably have them on, some natural medicine like natokinase, seropeptase or lubricantase, those are some anti-plotting or amyloid or
of medicines and then of course a baby aspirin.
But yeah, so there are some things that you can take and along with in acetylcysteine.
So there's a whole bunch of stuff that I would recommend for my patients, but I can't recommend it for you because I don't know you and I don't treat you.
But yeah, there are things that you can take.
There's things that help with the spike protein that can reduce it in your blood, yes.

[SPEAKER_06]
Great.
Thank you for disclaiming that as well.
That's important.
Jamie, question for you from Michael Ness.
Did Hunter have any immediate side effects from the jab, like feeling ill or pain in his arm?

[SPEAKER_02]
Not that I recall.
And we don't ever know of him ever having COVID.

[SPEAKER_06]
Wow.
So he never tested positive or did he have any tests?

[SPEAKER_02]
Never.
Never.
And I don't ever recall him being sick to be tested.

[SPEAKER_06]
And it wasn't a requirement to be tested before he actually had to get the job, the jab for the job.

[SPEAKER_02]
No.

[SPEAKER_06]
Right.
Okay, Steve's back.
Let me get you a question, Steve.
If we can hear you, you were just muted for a second.
Steve from OC Yoursoft or R Usoft.
When are you going to get past the delusion that there is no malicious intent with respect to COVID and mRNA?

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, that's easy.
When I have hard evidence, when I have smoking gun evidence, I think that most people that played along with this actually believe the narrative.
I mean, it's very clear that they
They're they're just believing what they've been told.
I think there's there are a few corrupt individuals that are doing it for profit They're not doing it to kill people.
They're doing it for profit I mean, I I think that the people in Pfizer are doing it to make money and they're cutting corners and saying same thing in Moderna they're cutting corners to get this vaccine out and they look the other way when Bad things happen
and they're not their goal is not to kill people their goal is simply to make money and to solve a problem and they were simply going and looking the other way when problems occurred because it was a national emergency and people were dying and it was all in the national interest and and they write it off by
thinking that, well, the few vaccine injured there are, that's collateral damage, but we're saving 20 million lives.
Like I saw a paper today that was in New Zealand saying that, gee, New Zealand saved 20,000 lives with the vaccines.
And I honestly believe that these people, I think these people honestly believe that.
And there's just so much bad science out there.
It's so ridiculous.
And, uh, you know, so I, I saw this article in the newspaper.
So I wrote the reporter and I said, gee, if, if we've saved 20,000 lives, then how come you can't find a single medical facility where any lives were saved at all, where the, the death rates actually went down.
And I'm sure I'm not going to hear back from her, but you know, I think people are just not thinking it through and they, they want to believe.
What the authorities have told them and they want to believe that vaccines are safe and effective just like doctors are always you know Taught that in medical school.
So the reason that the doctors aren't looking at at this is because they look at This evidence and they say oh, well, that's that's just anecdotal That's just happening to me that but this can't be happening to other people
because the clinical trials have proved that it's safe and effective, and we're taught in med school that vaccines are safe.
So I don't think there's this evil conspiracy to kill people.
I think that it is just a perfect storm of things coming together and interests
to make money, but I do think that the underlying, and I think that the underlying research that caused this, that created the coronavirus and created this fur and cleavage site, that sort of research, who knows what it was done for?
I mean, I think it was clearly
the United States DOD that was funding this research and they're either doing it for defensive reasons so that they could have a cure in case China or some other power unleashes a coronavirus on us or perhaps to use as an offensive weapon if necessary
But it turns out that coronaviruses are notoriously not fatal.
See, that's the thing that people don't realize, that if you're out to kill people, the coronavirus is like a terrible way to do that.
It's just a very inefficient way to kill a lot of people.
So if there was this underlying plot to kill people, this would not be the way to do it.
It's too slow and ineffective.
And the problem with coronaviruses has always been that they're not terribly fatal.

[SPEAKER_10]
But the critical mistake that they made, Steve, though, is that during the clinical trials, even if they didn't
You know, they wanted to profit.
They didn't want to kill people.
The fatal mistake they made is when they started getting the vaccine injured that were in the clinical trials and they hid their injuries.
That was a fatal mistake because never in medicine doesn't matter how small the reaction doesn't matter.
You know, and these were not small reactions.
These people that were in the clinical trials that were injured that they lied about.
These were major life-altering debility.

[SPEAKER_08]
Absolutely.
Right.
But they did that either because of a profit motive or because they were told, hey, we have to have something.
People are dying in droves.
And even if this thing is unsafe, we've got to make it look safe so people will take it and that the benefits will outweigh the safety implications.
That's criminal.
But this is the calculus that people are making.
And I've talked to doctors who admit to me that, well, yeah, it was unsafe.
But think of how many lives we saved.
All right, but we got to think of this now.
If it's I try not to go the way I'm not doing any of this.

[SPEAKER_09]
I don't try to go to that next level.
I try to stick to the medicine part, but I do feel like there is another level.
But I'm working.
I can talk about it.
But the evil intent.
Why are we vaccinating these young children?
She's just Angela just talked about all these young kids dying.
Why are we back to the CDC?
The last time I looked, I haven't looked today.
There was no normal healthy child that has ever died from the coronavirus.
So why are we maliciously injecting a six-month-old baby?
That's evil to me.

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, no, it's medical stupidity and it is just complete incompetence.
in the people at the CDC and the FDA thinking that, oh, if it works for, uh, for all people, then we should protect the young and, and look at the two kids that might've died from COVID and we can save their lives too.
And they're thinking that in their minds, they think that this is a completely safe vaccine that has no downsides.
And so they're saying, well, why not?
Let's protect our kids.
You know, that's, that's what the thinking is.
It's not about, Hey, let's, let's try to kill our kids.

[SPEAKER_10]
We have enough evidence.
I mean, it's unreal how much evidence we have of how many kids have been harmed by this.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, no question.
But trying to get a public health official to acknowledge that is nearly impossible.
And these guys truly believe.
And I know this, because I can't quite say how I know this.
But people think that I am the devil.
You know, people who work at medical journals think that I am the devil and I am promoting something that is going to harm people and they will not listen to a thing that I say because I'm a bad person.
And so all of these arguments and all this data and all that, they, they won't even look at it, right?
Because they believe what they're told, not because they're bad people.
They just simply believe what they've been told over years.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, I have some thoughts, but I'm going to save those for myself.

[SPEAKER_08]
This is a longer discussion, but that's the short answer.

[SPEAKER_06]
It makes me want to play the first 30 seconds of a video that I did at the intro of the COVID litigation conference.
I'm going to play those first 30 seconds just for fun.

[SPEAKER_07]
Why don't we blow the system up?
I mean obviously we can't just turn off the spigot on the system we have and then say hey everyone in the world should get this new vaccine we've given to anyone yet, but there must be some way.

[SPEAKER_05]
There might be a need or even an urgent call for an entity.
excitement out there that's completely disruptive that's not beholden to bureaucratic strings and processes.

[SPEAKER_03]
So we really do have a problem of how the world perceives influenza and it's going to be very difficult to change that unless you do it from within and say
I don't care what your perception is, we're going to address the problem in a disruptive way and in an iterative way, because you do need both.

[SPEAKER_05]
But it is not too crazy to think that an outbreak of a novel avian virus could occur in China somewhere.
We could get the RNA sequence from that, beam it to a number of regional centers, if not local, if not even in your home at some point, and print those vaccines on a patch and self-administer.

[SPEAKER_06]
That was right after event 201 in 2019.

[SPEAKER_08]
So, but, but the agenda here was not, Hey, let's, here's how to kill people.
That's, and that's the point.
These, these people are all believing that all this stuff that they're doing is saving lives and they're so, and, and it's, it's basically they're, they're just blinded.
It's it's willful blindness.
They simply look the other way whenever you talk about any kind of adverse events.
They look the other way and they think you're crazy.
These adverse events are small, are relatively infrequent.
And you can tell me all these stories, but I know that the COVID is much more dangerous than the vaccine, you know, and they believe this stuff that's in the peer reviewed literature, which is garbage.
These garbage studies just cause people to have this mindset that they
they believe that yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah it does cause myocarditis but it's not as bad as covid and so therefore the vaccine is the better alternative and in fact Pfizer just completed this study on myocarditis where they said we tested in 2 000 patients and we didn't find a single case of myocarditis
in the 2,000 patients, and they had slightly elevated troponin levels that do not meet the clinical threshold of myocarditis.
I mean, people are just, and the doctors are just eating this stuff up.
I mean, it's crazy.
It's insane.

[SPEAKER_06]
I'm going to go to the next question.
Good move.
From Emerson BT.
This is for Nurse Angela and Dr. Triantos.
How many of your colleagues quit the healthcare profession?
What reasons?
Mandates?
Early retirement?
Other?
Is there a shortage of healthcare workers?
Angela, you go ahead first.

[SPEAKER_10]
Well, in the department where I worked, the only people that
Well, they didn't quit.
I had two doctors who were both severely injured right before me.
One was Dr. Wilner, who at one point was our CMO.
He went into AFib after he got his shot.
He had an ablation and then a couple of weeks later got another shot.
and immediately went right back into AFib and then started to deteriorate after that.
So he had to retire.
And then Dr. Jan Mizal, who is
Um, also in the lawsuit with me against the UC systems, a wonderful, amazing pediatrician, um, who was not anywhere near ready to retire.
Brilliant woman who was also a professor of molecular biology at Berkeley.
Um, she had the exact same reaction I had a couple of weeks before and was forced into retirement.
Um, we had another, um, gentleman who's also in our lawsuit.
He was a OR tech who, um, I believe is still working, but had to take
six plus months off.
So the only people that I know that left the profession were injured people.
The rest are still currently working.

[SPEAKER_09]
In my experience, several physicians retired once COVID hit.
For instance, outpatient businesses, people couldn't get to their doctors.
And so basically, that took some of the people that were going to retire in the very near future just to go ahead and retire.
And then some physicians, two in my neighborhood locally here, passed away from vaccine injury.
Jamie knows a physician who had cancer, was in remission,
he vaccinated and he passed away, so we're losing some by actual deaths and disabilities from the vaccine.
As a radiologist, if you look at the American College of Radiology website, you used to look and see how many jobs were available.
And when I finished my residency program, it was hard to find a job.
Now you can open up that web page and there's over 300 on every single day job applications.
And they were paying
I mean, it's in every state, every state.
You can find a job as a radiologist anywhere because the numbers have come way down.
Now, I can't explain those numbers on that part, but I know there is a shortage, yes.

[SPEAKER_08]
Interesting.
I have to drop it.
Don't get in the way.

[SPEAKER_06]
Thank you, Steve, for joining us for the time that you could and happy birthday to your wife.
I know it's her birthday.

[SPEAKER_08]
That's the reason I got to leave early.
Happy birthday.
Thank you.
Thank you, Steve.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_10]
Have a nice dinner with her.

[SPEAKER_09]
Now that Steve's gone, we can talk the truth.

[SPEAKER_06]
I knew he had to go or I would have pressed him even harder.

[SPEAKER_10]
Dr. Triant does like as medical practitioners, like the slightest little thing that happens in a clinical trial or even in a hospital, it's like you speak up and when you have these
these people, these young, healthy people and children that were injured in the clinical trials, and they hid that from us.

[SPEAKER_09]
Oh, it's sickening.
I mean, it's absolutely sickening.

[SPEAKER_02]
It's absolutely sickening.

[SPEAKER_10]
I mean, that to me is a criminal intent of, you know, potential harm for the rest of society.
It's one thing if you want to make profit.
It's another thing if you are thinking that you want to save, you know, all these people are dying.
But just because people are dying doesn't mean that it's okay to then go and give another dangerous drug on top of people dying.
It's like they locked us down for a reason to try and keep us supposedly from spreading it and giving it to grandma and grandpa.
So keep us locked down.
I mean, don't keep us locked down.
But if they're thinking that
They want to prevent us from death.
They had us locked down.
Why would you go give us a dangerous drug that was harming people during the clinical trials?

[SPEAKER_09]
Or even the medications they give us in the hospital, remdesivir.
Basically, when my mother was there and they basically killed her, they just jumped her up with morphine and midazolam.
I mean, pumped her up.
Yeah, and so, I mean, there is an evil intent and I just try to stay away from that unless people ask me on a personal level because they already think I'm crazy enough, right?
And I don't need to give them more ammunition, but I know there's an evil intent.
I know that there's something more than just their selfish greed.
There's more than that to this.
It's deeper than that.

[SPEAKER_10]
When you're having injuries, yes.
Yeah.
What do you think?

[SPEAKER_02]
I have a friend that is a physician and she said that people would come in to the hospital with a declaration, I don't know the official word saying they refuse to have remdesivir and the hospital would go behind that and still give it to them.

[SPEAKER_10]
We have a lot of nurses that have actually have come on our show that worked COVID ICU and COVID floors.
And they, they, they all say the same thing.

[SPEAKER_02]
They would, it's shocking.

[SPEAKER_10]
They would give it without consent and, and they would give it, you know, weeks into a viral illness where it makes no difference.
No, you really want to kill them quicker.
Just give them, give them the remdesivir and shut their kidneys down.
And they literally have zero chance of making it out alive.

[SPEAKER_06]
There's a film that Mickey Willis has been working on for years now.
I did a little bit of work on at the beginning called, oh God, what's the name of the film?
Bad Medicine, and it is about Remdesivir, and it is exactly what you're talking about, how they were using that drug.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, I know personally three people that took it.
One of them is out and she's had problems kind of not fully recovered in my opinion.
The other two is a friend of mine's father,
and her cousin both died from kidney failure from remdesivir.
He didn't die from COVID.
He died from that.
And so, and that's just a personal, that's not patients of mine.
Those are people that I know.
So it's awful.

[SPEAKER_06]
Okay.
I've got, I've got another question for Jamie from a putney.
What about your other two children other than Hunter who also got the jabs?

[SPEAKER_02]
So we went and had coagulation studies done just to become educated on if there was anything we needed to know.
And the boys are doing really well.
They're healthy.
They do take a regiment of an aspirin, nepranol, and NAC every day.

[SPEAKER_06]
I'm going to follow up with another.
Yep.
Sorry, go ahead.

[SPEAKER_10]
Jamie's on blood then you're on blood thinners as well.

[SPEAKER_02]
I am on a huge regimen from my vaccine injury and then the finding of the three blood clots in my lungs during the summer.
So I'm on eloquence, nepronal, NAC, and aspirin, um, famotidine, um,
I had Chloroquine.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_02]
And, um, I think there's one other.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
My mom is on a bunch of blood thinners, including Eloquis since her booster.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.
My mom had a blood clot in her eyes, so she's on all of that as well, unfortunately.
And it goes to show there, there, there could be some familial, you know, genetic component.
The fact that, you know, both you and your son, me and me and my mother,
Um, you know, when they tell you that it's safe and effective, it's not safe and effective for everybody.
And they should have looked, you know, a lot of people are having, um, that MTHFR genetic mutations that are showing up.
Um, you know, a lot of, a lot of people with ELOS downloads.
Um, connective tissue disorders, a lot of people that have preexisting auto immunity, um, tend not to do so well.

[SPEAKER_02]
So I tested positive for the plasminogen activator inhibitor.
So, um, yeah, I think
It's not safe for everyone.

[SPEAKER_09]
Another thing we got to think about that, you know, the work by Sasha Lotopova was just excellent.
I mean, you know, she explains how they were developed and, you know, there's no quality control.
So you may get a batch that had nothing in it, or you may get a batch with all this in it.
So, you know, the people that thank God, there's a ton of people that didn't get injured, right?
And that's what we want.
And those people are saying, they look at it as saying, I didn't get injured.
All these people, I know nothing happened.
Well, you may have got a good batch, meaning a bad batch that wasn't even effective.
And then, of course, like you said, the genetics part of it is so complicated.
But we do know that it injures people.
That's the bottom line.
It injures too many.

[SPEAKER_06]
Here we sit.
I'm glad you brought Sasha up.
I talked to her at the COVID Litigation Conference and in her presentation she talked about what they're putting in the food supply and she showed all these charts about what's in our food and in the animal vaccines and I'm working on a show we're going to bring her on to talk about that.

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, please let me know what it is, because there's two people.
I'm going to shout out to Brooke Jackson for her bravery.
One of my first talks, I spoke about the information she released, and then Sasha Latapova.
I mean, they've been excellent to getting this stuff out.
I mean, it's just incredible.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.
Brooke is amazing.
I mean, she showed how shitty the quality control really was, and the shortcuts and the corruption that they did.
She's another brave one that we have to safeguard and protect.
I worry about her as a whistleblower.

[SPEAKER_06]
Absolutely.
I got a couple more questions, but before I do that, I want to remind everyone to donate today if you can.
It is important for VSRF Live to stay, to keep going forward, to keep bringing you these kinds of programming, keep bringing the truth out there.
So please consider making a donation.
Hit the like button at the very least you can do.
I see there's well over a thousand people online and we got like a hundred likes.
So pop that like button now to let us know that you like us and also text VSRF 253-555 and no donation is too small.
So hit us with some donations if you're so inclined.
A couple more questions here and then we'll, we'll let you go.
Um, let me pick one here for Jamie.
I had one here for you that said, uh, it's from Claire cat three, six, seven.
What do you think about the intentional versus just doing my job issue?
How do you feel about that given what you've gone through?

[SPEAKER_02]
I'm not sure I understand that question.

[SPEAKER_06]
I think it goes to like the people, the healthcare workers that they may see something or know, but they're just doing it for their job security.

[SPEAKER_02]
Oh, I think that there so many people are terrified to talk.
I've had people talk to me and give me their opinion, but say, you know, I would never say that on record.
So I think, I think there's a lot of fear.
that they wanna keep their job, they want their money, they want their paycheck, they wanna take care of their family.
And that's worth being quiet.

[SPEAKER_10]
If we could only just pick a day, I mean, that would be something wonderful that we could do is pick a day where, because I hear the same thing from doctors all over the place inside of hospitals.
Pick a day, have everybody come out on that day and have everybody talk at the same time, because there is strength in numbers and that's what terrifies people is being alone and being the first one to come forward or speak out.
But we do need all the nurses and doctors and practitioners, people inside of hospitals coming out and telling what they're seeing.

[SPEAKER_02]
And you know, for me, Hunter was, Hunter loved his country.
He was a history buff.
He was proud of where he was from.
And he would be devastated that this took him out.
And that sounds harsh, but it did.
It took him out.
And he was also a harsh truth teller.
And I can't believe if it wasn't reversed and it was me that was gone, that he wouldn't be

[SPEAKER_09]
Advocating.
Yeah.
Fighting for his mother.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, he'd be fighting for you.
And it breaks my heart, Jamie.
I mean, like, even just to wake up every day, but even like with what you're wearing right now, you're wearing a shirt that was Hunter's that you turned into a female version and you carry this rock with him, you know, of his ashes in your palm and, you know, with you everywhere you go that it shouldn't be that.

[SPEAKER_02]
You know, it shouldn't be in it, you know, it's out of order.
You know, they should be taking care of us as we get older, but you know, he had found the girl he had wanted to marry, he was happy, he was doing everything he loved, and it's hard, it's hard that all of that is taken away.
Not only his dreams, but my dreams for him.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, wow.
Question for Dr. Triantos from aka Lu Nine.
Factor fiction.
Can non-vaxxed person get the vax by being around a recently vaxxed person?
I think the term is shedding.
What's your take on that?

[SPEAKER_09]
I believe in shedding.
I mean, I was just at the FLCCC conference in Arizona, and Dr. Pierre Corey gave a great lecture on that.
And the evidence has been there for a while.
I think Jessica Rose, who's a biostatistician, was probably one of the first ones to talk about it.
And she even spoke of herself, where her periods changed, which was around a lot of people that had been vaccinated.
And I have a personal story that happened to my daughter.
who was in a room where she used to work at a place where everyone in the place was vaccinated except her.
And it's a very small confinement about your hairdressers.
And she stopped having periods.
And that's all I said.
Oh, God, that's all I need is another kid around here.
And she goes, Dad, I'm not pregnant.
I promise you.
And this went on for like two months.
Her periods completely stopped.
And so they wanted her to get vaccinated.
I said, that ain't happening.
So I pulled her out of that, her work environment.
And about a month later, her periods started back.
So yeah, it's pretty, no, it's, there's stories I know of a pilot.
You'll probably know the same pilot who developed myocarditis in a cockpit for one of the major airliners who was not vaccinated and developed myocarditis sitting next to a bunch of vaccinated, you know, in that small environment.
Yes, I believe it.
I don't fully understand it.
Of course, we think of the exosomes that we spit out of our mouth and the skin-to-skin contact.
So, we have some vague understanding of what's going on, but I don't think we really totally know.
But just like women, when they're all together at camp or wherever, their menstrual cycles all sink, right?
They all sink, and so the same process is probably going on in that respect.
So, yeah, I do.
As a matter of fact, I treat myself once a week.
because when I'm around a bunch of people that are vaccinated just to try to get this stuff out once or twice a week.
Great, great.

[SPEAKER_06]
Livia, are you going to play that video on Dale or no?
We don't have the time.
I'm going to do that at the very end.
That's how I'm going to close the show.
So I'm going to end the question there.
And thank you both so much for being here.
You both are so brave.
I barely made it through the intro of the show.
So I can only imagine how much strength it takes for you, Jamie, to continue on and being so brave and outspoken.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_02]
Thank you for letting me tell his story.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, all of us here, we plan these shows and it was hard for our entire team to even just wrap our head.
It's like, it's really hard for us to do this because it's just so heartbreaking and we all just send you so much love and strength and thank you for sharing.
And we're just so devastated and sad that this is your reality, but I can only imagine how proud he is of you for what you're doing.
So thank you.

[SPEAKER_06]
I hope so.
Thank you.
And if you can join us on Twitter Spaces, we'll hop over there shortly after we end VSRF Live here.
If you're available, I know Angela, you'll be on Twitter Spaces.

[SPEAKER_10]
I'll be there.

[SPEAKER_06]
If either or both of you, Dr. Philip Toronto-Sor, Jamie Blattman, can you please, if you want to join, that would be great.
I'm sure there'd be more questions for you there for a little while.
But again, thank you.

[SPEAKER_10]
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thanks for being so brave.
Thank you.
You're our first radiologist that we've had on the show.
We've had lots of doctors, um, and you know, of all sorts, but you're our very first radiologist to come forward and come out on our shows.
So we, we just love and appreciate you so much.
So thank you.

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, I appreciate it.
I just feel like there's something that needs to be said.
So just trying to do my part, but thank y'all for the opportunity.

[SPEAKER_06]
Thank you.
We'll listen for you on Twitter spaces.
Okay.
Angela, it's been quite an emotional roller coaster in the evening and but wonderful being with you the whole show.
So thank you for for being there the whole show.
I really appreciate you for for that.

[SPEAKER_10]
Everybody sorry for my mic issues.
I
It will be fixed by next week.
It's a work in progress.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, well, and I think I had some issues with my gun might have to replace this microphone because I don't know why it goes low, although everything looks good on my end.
But I do want to make another announcement here that turtles.
turtles all the way down steve's favorite book is now available as an audio book and it's currently on sale on amazon and if you have not read it yet order it from audiobook here 10 of the proceeds go to vsrf and also i want to share that if you want to
Go to our swag shop.
You can check out all of the goodies that we have, including all the misinformation super spreader stuff, the hats, the mugs, the shirts.
It's my favorite.

[SPEAKER_10]
Steve on the plane.

[SPEAKER_06]
Steve on the plane.
I don't know if it's on the page here.
There it is.
Legend right there.

[SPEAKER_10]
That's the one that I'm wearing right now.

[SPEAKER_06]
That's a great shirt.
So go to our swag shop and
Donate through that if you are so inclined.
I also I'm trying to find I made a screen for next week's show, but I seem to have Misplaced it in my files here, but next week.
We do have a great show coming up for you with
Canadian constitutional attorney Sean Buckley who has been on a crusade for over 30 years Defending his rights of natural health companies under attack by big pharma and major health institutions such as Health Canada It's a real David versus Goliath story, which everyone needs to hear who cares about health sovereignty Sorry, I couldn't get the
The graphic that Jeannie made earlier Again great show Angela great to see you

[SPEAKER_10]
So good to see you.

[SPEAKER_06]
And I'm going to see you maybe on Twitter spaces and I'm going to sign off with about six or seven minutes from Dell Big Trees powerful speech from earlier this week, which you had a front row seat at the rally to reclaim free speech in Washington, DC.
Everyone, thank you for joining us this evening and we'll see you all next week.
Have a great rest of your evening and weekend.
Good night.

[SPEAKER_10]
Good night, folks.

[SPEAKER_04]
This will go down as one of the greatest scientific lies and pieces of propaganda ever written.
And I hope that we never forget the names of these scientists that overturned what they knew to be true to publish a lie to the world that was not only disarming our actual investigation,
It was a part of sending a group of liars to the Wuhan lab when we could finally get in there, only to stage a bigger lie to the world.
All of this so that we could protect Tony Fauci, who knew he screwed up.
He knew that this thing was going to come back to him, that his gain-of-function research, which we had tried so many times in this country to make illegal, because we knew
The most dangerous thing you could do would be to evolve a virus beyond what it would do in its own natural course of life, and then accidentally release it to the world.
That's exactly what happened.
And look at it.
You don't have to be a rocket scientist.
We all know when our little child is caught lying, the first thing they do is like the Bart Simpson, wasn't me, I wasn't there, you can't prove anything.
That's what Tony Fauci did.
Why did he immediately first say, oh, don't worry about the virus.
It's not a problem at all.
Look the other way.
It's not going to affect America.
And then when it looked like it was going to affect America, he got these scientists together and said, look, what's going on here?
Tony, it looks like it was made in the lab.
One of the labs that we are funding.
We've seen all the emails now.
This isn't anymore confused.
We know Fauci lied.
We know he got these scientists to lie.
And now we stand here in front of a Supreme Court where many of us were censored, shut down for telling the truth, telling you that this looked like it's man-made from a lab.
And what would have happened had we actually had that information on time?
What would have happened if every scientist that knew this was a lab leak said, we've got to get inside that laboratory immediately and find out what this is, what's going on, instead of sending shills from EcoHealth
and government officials to go in there and cover the entire thing up.
This is a tragedy.
For those millions that did die from this virus, that select group of people over the age of 70 that had other comorbidities, those lives really need to point to one person, Tony Fauci, and all that he worked with to promote this idea of gain-of-function research.
It's truly terrifying that we sit here now even having to defend ourselves.
And what's even more terrifying is all the news agencies that are gathered around us now still have not apologized for being propagandists and liars in a nation that's supposed to celebrate freedom of speech.
Where is the New York Times?
Where is the Washington Post apology for pushing social distancing only to find out, weeks ago, when Tony Fauci stood before our Congress, yeah, that social distancing thing, that six feet, that ended up locking down our nation, locking down our schools, making us turn each other in if we were standing too close to each other, maybe even hugging or kissing.
Yeah, all of that.
It just kind of appeared it had no basis in science whatsoever.
From the man that was reported as saying, if you question me, you question the science.
As though one man is the science.
And now what we know is that one man has just admitted, I lied to you.
And how about all the pundits and all the scientists and all the experts that said this vaccine is 95% effective at stopping transmission?
Rachel Maddow for MSNBC saying, if you take this vaccine, the virus stops with you, stops dead, cannot be transmitted to anyone else.
It will stop the pandemic.
Wrong.
Those of us that still have to stand in front of cameras and be asked about what it feels like to spread misinformation, I don't know what it's going to take for it to sink into the tiny brains of our media.
I don't know if I should stand in front of these cameras and hold up a mirror and say, who do you think you're talking to?
Not the people that got it right, clearly.
The ones that said that masks don't work and now every major study around the world shows us that.
The ones that said that this didn't have a death rate of 3.5%.
People like me that very early on after China and Italy and the cruise ship coming to Florida said this looks like it's going to be somewhere around 0.27, 0.3%.
And yes, I'm on record for saying that.
I was off.
As it turns out, the worldwide death rate of COVID, coronavirus, is 0.35%.
And what's a bad flu season?
0.5%.
which means this was really just a bad flu.
And had we listened to the great scientists and doctors of the Great Barrington Declaration, we wouldn't have destroyed this nation.
We wouldn't have destroyed our children and sent them back.
We wouldn't have destroyed our economy and have a president that blames all of our inflationary problems on his mistake of locking us down and forcing us to take a vaccine that, by the way,
based on science at the Cleveland Clinic after 14 to 15 weeks has negative efficacy.
You're more likely to catch coronavirus if you take the vaccine.
How about that?
That's science.
That's peer-reviewed science.
No, Tony Fauci did not tell you that, and he never will.
But please, keep holding him aside and quoting him.
Keep asking him what he thinks of what Dale Beechley is saying.
I'm fine with that.
I know that the words that I've said and those that stand with me and the words that we all spoke that are inside of this case have stood the test of time.
Truth has a way of doing that.
And when they all try to figure out why their news agencies are falling apart on the verge of Chapter 11, can't seem to hold on to an audience, and no matter how bad and how hard they pray that our social media sites will be shut down, millions of people are listening to the high wire.
Millions more than any CBS show I ever worked for as a producer.
Why?
Not because of misinformation.
I'll tell you why.
It's a little secret.
The truth just sounds better.
