[SPEAKER_03]
Heartbreaker He's got one friend, that's the Undertaker
It ain't nothing but a heartbreaker, friend only.

[SPEAKER_08]
Tonight, VSRF Live is streaming from the Reawaken America Tour in Detroit, Michigan, with several notable guests, including Nurse Angela and Dr. Simone Gold.

[SPEAKER_04]
do so much censorship and so much propaganda that people can vote a certain way, and you own the people who are in charge, you literally don't have to spend billions of dollars on fighting wars.
That's exactly where we are.
Make no mistake, we're absolutely in a war.
You can call it an information war, whatever you want to call it, but for sure it's a war on freedom, and the weapons is censorship and propaganda.

[SPEAKER_08]
Hello and welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm Livio Sanchez and we're coming to you live from Detroit at the Reawaken America Tour and I'm here in person with
Nurse Angela.
Hello.
Great to see you in person.

[SPEAKER_07]
It's so good to see you.
It's so unusual because normally we're in our own screen.
So to be together is amazing.
It's wonderful.
So great to be here.

[SPEAKER_08]
And one of the reasons we're here tonight is you're you're invited to speak.
You're one of the speakers at the we awaken America tour.
What are you going to be talking about?

[SPEAKER_07]
I will definitely be talking about the vaccine injured and all the lies and corruption that we were fed through the pandemic.
And just that it was a pandemic of the misinformed.
And as Steve Kirsch is the number one misinformation super spreader, I've got to be here to represent him.
And I'm so grateful to be here.
I'm honored to be here.
And we're so lucky to actually have Dr. Simone Gold, who is also a speaker, joining us tonight, all these amazing people.
So it's a pleasure to be here.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, and Simone's actually sitting right across from us.
We're looking at her right now.
And then I've got them both on the screen now.
Welcome to VSRF Live.
Thank you for coming on live.

[SPEAKER_04]
So happy to be here.

[SPEAKER_07]
It is very nice to be in person with other humans.
Yeah.
We actually just saw Dr. Gold in Palm Springs with Steve Kirsch.
So it's great to see you once again.
For sure.
For sure.

[SPEAKER_08]
So I want to read your bio real quick for our audience.
So they get to know for those that don't know you, you are a licensed emergency physician and attorney and the visionary who led the pivotal press conference event that broke the spell of the coronavirus panic in 2020.
Dr. Gold is America's expert voice of common sense and scientific clarity in the information war against medical Marxism.
and the fraud of corporate media and medical bureaucracy, and she continues to stand as a front-line advocate for civil liberties.
Yeah, I actually heard earlier today that you went to medical school, and then at a very young age, you decided, you know what, I'm going to be a lawyer as well.

[SPEAKER_07]
I'm not an overachiever at all.

[SPEAKER_04]
I've had a lot of schooling under my belt, for sure.
Yeah.
I mean, we could talk about that, but it's for sure.

[SPEAKER_08]
Excellent.
And I also want to bring one more guest before we get into the interview and the conversation.
We actually have Steve Kirsch joining us from California, back from Geneva.
Welcome to VSRF Live.
Steve, how are you, sir?

[SPEAKER_02]
I'm glad to be back at home.
Excellent.

[SPEAKER_07]
How was Geneva?
Are you jet-lagged?
How are you feeling?
How was it?

[SPEAKER_02]
No, no jet lag at all.
You know, going west is always much easier than going east.
So, no, I didn't have hardly any jet lag at all.

[SPEAKER_07]
Do you feel rejuvenated after being there?
Was it successful?
We heard your presentation.
We'll be playing that at the end.
It was excellent.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, you know, it was validating in two different ways.
And so one way it was validating is that I got a chance to directly ask people there whether they had any evidence that the vaccine saved any lives.
And the answer was no.
And so, yeah, it's exactly my experience as well.
And, but the other, the other sort of stunning thing was I had a dinner with Dell big tree and his family.
And one of the things he said is that, that over 20 times, he uncovered stories that he thought would end the whole narrative that would just bring down the house 20 times.
And every single time he was wrong.
And it was interesting hearing from him, who's been doing this for a lot longer than I've been doing it, just experiencing exactly the same things, where you look at this stuff and you say, well, there's no way that they can ignore this or explain this.
And this should bring down the house.
And nothing happens.
And so I decided after that that I'm going to be submitting a paper to the scientific journals that talks about the US nursing home data.
And in that data, there's one example, Apple Valley Village Healthcare Center.
And I got tipped off about this place because I got a phone call from someone who is related to someone who works there.
And they heard that, well, before the vaccines rolled out, there were no deaths.
And there were like 40 deaths in just a few weeks after the shots rolled out.
So then I looked up that facilities
data in the official government records.
They have to report into Medicare how many COVID cases there were and how many COVID deaths there were.
And they had like 28
COVID cases in zero deaths before the COVID vaccines rolled out.
And then within a few weeks after the vaccines rolled out, they had 90 cases and 28 deaths.
And so I've asked people to explain that.
If the vaccine is so effective, how is it that the death rate went from a 0% mortality with exactly the same variant?
to a 30% mortality rate after the vaccines rolled out.
I thought it was supposed to be the reverse.
Silly me.
And nobody will explain it.
And so real truther goes on X and says, well, how do you explain the Sweden blah, blah, blah?
And I say, well, if you answer my question, I will answer your question.
That's the way it works.
He says, no, no, you have to answer my question first.
Can you see?
This way he avoids answering any questions.

[SPEAKER_04]
It's so... You know, one of the stories, Steve, if I could just jump in, one of the stories that I thought was going to blow this up, it's interesting you said that about Dell, was there's a physician in Texas, you may know him, Dr. Robin Armstrong, and his profession is an internal medicine doctor and he had a lot of nursing home patients.
So in April of 2020, he developed a protocol, or March of 2020, he developed a protocol which really all the nursing patients lived and survived because he basically kept the staff, like they kind of lived in, I think he had a nurse practitioner and a physician assistant who kind of moved in, so there was less going back and forth with people and he put them all in early treatment and they all did really, really well.
And I remember thinking, wow, this is going to be front page news, this is going to be
man of the year on time.
That's what I thought.
So he might be somebody to talk with about the nursing home deaths because that was his career.
You know, I think it still is.
Robin Armstrong, a total hero as far as I'm concerned.

[SPEAKER_02]
Oh, wow.
Yep.
I have his contact info.
We've talked in the past.
I'll give him a call.

[SPEAKER_07]
Such an effective vaccine.

[SPEAKER_04]
And the other thing that is interesting that you said about, we looked for two years, we were trying to find excess mortality and all that.
And those numbers were evaporated from the CDC website.
We couldn't crunch those numbers.
We couldn't find it.
But I'm sure you know this, obviously.
But the age of death of people dying with COVID really actually already exceeded life expectancy.
So the better way to look at the people who did die with COVID
was what my father told me.
My father was a doctor and I learned a lot just learning from him as a young girl.
And an expression he had for me often was, pneumonia is an old man's best friend.
Meaning, pneumonia is very often the final cause of death for an old person.
And it's not such a bad way to go in the scheme of things, you know, back, you know, in the earlier times.
And really, when you looked at the people who died with COVID, from COVID, I had COVID patients,
Those were people that were in the aggregate, statistically, they were destined to die within that year.
Like that just happened to be the thing that took them out.
And I was saying that a lot and I don't know why people didn't understand that.
It's pretty basic.
It's pretty straightforward.

[SPEAKER_07]
Well, it definitely turns out that the death rate from COVID was like 0.35% and a bad flu season was 0.5%.
So this was nothing more than a bad flu, you know, in the scheme of things.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
One of the things I'm so sad about for my profession is I was trained for many years to be an ER physician and I've gone through a lot of different issues, medical issues as an ER physician.
This is what we trained for.
And I'm just so sad because I don't think this would have been anything if it hadn't been politicized.
You know, we had SARS-1, bird flu, swine flu.
You know, I was ready for Ebola.
I was working at the hospital that was the receiving center.
Should any potential Ebola patients fly into Los Angeles International, I was working at the hospital that was the designated center.
So, I mean, we were trained.
And then, listen, this one was just treated so different politically.
And it's, you know, so I immediately recognized it had really nothing to do with the virus itself, nothing to do with it.

[SPEAKER_08]
Did you have a similar experience?

[SPEAKER_07]
I was on lockdown when COVID happened and I was homeschooling my daughter.
So I actually wasn't in the hospitals, but I spoke with all of the Bay Area hospitals and they were actually empty.
Nurses were being sent home, doctors were being sent home.
The really sad thing was they weren't doing routine procedures that save people's lives.
they were canceling mammograms, they were canceling, you know, everything, when the hospitals were completely empty.

[SPEAKER_04]
So elective free, by the way, that's a great area to crunch numbers is all the elective procedures, because for example, the stent procedures for heart, which you tend to think of as really, really urgent, or maybe not emergent, but urgent.
And those are also being canceled.
So everything was being canceled.
So I don't know if you all know this, but the way I first got public attention was I wrote a letter to the president
700 physicians signed it.
It ended up being 1,200 at the end, but when we presented it, it was 700.
And I said, lockdowns are a mass casualty incident.
And I chose those words because it's trauma words, where you triage people.
And mass casualty incident, we were creating, we were up triaging.
So all these people that would have been green, which is really fine, they're being bumped up to yellow, and yellow's being bumped up to red, and red's being bumped up to black.
We were causing this terrible, terrible mass casualty incident with the delay in care.
Absolutely.
And I had the same experience.
The hospitals were empty.
There were periods when you go over the Medicare data, there were periods like in New York.
There was about a four to six week period in New York when the numbers really were very high.
Same thing happened in several areas, like New Orleans it happened as well, but the vast majority of the country that didn't happen, and even the areas where it happened, it was only like four, New York was the longest, it was four to six, I forget.
New Orleans was about three weeks that the numbers were high.
But I was in Los Angeles and I went, the first thing I ever put out on Twitter, I had 100 followers on Twitter, maybe 50, I had my family basically, and I said,
look at Cedar Sinai parking lot.
It's completely empty.
It's completely empty.
And, you know, it just, it was empty.
And I was, of course, working in the hospital at the time and they furloughed the nurses.
The nurses had to take a third of their pay.
Actually, we doctors took a third of our paycheck.
Some techs got fired and nurses went down about a third as well.

[SPEAKER_07]
I think the only great thing that happened with the delay of care during the pandemic was kids weren't getting their childhood vaccines.
That was really the only great delay of care that occurred.
And the longer you push out these vaccines and the less you give at one time, the less likelihood you're going to develop autism and death.
So one good thing, maybe the only good thing,

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, it's interesting you were saying that about the hospitals being empty because I had spent about two to three weeks at my local hospital before COVID lockdowns hit.
And it was busy.
The emergency room was busy.
I was in there.
My son happened to be in the hospital for a while, and it was busy.
And then they locked us down.
And they said we were at the epicenter.
I was in eastern Connecticut, southeastern Connecticut, a suburb of New York City, and we were like the worst.
And I decided one day, I'm going to go drive by the hospital and just see for myself.
And it literally looked like it was closed.
There was no one there.

[SPEAKER_04]
So I did my residency training in New York.
So I stayed in touch with my colleagues in New York, even though I was in California.
And at least some hospitals, it really was really hard for about a month.
However, emergency physician work is unbelievably difficult all the time.
It's a joke that I never wanted to have to go to the bathroom.
I didn't want to have to pee during work because I didn't have a minute, so I wouldn't drink.
That was my strategy for the last 20 years of my life.
All of a sudden, for the first and only time in my career, we had nothing to do.
We were standing in the ER with nothing to do.
It was very bizarre.

[SPEAKER_07]
Surreal.

[SPEAKER_04]
And now you look back and you look at the numbers and the amount of money that the hospitals were being paid.
It's really shameful.

[SPEAKER_08]
And did you see some of those incentives in the hospital you were working at?
No.

[SPEAKER_04]
So it's very interesting being on this side of it now.
And see, if you might find this interesting, just because I was really truly on the front lines when this was happening, we were doing things that were so weird.
Once we got the COVID test, we were checking every single day on a patient.
That made no sense.
Once you had a positive result, for example, why would you ever check again?
I found out later that the double counting would count as two cases.
That was crazy.
And I found out later that there was tremendous, right?
And there was tremendous financial incentive to find COVID.
It wasn't just the numbers of cases, but if you put, if you admitted to the hospital and you had straightforward pneumonia, you had like mycoplasm pneumonia, for example, you got, I'm just, I'm approximating the numbers.
Not a bad case, for example, be about $5,000 to the hospital.
But if it became COVID, it was 13,000.
And maybe these were good intent policies.
People were scared about treating, et cetera.
But there was certainly a huge financial incentive to diagnose COVID.
So they were checking every single day.
And then they double counted.
And as you know, the PCR test was wildly inaccurate anyway.
But we never saw that in a hospital.
You would not check the same test once it was positive.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah.
And when did we ever test people to see if they were sick?
I mean, I remember going to Hawaii
That day I ran six miles and I had to go to the pharmacy to test to see whether or not I was sick to get on a plane.
When have we ever had to test healthy people that feel great to see if they're sick?

[SPEAKER_04]
And the whole concept of asymptomatic, I don't know what to say to this.
It's insane.

[SPEAKER_07]
As medical providers, it's just unbelievable.

[SPEAKER_04]
My book is coming out in a couple of months.
And the reason you can see the Marxism unfolding is in the hospitals, in general, people choose health care as a career.
They are more compassionate than average, I would say.
They are.
In journalism, I've been in health, I've been in law, you know, they just are.
So we were teaching nurses and doctors and techs to be cruel.
I absolutely saw it.
We taught them to be cruel.
We taught nurses to disregard a patient or a family.
And I think this has changed.
It's a big change.
Like 9-11 was a big change to the fabric of America.
I think this was a big change.
It was acceptable all of a sudden for nurses to keep out.
For example, we had one case where a woman came in.
She's about 78.
She had been married for 52 years.
That was her last hospitalization.
She died.
And we were not allowed to let in her husband of 52 years and their adult children.
It was lunacy.

[SPEAKER_07]
They died alone without a handle.

[SPEAKER_04]
But which nurses will stay in that environment?
You can't stay in that environment if you have any kind of compassion inside of you.
It's too painful.

[UNKNOWN]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
So I believe hospitals will eventually cannibalize themselves, quite frankly.

[SPEAKER_08]
You mentioned asymptomatic spread.
Was that a thing before COVID?

[SPEAKER_04]
No, it's not a thing.
I want to be super emphatic about that.
It's not a thing.
I don't know how else to say it.
It was completely fabricated.
I didn't watch the Fauci hearings.
I don't know if that question came up.
That is not a thing.

[SPEAKER_08]
I'm going to play a clip from Deborah Birx.
Yesterday, I think it was on CNN, and she talks about asymptomatic spread.
Check this out.

[SPEAKER_05]
We're seeing a lot of concerning reports about bird flu at the moment, the outbreaks in cows leading to tests in milk.
I'm getting questions from my friends who are also moms.
Is this safe?
Is it not?
What is the level of concern right now about that potentially becoming a pandemic?

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, thank you, Casey.
Because this is why I'm really concerned.
Because we're making the same mistakes today that we made with COVID.
And what do I mean by that?
We're not testing to really see how many people have been exposed and got asymptomatically infected.
We should be testing every cow.
weekly.
You can do pooled PCR.
We have the technology.
The great thing about America is we're incredibly innovative and we have the ability to have these breakthroughs.
We could be pool testing every dairy worker.
I do believe that there's undetected cases in humans because we're once again only tracking people with symptoms.
When we did that with COVID,
The virus spread throughout the Northeast undetected because it took a long time to get to the vulnerable individuals.
But in the meantime, thousands, hundreds of thousands of people were infected with asymptomatic or mild disease and never came to medical attention.
We have to switch from symptoms to actually definitive laboratory testing.
We have the capacity to do that today.

[SPEAKER_04]
Let me qualify how I said you asked me about asymptomatic spread.
Viruses exist.
They make people sick.
Before you get sick, you have a couple of days usually before you have symptoms.
So that is true.
But we don't have to hyper-react to that from a policy perspective where you run around and test people who are otherwise okay.
So I should have spoken like that.
You could live in permanent fear.
I mean, what are you hearing there?
You're hearing, oh my gosh, I need to go to the doctor.
I need to get checked.
I feel well, but maybe I'm not well.
And what about all the people who are not psychologically very strong, right?
Old people, young people, people with anxiety, people with depression.
You're literally causing them to retreat into their own
almost like fantasy world of bad news.
The boogeyman's coming to get me.
I think it's so irresponsible.
I will share a little anecdotal story that happened with Deborah Birx.
So in July of 2020, we were meeting with everybody, et cetera.
One of the people we ran into directly, five of us doctors, was Deborah Birx.
And I said, Dr. Birx, so great to run into you right here at the White House.
Can you please make sure that they
they make it clear, the FDA makes it clear that doctors can prescribe hydroxychloroquine off-label, it's no problem.
Because she knew as a doctor, of course you can prescribe off-label.
She says, of course you can prescribe off-label.
So I have this on my phone, I happened to have my phone on record during this.
She said, of course you can prescribe off-label.
I said, great, do you think you can come out with a position statement saying that because doctors are really getting hassled by pharmacies?
She said, oh, if they get hassled, this is an exact quote, just have them write down that they're going to Africa, like they're taking it prophylactically for malaria.
And I just stood there.
And when she walked away, one of my doctors said, did Dr. Birx just encourage us to tell doctors just to lie?
Like, was that literally what just happened?
So that's how much respect I have for her.

[SPEAKER_07]
They all lied.
They lied throughout the whole process.
Fauci lied.
All a big lie.
And I think
part of the reason for them wanting to test, test, test and scare everybody is because it helped us mold the way for the coercion of the vaccines.
If everybody's terrified of this virus that it's going to kill us and the clicker is going up as we're watching CNN and people that were getting in fatal car accidents were actually dying of COVID instead of the fatal car accidents, we were terrified into getting this not safe, not effective vaccine that did not stop the transmission.

[SPEAKER_04]
People ask me sometimes why I think this happened.
And I don't delve into that area too much because people have different opinions.
But what I will say is there's a lot of different interests that have coalesced.
So you just brought forward the interest of taking the shot.
And so there's a big financial interest for pharmaceuticals to do this, right?
And Bobby Kennedy will often say, well, maybe it's not even about the shot.
Maybe it's about selling all the medicines to treat all the harm from the shot, right?
So there's a financial interest.
I was much more worried about the fact we were turning Americans into very compliant humans who were getting ready to accept a vaccine passport.
For me, that was the grave threat, and we saw Americans just collapse, and it was very upsetting to me.
You may not know I'm the daughter of a Holocaust survivor.
And I don't understand how it's different to show me your papers due or show me your papers unvaxxed.
I don't see the difference.
It's divisive and it separates us into the other, the other, and then you start having all kinds of problems.
So I think the real agenda behind this was to get us to a place where we would accept being monitored and tracked, digital currency, et cetera.

[SPEAKER_07]
Well, speaking of that, the discrimination, you know, as far as medicine is concerned,
When I worked at this big trauma hospital by San Quentin, which, you know, we had a lot of prisoners come in, we did not discriminate against anybody.
I took care of mass murderers just as I took care of, you know, if it was the president of the United States coming in, everybody was treated exactly the same.
And all of a sudden with these vaccinations, oh, you can't get an organ because you're unvaccinated.
When do we ever do that in medicine where we differentiate and put people into boxes and categories?
It's unbelievable.

[SPEAKER_04]
So we had a similar background.
So I worked at a hospital that had a big prison contract.
So we had in California, Corcoran, it's like the very hardcore maximum security prison.
So one of my patients, this was public knowledge.
It's not a HIPAA violation.
One of my patients literally was in prison for life for murdering 27 people.
They thought he murdered more like 50.
And he was known in the press as the machete murderer.
That was his name.
Machete murderer.
So he was my patient.
We did exactly the same as anybody else.
There you go.
And all of a sudden, Dan Vax was treated worse than the machete murderer.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_08]
Unbelievable.
The corruption.
They keep talking about the next pandemic.
It's inevitable.
And we're in an election year.
And so what do you think is going to happen here?
We're hearing this asymptomatic spread again, this new bird flu, bird virus.
Where do you think this is going?

[SPEAKER_04]
So I would have thought it was a little too early to pull the same trick again.
But I could be wrong.
It just seems a little early.
It seems like enough people might say no.

[SPEAKER_02]
Too soon.
Too soon.
Too soon.
No, no, no.
There seems to be no depth.
I think we're stupid.
You think it can't possibly get any worse than this, and yet
You're proven over and over again that you were mistaken.
And, and it's crazy.
Like how many people, Dr. Gold, do you think
are still drinking the Kool-Aid in America.
You think it's 50 percent?
I don't know.

[SPEAKER_04]
No.
And the reason I don't think that is almost nobody is giving their kids the COVID shot, even though I shouldn't say almost nobody.
But the CDC is worried that kids are not getting the COVID shot, for example.
So they're not complying with that.
Nobody is running off.
Very few people are running off to get like their eighth booster.
So I don't know.
I don't think it's anywhere near 50 percent still believe the lie.

[SPEAKER_02]
But I've heard adoption adoption rates for the latest booster, like in the single digits, right?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, very low, very low.
But the problem is that Americans have proven themselves to be far too compliant.
But this is why I just think it's a little bit early to pull this trick again on Americans.
I think there's enough people that will come out hopping mad.
I mean, when I came out exactly four years ago,
people were like, well, I thought there's something wrong and finally somebody said it.
So if it happens again, we are a little bit more organized.
We have people who will speak and say something.
I don't know.
I don't know.
But the election is really what they're after.
So who knows?
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_07]
Speaking of election, Dr. Gold, it's a burning question everybody wants to hear about J6.
Not to change topics, but
It's a hot topic.
Everybody wants to know what happened.
What happened while you were there?
What happened afterwards?
All the corruption that they did to you and the way they treated you.

[SPEAKER_04]
So we'll talk about it for a few minutes.
I also do want to encourage everybody when my book comes out, it's all spelled out and it's like a legal thriller.
It's really enjoyable.
I can't wait.
So you just go to my website, drsimongold.com.

[SPEAKER_07]
When it comes out, let us know and we'll push it on Steve's Substack and that way

[SPEAKER_04]
There's a lot of data in there, too.
A lot of research.
It's all very well footnoted and researched.
And so I was actually an invited guest speaker.
I don't know if people even know that.
But I was invited guest speaker on J6.
To me, it was just another speaking engagement.
I talk about medical freedom, constitutional rights over your body, et cetera.
My body, my choice, remember?
So this is my speech, this is my thing, and the week of January 6th I actually had four speaking engagements, the fourth, the fifth, the sixth, I'm sorry, the fifth, the sixth, the fourth, the third, the fourth, the fifth, and the tenth.
So to me it was just another engagement and I was very happy to go because I knew there'd be
several hundred thousand people is what I thought.
When we presented ourselves to the designated permitted location, they didn't let any of the speakers speak.
By the way, there was two or three congresspeople that were scheduled to speak for that as well.
Marty Taylor-Green, Paul Goster, there was another one.
And they just didn't.
So I had my speech in hand and
like you as a nurse, I felt a tremendous urgency to speak.
For me, it was a life-saving mission.
So I said, well, I'm going to speak.
And I scampered up the steps to speak.
And no one could really hear me.
So I stopped after a couple of minutes.
But I mentioned that because I was at the top of the steps.
This was on the east side of the Capitol.
And by the time I was on the top of the Capitol steps, that moment, like the crowd was getting bigger and bigger and bigger.
Trump had finished speaking.
The crowd was descending.
So I was essentially trapped by the crowd.
And I'm just hugging the wall because I don't really love crowds.
And then the door swung open from the inside.
And there's video of me tumbling in.
You can actually see me tumbling.
I practically fall.
And that's me crossing the threshold.
And then while inside, there's only one entrance or exit that I can see.
And everyone's still pouring in.
So we're stuck.
And we just kind of wandered around in all the public areas.
And I thought, well,
I'm here, I'm going to give my speech.
And then there's plenty of me giving my speech inside and there you go.
And then at some point an officer taps me on the shoulder.
You've got to move.
And I look at him.
I was surprised because I was speaking and then I move on and I exit.
And that was my, that was your crime.
That was my crime.
So here's the thing as a lawyer.
There's video of all of this.
And I would have said before J6, if a criminal defendant had presented me with this video evidence, I would have said, well, this is exculpatory.
Because you can see that it's peaceful.
It's not violent.
There's no activity.
We've had a long history in our nation of many protests, the Kavanaugh protests.
They stormed into the building.
They went into the Supreme Court area.
We had Pocahontas.
I can't think of a real name.
Elizabeth Warren.
So she kind of incited, so I couldn't even think of her name.
She kind of incited a whole bunch of people to descend on the Senate.
We had Stephen Colbert, right?
You know, people in after hours.
So we have a long history of people being in the Capitol protesting.
So I would have said as a lawyer, well, gosh darn it, this is a sculpatory good.
I'm so glad I've got a client like this who did no damage and there you go.
They looked at the video and they saw something different, but I urge everyone to look at the video and decide for yourself.
And then, then the real punishment started.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yes.
How did your case go?
I mean, what was the, what were the charges leveled against you and.
Was there a jury or it was just judge or how did that work?

[SPEAKER_04]
There were five charges.
One was a felony.
It's a 20 year felony.
It's the 18 USC 1512 C2.
And this is a obstruction of evidence felony that was a law that was created by Congress signed by Bush.
to stop corporate bad actors following the Enron scandal when Arthur Anderson allegedly shredded evidence.
So Congress closed that loophole with Arthur Anderson.
They passed this statute and all legislative history indicates it's to stop corporate bad actors.
And George Bush, when he signed this 20-year felony, said it should never be used against civilian protesters ever.
He literally said that.
So they leveled that one and then four misdemeanors.
This is an example of overcharging and there's two kinds of overcharging in our society.
There's vertical overcharging and there's horizontal overcharging.
Horizontal overcharging is when you take a particular action, someone does, like they're in the Capitol for 20 minutes and you would think that would be one crime.
No, it turns out that there's five crimes.
That's horizontal overcharging.
Take one act and just kind of splice it into multiples.
So they charged me with entering and remaining and picketing and disorderly conduct, of which there was none.
and one other.
And then the vertical overcharging is charging for crime for which the prosecution does not have the evidence when they indict you.
People don't realize you don't wait for the jury or the trial to have the evidence.
You have to have the evidence before you indict the person.
So they vertically overcharge on this obstruction of evidence.
Of course, there was no obstruction of evidence, and they did it because they got everyone very scared over 20-year
felony.
So it was very effective because pretty much everyone, almost every, most people took a plea.
It's very difficult.
The conviction rate for J6 defendants on trials is 100%.
There was one who had to judge a bench trial who he dropped a couple charges.
But otherwise, it's 100%.
Now, conviction rates in general are very high.
They're like 90, 92%.
But in this District of Columbia, conviction rates are about 65%.
They're pretty suspicious of the prosecution and the officers.
So it's 100%.
So you actually really cannot go to trial.
And I took a plea.
And it's a little bit heartbreaking to take a plea, right?
It's a little bit heartbreaking.
But you take a plea.

[SPEAKER_07]
How did they treat you when you were you were in jail for what?
Was it 58 days?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yes.
So first of all, the judge gave me 60 days in prison, which is a jaw dropping assessment.
Let's not lose one of the problems with medicines like the amnesia that's going on.
Like how did it used to be?
OK, we did not ever put misdemeanor people in prison.
It just is not a thing.
So I was shocked when the judge gave me 60 days.
Absolutely floored.
And I was really shocked when the Bureau of Prison then assigned me to a maximum security federal penitentiary.
Oh, wow.
As if you're a murderer.
I'm lucky I wasn't male, right?
But it was very, very scary before I went in.
I was very scared.
When I got there, shockingly, they put me in isolation.
This was their COVID protocol, not because they didn't take the shot, not because of that.
This was their way to handle all females.
Where's Gloria Steinem when you need it?
The men went to a COVID ward, but just like in hospitals where they didn't want to staff up, they said, let's just shove the women in a closet for X number of days.
I was so lucky because I got out on the eighth day, but previously it had been 21 days.
And so I was in isolation.
And then when I went to the general population, blessedly, I did not feel at risk.
I think that's the plus side of being in a maximum security.
They take security really seriously.
But it was terrible.
It was terrible.

[SPEAKER_07]
I'm so sorry, Dr. Gold.
That is just heartbreaking, heartbreaking.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, it's awful.

[SPEAKER_04]
It's having the opposite effect, though.
It's having the opposite effect.
It's just making me more bold, not less.

[SPEAKER_07]
You're fierce.

[SPEAKER_08]
In the clip we played at the onset of the show, you were talking about war, but more of a psychological warfare.
Can you elaborate a little bit on this cognitive warfare that's going on right now against basically American citizens?

[SPEAKER_04]
Anyone who's read the book 1984, which I'm sure all of us have, and if you haven't, you should read it because it's what we're living.
It's really an information war.
If you can convince somebody to do something willingly, cheerfully, then it's much easier than having them to do it at gunpoint, quite frankly.
So we have propaganda that, I would say to you, rivals North Korea.
24-7, you have cable news telling you something, and people believe it after a while.
I remember in North Korea, I'd heard that they have speakers in their homes, and the speakers are constantly blaring out, our dear leader Kim Jong-un, and constantly 24-7, you're hearing this.
So I feel like that that's what the American people are being subjected to, both on the television and on social media.
And it has turned us into a very

[UNKNOWN]
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_04]
Kind of compliant.
People, now all people throughout history were very vulnerable to medical fears.
So if you go back to the French Revolution, there's Robespierre, Reign of Terror, and that was the Committee on Public Safety.
So he was killing people to be publicly safe, right?
So this is kind of an old trick.
People get very afraid, you know, Salem witch trials, right?
People get like afraid from a medical something, and then they kind of roll over.
We're seeing it at unprecedented scale because we have instant communications.
And I am not pessimistic though.
I'm not pessimistic.
I think that if people, I think people started to realize around the summer of 2020, so I think for a few months they were willing to go along with it, but then people started to feel like this is very strange.
And had there been
a source they could have turned to that they trusted, I think a lot of Americans would have stood up a whole lot sooner.
So my mission in life is to give people a trusted medical source.
And that's goldcare.com.
And I've been working on that round the clock for about two and a half years now.
And it's rolled out, goldcare.com.
And every single person hearing my voice needs to join.
We've made it really affordable.
You come for $10 a month.
and you get educated.
The real mission is that people will have a place to turn to.
I learned during the COVID years, people knew I was telling the truth, and then they would message us on Twitter, et cetera.
And then they would go off to a telemedicine company.
And through just me, really, about a million people got treatment.
So I know the hunger is there.
How much better could we have done if people had had that relationship prior to COVID?
They wouldn't have rolled over.
I think a lot of people were compliant because they literally didn't know.
Was it everybody?
No.
But if we had only had 20 or 30% of the population that said no, it would have been more than enough.
It would have been more than enough.
So goalcare.com, you have access to ethical, honorable doctors.
And by the way, most doctors have drunk the Kool-Aid.
So finding yourself an ethical, honorable doctor, that took me years.
But we have the whole nation covered, telemedicine everywhere, honorable, ethical doctors, and we do medical and naturopathic.
There's no bias towards the medical.
There's no bias away from the natural.
It's whatever you need.
So goalcare.com, I think, is the answer.
For me, this is one of the solutions.
I think we need solutions in many areas.
You need solution in the banking area, right?
So for me, that's Old Glory Bank, for example.
You need solutions in the medical area.
That's goalcare.com.
You need solutions in the media space.
They're coming.
They're coming.
We all have seen them.
You need solutions in the mines.
It's the other M is the education.
But people do have that option with homeschooling, et cetera.
We need to build the hills.
You want to run to a hill.
You want to hide behind a hill.
We need to build the hills.
Goal care is the hill for medicine.
And so I'm optimistic.
We just have to keep building these solutions.
People will come, and then we won't be able to be bamboozled quite as easily.

[SPEAKER_07]
And I think now is the right time because people are waking up and realizing the lies and the coercion and the corruption that has happened, even people that bought into it all these years.
And so now I think it's the right time for people to, that they're grasping onto this.
They need it.
America needs it.

[SPEAKER_04]
You know, you said, Steve, I forgot who said it earlier, but I don't think 50% of the people still believe the lies.
And it's also because these shots were bad and they didn't work.
So I knew even in, not in 2020, but I would say by 2021, I knew that if we just slowed them down, it would sort of right itself.
And in terms of this particular COVID shot, it did.
Like, it's not a mandate.
You don't have to take it.
So people have had personal experience.
Everyone knows people who got COVID after the shot.
So everyone, even if they're still voting poorly, knows the government lied on some level.
Everyone remembers that Walensky and Fauci and Redfield, they all said that it was going to stop transmission.
And everyone knows it's not.
It didn't.
So I'm optimistic from that point of view that everyone did see the lies without the media's help.
They saw it in their own life.

[SPEAKER_08]
And we're seeing more and more people publicly
like you mentioned today, another football player, Kansas City Chief, I believe, today on the field, cardiac arrest, which never used to happen.
And then we had a Hall of Famer die suddenly on vacation in Mexico, Larry Allen, and they still haven't, it's been a couple of days now, no cause.

[SPEAKER_04]
I think one of the things we all have to do is not allow the amnesia to go unchallenged.
I want every parent who has kids, who's raised kids,
to speak out and say, we never needed defibrillators in elementary schools and high schools.
This was not a thing.
OK?
We didn't.
People are growing up, and they're going to think, oh, well, of course we have a defibrillator in elementary school.
No.
I was a board certified emergency physician until I let my board go away two years ago, because they were going to come after me.
You know what I mean?
They're just so woke.
But for more than 20 years, I was board certified in the ER.
And we were talking beforehand, I don't think, I don't recall ever having a case of a child who died from a cardiac arrest without a reason.
So there could be a severe car accident or there could have been end stage cancer.
And I did have a child once, like an 11 or 12 year old who had
classic case had gotten into very cold water, heart had stopped, you know, it was like a near drowning.
I've never ever seen.
And I also had a case like yours where it didn't die.
Yeah, a ball into the chest.
But there's no scenario where children just drop dead.
And we literally as doctors and nurses have to attest to this because the public won't remember.

[SPEAKER_07]
Well, the thing is, as you have had to be as well, we've been certified in PALS and BLS and ACLS, and the major difference with
children and pediatric CPR is with adults, the first thing you do is call 911 because you know you need to get a defibrillator there because adults that go into cardiac arrest usually have cardiac issues, you know, as we get older and our lifestyles and drinking and smoking and, you know, unhealthy food choices.
But with children with CPR, you don't do that.
You don't call 911 right away.
You start CPR because it's usually not cardiac.
And so even
The medical systems know that.
And now, all of a sudden, we are having, you know, in my area, we've lost Oden Robinson, who was a 16-year-old boy after the Pfizer.
We've lost an 11-year-old.
We just recently had another kid die.
We've lost all these kids just in our small area, so much to the fact that the coroners and the pathologists are waking up and saying, gosh, we've never had so many kids die, and they want these cases investigated.
Even where Steve lives, there was just a kid
Um, you know, under a 17 year old that went into cardiac arrest, I've never seen kids dropping dead of aneurysms and cardiac arrest ever in my entire life.
And all of a sudden it's just normal, something that we see.
It's, it's criminal.
It really is.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
The, the, the stats here, uh, that you saw about what two deaths in 10 years, something like that in terms of child deaths before the vaccines.

[SPEAKER_04]
But I never saw, I would say I had zero child deaths without a clear explanatory reason.
I never ever heard of a child, not only did I never see a child, I would have heard about it from my colleagues if a child had come in with unexplained cardiac arrest.

[SPEAKER_07]
We talk about that in the hospital.

[SPEAKER_04]
We would totally talk about that amongst ourselves.
That would have been a shocking,
conversation we've had for like two years amongst ourselves.
I remember when that kid came in and there was no reason for him to die, like we totally would have talked about that.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, we do debriefings.
We gather as nurses and doctors to discuss these cases.
It's like, it's not something that goes unnoticed.

[SPEAKER_04]
I would say it's zero, Steve.
I don't recall any case of no reason.

[SPEAKER_02]
How many cases have you heard of, then, since the vaccines rolled out of kids dying for no reason?

[SPEAKER_04]
Like you.
Yeah.
All the time.
I mean, all the time.
I mean, you asked me specifically, I would say there's probably been a few hundred, and that's insane.

[SPEAKER_02]
Right.
So when you talk to your peers about this and say, come on, surely you can't ignore this, how do they respond?

[SPEAKER_04]
I think the world is dividing.
I don't really talk to those doctors anymore.
I don't believe, I don't think they have critical reasoning skills anymore.
Why I spoke out in 2020 was because I was having conversations with doctors and they were conflating safe
and effective, right?
They would start a conversation with me, well, I don't think hydroxychloroquine works.
And I'd say, well, great, we can debate that all day.
Well, I think it's not safe.
And then I knew that they had drunk the Kool-Aid because you couldn't possibly say hydroxychloroquine wasn't safe if you were a serious doctor.
That's ridiculous.
So I think the same thing has happened here.
I think either you can critically think or you can't.
If you couldn't decide in 2020 that hydroxychloroquine, which has been FDA approved, not only FDA approved for 65 years, but we have a FAERS, the FAERS, the FDA database on drugs.
It's one of the safest drugs on the planet.
It's over the counter all over the world.
And you're going to have one of my peers tell me, I don't know if it's safe.
I'm like, Whoa, dude, like you need to go back to school.
So I don't know why they I guess they don't see cardiac arrests.
They're just not critical, good critical reasoning skills.

[SPEAKER_02]
What?
Yeah.
So is it like, do you think that it's like 80% of your
the physicians that you know are in that?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, I'd love that question, Steve.
I think it probably is about 80%.
I think it's worse amongst doctors than average person.
I think the average person is more likely to have common sense than a physician.
And I attribute that to two things.
One is the medical training really does self-select for a certain kind of personality who's going to just jump through the hoops, A plus, A plus, A plus, A plus.
and you are given accolades for just kind of following the path.
That's one.
The second, and the one that you really could fix more quickly, but it's not going to happen, is doctors are employees, quite frankly.
So my dad's day, a doctor was never an employee.
Maybe 10% of doctors were employees in the 70s and probably less than that in the 60s.
And now it's about 85% of doctors are employees.
So the reason I know this is the critical factor
is when I launched America's Frontline Doctors, we took any doctor who wanted to come to us, who was competent and had been in the space, right?
We had an overabundance of some specialists and an underrepresentation of others.
So there was an overrepresentation of orthopedists and ophthalmologists.
Not only there was particularly hard residencies to get into, meaning they were top of the class, they also have private ways to make money privately.
Orthopedists own surgery centers frequently.
You know who never came to us?
We're pediatricians.
And I remember thinking, oh, I hate to break the bubble.
And if there's any pediatricians, listen to me.
But it's actually the easiest residency to get into.
It's OK.
I'm sorry.
But it's a fact.
So at first, I thought it's just, well, they were the worst students.
But still, even the worst student in medical school is usually pretty smart.
So you had to look at their paychecks.
That not only are they getting a lot of about a third of their income comes from complying with the vaccine schedule,
They're always employees.
There's hardly any pediatricians who own their own practice anymore.
So that is, I think, the key variable why doctors are worse than average.

[SPEAKER_07]
They need to keep their job, too.

[SPEAKER_04]
And they graduate with a huge amount of debt, right?
So you graduate with $250,000 in debt and you take a job and your employer tells you this and you're like, yes, sir.

[SPEAKER_02]
And of course they're told in medical school to always trust the authorities and that vaccines are safe.
And so they must look at this and believe that myocarditis is more often caused by the virus than the vaccine, even though that's not true at all.
And there was just a recent study
on that.
It's so incredible.

[SPEAKER_04]
This never happened though in medicine.
So in medicine, in the hospital, you do rounds and you're learning really on the spot with your attending physicians.
We never talked about what the CDC said or the NIH.
That was not relevant to bedside clinical practice.
Again, I was working in the hospital where we were going to be the Ebola receiving site.
And even then, we're like, OK, the CDC said this.
And it was just like one sentence.
But we then did our own thing.
I never saw such centralized lockstep listening.
And I think that that is also because medical schools have changed who they're bringing in.
I mean, when I got into medical school, you still had to be pretty clever.
And I don't know that that's the case anymore with DEI, et cetera.

[SPEAKER_08]
I wanted to follow up on something you were talking about digital currency and how that ties into digital passports, travel.
What do you think is happening there?
And is it also tied into this exploding exponential growth in our federal debt?
At some point, we know all fiat currencies collapse.
And so are they trying to get us off that in some controlling way?
What do you think is going on there?

[SPEAKER_04]
I think the end game is digital currency for sure.
Social credit scores and digital currency.
I've said that since day one.
I don't know why doctors in general didn't see that they kept focusing on the medical, but for sure that's where we're going.
I'm so worried about that.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, me too.
Got to have physical, tangible goods.
But is there any way out of this?

[SPEAKER_04]
So I'm not, I think our best shot is for really smart people in their lane to come up with solutions.
So for example, gold care,
We operate on a token system.
I don't know anything about crypto.
I am ignorant, right?
I'm smart enough to know I don't know it.
But what I did do is we set up Goalcare to use tokens.
So one day we switch over to crypto, it's like no problem.
So there have to be people in the money space who kind of look at this and come up with other solutions.
We need smart people to step up.
We have to build the hills.
Right?
And so the biggest one of all is the financial.
You know, I'm terrible with names.
Brexit, the gentleman in Nigel Farage.
Right?
So they debank him.
This is a huge problem.

[SPEAKER_00]
Huge problem.

[SPEAKER_08]
And now with the advent of...
AI just growing exponentially.
And I saw some fairly new demos a few weeks ago where it sees and describes you.
And so we're accepting surveillance under convenience, security of comfort.

[SPEAKER_04]
So by the way, the less safe, for example, our cities get, because we have people like George Soros prosecutors, right?
And DAs, rather, DAs.

[SPEAKER_06]
So the cities get less safe.

[SPEAKER_04]
Then the people start clamoring for the safety of surveillance.
How's that for trippy?
So I believe for me, my mission is to do what I can to wake up as many Americans as possible.
Americans do want a doctor they can trust, come to GoldCare, and in that relationship, you will have a truthful person who can help advise you through these things.
And that's hopefully my contribution.

[SPEAKER_07]
You're doing great work.
And with everything that you have been through, you amaze me as a female leader.
I mean, the obstacles that you've had against you.
I was just talking to actually your security who's sitting next to you, but people can't see.
There was an incident where you couldn't fly because of J6.

[SPEAKER_04]
This is a good one.

[SPEAKER_07]
Can you tell the story?
I'm not, are you comfortable talking about this story?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yes, Steve, I don't think you know this story.
This is quite the story.

[SPEAKER_07]
And also what happened to your security?
I mean, just unbelievable.
It makes me worry a little bit about speaking out when you do this sort of thing.
These are the types of things that can happen.

[SPEAKER_04]
I want to say that I think that there's a transitional period and then after that they realize they can't get you.
Like I actually feel much
I felt more vulnerable before, but now they've really thrown everything at me.
So one of the scariest episodes in my life, the first I suppose, was when a huge SWAT team came to arrest me like I was El Chapo.
So 20 guys, huge weapons from as far apart as we are, pointed laser beams at my chest.
Equally scary in a different way was the government put me on a no-fly list and a patriot had loaned us a plane because I had a lot of speaking engagements.
One of them was actually Clay Clark.
They loaned us the plane.
It's a small plane.
We had it for about a week with a professional pilot.
We get to the last location and we had to make a fuel stop in a little small town called Pueblo, Colorado.
I didn't even get off the plane.
My son, another co-worker was with me, myself, three of us, and the pilot.
The pilot and my John got off the plane to go to the bathroom and as they're coming back,
All of a sudden, six buff, handsome guys looking like undercover cops approach the plane.
And next thing I know, there's a German shepherd on my plane, on the plane.
And I'm like, what is going on?
And I shrieked and I got up and kind of pushed him down.
person on the ground says, we have a positive narcotics hit and my blood ran cold.
I had said to my team, if they ever want to take Dr. Gold down, it's going to be to plant narcotics on me.
That's the way to get me, right?
I would look very untrustworthy.
So we said, we've got a positive narcotics hit.
You've got to exit the plane.
We've got to do a search.
I said, hell no.
You don't have a search warrant.
Oh, we don't need a search warrant.
Hell no.
Yes, you do.
And I called every criminal lawyer.
And we're on the plane.
And I'm filming everything.
But it's a narrow stairway to go down.
And they're on the bottom.
And I'm on the top.
And they realize they're going to have to pull me off.
And it's going to get really ugly.
So it's a total standoff, though, because at the end of the day, they're not going to let me get away with it.
But it was going to be bad, right?
So I didn't know how, how would you get out of this situation?
Right?
It's difficult.
I thought I was so smart, I didn't come up with a solution.
My minor son, a little genius that he is.

[SPEAKER_07]
How old was he?
He was 17.

[SPEAKER_04]
And I said, what are we going to do?
Like I'm filming it, like that's all I can think of to do is to film the thing.
And he says, you know, mom, I think he's very cool.
I think you should call a local man in blue to watch them.
I said, oh, because the idea that they'd have a federal and a state
and the local guy in on it is like zero or very low, right?
I said, that is brilliant.
So we invited him on and he watched it.
So he called 911.
We called 911.
A local officer showed up.
They watched the search.
Nothing was found.
And since then, I've traveled with security because I don't want to hold my own bags.
That was by the way, they would not give me their business cards.
They would not give me a report.
We spent two weeks afterwards trying to track down.
Can't find any report of this.
Now, I've got video of it and I've got pictures of it.

[SPEAKER_07]
But no reports.
So they literally tried to frame you for drugs to lock you up.
I think so.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
I think so.

[SPEAKER_07]
And then what happened to your...

[SPEAKER_04]
But first of all, how did they know I was there?
Yeah.
They were following our plane.

[SPEAKER_07]
Well, we're all being watched.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, in that case, I think it was me in particular, but...

[SPEAKER_07]
And then what happened to your security with the bags?
Didn't he?
Oh, that was the other story.
Yeah.
He's sitting right there.
If you want to come in and wave and say hi on the camera, you're more than welcome.

[SPEAKER_04]
I forgot about that one.
So the reason I was on a private plane, thank god for AJ.
Hi AJ.

[SPEAKER_07]
I've been an officer for many years.

[SPEAKER_04]
So we, we were due to, I was due to fly from Houston to Tampa.
I was meeting with General Flynn and it was the first time I would be meeting him.
And when I arrived at the plane, because I knew I was going to be hassled, I actually came empty handed to the airport.
I had nothing.
I thought that was genius because, you know, they'd be quicker to get through.
Like they try to swab everything and like, great, I've got nothing.
But I think it made them like suspicious because you should have something, right?
I had nothing.
My son and AJ had come on their own because we were on different, we had different things to do and they get through and I get through and then we're together eating and then we walk to the plane and they
They pull us off to screen us again.
And I said, why are you screening us again?

[SPEAKER_07]
And they accused me.
You had already gone through security.

[SPEAKER_04]
Massive security.
Pat down, swab, like I'm a criminal.
It's terrible.
It's not normal.
Not normal, yeah.
No, no.
We have to arrive at the airport like four hours early.
So we'd already gone through it.
So he pulls me off to do it again.
I said, well, you know you're doing this just to...
Just a harassment.
I'm going to miss the plane.
He didn't care.
So we ended up in litigation then with the TSA.
You missed the flight.
Totally missed the flight.
And they put my minor son on the no-fly list and they put my security on that list.
And then they put my security's wife, who I'd never even met, on this list.
There you go.
And there is no recourse, by the way, because I fight hard and you could not get to the bottom of it.
You cannot get TSA to admit anything.

[SPEAKER_07]
What they did was wrong.
Did he end up being fined?

[SPEAKER_04]
They attempted to levy a $13,000 fine on me and on my son and on AJ.
And we fought that.
And eventually, they just disappeared.
Wow.
They just gave up.

[SPEAKER_02]
But you're still on no-fly list?

[SPEAKER_04]
No.
I didn't know what would happen.
When I got out of prison, I'm no longer on a no-fly list.
There you go.
See, I think after a while, it's a little bit like in 1984, protagonist Winston, it's like, they already got me, they did what they had to do.

[SPEAKER_07]
They've already beat you down as far as they can, they can't do anything else.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, I think so.
But liberals and conservatives should really be united on these issues.
I'm quite liberal.
I always have been.
I met a Washington Post reporter who's completely opposite me politically, but she's Muslim.
Maybe she's Egyptian Christian.
I'm not sure she's Muslim, but she has a very Arabic name.
So she's been on this list for 10 years.
She says, oh, I know.
It's terrible.
I said, why can't we guys unite on this?
This is just absurd.
It's the government run amok.
It's the administrative state.
And the thing is, there was no getting to the bottom of it.
We litigated with them, but you never could...
They didn't have to answer.
It was peculiar.
Unbelievable.

[SPEAKER_08]
Really difficult to challenge the government.
Was it the FBI?

[SPEAKER_04]
This was TSA under the Department of Homeland Security and TSA.

[SPEAKER_08]
And they're so rude most of the time going through.
That's at least my experience.

[SPEAKER_04]
So I'll tell you something funny.
I will try not to curse, but I will repeat what happened.
So when we got the paperwork from the TSA, Laura called me up today.
Well, this is what they say.
They say that you said you're a MFer.
But I said, oh, you know, I don't remember that.
I said, but it sounds like something I would have said at the time.
Because I said, the problem is that I said you're an MFer, not that you're actually an MFer.
That's where we are as a society.
The problem is that I said it, right?
That's the problem.

[SPEAKER_02]
Were there recordings of all this?

[SPEAKER_04]
So this is the thing, they were saying I walked into the airport holding bags that didn't go through this special screening.
They actually had video of me walking into the airport empty handed.
I think one of the solutions is to walk around with a GoPro.
Remember all the, you know, years ago we didn't want to, you know, cops didn't, we felt like they were being accused, but actually it's been very helpful for police officers.
And I'm seriously thinking about putting a GoPro and walking around with a GoPro all my life because every time people come to frame me, and it's happened a freaking lot, wait till you read my book,

[SPEAKER_06]
I have massive emails that show that I've been telling the truth always and I've always said it.

[SPEAKER_04]
I walked into the airport empty-handed and they had the video.
I didn't have the video.
I said to my lawyer, he says, are you sure you walked in empty-handed?
I'm like, I definitely walked in empty-handed.
It was my total intention.
He says, you know, he was a smart guy because they probably have video then because they video of everything.
So we got video of me walking in empty-handed.

[SPEAKER_02]
If you're wearing the GoPro, you're not going to be able to see what you have in your hands.
I think I'll show it.

[SPEAKER_07]
Just put your hands in front of you.

[SPEAKER_04]
I'm just saying that one of my pieces of advice for people is that if you're legitimately telling the truth, you actually want the documentation.
We've grown up in a society that's like, don't write it down, don't document it.
It's actually, in my case, because I am always telling the truth, it's been crazy helpful.
I've been in a lot of litigation in the last three and a half years, and it turns out a treasure trove of emails that completely back up everything I say.
So if you're genuinely telling the truth, I'd say that documentation and video is your best friend.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yep.
Absolutely.
So we'll be able to tune into the Dr. Simone Gold live stream 24 by seven.

[SPEAKER_07]
GoPro.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, it's a GoPro.
I'll tell you, I wish there are only two dollars a month folks.
Sign up now.
Special deal.

[SPEAKER_04]
I wish I'd had that on the Pueblo, Colorado aircraft.
You know, that was a very scary moment.
I wish they'd been live streaming true like Truman, the Truman Show.
I wish I had been like the Truman Show at that moment.

[SPEAKER_07]
So scary.
I think that's the scariest time that I've experienced since the pandemic was when
Steve released the data for Barry Young at MIT and he was in UK and he was on the Russell Brand show and he was testifying with Andrew Briggins and while Steve was there, Barry Young gets arrested for releasing the data to Steve and Steve is, I think that you're just
you think everybody's good and Steve is like, I didn't do anything wrong, no problem.
And I'm like, Steve, you don't understand what we're dealing with.
And I don't think I slept with you for a week.
Do you remember how much of a mess I was?

[SPEAKER_08]
You were distraught.

[SPEAKER_07]
I was so distraught and I was contacting attorneys all over the place, freaking out that they were going to
get Steve coming back from UK to the US and I mean the whole team knows I was crying I was just I was a hot mess and when he got on that plane I literally felt like
just such a relief and just so, I just wanted to cry tears of happiness because I was so worried that they were just going to go after Steve unlawfully as if he did something wrong, which all he was doing was trying to save the world.

[SPEAKER_04]
Steve, I want to tell you that it's been heartbreaking to see what happened to my physician peers, but in my J6 trial, I saw a prosecutor's lie, 100% lie, not mistaken, absolute proof.
It's in my book, absolute proof.
And it's kind of heartbreaking.
They lied in a way to, it wasn't framing me.
I was there.
You know what I'm saying?
That was legitimate.
But they lied in how they said it.

[SPEAKER_07]
The circumstances.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, in my particular case, they tried to say it didn't help an officer who was assaulted when the officer had given a testimony three days after J6 that he had never been assaulted.
That was in the government's evidence.
They're corrupt.
Yeah, it's quite tragic.

[SPEAKER_07]
You can't trust the judicial system.

[SPEAKER_08]
It's quite tragic.
I got a couple of questions I can ask from the audience.
First one from GMC70, where can we obtain truthful safety data for all vaccines?
In New York, they require the MB, I'm assuming that's meningitis vaccine, in order to attend their senior year.
I am really hesitant on it and will try and seek an exemption.

[SPEAKER_04]
OK, so here's some free information.
You're not going to get one in New York.
I happen to know that.
I invite the listener, and I'm not joking, come become a member of goalcare.com because we will teach you.
You need a one-on-one consult for your particular question, the meningitis vaccine, and we have it.
We have it.

[SPEAKER_08]
Great, so go to goldcare.com.

[SPEAKER_04]
There's ways to get religious exemptions.
It's better for you than a medical exemption.
You're not going to get a medical exemption, especially in New York.

[SPEAKER_07]
Same thing in California.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, same thing.

[SPEAKER_04]
As you know, California, they threaten the doctors.
They'll lose their license.
But you still can get religious.
And sometimes you need a medical backup to the religious.
But you need somebody honorable to walk you through it.
So we have a consult set up just for that, just to educate you and empower you so you can get what you need.

[SPEAKER_08]
Question from DR Laura.
You may or may not have answered this.
Have you seen any evidence that people who may be asymptomatic carriers of infectious diseases can actually be fully infectious or their viral loads too low?

[SPEAKER_04]
The viral load usually goes with symptoms.
So if you have a high viral load, you're way more infectious and you also have a lot of symptoms.
People are definitely infectious a couple of days before they have full symptoms.
We know this.
You don't have to be a doctor to know that.
You know you feel kind of run down for two days before you really get full on sick, right?
So you are actually infectious in that time, but are you going to live in fear of that?
Are you going to shut down the economy because of that?
I'm sorry that they're listening to asking that question.
I would say kind of rewind to back before 2020.
Was that a concern you had before 2020?
So you've been propagandized and so you've kind of internalized it yourself and you've sort of changed how you're thinking and your thoughts, your feelings about it.
And when you catch yourself doing that, just rewind to would this be something I would have cared about before 2020?

[SPEAKER_07]
Dr. Laura was asking another question about your plea deal.
Did that involve a felony?
If I remember correctly, you were able to get out of having a felony by taking that plea deal.
Yes.

[SPEAKER_04]
So one of my little fun things is sometimes, you know, mean people on Twitter, convicted felon.
I'm like, no, sorry.
Hate to break the news to you, just misdemeanor.
I mean, I did get 60 days, but it was a misdemeanor.
It was dress fast, dress fast, 60 days a maximum for dress fast.
So crazy, it's crazy.

[SPEAKER_08]
Here's an interesting question from Gary Hawkins too.
Have you seen the series called Utopia?
That's A, part of the question.
And B, do you see any signs of the whole jab scenario being maybe primarily secretly sterilization as in that series?
It was John Cusack, and it involved a virus and basically to depopulate.

[SPEAKER_04]
I mean, I definitely think that there's people that for whatever reason think that human life is a problem.
So they're trying multiple strategies to reduce it.
I don't get why you would think that.
I think it's a God versus no God thing.
I mean, those kinds of huge questions have to be left up to God.
And if you don't believe in God, I guess you think you have to solve those problems.
I don't know why people are so focused.
I do think there's a lot of people who are working to kind of sterilize people.
I mean, look at the transgender issues that they're doing.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.
Here's one from Chopper42069.
Has gain of function research been done on the bird flu?

[SPEAKER_04]
Oh, gosh, I guess we'll find out in five years.
We'll find out in four years when Fauci testifies.

[SPEAKER_08]
Right, right.

[SPEAKER_04]
I think you can assume yes.
Yes, of course.

[SPEAKER_08]
Must be.
Here's a question for Steve.
Is it possible that a data collection could be put together from citizens around the country from each county?

[SPEAKER_02]
A data collection, you mean like of adverse events, or what's the?
He didn't specify, but I would say I'm assuming it is adverse events.

[SPEAKER_07]
You've kind of done that a little bit, Steve, haven't you?
You've been asking for people to.

[SPEAKER_02]
I've been collecting it from people.
But the problem is that the Vera system has been around for 30 years or so.
About 20 years ago, they actually had a way to improve the system and the CDC rejected it because it was too accurate.
But in general, the whole thing of having a database, it's non-trivial and the expense to create something like that is pretty big.
And people I think don't appreciate how complex it is.
And if you spent any time like I have in querying the various database, you realize that, oh my gosh, you know, this thing is just very, very complex to.
To get it right the way they do it and the problem with fairs is that it's it's a voluntary reporting and they should be doing specific outreach so that they have a set of say a hundred thousand people who have signed up and they poll them and they Find out what the rates are because with fairs you can't get the absolute rates whereas you could with the system where you did Polling like the v-safe system and of course the v-safe system.
We know it's a eight percent
serious adversity vent rate.
So look, you know, like, why do we need anything more than that?
Yeah, I was going to say that should be a showstopper.
How can you have?
How can you have 8% of the people who get the shot?
Seek medical attention.
Dr. Gold, maybe you can quantify that for us, that if you give someone a medical intervention, what kind of, you know, you prescribe some sort of medicine or pill or whatever.
I mean, pill, so vaccines are supposed to be safer than any kind of pharmaceutical product.
Now, a pharmaceutical product that caused 8% of the people who get it to have to seek medical attention, that would be withdrawn from the market immediately, wouldn't it?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
And I wanted to share, first of all, you said a couple of really important things.
One is that vaccines are supposed to be safer than drugs.
That's because you're giving them to healthy people.
And people's risk assessment, the personal risk assessment,
If you're healthy, it's different than if you're sick.
If you've got cancer, you've got a disease, heart disease, whatever you have, you're more likely to say, okay, great, I'll take a risk because, you know, I've got a problem.
But if you're healthy, it's got to be very safe.
Under President Gerald Ford, when they came out with the swine flu vaccine, everybody got very panicked about the swine flu vaccine.
You probably know this.
But I think it was at the 25 deaths, they pulled it, they black boxed it.
They said that this is too unsafe because 25 people had died.
So the listener's question about making our own databases, it's an enormous task, it's huge.
So I think it's unrealistic, but it reveals that the American people don't trust the centralized systems that we have in place.
Our government should be releasing raw data so multiple scientists and researchers can look at the raw data.
That's how you know if it's true science, if it's reproducible.
That's like classic science research.
Yeah, and they're not hiding anything.
And does another scientist able to reproduce it?
Like that's exactly how you know something, it has to be reproducible.
A lot of times doctors want to be famous and they'll say something, but if no other doctor can reproduce it, it's not a thing.
So we need to see the raw data, but we're learning that the American people don't trust like our institutions.
And I forgot what my third point was, but yes, no, 8% is unbelievable.
I don't even, I mean, that's like a catastrophic,
Catastrophic.
Catastrophic.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
Yeah.
And you know, this is one of the 20 things that Dell said, yeah, when we released that vSafe data, we thought for sure that would end it.
It had to.
No sane person could say that an 8% of people who had to seek medical attention after getting the shot.

[SPEAKER_04]
There were so many lies.
First of all, you know what really bothered me?
So I have two sons, right?
So I got really especially upset with the myocarditis.
So the myocarditis data had come out in the shots were legal at December, January.
So by April,
It might have been March, but April 21, for sure, Israel had already published that myocarditis was happening.
So I was kind of nervous because it was happening more in boys.
And then I started hearing people say, it's not that severe, myocarditis.
And I'm like, who even talks like that?
I mean, there's a range.
You can have a heart attack that's worse than a heart attack.
That's not as bad.
It's true.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_02]
You don't want anything from the vaccine.
But it could have been worse if he wasn't vaccinated.

[SPEAKER_04]
It's just the language, the language of people.
Like, you know, even in a mild case of myocarditis, you're going to the doctor multiple times, you're getting EKGs, you're on meds, you have to be off athletics.
Yeah.
I didn't like that people were all of a sudden.
So for me, this was Marxism because Marxism values the collective over the individual.
And all of a sudden we're hearing all of our Americans like, well, the individual doesn't matter.
This one little individual, oh, he gets sick, no big deal.
He's expendable.
I don't think we ever had that in America before.
So this collectivism, think, has crossed over.
And one of the things I did in my book is I wrote down different things that different news and people like Mika said.
And when you look at them carefully, they fell into three different categories.
And one of them was valuing the collective over the individual.
And then there's kind of moral authority.
But this valuing the collective over the individual is really a problem.
It's really a problem that Americans, I think, have kind of accepted that.

[SPEAKER_07]
especially when the virus has literally almost a 0% chance of killing them.
We're going to put them at risk.

[SPEAKER_04]
But they're saying the individual is expendable.
But everything about America was predicated on the individual.
Emphasizing the individual's rights has given us creativity and wealth for the whole world.
We got that not because we emphasize the collective.
We got it because we emphasize the individual.
So it's very scary to hear Americans, people on the news, just dismissing the individual.

[SPEAKER_08]
Along those lines, I'd like to get your opinion on this tweet that just came through to me, where it says, 194 World Health Organization member states have agreed to begin arresting and prosecuting citizens who speak out against the bird flu vaccine as part of tough new measures designed to stomp out so-called misinformation.

[SPEAKER_04]
I didn't know this.

[SPEAKER_08]
Steve, what's your take on that?
You're a top misinformation super spreader.
They're going to arrest anyone speaking out about this.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, well, you know, look, any time that you engage in censorship or any kind of intimidation, you know that the person that's doing that cannot defend what they're doing.
And so they have to resort to that.
It's just it's just awful.
I mean, it all should be resolved through public dialogue and discourse.
And it's it censorship is never the way we've solved any problem in the past that I'm aware of.

[SPEAKER_07]
Never.

[SPEAKER_04]
That's a very scary.
So we've put the who a little bit on the back burner for now, but they'll be back trying to get control over our legal process.

[SPEAKER_08]
How's your time, Dr. Gold?
I'm enjoying this.
Oh, great.
Because I wanted to ask Steve about his experience in Geneva.
Here's a photo of him at the International Freedom Rally in Geneva.
And we're actually going to play Steve's speech there at the end of the show.
So stay all the way to the end, and you'll get to hear Steve's great speech there.
But I wanted to get Steve to tell us a little bit about his experience there.

[SPEAKER_02]
It was great.
There were about 100 people that were invited to the event.
There was a workshop the first day and the second day we went to speak at this rally that was being set up.
And we got there.
It was pretty much uneventful.
They had security.
There were no security incidents.
Nobody's trying to get us.
The audience, the people there, about maybe 1,000, 2,000 people gathered to watch the event.
It was conducted in French, German, and English.
And so he had speakers from all over the world speaking.
And I'd say most of the attendees were probably locals.
But a lot of inspiring speeches.
Jessica Rose gave a phenomenal rap performance that everybody was raving about, including me.
Something I don't see from Jessica very much.
She's known for her technical skills in analyzing data.
And so to see her doing a rap music was quite unique.
I had no idea.

[SPEAKER_08]
I knew she was a surfer.
I didn't know she was also a rapper.

[SPEAKER_02]
No, I didn't know either.
And I actually didn't think it would turn out that well, but I was pretty impressed with your very clever lyrics.
And people seem to really like that.
And it's gathering with the people there and sharing stories and finding out, getting all your questions answered like anything that you wanted to know.
There was an expert there that was there that you could ask.
And I met people that I had never
I met before in person, including Jessica, I'd never met her in person.
She wrote me afterwards and she says that I was much nicer in person than she thought I would be.
So there you go.

[SPEAKER_04]
True.
I've never, I've not met her either.
We've just emailed and communicated.

[SPEAKER_07]
She's amazing.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, one other thing that, you know, I said, you know, the red light stuff I thought was really, really interesting.
So Ryan Cole was,
was showing me his portable unit.
It costs $1,800.
It's a near infrared.
And it's a handheld device.
It's like the size of my hand plus about this much is about the size of the unit for $1,800.
And it generates waves that will penetrate through your entire arm.
It goes about six inches deep.
And it's supposed to be phenomenal, um, for, um, uh, rejuvenating, uh, cells and activating cells.
And, um, you know, so there, um, uh, uh, uh, Dr. Cole says it's basically, he uses it primarily for injuries and it speeds up, uh, injuries.
So, you know, stuff like that, that, that I'd never seen firsthand, I actually got to, I had a sore spot, I think on my neck and I tried it and it seemed to have, uh,
relieved the pain somewhat, but it's hard to tell because you don't have a good A-B test.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, we'll just we'll just see which which version is censored and then you'll know the truth.

[UNKNOWN]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, there you go.
Yeah, there's one.
Yeah, yeah, that it's that it's unsafe.
Well, it's like the Midwestern doctor wrote this substack recently on sleeping medicine.
And there's this.

[SPEAKER_04]
I read that.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
Uh, sorry.
Who said that?
That was incredible.

[SPEAKER_04]
Did you know about that?
I read, I read that.
I did not know.
He's unbelievable.
And that was, it was like 50 pages, that thing.
And I read it was long.
He spent a long time on that.
And I grew up as an ER doctor, gamma hydroxybutyrate.
And I just thought it was terrible.
And yeah.

[SPEAKER_02]
Right.
So what's your opinion now after reading that article?

[SPEAKER_04]
It comes down to this.
I can't research everything myself, so you have to find sources that you trust, and I've learned that He's accurate.
And I used to speak like that years ago.
People used to trust the Bible, and then people have gotten away from that, right?
So you have to find the sources that you trust.
I do actually still trust the Bible.
I think it has a lot of wisdom.
And then you find these experts.
And so far, I find him to be trustworthy.
So I'm going with him.

[SPEAKER_07]
I just want to know who he is.
I know.
I want to know who he is.
I know you do.
And you've kept that secret for so long, Steve.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, I'll probably die with that secret.

[SPEAKER_07]
You will die with that secret.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, you could tell him I just joined, but I joined under pseudonym.

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay.
Yeah, I'm very impressed with him.

[SPEAKER_07]
I think you and Dr. Corey are the only two people that know who the Western doctor is.

[SPEAKER_04]
He doesn't want the TSA after him.
No, I don't blame him.

[SPEAKER_02]
Apparently not.

[SPEAKER_04]
But I, you know what, I, but so, so one of the things that I wanted, it's actually Peter Hotez, but don't, don't tell anyone.

[SPEAKER_02]
The Peter Hotez alter ego.
It's Hotez being honest.
It's what Hotez would write if he was honest.

[SPEAKER_04]
It's too much logic and proofs of it step by step progression.
But, you know, I want goldcare.com to get big enough so that we can hire doctors so that they're not really enslaved.
Because I think that there's I think there's a lot of there's plenty of doctors that would like to not be in that system.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
But can you really do that?
Right.
Because they regulate
Um.
You know, they regulate this so tightly that it seems like it's impossible for you to create an alternative system.

[SPEAKER_04]
It's not impossible, because I have deep insider knowledge that is available to anyone.
One of those pieces of data is that the vast majority of people who are in the hospital don't need to be in the hospital.
Vast majority.
Not majority, vast majority.
I'm saying over 90%.
How do I say that?
The front door to the hospitals these days is the ER.
You don't really have direct admissions anymore.
People who come to the ER, the average 85% of them or 84% of them get admitted to a med search floor, about 13% get admitted to tele, which is the monitoring, and about 2% get admitted to the ICU.
So ICU patients, I grant you, need to be in the hospital, okay, or they need something.
Everybody else could be managed differently.
I'm not saying we have that set up yet right now, but virtually all of the med search could be handled at home if they had reliable doctors and nurses they could consult with.
And the tele stuff also could be handled in an outpatient setting if there was an alternative.
So I'm saying all that because the most regulated is the hospital, but the hospital is really the biggest problem.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, but the problem is that if you were to do things like treat someone and give them ivermectin, the medical boards will come after you and take away your license to practice medicine.
And so I don't see how you can.

[SPEAKER_04]
I do.
You just don't know me well enough.
And I'll tell you a couple of them off air, but I have solutions for that.
So there are solutions for that.
One solution, for example, is separating getting the meds from the moment you need them.
For example, if when COVID came, everyone had hydroxychloroquine in their home, it wouldn't have been such a problem.
Africa, they had it.
They didn't care what the TV said.
So I think people who are awake, they come to goal care.
We're going to arm them with medicine so that they can be self-sufficient.
Does that mean you never need a doctor in person?
No, you do sometimes, but you can cut it a lot.
You can cut it down a lot.
So I have many tricks like this.

[SPEAKER_02]
So.
We're going to take away your license.
And they'll basically take away the license to practice medicine for everybody in your entire business.

[SPEAKER_04]
So that's not true?
No, that's false.
And the reason I say that is I went up against the California Medical Board.
I was public enemy number one.
I'm not saying every doctor is willing to do this.
I know they're not.
But I went up against them and I prevailed.
And the process itself takes a while.
So for example, why not have doctors who are close to retirement do the prescribing?
There's lots of little creative solutions that can happen.
Goldcare.com is filled with workarounds that could only have been created by a true insider.

[SPEAKER_08]
Wow, I think you might answer this question right there from a putney is gold care just for kovat or do they treat for all medical conditions?

[SPEAKER_04]
I love that question.
We are we are getting doctor in your pocket for everything all 50 states telemedicine.

[SPEAKER_02]
How could you do that for you said it was for $10 a month.
How can you do that?

[SPEAKER_04]
That doesn't sound right member and then pay as you go.
And the pay as you go fee is flat out transparent, visible, you see what it is.
So the $10 a month gets you access to the goal care doctors and wellness team and all the educational resources.
And then you pay as you go.
You set up like a 30 minute appointment.

[SPEAKER_02]
And can you give us like what would the cost for a 30 minute appointment?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yes, the price that we price the doctors out at doctors who will prescribe because we understand the thing you mentioned Steve doctors who will prescribe or $200 for 30 minutes.
So our first appointment should be 30 minutes after that's usually 15 and everybody else is a subset of that.
So we have nutritionists, we have PAs, we have NPs, we're spiritual advisors, we have coaches, we have naturopaths.
But the maximum is $200 for 30 minutes and it's upfront.
You know, that's what it is and all you're paying for is the doctor's time Is that covered by insurance See Steve, it's it's not it's like you haven't known who I am Why would you go to insurance if the insurance is trying to kill you and control you?
I

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, I'm just asking a question.
I'm not trying to be judgmental here.
I'm just asking a question.
Is it covered by insurance?
People want to know.

[SPEAKER_04]
No.
The reason we priced it like this, the reason we priced it at $10 is people need to understand that the insurance industry does not have your best interest at heart.
You sometimes get helped, sometimes you don't.
You're getting helped is really Russian roulette.
Maybe it happens, maybe it doesn't.
We saw Medicare policies where they literally tried to kill people.
They would put them on not just the remdesivir, but also if you were
The hospital got a bonus of you on remdesivir and not on ivermectin.
I can come up with no reason other than they wanted to kill the Medicare patients.
That doesn't make sense to me.
So what everyone needs is they need a gold care doctor, and if they want to keep their insurance, great.
Go get armed and educated from a truth-telling doctor who will inform you about your situation, and then you can go advocate for yourself with your Medicare doctor, for example.
I want every Medicare recipient to come to Gold Care.
Some of our people, like we have some Medicare people and one of them, she always makes an appointment every time she gets hospitalized.
She's got bad emphysema.
So she calls us from the hospital and we do a consult because she wants to know that our hospital is doing the right thing.
It's the best use ever of Gold Care.
That's what we want to do.
I will also share with you that I have had no health insurance for more than 10 years because I always knew it was a racket.
And that is a shocking statement.
People think, well, how can that be?
You seem like a responsible person.

[SPEAKER_05]
at least before he became a quack.

[SPEAKER_04]
But yeah, I knew it was a problem.
So you can have health shares.
There are legal alternatives.
So we educate you on this.
So we want you to come join for $10, and we will show you if you want to keep your insurance, if you don't want to keep your insurance, if you've got Medicare, if you don't have Medicare.
We work with it all.
We show you how.

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, so I mean, health shares are effectively a form of insurance.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, they're well, they function in the person's life like a financial safety net, if that's what you're saying.
That is correct.
And I've had a health share for many years.
Many years, they're much, much better.

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay, so so I can't bill my insurance for my visit at Gold Care.

[SPEAKER_04]
No, but it's very inexpensive.
Right?
I mean, you get like, like, it depends on how much time you need.
So almost nobody needs an excessive amount of time.
And then the other, here's another way we save you money.
So let's say you need a lab test or an X-ray.
Here's like the dirty little secret of the medical industrial complex, which is why everyone has to come to Goldcare.
So people will say, well, I have health insurance and I had to get a blood test and my blood test car, you know, I was so glad it was just, you know, $25 copay.
I'm like, you know how much the blood test was the CBC?
It's $3.
So we have places that pay $3.
Like the price difference is so great.
It's like a decimal point over.
It's not just half.
It's like a decimal point over.
So there's nobody who won't do better to come to GoldCare because if you want to get off your health insurance, you'll spend about half.
For example, on my health share with GoldCare, myself and my two sons is $300 a month.
And I have total coverage after $5,000.
100% coverage.
There's no explanation of benefits.
There's no long things.
That's what it is.
It's 100% coverage after I get to $5,000 for $300 a month for myself and two kids.
Blue Cross would have been like, I don't know, $900.

[SPEAKER_07]
We pay $1,000 a month.
Easily.
$1,000 a month for a family.

[SPEAKER_04]
A family for Kaiser is $2,000.
And then as you go along with the Kaiser, then they charge you, like, an x-ray will be $75 and an orthopedist will be $100.
Like, they charge you an addition.

[SPEAKER_07]
I have a deductible at the beginning of every year of $10,000.

[SPEAKER_04]
So if I need healthcare, I have to spend $10,000 before- Correct.
So are you going to come join Goldcare?
Yes.
So you can tell Steve how it works?
Yes.
Because he's a little skeptical because he doesn't get it.

[SPEAKER_03]
He doesn't need- By nature, I'm skeptical.

[SPEAKER_02]
I used to be believing on everything I heard and I'll tell you that some things have changed in my life.

[SPEAKER_04]
The motivations why people come are different.
Sometimes they want a naturopathic doctor.
Sometimes they want to know the doctor's not going to lie to them.
Sometimes you want to know they don't have any incentive other than you.
So our doctors only get paid for their time.
End of story.
That's all.
And there's no incentive to do tests.
There's no incentive to kick the bucket down the road.
The other thing we've done is we're PMA, Private Membership Association.
So we're a family.
So you really can't sue.
Everybody's agreed not to sue everybody.
We're all one family.
And that's going to stand up in court.
There's many PMAs.
I think the RNC is a PMA, and the NAACP is a PMA.
It's established legal modality.
So I'm quite optimistic, actually.
Cool.

[SPEAKER_07]
That's awesome.

[SPEAKER_08]
Great.
Fantastic.
Well, do you want to give us a little preview as to what you're going to be speaking about here at Reawaken America?

[SPEAKER_04]
Thank you.
It's going to be choose freedom now because it has to be an active choice.
People have to start moving their bodies, moving their feet.
They have to change who they do their banking.
They have to change who they get medical care with.
I didn't mention it.
The real reason I'm setting up goal care is because
In 2021, I sued Kaiser because Kaiser was trying to force all their nurses and people to take the shot.
And in that discovery, I discovered that Kaiser was determining California's policy.
It was actually Kaiser.
So we are funding the tyrants.
That needs to stop.
You need to be done with Blue Cross.
You need to be done with United Health Group.
You need to be done with Kaiser.
So my speech is to tell people it's up to you.
It's not up to Steve Kersh.
It's not up to Dr. Gold.
It's not up to Nurse Angela.
It's up to you.
Start making different decisions.

[SPEAKER_08]
I look forward to that speech.
Steve, any final thoughts or questions for Dr. Gold before we release her for the rest of her evening?

[SPEAKER_02]
Nope, I'm good.

[SPEAKER_07]
She covered so much.
We covered all spectrums.
Corruption, medicine, J6.
Everyone was like, what do you want to talk about?
I'm like, everything.

[SPEAKER_08]
Open book.
I can't wait to read your book.

[SPEAKER_04]
What is the title of your book?
So fun.
I've changed my title now a couple of times.
It's Iron Sharpens Iron, subtitle, Surviving Selective Persecution.
And it's a play on the word selective prosecution.

[SPEAKER_08]
And when is it coming out again?

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, it keeps getting pushed back.
It will be out before the election though.
It was supposed to be out this summer, but I don't know.

[SPEAKER_08]
Maybe we'll have you back when it comes out.

[SPEAKER_04]
It's really cool.
It's like a legal thriller.
It's like what's going to happen next.

[SPEAKER_08]
Can't wait.
Great.
Well, I want to remind everyone that we are a 501C3 and your donations help us continue to do this show, do the research we do and bring fabulous guests like Dr. Gold on.
And there you see on the screen, text VSRF to 53555.
And you can also help us out by going to our swag shop at vacsafety.org.
And if you look over Simone's shoulder, you can see right there, some misinformation, super spreader gear.
There's a hat.

[SPEAKER_03]
Do not comply.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, we got some cool new hats.
So do not comply.
So that's another way to help us.
And also next week,
We finally have Dr. Andrew Kaufman coming on VSRF Live, popular demand.
Everyone's been asking, so tune in next week.

[SPEAKER_02]
Now we can probably charge for that one.
Right?

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_07]
I wanted to have him on while Steve was gone, and Steve said, absolutely not.
You have to save him for me.

[SPEAKER_08]
I'm looking forward to that conversation.

[SPEAKER_07]
It's going to be very,
civil and respectful and we're really looking forward to having him on as a guest.

[SPEAKER_02]
Oh, absolutely.
One of us is going to be exposed as knowing about science and the other guy isn't.

[SPEAKER_08]
I might have to get a referee shirt for that one.

[SPEAKER_02]
There you go.

[SPEAKER_07]
No, I promised him it's going to be respectful and it's going to be respectful.

[SPEAKER_08]
And we're going to close out tonight with
two, one speech and one rap from the Geneva conference, first speech.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, you got to stay for the rap.

[SPEAKER_08]
And then you got to stay for the rap for Jessica Rose.
So Dr. Gold, thank you again for your generosity of your time and it's been a wonderful guest.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_07]
Such a pleasure seeing you again and always great.
It's a pleasure.

[SPEAKER_08]
And Angela, awesome seeing you in person.

[SPEAKER_07]
I know.
It's so great to be next to each other.
We're usually separated.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, I know.

[SPEAKER_07]
I like the Brady Bunch.

[SPEAKER_08]
It's so much better in person.
Steve, it's almost like you're here.
We can make a hologram of you at some point.
Actually, Steve is here.

[SPEAKER_07]
He's right there.
He's right here with us, the three of us, the legend.

[SPEAKER_08]
Steve, great to have you back.

[SPEAKER_02]
So we're going to have to figure out how to do, like, can you have nine people on the, what was the Brady Bunch matrix?
Was it nine?

[SPEAKER_04]
Nine.
Nine.

[SPEAKER_02]
Nine.
Yeah, we're looking.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_02]
While looking around.

[SPEAKER_07]
It's a little, I'm looking at her at Dr. Gold here, but then I'm also looking at her over there.
So I kind of feel like we're a little Brady Bunchy.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_07]
Looking around.

[SPEAKER_08]
All right.
Well, thank you, Steve.
Have a great rest of your evening.
Dr. Gold will see you around the Reawaken America conference.
And here's Steve's speech.
Let me find the right one.
Yeah, here it is.
All right.
Good night, everyone.

[SPEAKER_07]
Good night.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_08]
See you next week.

[SPEAKER_01]
Our next speaker will be familiar to very many.
Steve Kirsch is a former high-tech executive who quit his job to become a full-time journalist and reporter, and he's now written over 1,500 articles on the vaccines, the scientific mechanisms and the harms.
So please welcome Steve Kirsch to the stage.
Thank you.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_02]
So let me start off with the most important thing.
I've been looking at this data for two years, and there is no benefit whatsoever from these COVID vaccines.
In fact, they killed more people than they saved.
And that data is actually out there.
It's in the public domain.
But you know, there's not a single mainstream scientist that has analyzed that data.
except for me.
And when you analyze the data, it shows that the infection fatality rate or the case fatality rate actually increased after they rolled out the vaccines to the US nursing homes.
There is absolutely no way they can explain that data so they avoid it like the plague.
But the bottom line is that the vaccines actually killed more people than the virus did.
The cure was actually more dangerous than the disease.
It's incredible.
And you know, I have an offer out to anyone in the world for a million dollars.
I bet a million dollars that the vaccines have killed more people than they've saved.
And there's nobody in the world that's taken me up on that bet that I issued about two years ago.
Not a single person.
There's only one guy and he was only willing to bet me a half a million dollars that he was right.
One guy in the world has confidence in our health authorities.
Isn't that really is confidence building, isn't it?
You know, I look forward to a day when we can resolve our differences in public dialogue instead of resorting to censorship and intimidation.
I look forward to the day when we have transparency of public health information because public health outcomes are never improved when we hide the public health data from the public.
There is no paper that's been published saying hiding the data will improve public health outcomes.
So why do we do it?
We need to let doctors be doctors.
Your medical treatment shouldn't be dictated from the WHO or from the CDC or from the NIH or from anyone else.
They should be between you and your doctor based on your individual circumstances and the opinion of the doctors.
We flip that on its head.
in this pandemic and we paid dearly for it in that these vaccines have killed more people than the virus did.
I look forward to a day when public health officials can be challenged.
Wouldn't that be great if you could actually question them and have them answer questions?
I'm still looking forward to that day.
And I'm looking forward to a day when a vaccine that has killed more than 10 million people worldwide is actually taken off the market.
Wouldn't that be great?
I look forward to the day when people finally realize that scientific journals are wrong 90% of the time.
You know, these scientific journals, like 10 out of 11 studies show that vaccines do not cause these side effects that the National Academy of Science, Engineering, and Medicine used to make a determination that it doesn't cause Guillain-Barre, it doesn't cause Bell's palsy, and a whole bunch of other conditions.
And they say that definitively because 10 out of 11 scientific studies are completely wrong.
I look forward to the day when critical thinking skills will be required in order to be a public health official.
And I want to thank you all for being here today and supporting us.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_01]
Thank you, Steve.
Thank you so much.

[SPEAKER_00]
Feel free to clap or move or snap.
of shots, myself, I stand here tall and proud.
Injecting thoughts instead of shots into this awesome crowd.
Acronymic gimmicks, FDA and CDC.
What says you'll owe nothing and that you'll be happy?
Causation is causation even without correlation.
Not buying the delusion and I don't need a citation.
Trust the tyrants, trust the science, meaningless expression.
Science isn't science if you can't ask any questions.
Leaders are not leaders if they ain't leaders.
What kind of coward brings untested shit to innocence?
What kind of sick love when she's sick and is so frivolous?
Protecting, propagating, gainer, function, carapheric.
Instead of propagating, health and science, carapheric.
Hijack with synthetic, chimeric recombinants.
Not on the attack, just building up my self-defense.
So I introduce myself, a member of this team.
A rebel with a cause and a girl with many dreams.
Packing up the truth like a loogie in a sweat.
As they try to push us with their ideology And abuse newly developing technology Harari believes that there is no free will Choose today, choose every day, choose not to be a shill Invasion with persuasion, no permission with request Inform him, said not what I meant, have jab at your behest You'll likely never know exactly what it is you've done And also know exactly now how is we won So introduce yourself
Double X and X Y hack into intuition.
Thanks for showing us the face you hide behind the mirror.
Perhaps we needed tyrants to remind us why we're here.
One last verse for this righteous alliance.
A standard double X, a girl who really loves science.
Remember Queen Christine once said an act of noncompliance.
Let your mere existence be an act of pure defiance.
