[SPEAKER_04]
Through the madness and the lies As they're holding back the truth No matter what they try I will always fight for you I will save your innocence They are trying to remove
I am here at your defense and I will always fight for you.
Yes, I will always fight for you.
I will stand here in the way and I will not give up on you.
I will shield you
In the battle on the field There is evil on the move But I hope that you can feel That I will always fight for you In the darkness of the times There's a light that shines the proof
it'll soon reveal the crime so i won't stop this fight for you yes i will always fight for you i will brave every attack and i will not give up on you i will always
So to every single mother, father Stand up for your sons and daughters Do not back down, don't let up You are all they have for armor So make this a war to win Look in their eyes and tell them That I will always fight for you
I will stand guard at the gate And I will not give up on you I will stop each shot they take Yes, I will always fight for you I will always fight for you

[SPEAKER_09]
Tonight on VSRF Live, Steve Kirch talks with Dr. Suzanne Humphries, co-author of Dissolving Illusions, Disease Vaccines and the Forgotten History.
Dr. Humphries has lectured extensively on vaccines, infant immunity, the role of vitamin C in medicine, infectious diseases, and the human microbiome.

[SPEAKER_08]
There's no possible way that injecting animal matter, live viruses, and toxins, as well as chemicals, formaldehyde, aluminum, actually promotes health.
This is not a holistic practice.
Anyone would have to agree to that.
There's nothing biochemically or medically necessary about anything that's in a vaccine.
It does not fortify us.
vitamin D does, vitamin C does, good nutrition does, good hand washing does, getting sleep and getting adequate nutrition, all benefit us and fortify us.
And all of those things are what contributed to the decrease in mortality of the supposed vaccine preventable diseases before these vaccines were ever invented.
And what most people are unaware of is that the mortality for diseases like measles and whooping cough was down almost 100%.
before the vaccines even came on the scene in the developed world.

[SPEAKER_09]
Good evening, everyone, and welcome to another episode of VSRF Live.
I'm your host, Livio Sanchez.
Tonight, we have a truly special guest, someone who's been at the forefront of challenging mainstream narratives for years, a tireless advocate for health freedom, and someone whose research and dedication has impacted countless lives.
The incredible Dr. Suzanne Humphries is a medical doctor, author, and fierce advocate for informed consent and medical freedom.
She's the co-author of the powerful book, Dissolving Illusions, which sheds light on the untold history of vaccines and public health.
Dr. Humphries is the OG, or you can say, original misinformation super spreader.
Her tenacity is remarkable, and her dedication to uncovering the realities behind the medical system, along with her deep dive into the history of vaccines and immunity, have made her a trusted figure for those seeking knowledge beyond the mainstream narrative.
Tonight, we'll be diving into her journey, her work on dissolving illusions, and what's happening in the world of public health and freedom today.
Whether you're familiar with her research or just starting to explore these topics, this is an episode you won't want to miss.
Before we get started, I want to remind you about our new raffle.
Let me flip over to this next screen here.
Our new raffle that we're putting together, a super spreader library of books about medical fraud, mind control, and government corruption from some of our favorite authors, including The War on Ivermectin by Dr. Pierre Corrie and Jenna McCarthy, Turtles All the Way Down by Anonymous, Neither Safe Nor Effective, The Second Edition, The Evidence Against COVID Vaccines by Colleen Huber, and Follow the Science, How Big Pharma Misleads Obscures and Prevails by Cheryl Atkinson, among others.
Every raffle ticket costs $10.
The more entries you buy, the more chances you have to win.
So please support us and donate today.
By entering the raffle, every donation counts and all donations are tax deductible.
Janet will put the Give Butter raffle link in the chat.
We're planning to keep the raffle open through October 10th.
So thank you again for your continued support.
And now without further ado, I wanna bring on VSRF founder,
Steve Kirsch, welcome to VSRF Live.
Steve, how are you this evening?
I'm good, Livia.
Great to see you.
And I want to start off by talking about the tragic story unfolding this week involving a beautiful young woman named Alexis Lorenz.
Steve, how did this story first come to your attention?

[SPEAKER_11]
I started seeing posts on X.
about this case.
And then a few hours later, I got a call from Angela.
And she was in touch with us with this girl.
And she's 23 years old.
She basically was forced to get three vaccines in order to receive medical care.
And this is what this is the before and after.
This is right.

[SPEAKER_09]
This is a picture before she was in the hospital.
And do you know if the hospital visit was a routine visit?
What was I know she has some medical background that we're going to find out as soon as we bring Angela and her on.
But what was your understanding of why she went and what happened?

[SPEAKER_11]
She had PNH.
And I'm not an expert in that.
But so she was seeking medical care for that.
So she looked just like we look when she walked in.
She got a transfusion.
And then a day later,
She was forced to get these vaccine shots and 10 minutes after she got the vaccine shots, that's when all hell broke loose.
And there was a dramatic transformation happening 10 minutes after her vaccine shots, not her transfusions, which were given the day before.
So this is probably the most extreme reaction that we've seen to three vaccines, but it illustrates just how dangerous these shots are.
And if it weren't for alternative media, you would never hear about this.
The story is not being covered by CNN.
It's not being covered by the New York Times.
It's not being covered by the Washington Post.
It's not being covered by the Wall Street Journal.
60 Minutes is not there with the camera crew.
The only people there are people like VSRF and the producers of VAX 3 is there as well.
And that I haven't seen facts three, by the way, but I hear it's a fantastic must see movie.
So so check that out.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.
Premiered last night across the country in theaters.
I want to bring Angela on to continue this story.
I just noticed it's not quite ready yet.
But you found out
Angela decided to go down there.
How did that work out?
You just contacted the family and sent her down, and she went down?

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, she was going to drive down, and I suggested that she take a plane.
She took a plane.
She got a hotel room.
She's had very little sleep and very little to eat since she's been there.
She's been essentially 24 hours by the bedside carrying

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, yeah, and she's she's still there Angela.
I'm just curious if you are ready to come on camera if we want to Wait yeah, I can hear you.
I just see that the cameras on something else We'll stand by for one
Yeah, they're having a couple of interviews.
So what I'm going to do while she gets sorted out before we bring them on, Jimmy Levy, our friend Jimmy Levy, who does some wonderful music and did music for Defeat the Mandates and for Save Maui, he actually found out about this and sent Taylor, he called her and he sang for her.
while she's in the hospital, I'm going to play that video of Jimmy singing to Alexis because it's quite emotional and raw and I'm going to play that and then we'll hopefully have them on as soon as that's done.
So here comes this video with Jimmy and Alexis.

[SPEAKER_14]
I'm facing that way.

[SPEAKER_05]
You call me out on the water The great unknown Where feet may fail And there I find you in the mist
In no certain seat, my faith will stand.
Let's let him sing.
We meet in silence and keep our eyes apart.
We open our eyes, my shelter and seer.
And you are in a world that I don't know.
It's great to fall to the deepest walls.
It's dark in the head.
Well, be my guide.
Where feet may fail and fear may surround you You'll never fail and you won't stop healing her And I will hold on to you And keep my eyes upon the weather
When those things rise, my sufferings grow great.
And I am real.
And you are mine.
Oh.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.

[SPEAKER_12]
Let's pray for Alexis right now.

[UNKNOWN]
It's a little cute right now.

[SPEAKER_05]
So here we go.
When my trust is without border And we'll walk on through the way of holding on And my faith can make me a stranger In the presence of my Savior Spirit, lead me where my trust is with you You walk upon the waters, wherever you are
Take me deeper than I feel today for one day.
My faith will be stronger in the presence of my savior.
And she will call upon me.
And you will heal all of her pain.
When the opens rise, the soul will rest in your hands.
As you raise your hands, then you are heard.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yes, you are.
Amen.

[SPEAKER_05]
Thank you so much.

[SPEAKER_13]
That was beautiful.
Thank you for singing for my sister.
Thank you.
Thank you for singing for my daughter.
I appreciate it.

[SPEAKER_09]
And we're now live with Angela and Alexis and Alexis's father, Todd.
That was just such an emotional, heartbreaking moment that you shared with us earlier today, Angela, of Jimmy singing to Alexis.
How is Alexis doing?
How are you doing?
Can you give us the latest update?

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, we're hanging in there, Livio.
Thank you.
It's so good to see you and Steve and our whole team.
The team has just been fabulous helping take care of Alexis.
She's just such a love and such a sweet girl.
And it's just really tragic what has happened.
And this is Todd, her father.
We've just been by her side.
We have great care right now.
We have amazing doctors working really hard on her.
They're being really cooperative, allowing our outside doctors to collaborate and help.
And, you know, it's just really tragic.
I think the thing that I'm most sad about, and I've gotten to learn more as the doctors have explained what happened, was she needed a monoclonal antibody to treat her underlying condition.
And in order to take that monoclonal antibody, it's in a package insert that she would need these vaccines, the meningococcal vaccines to take it because there is a risk of meningitis and that can be fatal.
So the really sad part, which, you know, as a nurse, patients deserve to get true informed consent and she was not given any informed consent that there could be risks
Um, for someone who was in her condition, immunocompromised with an autoimmune issue.
to be given three shots back to back to back that something could go wrong.
She thought that it was perfectly safe and she asked questions, making sure that it was okay with what they were doing and she wasn't told that something like this could happen.
She was just told that it was perfectly fine and they do this all the time.
So it was really hard for her to have something like this happen because when she got those three shots back to back,
within, you know, immediately she had started noticing flashing lights in her eyes.
She lost vision in one eye, got that vision back, then lost vision in the other eye.
She got a locked jaw.
She started bleeding out of her nose.
She started vomiting and then all of the purple spots just started appearing and growing.
And
And, you know, the care was subpar on the other floors where she was initially.
And, you know, when things go wrong in medicine, there can be reactions to any...

[SPEAKER_06]
There are some calls coming through.

[SPEAKER_07]
The one thing that you do when something goes wrong is you take care of the patient.
And obviously, this was a horrific vaccine.

[SPEAKER_09]
Oh, we just lost her back.
Okay.
You're back.
Um, your sound is off Angela.
Yeah, we're, we've lost your sound, your pictures here, but we lost your sound.
Um, let me see if we can get that corrected.
No, still, still muted.
Let me see if I can get help for nurse Angela.
Let me just take her off the screen for a second.
Steve, this is, um, unprecedented.
The I have, have you heard of anything like this before?

[SPEAKER_11]
No, I have never heard of anything that's this dramatic, and neither has Angela.
That's why she's involved in this case.
It's very unusual.
And her life is at risk.
Alexis's, Lorenzo's life is at risk here.

[SPEAKER_09]
We had a chance to speak to Angela before we came on live and and to Todd and he was informing us that the last yesterday and today have been actually exceptionally difficult for her for Alexis It was a little starting to get a little better, but it's it's definitely taken a
And just while we're at it here, waiting to see if I can get sound back.
We've had a tremendous amount of outpouring, but I want to show the give butter link for if you want to donate and help to Alexis's cause.
Janet will put the direct link in the chat, but there it is on the screen.
Steve, do you remember or recall what vaccines they gave her?
I think it was a cocktail of vaccines, not just one, it was several.
What do you know about what they gave her?

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, they gave her three vaccines.
It's all documented on my substack.
Her medical records are on my substack as well.
Apparently some top executive went into
Alexis's room and asked her, hey, you know, they're posting her medical records on the internet.
And she said, yeah, I told him to.
So the vaccines are listed here on the sub stack.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yes.
Angela's back with us.
Thank you, Angela, for making it back.
Yeah, we can hear you now.
See you again.

[SPEAKER_07]
Just in case we get connected, I want to pass you over to Alexis and her father.
But just in a nutshell, what I was saying is that, you know, there can be reactions to anything.
There can be reactions.
There's got to be informed consent.
And being that that wasn't given to her, this was really upsetting for her.
And the care that she received on the other floors, instead of taking really good care with her, they all kind of just ran away.
She would push the call light, they wouldn't come for hours.
I was on the phone with her all night, maybe three nights ago or four nights ago, and that's when I decided that I needed to drive down because the care was just not good at all.
And I had her transferred to the ICU where I knew she'd get one-on-one nursing care.
And I must say, since I've been here, they've been wonderful.
And, you know, it's touch and go.
We had a really, really bad day yesterday, and today is a little bit better.
And we're just going to keep on going every single day, and little by little, we're going to get there.
I'm making sure that...
nothing is done that harms her.
I double check everything that goes into her body.
I consult with all of the doctors that are in our movement, on our team.
I won't let them do anything to her without the whole team of our wonderful people just making sure that it's okay.
And I do see an improvement in the last 48 hours.
I feel like we're on the right path.
And what we appreciate so much is just all the love and the support
from, you know, this team and the other organization, CHD, and, you know, the high wire is checking in on us.
And as you saw, Jimmy Levy called and saying and just really was so heartwarming and just made her feel so comforted and loved.
And it's people like you guys and all the others everywhere that are getting her through this really hard time.
So she's really, really grateful and she's really appreciative.
And I'm just gonna
Hand it over to her so you can talk with her.
She's not feeling the greatest, but she did want to talk.

[SPEAKER_03]
Oh, here's the button, sweetie.

[SPEAKER_07]
Here's the button.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Hello, Alexis.

[SPEAKER_09]
Hello, Alexis.
We're all here praying for you.
And we've got a large audience watching from all over, sending you incredible messages and prayers.
And we know you're going to pull through this.

[SPEAKER_14]
I was hoping so.
I've been terrified all day.
I don't really remember much of yesterday.
I woke up and there was a bunch of catheters in my arm and I don't even remember receiving them.
But I'm just scared.
Well, you have you have an incredible I do like I don't get why Why they would use me to do this if they knew my immune system was so weak.
It just doesn't make sense why you would It's like they wanted to test on me and see how far they can get is how I feel I

[SPEAKER_09]
I'm so sorry this is happening to you, but you have an incredible advocate right by your side, an angel I consider.
Angela is the best that there is to be there with you and I know she's going to help guide you through this.

[SPEAKER_14]
I know she's been very helpful.
It's just, today's, I don't know, today's been really hard physically and emotionally and I just, I don't even know really how to talk about it because it's just so
It's just weird and I was very disappointed with all the doctors because I genuinely trusted them and really thought I was going to have a chance of getting better from my PNH but instead it all just turned into this.

[SPEAKER_09]
Oh, Alexis, it's, uh, you are so brave.
Um, and again, we're, we're all, all of our energy is being sent your way.
And I know you're gonna, you're gonna come through this.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_09]
Steve, do you want to add anything to say?

[SPEAKER_14]
I'm sorry.

[SPEAKER_09]
No, it's okay.
That's all right.
You don't need to say anything else just to stay strong and be brave.

[SPEAKER_11]
And we're all praying for you, Alexis.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, I appreciate that.
And I appreciate everyone trying to get this story out.
I had no idea it was going to go as viral as it did, but um,
I just wanted to make some kind of warning that people should be aware that some hospitals don't know what they're doing.
And then I got millions of views on stuff and I didn't even know.
And I got to meet Angela here and she's been a lifesaver and just, I'm very grateful for all the support I've been getting, even though it's been really, really hard.

[SPEAKER_07]
We love you, sweetheart.
We're going to get you through this.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, you are so brave and so courageous for speaking up and now persevering through this.
And thank you for your helping so many while you're going through this by just speaking up and sharing your story.

[SPEAKER_14]
I'm trying, because nobody deserves to go through this.
And especially if I'm only 23, I don't want them to do this to somebody younger than me.
I'm having a hard time fighting, but I really am.
But I can't imagine if somebody much, much older, like my grandpa, for instance, if they did this to him, he's 86, he wouldn't make it more than a day or two.
And then even someone younger than me, a little kid, they're not going to have the strength to fight at all.
So I just, it needs to be known that things like this should not happen to people at all.
And they should have been more aware knowing that my immune system was already extremely compromised.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_09]
So true.

[SPEAKER_07]
All right.
All right, Libby.
I'm going to pass it over to Todd.

[SPEAKER_09]
Thank you.
Thank you, Alexis.
Our prayers are with you.

[SPEAKER_14]
Of course.
It was nice to meet you guys.
Thank you again for trying to share my story and letting people know that sometimes the medical field can, they make mistakes, I get it, but this one went a little too far.

[SPEAKER_07]
The one thing that we did last in oblivio is we actually prayed for the doctor that ordered these vaccines on her because we had heard that she has been getting death threats and that's not okay either.
People make mistakes, things happen with medications, we completely understand that that
You know, errors can happen or people can have reactions to things.
And the one thing, you know, had she been a cancer patient or anything else, this would not have been as problematic as it is.
And so I just hope that all the people that are out there, you know, please, please leave the doctor alone.
Let's pray for her.
Let's pray that she maybe can get the government agencies to help figure this out to to make change.
Like we need to we need to have something good come of this.
And we need to have better education and awareness as to what vaccines can do to immunocompromised people or people with autoimmunity.
And let's learn from this.
Let's let's not let's not, you know, have anybody out there go after her.
That that doesn't help the situation at all.
It actually just makes it worse.
And I know people terrible.
Yeah, I know people have, you know, good hearts.
But we need to all be a team and we, you know,
We need the doctor to help us and help Big Pharma and help the agencies learn that these are horrific things.
This is somebody's child.
This is a beautiful girl and we wouldn't want this to happen to her.
the doctor's daughter or anybody else for that matter.
And so we're just gonna keep on fighting and we hope that more and more people will see and we can just raise awareness and make something good come of this because that's what Alexis wants.
She says that all she wants is for this to never happen to anybody else.
And so we're gonna get her through this and hopefully that there can be change that comes about this.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, and I wanna reinforce and make a plea not to do anything negative or violent or any sort of anything towards the doctor that doesn't help the cause.
And we wanna create awareness and so that other doctors won't and nurses won't make the same mistake in the future.
And so, yeah, I'm just making that plea.

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, we can create awareness
For sure, we can definitely create awareness.
I mean, the pharmaceutical companies want to make their bottom line.
They don't care about curing people.
They care about making money.
So just keep drugging people and drugging people and drugging people until they get sick because that's all they want to do is they want to make money.
And then they figure out, well, yes, guess what?
How are we going to continue to make money?
Well, we're going to fund the colleges.
We're going to fund all the universities that do medical study.
And we're going to make them learn to just follow what we tell them to do, because we want to make money.
All right?
And it doesn't matter.
They end up thinking they're gods.
A young lady like my daughter walks in, and the next thing you know, she says, oh, you've got to take three vaccines.
We can't treat you unless you take three vaccines.
And I'm god, and you're not, and you've got to take these three vaccines.
And the next thing you know, this is what she got happens.
So, I mean, we need to put this at a national level, a worldwide level, but a national level in a situation where we need to be in front of Congress.
We need to be passing laws where they don't give vaccines to people that have bad immune systems.
Okay?
They don't give vaccines.
Somebody put out there a post about a Lexi law.
You've got other laws with other people's names on them.
Somebody said that we need to have a Lexi law.
Well, that's a possibility.
We need to be in front of Congress.
We need to be telling people right out the bat, we don't need vaccines.
We have God.
God created us.
Vaccines are not needed.
Possibly polio, but that's about the only one.
The rest of them, throw them out the window.
Get rid of them.
It's killing our kids.
It's causing autism.
It's causing all kinds of people to be sick.
And these medications are not helping people.
We need to figure out how to cure people of diseases instead of just medicate them for the next medication.
And that's where we're sitting at right now.
I thank you for your time.

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, so well-stated, Todd.

[SPEAKER_07]
So well-stated.
Alexis wants to talk about what they told her.

[SPEAKER_14]
There were a few things that were kind of out of pocket about this whole, no, please leave me my water bottle.
Thank you.
out of pocket about this whole thing.
When it first happened, I was told I was only receiving the meningitis vaccine, that was it, and just the one shot, and then they came in with three.
And so I was very confused, and they said that the new requirement was to get tetanus shot, meningitis, and pneumonia.
And then the next day after all this stuff happened and within like the next few days, the original doctor who was overseeing everything and administered the drugs to me said that we never did that.
She said she only gave me two meningitis vaccines, which still wouldn't make sense as to why I would need two meningitis vaccines, but she kept
Just trying to find a reason as to why it wasn't because of vaccines and they tried to blame it on my PNH and her main reason to not believe me was because she said her past 10 patients that she's dealt with who have the same disease as me didn't have this reaction.
And I was like, but that's not enough proof.
People have problems.
I'm a weaker person.
I don't understand.
They ended up treating me poorly, very poorly that day because I was thinking about getting a patient advocate.
Because I just felt very uncared for and not heard.
And like Angela said earlier, I was screaming and for hours trying to get help.
And they brought me to a different floor.
with no shower, the bathroom, I mean the room was the size of like literally a bathroom, it was tiny.
And they started treating me odd and the next day a doctor came in, he was like a head nurse or something, and he told me that I need to be a little quieter because I'm scared of other patients.
And I said, they should be scared.
Look what you people did to me.
I don't want them in here either.
They need to get out while they can.
And he was like, well, you have to understand that science or medicine is a science.
And it takes practice.
And I was like, well, so you're telling me that I'm your science experiment?
And after that, I was already broken, trusted.
For someone to kind of blatantly admit that I'm just an experiment to them and then I hear them laughing in the hallways repeating everything I said to them.
It was so disgusting to me.
Like I'm sitting there for days and hours begging for help and they want to sit outside and laugh like it's a joke.
I just don't understand that I get I'm just one person and there's billions of people in this world, but that doesn't mean just give up on me because you don't know what to do.
It's really sad.

[SPEAKER_11]
Alexis, I wanted to ask you a question.
You said that your doctor had said that she'd given these vaccines to the previous 10 patients.
Are you saying that for the last 10 patients, she gave the exact three same vaccines all given at once to all 10 of those patients?

[SPEAKER_14]
That I don't know the exact answer to because like I said, she told me that I only received two meningitis vaccines, but the lady who was ordered to give me the shots read the bottles, like literally read the shots to me and my sister out loud and it was meningitis, pneumonia and tetanus.

[SPEAKER_07]
I think what it is, Steve, what most people are up to date on their vaccines.
And so I can't speak for the doctor or these 10 people, but I think that other people probably are up to date on their vaccines.
And so it would be hard for me to believe that she did this to the last 10 patients.
I have a feeling that the reason why they gave it to Alexis is because her dad has not given her a vaccine since she was a baby.
And so she is not up to date on vaccines because her father does not believe in them.
And so I don't think that a doctor would just give these three because most people like myself or who other people who are fully vaccinated would already have their vaccines on board.
So that's my thoughts.
I can't say for sure because I don't I didn't speak with a doctor and I don't know these 10 other patients, right?

[SPEAKER_11]
But if she's playing catch-up, then she needs to get 72 vaccines given to her within, you know, the span of an hour or so in order to get her fully caught up, right?

[SPEAKER_07]
Totally.

[SPEAKER_14]
Totally.
Yeah.
She only got three.

[SPEAKER_11]
Why did she only get three?

[SPEAKER_14]
Well, they said those were the main three I needed to receive treatment for P and H because with that with P and H you have to you have to apparently take the meningitis vaccine to be able to withstand all of the monoclonal antibody.
Yeah, it just didn't make sense.
And then I found out that the pneumonia vaccine has like 23 different toxins in it.
And I just don't get it at all.

[SPEAKER_07]
At all.
You know what?
I don't understand, Steve.
And, you know, this is this is out of my this is the reason why we're consulting with so many people is because this is definitely not my specialty.
You know, I've never I've never taken care of a patient with this disease.
I, you know, I had heard of it, but
What I don't understand, and I want to ask one of the doctors, they come and do rounds in about 20 minutes, is that they were planning on giving her these three shots and then administering the monoclonal antibody immediately after.
And the reason why they were giving the three shots is because it wipes out your immune system and you can end up with meningitis.
But it takes weeks to mount a response.
So I don't understand if that was their thinking, why not give
the vaccines and then wait a couple of weeks because you're not going to mount a response within hours.
And that was kind of the plan was to give the three vaccines and then give them monoclonal antibodies.

[SPEAKER_14]
They gave me the choice whether to do it right then and there or not.
And I really don't like needles.
I have a huge fear of coming to hospitals in general and needles and being poked at.
So I was already pretty nervous and they gave me the choices that we can do them a few hours apart if you like or we can do them all at once which should probably be better so you can get it done and over with and I was like Okay, let's get this done, but I'm not the health expert So I don't know why they keep asking me advice on what I want to do.
I came from help I just

[SPEAKER_09]
They're getting your consent so that they can treat you.

[SPEAKER_14]
And they didn't tell me the warnings of all of this, or they didn't tell me at all.
They actually pulled my sister aside the next day after I started looking like this and they
pulled her aside and said, here, we forgot to give this to you.
We didn't want to give it to Alexis because we didn't want her to be scared.
And it was this little pamphlet of how all three injections can go wrong and all the risk factors, which I asked multiple times, are you sure this is safe?
Are you sure this isn't a risk?
And they swore it was going to be OK.
Then they went behind my back and told someone else that I'm not going to be okay.

[SPEAKER_09]
They shared that with your sister after they gave you the shots?

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_11]
That's just... That's diabolical.

[SPEAKER_14]
Sorry.

[SPEAKER_11]
Well, it's even worse what the CDC does, which is they don't tell anyone even after you get the COVID shots, they won't admit that it's harmful.
So I actually think that at least the hospital did that, which is better than what the CDC is doing to people for the COVID vaccine and not acknowledging any of the harms.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_11]
So at least give them some credit for providing the informed consent after the shot as opposed to before the shot.
where, which, and of course what the CDC is doing is way worse, which is not providing any of that information even after the shot.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah.
Yeah.
Do you want them to see your ear?

[SPEAKER_14]
Oh, if you guys like, it's literally my whole, I have this on my forehead because it's there, but my ears are,
black and purple.

[SPEAKER_10]
Oh goodness.

[SPEAKER_14]
It's both ears and if you want to take a look here my my neck it goes um let's see it goes down my neck pretty far oh it's facing around me there we go

[SPEAKER_07]
It's down her back, it's on her knees, her feet.

[SPEAKER_11]
Did all of this start 10 minutes after the shot?
When did you start to see changes in your skin?

[SPEAKER_14]
I'm within out within the the side effects of me having the blindness and Throwing up and the bloody noses all happened within 10 minutes.
Right.
When did you start to see that?

[SPEAKER_11]
Right around

[SPEAKER_14]
I believe at least 20 to 30 minutes later instead, but I hadn't done any other medication before that or after that.
I just was drinking water and watching my TV show and my sister came up and was like, what's on your face?
And she went and got it there and it just looked like little red pimples.
It literally just looked like a little cluster of pimples.
And within two hours they were brighter red.
And the next day I woke up with my whole face swollen and my eyes were like swollen shut and it's in my gums.
Oh Jesus.

[SPEAKER_11]
Oh wow.
Wow.

[SPEAKER_14]
And it's on my tongue.

[SPEAKER_11]
Wow.

[SPEAKER_14]
It's crazy.

[SPEAKER_11]
Unbelievable.

[SPEAKER_14]
It doesn't make any sense.

[SPEAKER_11]
Have the doctors told you what that is?

[SPEAKER_14]
Sorry?

[SPEAKER_11]
Have the doctors told you what is causing the discoloration?

[SPEAKER_14]
Well, they said that this had nothing to do with the vaccines.
Of course.
They said that I had something called Parvo virus, which didn't make any sense because I looked up the symptoms of that, and the only thing I had was a slight rash.
When you get Parvo, it's just red down here.

[SPEAKER_07]
It's like that slap cheek, you know, that kids get?
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_14]
It looks like a slapped cheek and your nose is apparently super runny.
I had no symptoms of parvo but they kept saying it was either the PNH or parvovirus and I kept- I didn't want to yell at them but I was like this is not either of those.
No person with PNH has ever looked like this before.
This is not a common symptom at all.
And parvovirus I've never even heard of.
So that felt like they were trying to make that up and just save their selves because they didn't know what else to blame it on.

[SPEAKER_11]
No, but it but it's not what we're seeing.
Right.
It couldn't be the vaccine, of course, because those are safe and effective.
But we're seeing blood.
These are blood clots, right?
Because her her D dimers are off the charts.

[SPEAKER_07]
So what we're seeing is microclots.

[SPEAKER_11]
Okay, so they're acknowledging that it's microclots that are that's causing the skin discoloration after a few days they wouldn't admit it at first but now they are and Has anyone in the hospital admitted to you that this might have been caused by the vaccines that you were required to take?
I

[SPEAKER_14]
Now that I'm trying to think, I don't think a single person here has said it's because of the vaccines.
They all tried to find a different reason to say why I have this.

[SPEAKER_11]
And did they all come up with a different reason or did they all say it's the same thing?

[SPEAKER_14]
Most of them said it was for the PNH or the parvovirus.
A lot of them don't understand PNH.
I had doctors asking me to explain it to them.
And then there was a few doctors that I was getting in a slight argument with because they refused to believe that this is not a symptom.
And I said,
Nobody has admitted that this is from the vaccines at all.

[SPEAKER_07]
But what I don't understand is she's had PNH since January when she was diagnosed.
She walked into the hospital looking completely normal.
She's never had this before as a symptom of her PNH.
Her symptom coming into the hospital was headaches.
She gets the vaccine, has an immediate reaction, 10 minutes later is losing her vision, locked jaw, vomiting, nose bleeding, and then 10 minutes after that, the red dots appear, but it's not the vaccine.

[SPEAKER_09]
Have any of the doctors seen anything like this before?

[SPEAKER_14]
No, I've had multiple doctors tell me they've never seen this before, that it's just a coincidence that it's happening to me now.

[SPEAKER_07]
It's a coincidence that it happened at the same time of the vaccine.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, they're so trained.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, it's amazing.
But they don't know what I don't know what it is.
But it was a coincidence.
And they know it wasn't the vaccines.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, no, that's a that's what they learn in school.
Well, Alexis, we're pulling for you.
You and you know, you're gonna get through this.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, so somebody else is fighting as hard as I can.
Yeah, fighting.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah.
Someone asked in the chat, the platelet counts are the same.
Her platelets are at seven.
They've given her transfusions of platelets and it doesn't stick.
Her body basically just destroys the platelets as soon as she gets them.
So she stuck it at seven.
When she came into the hospital, she was at I think it was like 28.
and then it dipped down to 14 and then it went down to seven.
So the longer she's been in the hospital, the lower her platelets have dropped.
So she came in at 28, checked into the hospital at 28.

[SPEAKER_09]
And do they mention that before they give you the vaccines where you're at?

[SPEAKER_14]
The only time they mentioned my platelet levels was when
I think it was after the vaccine because they just kept telling me my platelets were low when I first got here.
They didn't tell me the exact number.
And then, um, after the vaccine, they gave me like three more platelet transfusions the next day after all of this started happening.
And they kept blaming this on the platelets too.
It was either parvo PNH or platelets.
Um,
And they couldn't, sorry, I lost my train of thought.
It's very hard to think with this going on sometimes.
It's okay, babe, it's all right.
You know what I'm saying again?
I'm so sorry.

[SPEAKER_09]
It's okay.
No, no, it's okay.

[SPEAKER_11]
It's okay.
So, Angela, can the platelets be essentially used up to create all of these microclots and that's what's going on?
They're putting in platelets and then those platelets are then being repurposed in order to create all of these clots throughout our body?

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, I mean, we're just being really diligent about doing frequent labs because the one thing that we're worried about is something called DIC, disseminated intravascular coagulation, and that can happen.
So, you know, we're just keeping a close eye on everything and hoping that this monoclonal antibody that she received yesterday will kind of kick in and protect her.
Um, you know, we just have, we have to get, we have to be patient.
This is not going to be fixed overnight, but we're going to get there.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_11]
And people ask about plasma, because that's, that's been suggested by a number of doctors.
So, um, you might want to go into why they didn't do that immediately.
And.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, there, you know, we have these amazing him him on doctors and they've all been talking about it as it is still a possibility.
We're giving this 48 hours to see if these monoclonal antibodies kick in and turn turn her around.
But, you know, day by day.
The plans have been changing a little bit and we're just waiting to see and I like I said I can see a huge huge progress from two days ago and But that is on the table as well and the doctors are are fully comfortable of doing that That would be the next step if if this doesn't work

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, so the reason that they're not doing plasmapheresis now is because it conflicts with the monoclonal antibody that she got.
And so it's called soliris.
And if you put the soliris in and then you do the plasmapheresis, the soliris then essentially is removed in that process.
And so it's counterproductive.
to have done to do both.
But like they could have done the plasmapheresis first, right, and then do the monoclonal.

[SPEAKER_07]
The treatment of choice for PNH is this monoclonal antibody.
That is, and I have been looking at all the research papers, that is the treatment of choice.
Right, it's not plasmapheresis.
I have faith that that'll, sorry, we're losing internet connections, so I'm only hearing about every three words.

[SPEAKER_09]
Angela, thank you.
Todd, thank you for speaking up and for being here tonight and sharing your story.
And Alexis for her bravery and courage.
And we want to thank you all for coming on tonight and speaking up.
And again, we're sending you, all of us sending you much love and prayers in a recovery.

[SPEAKER_14]
I appreciate that.
My biggest thing is that nobody deserves this to happen to them.
And I hate that I'm the experiment, but nobody should ever have this kind of reaction.
And nobody should ever be put through this and ignored for days.
It's heartbreaking.
Yeah, it's kind of sucks that we had to Take this route for me to get some attention from these doctors for once Well, we're gonna keep fighting for you Alexis, so stay strong

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, we love you guys.
Thank you guys so very much for all that you're doing, all the help.
You know, I... VSRF has just been the most amazing family and most wonderful people.
And I can't thank you enough, Steve, for... You were my, like, sane man to say, Angela, why are you driving down there?
Get on a plane and go.
We'll take care of the tickets.
We'll take care of the whole hotel room.
Just get there and get to her and get her safe and help fight and save her life.
So...
I just wanna thank this beautiful team that you've put together.
All right, you guys, take care.
We're gonna log out.

[SPEAKER_11]
Thank you for going down and sacrificing all of your time to treat Alexis.
Yeah, thank you, Angela.

[SPEAKER_14]
Thank you for listening to my story, because I felt very unheard, so I appreciate everything for sure.

[SPEAKER_09]
We're gonna amplify your message and your voice out there, Alexis.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_07]
Thank you.
All right.
All right.
Love you guys.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_09]
Thank you.
Bye.
Bye.
Thank you, Todd.
Thank you.
Bless you.
Wow.
I'm going to move right into our featured guest tonight who's been patiently waiting and watching in the background.
Dr. Suzanne Humphreys, welcome to VSRF Live.
Thank you for being here tonight and your patience with us getting the update on the story of Alexis Lorenz.

[SPEAKER_08]
Thanks, Livio.
Hi, Steve.
Yeah, and thanks to that entire team and to Alexis for doing what they're doing.
They're doing a service for a lot of other people in the future.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.
I want to read your bio before I leave you and Steve to the conversation.
And for those of you out there, thank you for being here tonight.
We're going to get into the meat of our promise subject now.
And I want to remind you that we will have Q&A after Steve's conversation with Dr. Humphreys.
And if you have a question you really want answered, you can use the rubble rant and we'll move your question right up to the top.
I'm going to read your bio real quick before we move on.
Dr. Suzanne Humphries is a board certified doctor of internal medicine and nephrology, as well as an author and holistic health consultant.
For 11 years, Dr. Humphries worked in conventional practice in internal medicine and nephrology.
Her path took a significant turn after she noticed that vaccines were causing kidney failure in some of her patients.
Despite her efforts, the conventional medical system and her colleagues restricted her ability to protect her patients.
This pivotal experience led Dr. Humphreys to research the history, politics, and science of vaccines, ultimately becoming a prominent advocate for vaccine reform.
She co-authored the groundbreaking book, Dissolving Illusions, Disease, Vaccines, and the Forgotten History with Roman Bizantrik.
I don't know if I said that, Bizantri Inc. And her book, Rising from the Dead, is her autobiography chronicling her journey in both conventional and holistic medicine.
And we're so grateful to have you here tonight.
I will leave you to it.
I'll be back for Q&A.

[SPEAKER_08]
Great.
Thanks, Livio.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah.
So, um, what's, what's your impression about what you just saw?
Have you ever seen anything like that as a vaccine reaction?

[SPEAKER_08]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_11]
Tell me more.

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, when I was first waking, actually, this was before I woke up to the vaccine problem is we had, um, a woman who wanted a job in the hospital and the, um, it was housekeeping.
And they made her get a series of vaccines.
And among them, I think the measles was the one she got first.
And after the measles vaccine, she developed a rash all over her body.
And then she developed kidney failure.
And then she went on dialysis.
And then she ultimately got a transplant and she knew full well that it was a vaccine that caused the problem.
I've seen this happen after chickenpox vaccines with potential employees that wanted to work in the kitchen.
And I don't want to sit here as an expert witness because I haven't seen all the documents, but I have seen a lot.
I've seen everything you've posted.
I've seen the laboratory results.
And I understand PNH to some degree,
And PNH is one of those entities where you can have a variable manifestation.
So most people with PNH
They just have paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria.
They don't really develop a lot of issues.
And I remember it was one of those things that as a nephrologist, you'd think that I would have seen out of everybody.
I would have seen a lot of these cases.
And so it's something that we're always looking for.
And you have to do a split urine test, you know, at least back then.
Now you can do the genetic testing, but they won't even do the genetic testing until you've done the basic stuff.
And what they don't tell you is that the vast majority of these people, they really don't go on to have significant problems.
And so when I look at this now,
I look at it in the sense of if you have a disease that has a variable manifestation, what are the other comorbidities?
There's clearly other factors that come into play.
It's not just your genes.
They want to just blame it on a gene.
And as another example, I'll say that I looked after a man who had Alport syndrome and he died of kidney failure, but he and his wife, his wife gave birth to twins and they both carried his gene.
And the doctors told those girls their whole lives that they would both develop this disease and that they would both be on dialysis and that they would both require transplantation.
And these girls were so identical.
that even their mother couldn't tell them apart.
And there's a point to where I'm going here with this.
And it's that when they were in their 40s, one of them developed kidney failure and the other one has fetchingly good health, no high blood pressure, no problems with the kidneys whatsoever.
So something clearly happened in the two of their lives that was very different to make one of them manifest full manifestations of the disease and the other one so healthy that if it wasn't for the knowledge of the problem, she could have donated a kidney to her.
So the point is that, you know, how orthomolecular doctors and these holistic doctors that you're probably hopefully getting some opinions from look at things is what are these other factors that promote health?
not what is causing disease and how can we inhibit things that should normally be happening in the body, because the fact of the matter is that this is a disease that has a loss of a protective protein.
And the loss of that protective protein makes a person vulnerable to complement.
And so the medical literature exploded with the
with the invention of these monoclonal antibodies.
And so all you see now is that this is drug of choice, drug of choice, drug of choice.
But what they don't tell you is that in the package insert, which while I was sitting on hold, I went and read the package insert.
And the package insert kind of gives a little bit of an out that, you know, doctors always should use their brains.
Even if the package insert says something and you know the physiology, you might want to hold off on something.
So clearly, a hematologist, I would imagine, would understand the complement cascade.
Um, I think that Alexis probably understands the compliment cascade at this point.
And so does Todd.
So why would you in the, in the instance of pancytopenia, all the blood counts are down.
Clearly this girl is on the verge of something bad.
You're going to give not one, not two, but three vaccines that trigger the compliment cascade like nobody's business and think nothing's going to happen.
So I think everybody should go have a look at the package insert and see what it actually says, because it says if there's an urgent need to give this drug that you can give other antimicrobial therapies first.
And it also says that there's no guarantee that even after getting meningococcal vaccine, even if you develop antibodies, that you won't still develop meningococcal vaccine.
Yet people think that the magic vaccine given one time is going to protect somebody immediately.
I mean, it's magic fairy tale medicine.
It's not real physiology.
And doctors today, the younger the doctor, the less physiology they understand.
And even me at the age of 60, you know, I had to kind of go way outside the system now had the foundations of biology and biochemistry.
And that was great.
But I had to go outside the system to really learn, you know, God's chemistry, God's physiology, and not the stuff that we're taught in medical school and Merck in order to find which drug is going to work best.
And so my point getting back to where I started is that there's going to be other factors with Alexis.
You know, she may be vitamin C deficient.
That's a huge thing.
Like if you look up scurvy, if you look up meningococcal disease in images, you're going to see somebody that looks just like her.
It looks that that's what it looks like because it's
It's pretty much the same problem, which is that membranes are breaking down, blood is pooling in places where it shouldn't, clots are forming where they shouldn't.
And so what other factors are there?
Is she dehydrated?
Does she have really bad headaches?
Do you know that most headaches can be cured with drinking water every half hour?
I mean, some things are so simple that it seems stupid, but it's just the fact of biology.
And so what other vitamins, nutrients, what about hair mineral analysis?
Has anyone done a hair mineral analysis on Alexis?
Because that's another thing that can show you what your other deficiencies and what your toxicities may be, which could make a huge difference in the manifestation, which is variable in this disease and how it plays out in her.
So I would hope that at some point,
that, you know, after she's out, you know, she's basically getting medicine at the bottom of the cliff right now, instead of, you know, she could have had something done at the top, had she known, you know, that there are doctors out there that can look into these things more holistically and try to give support rather than targeting the last cascade of a disease with a really expensive drug that has horrible side effects.

[SPEAKER_11]
So
This has happened before how often does this kind of reaction happen that she?
That she has is this like a one in a thousand one on ten thousand one on a hundred thousand like, you know I've never seen this before but that doesn't mean it hasn't happened before and it doesn't happen often because clearly Nobody's covering this
You know, if it wasn't for social media, we wouldn't know.
We would never have known that this is had happened.
How often does it happen?
You talked about other cases that you were aware of.
But is that is this like a one in 100,000 case?
Or what do you think the?

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, we're always told that it's one in a million, right?
It's one in a million supposedly.
But I would say in somebody in her condition, it's one in one, because she was a setup for this to happen from the beginning.
She already was lacking a protective protein that protects her against complement.
And then they gave her a triple whammy of basically complement and immunological provocations to prepare her for immunosuppression.
Sometimes I just don't even have words.

[SPEAKER_11]
how stupid it is, but, but in terms of the numbers, you say you basically don't know, um, what the numbers are.

[SPEAKER_08]
No, no, I can't tell you that without offhand.
Well, how would, look, you know, the vaccine adverse event reporting system is a bit of a joke and that, you know, that the estimate is that, um, between one and 10% of actual vaccine reactions are ever reported.
Okay.
So it takes a patient to realize something happened or a doctor to realize something happened and then willingness to step up and say something happened and then lodge the report and then the report to end up and stay in VAERS.
Okay, so I was that doctor and I can tell you that just I think all of the reports that I lodged into VAERS, you can't find them.
They're not there.
They don't stay there.
They edit them as they see necessary and they gaslight and intimidate people who lodge more than one report.
So how would you know how would you know the answer to that?
Aside from, you know, if you wanted to get laboratory animals or monkeys or something like that.
But nobody's going to look at this because that's not what vaccine companies do.
They don't look at, well, let's make sure this is as safe as possible.
And let's, you know, let's test this out on as many different species as possible before humans.
That's not how it works.

[SPEAKER_11]
Right.
So
Any ideas in terms of what treatment she should be getting?
Do you think she should be getting plasmapheresis?
Should she be assessed for other blood disorders that can cause low platelets?

[SPEAKER_08]
What's what's really like I would have to sit down there physically and go I would need to examine her I would need to get a really good because legally to protect myself even to talk to you about this.
But I obviously you want to be as thorough as possible the doctors I think now they're on their toes.
So I think there will be a thorough investigation, but you know what usually happens is the thorough investigation will now look for ways to blame her for it.
You know, what, what other genetic problems that she had that could have caused this.
And that's, that's how it works.
And then if that doesn't work, what happens is somebody goes into the room.
and we'll offer the family millions of dollars to shut up about this.
And so that's one reason I'm really glad there's a fundraiser and I hope the fundraiser gets millions of dollars so that they're not even tempted to take the money that may be offered to them in the future so that this never hits the light of day and that we see this happen after court awards in vaccine injury cases, which is why you don't hear more about it.

[SPEAKER_11]
So do you have any doubt in your mind that this was related and caused by the vaccines?
Or do you think it was that these vaccines are safe and it was caused by something else?
What do you think?

[SPEAKER_08]
Okay, I always leave that like a 0.1% that, you know, we can always be wrong.
But look, all arrows point to the timing, point to the susceptibility, point to the pathophysiology of
of what happened here regarding the vaccines.
And so rather than make that as a last possibility, we need to look at that as an absolute top 10 differential diagnosis listing of what happened there.

[SPEAKER_11]
Right.
So in the top 10, the vaccine, vaccine, vaccine, those would be the top 10 of the things that you would check into.
and say that it was probably the vaccine that's the most likely cause.
And there's maybe a 0.1% chance.
So 99.9% it's the vaccine.
That's what the doctor should be saying, right?

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, you know, it's funny because as a nephrologist, when I would show up on the ward to somebody who had developed inpatient kidney failure,
The first thing that we were always taught to do was to look at the drug list and say that I found somebody who had hemoglobinuria, okay, because hemoglobinuria can cause kidney failure.
Rabdomyolysis is a breakdown of muscle which releases hemoglobin, myoglobin actually, it's myoglobinuria.
same pathophysiology, clogs up the tubules of the kidneys, boom, you have kidney shutdown.
This could happen from statins.
And if I showed up and I said, the statins caused this, everyone would go, right, the statins caused this.
Absolutely, statins can cause this.
And we know statins can cause this.
And this person should never get statins again.
We're going to look into another drug.
For whatever reason, when that would happen with a vaccine, which is more than a drug,
that's where my problems began, because I was once somebody who gave vaccines, you know, by the bucket full to people on dialysis.
And it wasn't until patients said to me, I was okay until I had that vaccine, that I started to actually look at what's in vaccine.
Too many coincidences.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, so but back to my question, the doctors should be
pointing their finger at the vaccine as by far the most likely cause if this were an honest society, right?

[SPEAKER_08]
Absolutely.

[SPEAKER_11]
Okay.
I'm not missing anything here.

[SPEAKER_08]
A hundred thousand percent.
Absolutely.
And the fact that, you know, if they're really belittling her and putting her, you know, I suspect that they want to just drop her into a hole that goes to the middle of the planet because she's embarrassment to the system right now.
She's embarrassment to the hospital.
She's embarrassment to the doctor and to
all the healthcare practitioner, I should say medical practitioners there that are, you know, tasked with looking after her, because it looks like they caused a bad problem to become nearly, nearly a more nearly a mortal problem.

[SPEAKER_11]
Right.

[SPEAKER_08]
So
And then she's complaining about it because she knows what happened.
Now somebody just walked in the room and said, and this has happened.
I know people who have had vaccine injuries and somebody comes into the room and says, we're so sorry this happened.
It's completely our fault.
We want to make this right.
And you know, what's it going to take to make this right?
That would have been an appropriate response.
Instead, the complete opposite happened and we don't know where this will go.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah.
Um, so it doesn't surprise you at all that not a single hospital staff member has even suspected that the vaccines might have had something to do with it.
It's not even on their list of possibilities for anybody she has talked to in that hospital.

[SPEAKER_08]
Look, you know, there's a real PAC mentality that goes on in the medical system.
So I suspect that there are numerous, especially the younger doctors, the doctors that just started their education.
I suspect there are nurses.
I suspect there are ward clerks.
I suspect there are people cleaning the floors there that know that this is a possibility and that this could have happened.
But when it comes to the head pack animal, which is the attending physician on the team, if they want to risk their career and start talking about it, then they may.
But I don't know very many people who know enough about vaccination and the physiology.
and then would be willing to risk.
I mean, it's actually shocking that you risk your career by stating the truth of what you saw happen in front of you.
But that's what's happened because as Todd said, and he was absolutely correct when he said that, you know, the pharmaceutical industry has influenced the medical education system heavily and also influences that, you know, the bonuses and the prizes and the rewards that doctors get.
So yeah, it's really pathetic that, you know, like just this happens all the time where people are so sick and they go into the hospital and they think, oh, thank God, I'm finally going to get some relief.
And instead you get clubbed over the head and nearly killed.
And then you just want to get out before things get worse.
It's so common.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah.
So, um, but, and this has been going on for decades and decades.

[SPEAKER_08]
No, no, no, this has been going on for at least 226 years.

[SPEAKER_11]
That would be decades and decades.
Yeah.
So I should be saying centuries and centuries.
Well, when is this going to stop?
If Trump gets elected, do you think that that would be a big inflection point in terms of taking the blinders off of people?

[SPEAKER_08]
it really depends on how much pressure is put on the people around him and how much he's really willing to walk the talk.
I don't know, like Trump knows the deal.
I mean, Trump was, back when Trump was young, he was talking about employees he had that had normal children and then they became autistic after getting loads of vaccinations.
And so he's taken the road of maybe too many vaccines.
But the fact is Todd's right, he's almost right.
Todd still thinks the polio vaccine
Okay, but it's okay, so I'm gonna give Todd free copy of my book Wow
And I've put out the chapter on polio through CHD.
So my polio newest chapter that's been updated is available for people to read if you still think, because that's why I wrote that chapter.
Because the question when I was walking through the hallways, going to the CEO of the hospital saying, the flu shot caused a problem in my patient.
And I think they go, oh, that's really interesting.
Let's talk about it.
Instead, what about polio?
What about smallpox?
That's what I got back.
And I was like, what about polio and smallpox?
I've never seen a case of smallpox.
And so I took a deep dive into the polio history and oh my goodness, I wish I could know some of the things that I know.
And it's all documented meticulously with numerous references in that chapter.

[SPEAKER_11]
You know, all the time I tell people that they shouldn't be getting any vaccines at all.
and I get these responses saying, oh, but what about the smallpox vaccine?
Didn't that cure smallpox?
What about the polio vaccine?
I mean, surely that cured polio.
I mean, so how could you categorically say that all vaccines are bad?
So let me ask you first, you've been studying vaccines for a while.
Are there any vaccines that anybody should take that you would recommend people take before
they get a disease.
In other words, they take a vaccine as a preventative, not as a treatment, because vaccines can be treatments for some things if you get them.
But as a preventative, is there any vaccine that you would take as a preventative to prevent disease?

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, so I don't like to use it should I don't tell people what they should do.

[SPEAKER_11]
I've been all about what you would do.

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, I've been all about education, so I first had to educate myself.
And so since educating myself, I will say that the healthiest people I have ever seen on the face of the earth are children who were never vaccinated and second generation children or third generation children who are never vaccinated, even more so.
Now, does that mean that you are absolutely 100% guaranteed not to get any of the diseases that are targeted by vaccines?
No.
You probably will get measles at some point.
You probably will get chickenpox at some point.
You'll get whooping cough, absolutely.
You'll get whooping cough whether you're vaccinated or not.
And influenza, everybody knows that that vaccine may cut me a break.
Even Anthony Fauci knows that vaccine's really some
subpar.
So personally, no, I wish it doesn't work at all.

[SPEAKER_11]
Are you kidding?

[SPEAKER_08]
So it has negative efficacy, negative efficacy is an actual reality, meaning that if you get the vaccine, and then you encounter a certain disease that you're vaccinated against, that you're actually less able to do battle with it than you were if you'd been left alone because of an entity called original antigenics in or linked epitopes depression.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_11]
So the other thing is that, you know, didn't answer my question.
Are there any vaccines that you personally would take as a preventative?

[SPEAKER_08]
No, no way.
No, absolutely not.

[SPEAKER_11]
Good, just wanted to make sure we got that one out of the way.

[SPEAKER_08]
Like when COVID hit, I basically just sat back and watched.
To me, it was another day in the office.
I'm the only person I know.
There are probably others out there, but I didn't lose any friends.
I didn't lose any family because I was already there when it came to COVID.
And I knew the whole thing was going to unfold.

[SPEAKER_11]
You've already lost everybody.

[SPEAKER_08]
It actually turned out to be worse than I thought.
COVID is definitely one of the worst, you know,
Injections, injectables that I've ever witnessed.

[SPEAKER_11]
Wait a minute.
One of the worst or the worst?
Now, what is worse than the COVID vaccine?

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, if you go back in time and you realize what was in the smallpox vaccines, it'd be a bit of a flip of a coin, I think.
And the joke is that that's our one success, our one glorified success, the one disease that we beat with a vaccine that was so contaminated and so loaded with other viruses and bacteria and animal products that became a quasi species that can't even be genetically defined today.
is supposedly our one great victory over disease.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah.
Okay.
So I want to get into that.
But first, have you ever seen any study comparing the fully unvaxxed kids with fully vaxxed kids that showed that the fully vaxxed kids were healthier?

[UNKNOWN]
Oh, no.

[SPEAKER_11]
Okay.
Have you seen any evidence anecdotal
from people you talk to, from physicians you talk to, are you aware of any evidence that would indicate that you're healthier if you took all the vaccines versus you didn't take any of the vaccines?

[SPEAKER_08]
No.

[SPEAKER_11]
Okay, good.
Just wanted to check the boxes here.
Okay.
Could you tell us for the people who don't know, who haven't read your book, who haven't read turtles all the way down, could you encapsulate in a like three minute summary, the story of polio, the real story of polio and what polio is really what the polio
Uh, that the, the crippling of people who get supposedly polio is actually due to, and also talk about the smallpox vaccine and whether the smallpox vaccine, um, uh, what the story there was.
And also, are there any vaccines that you know of that actually reduce the chance of death from the vaccine from, from the virus?
that they are given for.
So we all know that they have risks, but are there any that actually have any benefit whatsoever?
Is there a single vaccine that you know that actually has a demonstrated mortality benefit?

[SPEAKER_08]
Okay.
Well, that's a bit of a trick question because there are vaccines that have limited the disease.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, sorry for the disease.

[SPEAKER_08]
I'm going to answer you.
They have limited the circulation of a disease in the population.
Okay.
So if you want to look at measles,
The measles vaccine has suppressed the circulation of measles in the population because it's basically injecting you with a live measles virus.
So let's just take that for example.
So if you never develop measles, which if you are vaccinated,
the likelihood of you developing measles in your lifetime is not zero.
You could still develop it later after your vaccine wears off.
And it could be more problematic than it would have been had you got it at the appropriate age.
But let's just say, because we don't know, this hasn't fully played out in the population.
Because remember, the measles vaccines only came in around the late 1960s, early 1970s.
So we haven't seen the lifetime.
Like, I don't know, I could still get measles at the age of 70.
or the age of 80, which would be very bad, but say I didn't, and say measles did stay out of the population, then I can say, okay, we'll give them a little check mark that, okay, maybe they have prevented some morbidity, some mortality, and they claim morbidity by limiting the circulation of a disease in the population.
But then you look at chickenpox, which they've done the same thing with, and now what's happened is that
because people aren't exposed to the children that had chickenpox.
Viruses behave differently.
They're not all the same, the different species.
And so now we, the older people, are more likely to develop shingles, which is a late re-emergence of that same virus after not being around children that would normally keep us on our toes immunologically against that.
So while it may have stopped people from getting chickenpox for a short amount of time, I know plenty of people who've developed chickenpox later in their 20 years later after having had the vaccine.
And it's really not ideal to get these diseases as adults.
That's kind of the bottom line.
You're much better off to get them during the age when the immune system is better prepared to deal with them.

[SPEAKER_11]
Right, so are there any numbers or studies for a direct mortality benefit on you, the person taking the vaccine as opposed to a societal benefit of reducing the number of infections because they're giving you the disease?
But is there any actual data showing that if I took any of these vaccines that I could get a mortality benefit myself because I took the vaccine?

[SPEAKER_08]
Oh, you know, to answer that right now is a bit difficult.
But if we want to stick to measles, we can still say, well, you know, what they would say is that, yes, because if you take the vaccine and you don't develop measles, then you have a mortality benefit.
But can we measure that in the population?
Well, yeah, because less people are dying of measles now because we don't have as much measles now.
So by that, because that's what they would say.
OK.

[SPEAKER_11]
I mean, you'd have to look at the numbers.
You'd have to look at how many people are dying from measles and look at who were vaccinated and who are unvaccinated, and you make the comparison.
And so it's a little hard to do, but...

[SPEAKER_08]
I have another one to tell you about.
Because you're probably familiar with Peter Abe and Christine Ben and all the research that they did on the DPT vaccine, which is it's a different kind of vaccine.
So the measles is a live viral vaccine, which if you want to give it any credit at all, maybe might have a little bit of benefit in terms of it keeps you in a TH one rather than a TH two immunological.
standpoint.
The killed vaccines that have aluminum in them leave you in a TH2, okay?
And so what they've shown is that mortality from other diseases is much higher in the children, especially in Africa, who have received the killed vaccines.
They've done studies also in Europe and found the same to be true in terms of
susceptibility to other upper respiratory diseases, not necessarily mortality because babies don't die as much in Europe as they do in the poor African countries.
So that vaccine, I can say, is the opposite of what the question that you're asking me.
It's been shown.
It's actually been shown.
It's not mythology.
It's not anti-vax rhetoric.
These people are
full on pro-vaccine.
They wouldn't want to talk to me, I can tell you that much.
But look up Christine Ben, B-E-N-N, I believe that she did a TED talk, which she talked about this.
And they have written numerous articles on this phenomenon.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, so there are clearly cases where the vaccines are increasing all-cause mortality.
And you would think then that those vaccines would be withdrawn from the market in a sane society, right?

[SPEAKER_08]
Yes, and even when Peter Abbe commented on that and he said that once a vaccine is put onto the market, they won't remove it.
Well, there's lots of reasons why, but the main reason is that they say that it's unethical to deprive the children of this vaccine because of the potential benefits that they will have.
But the bigger reason is that if the vaccine is withdrawn from the market, then people like you and me and Todd and Angela will talk about it and it will diminish the faith in the vaccination program.
In fact, the 1984 Federal Register
actually said this about polio, it said, it went to all doctors in America, heads of the departments of health saying, any doubts as to the vaccine program must not be allowed to exist in light of keeping the faith in the vaccination program.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, I saw that.
That's in the federal register.
Most people probably haven't seen that, but yeah, I read that.
I was surprised.
Well, you know, they could put a black box warning on the vaccine.
How about that?
Ever seen a black box warning on a vaccine?

[SPEAKER_08]
It'll never happen.

[SPEAKER_11]
It should happen, right?

[SPEAKER_08]
The wall that they have built around COVID vaccination is so scary.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, but in a just society where science is done by the rules, they should put a black box warning on a lot of these vaccines, right?

[SPEAKER_08]
There should be fully informed consent showing the actual potential risk and the actual potential benefits.
The risk will be sky high, the potential benefits will be very small.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, okay.
You know, a lot of doctors think vaccines don't cause autism.
Do you have an opinion on that?

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, I'm not the type of person that will doubt hundreds and thousands of parents that I met when I traveled with polytomy on the Vax bus.
And autism wasn't a thing for me.
Like when I first woke up to the vaccine problem, I was dealing with adults who had kidney failure.
And I just felt like everyone's talking about autism.
I'm not going there.
I don't need to go there.
It's covered.
and but when i started to travel with them and i saw i mean i could just cry just talking about it actually just like you see these little tiny grandmothers following around these giant enormous you know men who who they can't control and they all tell you the same thing they all tell you
that they were developing normally, usually they get their killed vaccines first, they start getting infections, then they get antibiotics, which is another insult on the immune system and the gut, and then they get a live viral vaccine, and boom, all hell broke loose.
They almost all give you the same story, but they show you the pictures and the videos about how everything was fine, and then the first vaccine, they stopped looking at us, the child stopped looking at us,
And then the second vaccine, they stopped looking at us even more.
And then the third one, doctors kept saying it wasn't that and that we should do it because of polio.
We don't want them to die.
Your baby could die.
And then they end up with autistic children.
And then they go on to have other children.
After they're told it's genetic, they go on to have other children, don't vaccinate them, and night and day in terms of their health and their mental capacity.
All I can tell you is that's what I've seen.
And so I don't have a doubt that vaccines can and do cause autism.
And it's just not a risk worth taking.
But the thing is, by the time it affected the brain, that's a really serious as a brain is a very sensitive organ.
There are other organs that are that are affected that may not be quite as quick and quite as obvious.
You know, I think the childhood cancer rates have skyrocketed.
And I do believe that vaccination has something to do with that.
But then, you know, correlation doesn't equal causation.
And that's what we'll be told.
And we know that the SB40 virus was put into humanity through the polio vaccines back in the day.
And we know that that is the perfect war machine, according to the experts who studied it at the time, because it inhibits an inhibitory cancer vaccine, and it promotes stimulating cancer, not vaccines, genes.
It's really simple, but the whole population has been gaslit and brainwashed.
That's it, okay, since the beginning.
Since the beginning, this companion book we put out here, this is full of doctor quotes after the smallpox vaccine was released saying the same exact thing you and I are saying.
and cursing the day that they ever believed that these vaccines should have been given to anybody.
Hundreds of pages of doctor quotes from 200 years ago.
So this is nothing new here.
It's just that they've gotten away with it because each time the truth starts to come through, they zap it on the head.
They have media campaigns.
They bring in a new disease like polio.
Let's bring in polio.
Gain a function happened with polio.
You know, one of the worst strains of polio virus was released in Manhattan with 25% mortality.
That became well known and then the hunt for a vaccine was on, man.
And when that march of dimes started, there was no way that that trial was ever going to end in anything.
except the vaccine that was going to be lauded as the savior of humanity, which is exactly what happened.
And all the media with the children with the limbs and how they were so cute and it was so bad that it happened to them.
We don't want that to happen to our children.
Meanwhile, polio as a disease,
hasn't gone anywhere and iron lungs haven't gone anywhere.
But this is just what happens in terms of changing the goalposts, changing the labels, changing the vaccines and brainwashing the public any which way you can.
It's starting with the doctors, starting with the media and letting it trickle on down.
And then, because that's not enough, there has to be a punishment system and an award system that goes on.
And that's also part of it, which is why so many innocent people were so naive when it came to COVID, got the jab and lived to regret it.

[SPEAKER_11]
And they've had hundreds of years to perfect the system that keeps this in place.
How do we break it?
Is there a way?
Do you have a plan?
Is there a technique?
Is it a lack of money?
What is it going to take to break

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, I say if even 10% of the doctors out there did what I did, it would be over.
It would be done and dusted.
That's why we receive death threats.
Look, you can receive death threats from doing anything, not just giving three vaccines to a child that never should have had them.
More people need to, I don't know, Steve, I really wish I had the answers to this.
We think Trump's gonna come and save us and Kennedy's gonna come and save us.
Kennedy's not an anti-vaxxer, okay?
Just get over that right now.
He's a good guy and everything.
I think he's great for the environment.
He's not anti-vaxx.
Trump is not anti-vaxx.
And I think that's for good reason, because if they were, they wouldn't be in the positions they were.
They would have never been permitted to climb the ladders that they have.
But the truth is once you start to see this, everybody becomes anti-vax when you finally start to see the actual truth.
When you see what we've written, the historical documents, the statistics that we put in Dissolving Illusions, nobody argues with the statistics.
That's what Roman did.
Roman got the death records as much as it were available worldwide.
and plotted that against the vaccine inventions and releases.
And that tells a really huge story.
But that still doesn't seem to be enough for people who still, you know, they're apologetics.
They still have to keep one, well, just in case, you know, well, diseases still happen.
Well, yeah, diseases still happen.
But does that mean that if you're vaccinated, you're 100% protected?
Does that mean that if you get the disease, you're absolutely going to die?
It's no and no to both of them.
And so when people understand the truth in that middle ground, it's not actually so radical.
And that once you're born, there's no sure guarantee that you're going to survive everything that comes along.
But if you're a betting person, which if I was a betting person, I would always bet not having the vaccine as being the way to go in terms of keeping your body
in a sane immunological profile that is healthy and that can deal with disease.
Now, if you're going out and getting drunk all the time or addicted to drugs and shooting up heroin and promiscuous sexually, well, look, you're a great fodder for getting disease.
I say, go get vaccinated if that's a life you're gonna live, because at least when you go into the hospital, you won't get beat up over the diseases that you end up getting.
But as far as promoting life and health, vaccines is not part of that equation for me at all.

[SPEAKER_11]
Right.
OK, so let me clarify something on R.F.K.
You said that he's not anti vaccine.
R.F.K.
has stated that he's he doesn't like unsafe vaccines and all vaccines are unsafe.
And so if there is ever a vaccine which actually worked, that was super safe, that actually reduced all cost mortality, he would be in favor of it.

[SPEAKER_08]
Okay.
Well, he might have said that, but I've also seen him say that he's rapidly pro-vaccine.
I've seen that too.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yes.
See, you have to, there's an asterisk when he says he's pro-vaccine.
He's pro-safe vaccine.
He's not pro-unsafe vaccine.

[SPEAKER_08]
Look, he's done a lot of good.
I'm not wanting to put him down, but I'm just saying that there's nobody in my mind that is above being looked at critically, especially someone who's been in the political system for a really long time.
And it's not a safe thing for a politician to be completely anti-vaccine.
And you're not going to get elected if you're completely anti-vaccine and you're out about it.
So I just pray that they're surrounded with people and policymakers that at least a part of them, that that voice will be part of decision-making where up to now is not even been in the room.

[SPEAKER_11]
Okay, well, just for the record, I've had many conversations with RFK, and he is against any unsafe vaccine.
And if there is ever a safe vaccine that is ever created that is provably safe,
and that has a mortality benefit, he will be in favor.
So that's what he means when he says he's not anti-vaccine.
He's not anti-vaccine.
The concept, the original concept of what a vaccine should be, which is something that could reduce mortality.
And if it's ever possible to create that, he'd be the first one to sign up for it.
So that's what he means by that.

[SPEAKER_08]
I just don't know why it's so difficult to say I'm anti-vaccine.
I just don't get it.
I don't get why people, it upsets me, Steve.
I just don't get why people just can't say, I know the truth, I've read the truth, and I am completely anti-vaccine because I don't believe that there will ever be a vaccine.
If there is, fine, but there never has been so far a vaccine that is safe and effective.

[SPEAKER_11]
I totally agree.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_08]
So why is that so hard?
Why is that so hard to say?

[SPEAKER_11]
Hey, next time I next time I talk to him, I'll ask him about that.
Do you think there's ever a justification for a medical professional to withhold treatment
Saying that you have to get X first and and I'm not saying that X is a vaccine X could be anything.
I'm not gonna treat you unless you Can sing a song for me or I can't I won't treat you unless you Have your knee operation first or I won't treat you unless you first get
um uh treated for this um you know x that you have like is there any ever a justification for a physician saying i refuse to treat you unless you take this care which i think you should get in my opinion um i'm an advocate for medical freedom and what that means to me is

[SPEAKER_08]
And I'm going to start by telling you a case of two young adults that I know that had kidney transplantations.
And they were never vaccinated as children, and they somehow managed to get their kidney transplantations without being vaccinated beforehand, which is almost unheard of.
If you want a kidney transplantation these days, you have to have every vaccine, including the COVID vaccine, before you go in there.
Absolute madness, especially these surgeons and these nephrologists understand immunology.
And here we are, we're putting other antigens into a system that's going to be so sensitive later.
Craziness.
But those people had medical freedom and the outcome of that was that their kidney, normally when you have a kidney transplant, you're required to take at least some steroid and then immunosuppressive drugs on top of it.
Neither one of these people required any immune suppression whatsoever over a period of time.
They peeled it all away and the kidneys are doing great.
One of them, they stayed on just a tiny dose of prednisone just to satisfy the surges, but he didn't feel that he needed it anymore.
So with Alexis, I think that Alexis could have been told, look, we're concerned that you can get sick by these encapsulated bacteria.
That's what they are.
They're special bacteria that if you're missing a spleen or your complement system isn't working properly, you can be more susceptible to them.
And so that's what they vaccinated her against.
But again, those doctors should have known the potential fallout from giving a complement stimulating injection against three different microbes.
So I think that she should have been informed that
She's at risk for these diseases that we do have, and she should have been told that we do have antibiotics to treat them.
And that at the first, any sign of anything that we should, you know, we would want to treat you with antibiotics at the very least.
And you would always have the right to refuse, that we could give you these vaccines.
Here's the potential risk, but in the state you're in, it's a risky endeavor.
So should we just choose to just give you the monoclonal antibody now,
It will probably help the situation in terms of your complement problem.
And we can later talk about these vaccines.
Personally, I think that's what should have been done.
So with medical freedom, freedom to choose, Alexis, as a 23-year-old young woman who's clearly very intelligent and has done her due diligence, could have taken out her phone and started reading about these different things.
They could have said, give it a day, think about it.
Even give it six hours and go read about it.
and come back later.
But instead, they're told, no, the package insert says this, vaccines, and they're told, the medical doctors today are told that anti-vax lunatics are just going to kill us all off and we must fight back against them.
Don't even listen to what they have to say.
Anti-vax is stupid.
They're terrible, horrible human beings that should be taken off the face of the earth.
And so this is kind of the mindset that this doctor would have had going in there, that, you know, look, they're already anti-vaxxers.
That was clear that, you know, Todd's got an opinion about that and that Alexis hadn't been jabbed as a result of Todd's opinion.
And so already they're going to have a slant against him and they're going to get all indignant.
Oh, you need to have these vaccines.
These are the ones that are going to protect you.
I'm right and you're wrong.
And I'm the one with the power right now.
And so you're going to get these vaccines today, instead of saying, look, here's the potential risk.
Here's the potential benefit.
Here's the two pathways that you could take.
I'm going to leave it up to you.
And when you decide I'm going to write it all out and have you sign this piece of paper, which protect me legally, that I've given you fully informed consent.
That's how it should work.
And then any new outcome is on the person getting the treatment.
It's not on the doctors anymore.
It's as long as the doctor could do.

[SPEAKER_11]
Absolutely.
So in other words, the answer to my question is no, that a doctor should never withhold treatment predicated on another treatment.
He should basically say, hey, I recommend this.
If you don't want to do this, that's fine.
Just sign here that I told you this and you declined it.
And so my liability is clear.
And I'm happy to do the operation without those vaccinations.
That's how it should have been done.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, I mean, but look, there's always a limit to that philosophy and that, you know, if somebody's hemorrhaging and their hemoglobin's two or three and they're refusing a transfusion, no, I'm not going to cut that person open and take out their appendix.
You know, I'm going to let them die of their own problem rather than me being the cause of their death.
And so you do kind of have to weigh things out because there's a known, it would be absolutely known if I were to operate on somebody who has a very low hemoglobin or a bleeding disorder that's untreated, that I will be their cause of death.
And so that's the paranoia is that they don't want to be the cause of death and being the cause of death by stopping the actual problem rather than accentuating the actual problem with what they did to me is a no brainer.
I don't know what they were thinking.

[SPEAKER_11]
Right.
Right.
Okay.
So there are cases when it's legitimately justified to withhold the treatment.

[SPEAKER_08]
I think that's why medicine is partly an art and it's partly a science and AI doesn't always work.
AI doctors can be really good, but human doctors are the ones that are able to go, you know what?
I think that we need to look at this a little more closely because there's a bit of a gray zone that we need to understand here.

[SPEAKER_11]
What do you think that hematologist who prescribed those vaccines to Alexis is thinking now?
Do you think that she will do this to the next patient and the next patient and the next patient?
Or do you think that she will rethink what she's done and it would cause her to change her behavior?

[SPEAKER_08]
I don't know the personality profile of that hematologist.
And I think we would need to know that because there are certainly a wide spectrum.
There are some people that when they do something wrong, they're just like, oh my goodness, I can't believe that happened.
How can I ever get your forgiveness?
How can I make this?
I don't even want to practice medicine anymore.
I just can't do this.
And there are other people that would say,
I was right the first time and I'm going to be right the next time and next time and next time.
And then there's a whole bunch of people in between.
And that depends on whether you're a narcissist or whether you're a sociopath or whether you're an honest person, whether you're a spiritual person, whether you care, whether you care more about your own paycheck and your job and your reputation than you do the life that's sitting in front of you.
And so that's, I can't answer that.
But I bet she's saying, oh darn, I bet she's saying, oh darn, not quite those words.

[SPEAKER_11]
Right.
OK, I want to bring Olivia on for questions.
But before I do that, my last question is, can you explain to people, a lot of people think that they have this image of the polio vaccine and the kids in iron lungs and so forth.
And it was the polio vaccine that rescued them.
And once the polio vaccine came out, all of these cases of polio just evaporated.
And it was a great success.
Do you want to tell us what really happened in a, you know, give us the two minute summary of what what was really going on?

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.
Well, look, I'm just going to tell you that the 80 pages that are in this book are the summary.
And so I can't do it in two minutes.
But what I can say is that I was startled by what I found when I started researching polio and that polio is still alive and well today.
Like, you know, you can look at a disease
diseases that put people on ventilators that neurological disease where people end up on ventilators are very common.
And hundreds of them per year would have been called polio in the past.
But because when the vaccine was invented and mass marketed,
They changed the definition of what polio was.
They changed the diagnostic criteria for polio and even Dr. Greenberg and there are other doctors back in the day who testified in front of Congress and they said that even if a vaccine were never invented that the rate of polio would have gone down by 60% or more.
I think they even might have been higher than that.
So the diagnostic criteria change was a major foul play as far as I'm concerned.
So just one little incidence of that is that in the beginning before the vaccine, you could have had, if you had one group of muscles paralyzed on two different exams, 24 hours apart, you were diagnosed as polio and it was considered a benefit to do that because you qualified for public assistance and services, et cetera.
After the vaccine was mass marketed, it was changed so that you had to have two exams 60 days apart.
And the 60 day period, then if you still had that muscle group paralyzed after 60 days, among other things, you could still be considered a polio case.
But the vast majority of paralytic polio will reverse within 60 days.
And so there was the old story about the treatment of the disease is actually causing mass hysteria because that's really a lot of the problem.
Like even measles was mistreated back in the day.
We know that tuberculosis was mistreated with mercurials and all kinds of other neurotoxins, which actually can cause polio and look like polio.
So the treatments of diseases are often toxic and wrong.
So a lot of the surgeons would get these kids in here with limbs that were stiff and seemingly paralyzed and they would sever the tendons and they would put them in casts for up to two years.
And if you do that to mice that are healthy, you'll find that the limbs will atrophy and they'll become unusable just because of immobilization.
So it's a really complicated story in that
You know, polio, what I've determined is that, and my belief is that the polio virus is a normal commensal that lives within healthy human intestines.
It has been shown in Indian tribes in South America where they have all three strains in the intestines.
Nobody knows of anybody that died, that's paralyzed.
They weren't throwing their babies off cliffs.
Nobody had polio down there.
And then you get into civilization
And you see where people are starting to smoke and eat food that's not biocompatible, be injected with mercurials, smoking arsenic-laden cigarettes because it's supposedly good for your lungs.
There's all kinds of crazy medical practices.
It's not just today.
It's going on for a long time.
that actually can cause the syndrome of poliomyelitis.
So poliovirus is just one thing that if it becomes invasive, usually due to other factors like removing tonsils or doing surgery at the time that there's a circulation.
And then there's poliomyelitis, which is the physical entity that's affecting a particular area of the spinal cord or brainstem.
with various manifestations that can be just like PNH can be very benign or they can be very severe, usually depending on the background of the person and what the medical system has done to them.
So we have to distinguish poliomyelitis from poliomyelitis is still alive and well all over the world in terms of transverse myelitis would have been clear.
called poliomyelitis back in the day.
A lot of syphilis was poliomyelitis, arsenic poisoning, DDT.
So there's a curve that looks at the DDT production.
The DDT production goes down, polio goes down.
The polio is still really high in India.

[SPEAKER_11]
Poliomyelitis goes down.

[SPEAKER_08]
You can still get DDT in India if you want it.
You can go into most stores and just pick it up.
So then the vaccines came in and initially there was the injectable vaccine and there were problems with that because guess what?
That caused poliomyelitis in a lot of children for various reasons.
Then they started the oral vaccine, which is what we're hearing about in Gaza.
And then they went back to the injected one because the oral one at one point was now the primary cause of poliomyelitis when it would mutate in the intestines.
So they decided to go back to the
mostly ineffective injective vaccine rather than the more dangerous but possibly more effective polio oral vaccine.
So it's just such a crazy maze and web of lunacy from start to finish.
Yet what is the public left with?
I don't want my child to get polio.
Maybe that's still the one good vaccine.
If anybody can read that chapter and come to me later and say, there's not a grain of, look, did I, am I a hundred percent?
May I have made some mistakes somewhere?
Might I have misinterpreted one paper somewhere?
I'm not.
But look at the whole thing.
Cause there have been critiques of me.
They're all over the place.
Go ahead and read them.
I welcome you to read the critiques of me because I want you to understand everything and put together your own version of what you want to do.
But I think Roman and I have gathered enough information in this book that you should be able to have a more full comprehensive understanding of anything beyond this is a safe and effective vaccine and you should take it.
And if you don't, your child will die.

[SPEAKER_11]
So has anybody publicly challenged you to a debate where we can resolve these differences of opinion?

[SPEAKER_08]
I don't know.
But you see, the thing is, I'm not into debate.
And I'll tell you why.
Because debate is a skill.
Debate is a skill that people take courses on in university.
If I was going to debate somebody, it would have to be a written debate.
And then that would be a whole different story.
If somebody wants to have a written debate about one particular topic, fine.
But as far as having everything at the tip of your fingers and having to be able to get references and how to demean your opponent and all that, I'm just not into that.
But I think there have been people, there was an entity called Isabella B a few years ago who criticized dissolving illusions.
And I spent three months of my life literally responding to that.
And there were a few points that they made where we made an error in the book.
And guess what?
I admitted it and I went back and the next edition I fixed it.
But I also showed that most of their critique was absolute rubbish and why it was.
So look, we're not infallible.
We're just trying to show you another truth with history.
Look at the size of this book.
I mean, we're just trying to show you most of its references.
Don't be intimidated.
It's large print.
It's got graphs in it.
It's got references.
We just updated it and added 200 more pages based on information that has either developed since we published it in 2013 or that we didn't know back then.
Um, you know, it's, it's a lot of stuff to understand here and to be able to go, okay, let's debate about dissolving illusions.
No, we would have to pick a particular topic of interest of dissolving illusions.
And then Roman and I would be happy to have a conversation written that the whole public could watch and that we could have a certain amount of time to respond to how we wanted to not have to do it all like a performance.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yep.
Great.
All right, Livia.
Do we have questions from the audience?

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, and I fully agree with your assessment of debates, Dr. Humphreys.
I mean, it is, it's performance, so it doesn't always resolve any issues.
I want to remind everyone, put your questions in the chat.
We've got lots.
If you want to have your question asked for sure, a rumble rant, I'll move you right up to the top.
And I'm going to start with this question from Dina Lib.
Dr. Humphries, how do we find a hospital that will give us care without forcing vaccines on us?
What a great question.

[SPEAKER_08]
Look, this is why I think that today, more than ever in the world, we need to be looking at core basic principles and tenets of health.
And look, everybody knows what their own sins are in terms of what you're eating, drinking, smoking, or sleeping with that's causing problems in your life.
You need to keep yourself healthy more today than you've ever had to just simply because going into the medical system can be quite risky.
And if you do go in, you have to go in with specific intent, get what you need and get out of there because they have become
dangerous.
Um, they were dangerous enough back in my day, you know, from 1995 until 2011, you know, it was dangerous enough, but it's, it's like next level now.
And, and so you're, you're, but look, I still hear of people having good experiences in hospitals.
I have patients that go in with cancer, they go in, they get treated and they have nothing but good things to say about everybody who treated them and they're anti-vax, but they still have good things to say.
So it's not impossible.
The problem is,
that you are subjected to whatever personality and soul complex sitting in front of you and tasked with taking care of you is.
So you have to be able to be strong and polite and knowledgeable.
So if you're going into a hospital system, it's on you.
It's on you to ask for information.
It's on you to ask why there's no informed consent.
It's on you to say yes or no to everything that a nurse or a doctor comes into the room.
And it's on you to take out your phone
and do a little bit of research and say, you know what, I need about 30 minutes to look into this.
And if you're too unable to do that, then you need to have somebody with you like Todd, you know, who can go in and say, I've got my phone here.
What is it that you want to do?
If you can come back in a half an hour, I want to, I'm not saying no, I just want to see what's going on here.
And I want to put this together.
And I might want to have a phone call to the outside, you know, some of my holistic practitioners and see what they think about this.
So it's really on you to do the orchestration and not to go in there and go, oh, I'm sick.
Please keep me from dying.
That doesn't work anymore.

[SPEAKER_09]
Right.
And people think of doctors as all knowing and are so scared and intimidated by them and feel like they can't do their, and they're, and they were even told during COVID, they were mocked for doing their own research.
So it is really challenging for people that can't think critically.
So.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_08]
And then when you realize there are a bunch of naked emperors running around hospital, I mean, I realized that in medical school, you know, with these kids that came from Harvard,
sitting next to me, couldn't put the dots together.
And I just thought, wow, that's really weird.
You know, I came from Rutgers and it makes perfect sense to me.
Why are you having such a hard time?
So it's not true that doctors are infallible.
It's not even true that they're actually that highly intelligent, quite frankly.
I've met mothers who never even went to university who have far more intelligence and capacity
to make sound medical decisions than any doctor ever.
So part of the reason I wrote, and I'm going to shamelessly plug this book because I think it's really important one.
I think this is as important because this is my journey into and out of the medical system.
And I wrote it because I wanted patients and parents to be able to see that if they could gaslight me, that they can gaslight them so much easier.
And it's got a lot of good advice in there.
And I think it's quite empowering in terms of
of that you're not crazy, that the system really can be quite against you and that there are ways to go in and come out whole.
But the best thing is to just never need the system at all.

[SPEAKER_11]
So you're saying that they gaslit you?

[SPEAKER_08]
Oh, come on, really?
You don't know.

[SPEAKER_09]
Just a little.

[SPEAKER_08]
Okay, I thought you were joking.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, he was being sarcastic.
That's how I took it.

[SPEAKER_11]
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Were you were you gaslit?
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
They attempted to gaslight you.
But my question is, did you actually fall for it for any of the things that they did to you?
Did you fall for any of it?

[SPEAKER_08]
I won't say that I fell for it, but I will say that it did get to me.
I'm still human and I'm sensitive.
When I'm the only person that thinks something in a hospital full of
you know, doctors and experts, etc.
And the club is coming down over my head.
Yeah, I had moments of gosh, am I right here?
And when you see some to get through the vaccine program, and they look okay.
But now after all these years, no, there's there's no way somebody can gaslight me now.
There's no way.
Okay, subject because I've done my due diligence.
I've done my research, I have more knowledge.
And that's parents.
That's what I tell the parents is that if you're anxious,
It's because you haven't done enough reading.
It's not that hard to do.
It's not that hard to understand these things.
You just have to take the time.

[SPEAKER_11]
And so are you able to read?
So conversely, let's flip it around the other way.
You know the truth.
They're telling you bullshit.
and they're able to fool people with their bullshit.
How effective are you in using the truth to tell people and convince them that what they've been told is not true?
If they're very successful in essentially blue-pilling people, how successful are you in red-pilling people?

[SPEAKER_08]
OK, well, so my intent is never to get somebody to not vaccinate.
My intent is always to educate people so that they're not going to have regrets later, so that they understand what they were doing.
So again, people are people are different.
Like I get a lot of letters from doctors who say it's usually the older doctors who have nothing to lose anymore, who read dissolving illusions, and they say,
Wow, if only I had known.
That's really great.
I'm really glad you did that.
I support you.
A lot of doctors supported me in the quiet of the hallways, but never would stand next to me and take my side when I was being criticized publicly.

[SPEAKER_05]
Wow.

[SPEAKER_08]
More nurses.
Almost all the department heads within the nephrology were fired shortly after I left my job because they all, and I'm not going to say because, I shouldn't say because.
Coincidentally, they all supported me, philosophically and in reality, and they were all let go for various reasons.
Wow.
You can pay a really high cost for standing up for what you believe in.
And to me, I never doubted, I never looked back.
I don't want to have to answer to my creator later that I kept harming people even after I knew better.
So that's really the question.
And so if it's somebody that's open, like I get letters from parents who are trying to make decisions about their children and they say,
I read your book and then I went and read the other side and I saw this Isabella B thing who criticized you and they said this and so they want to nitpick and I go okay you know like I said I might be wrong about some things if you're going to nitpick you're going to find little problems but you have to look at the bigger picture here.
in order for you to make a decision, because I might be a little bit wrong, but they're a lot wrong.
They're mostly wrong.
The pro-vaccine ideology is mostly wrong.
And they have the pharmaceutical industry on their side, which means that if I were to publish a paper showing that vaccines harm in one particular way, then they'll publish 10 papers that show that they don't.
And so you can't have just a literature debate because they own the literature.
They own the PubMed.
You know, it's really hard to get something published that shows that a vaccine caused harm.
And if you do, it gets retracted.
It's not just Andy Wakefield that got retracted.
Some geneticists that were criticizing the COVID ideology and saying that it was a little coincidental that these genes ended up in the spike protein.
from a cobra snake and from HIV, the GP120, they're saying that there's no way this was by chance.
Well, guess what?
There was discussion in Anthony Fauci's office because I have the emails.
And then a few days later, Pradhan et al.
were told to remove the paper.
And they did.
They took the paper out that showed that.
So, you know, really high ranking geneticists can even go, oh, this is wrong.
This is wrong.
And then they're visited one way or another.
And all of a sudden they become shy.

[SPEAKER_09]
Question question from Doc's grow one.
Dr. Humphries.
Do you still have your medical license?
How so what medical tyranny have you faced?

[SPEAKER_08]
I am still a registered medical internist in USA I I still am considered a nephrologist even though I'm not board certified anymore I'm still board certified a recertified in internal medicine and
What's the last part about tyranny?

[SPEAKER_09]
What medical tyranny have you faced?
And I think you've talked a little bit about that already tonight.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, look, it's all, it's all been, it's all been meticulously outlined in my autobiography, rising from the dead.
Cause there's going to be a lot of stuff I can't remember right now to go through real quickly.
But you know, it started when I said that I was seeing vaccine reactions to my own patients.
And I actually did a video series, which is available on Odyssey.
And it's called honesty versus policy, and it details my entire waking up process in the hospital and how I was treated by the hospital administration and the CEO, and how they invited outside forces to, you know,
discuss the issues with me, so to speak, and why I decided to leave the hospital and the profession as it was.
It was my choice to leave the hospital.
I never stopped being a doctor.
I still consider myself a medical doctor to the day I die.
They can't take my medical degree away.
All they can do is take away
your ability to practice medicine in their system.
My death threats were very public, and I made it public on purpose because I stupidly thought that it would protect me, and I realized there's no protection.
The FBI will not protect us.
The police will not protect us.
The only protection I have is from the Almighty, and the Almighty might want me home anyway, so there's literally no protection.
And so I've just had to come to terms with anything can happen at any time, and still none of it is worth risking my integrity and the truth as I know it.

[SPEAKER_09]
Terrific response.
From DK Lucas, can Dr. Humphreys please address the attenuated smallpox vaccine that the FDA just approved?

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, well, you know, that's another goalpost changing maneuver, which is very classic within the system.
Interestingly, the dry vax, there was an order to destroy all dry vax.
That was the old vaccine just recently.
All dry vax all over the planet was supposed to be destroyed after it was determined by several geneticists to be a quasi species, meaning that it was made out of horses and rabbits and
human cadavers, diseases all mixed together, including God knows what contaminants were in it.
So attenuated basically means that they take a live virus and they treat it in such a way that it behaves better, at least initially after it's put into a person.
The only problem with attenuation is that things can become unattenuated.
And it happens more often with oral vaccines than it does with injectable vaccines.
But over time, what can happen is that just like with antibiotics, you can be given a vaccine which may very well be somewhat effective against circulating microbes, say smallpox or monkeypox in this case.
And then the society
that's vaccinated well puts a pressure upon that microbe by being resistant to it.
And so that microbe that's still out there can then mutate in order to outsmart the immune system.
And then the vaccine no longer will cover for it.
And then you have to come up with a different vaccine.
Maybe that'll cover this strain, that strain, and that strain the next time.
And that's why we have so many different strains in the pneumococcal vaccines.
It's been said by Gregory Poland, one of the world's leading vaccinologists, very pro-vaccine, owns a lot of stock in the future of vaccinology.
He says that with the current vaccine we have today for measles, we will never eradicate or eliminate this disease because of that exact phenomenon that I've just told you about.

[SPEAKER_09]
Wow, thank you for that response.
A couple more.
An Alaskan asks, what are your thoughts about new doctors trained during COVID?
My new young GP has never touched me in three visits, including for a badly sprained ankle.
Weird.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.
I mean, some of the stories I hear, that's why I say, you know, if you're not bleeding from an artery or, you know, if you're still able to walk and talk, you probably should look outside of the medical doctor kind of arena, unless there are people that kind of escaped that and are practicing holistic orthomolecular medicine.
So the young doctors, so I hear stories like, oh, I went in because I had this boil under my arm and the doctor first berated me because I didn't want to wear a mask because I passed out when I wore a mask and I get a bloody nose when I wear a mask.
And they peeked in the room and they said, oh, it's just a boil.
and gave me an antibiotic only to develop into a cancer later because that doctor didn't lay a hand on them, didn't actually examine them, was so paranoid about COVID.
They're dangerous.
These doctors are dangerous not only because they won't diagnose you, potentially won't diagnose you properly,
They don't know how to treat you.
They don't understand the human biology.
They only understand the Merck manual biology.
So you have to decide if that risk is worth going in there.
And so if I can't breathe, it's worth going in there.
I'm not going to throw everything out.
You know, if I'm in a motor vehicle accident, I fractured my jaw in the year 2000.
And thank God that I there was a medical system to take care of me.
Did they mess me up along the way and the things that I'll probably never recover from?
Yes.
But I'm I put myself back together later.
I've had a lot of fancy dentistry since then.
And it's it's always a risk to go in there, but it's more of a risk today because doctors, they're not as well educated as they were like mice.
Even if you look at doctors that they're in their 80s now, when I talk to them,
man, the experiences they were doing their own autopsies.
You know, these doctors had a really in depth medical education.
They really did the rounds.
And today there's all these specialty services that come in and they draw the blood.
So some doctors can't even draw blood anymore.
You know, they don't know how to hang a blood transfusion.
They don't know how to do the basics.
They're not even touching.
A cardiac exam used to be an art form.
You pick up your stethoscope, and when you got really good at it, you could diagnose the murmur, where it was, what type of a murmur it was, and then you can go verify it with an echocardiogram.
Not today.
These kids today, I tell you, unless they've taken it upon themselves to become artful at it, it won't even be on the list.
They're not even touching patients.
So how could they possibly do something like that?

[SPEAKER_09]
So to use like a sports analogy, they're not being trained the fundamentals of medicine or practicing across the board.

[SPEAKER_08]
I haven't visited a medical school recently, but from what I see what comes out.
I think it's becoming more rare.
Once in a while, I have seen a young doctor come in and ask the right questions and do a proper exam.
So clearly there are some places that are still doing it, but I still think the skill sets that are given, it's not a priority to get young doctors to be intellectuals and to start thinking for themselves and really looking at the whole human being.
The priority is to get people in and out, treated gone.
That's what the priority is.

[SPEAKER_09]
Give them a prescription, sign it, move on.

[SPEAKER_08]
something like that.

[SPEAKER_09]
Tragic.
And we've heard that from many of our previous doctors that have been on the show, similar experience with how it used to be and how it is now.
It's really tragic.
All right, I'll ask one more question.
Dr. Humphreys, will there be an audio edition of the new edition of Dissolving Illusions?

[SPEAKER_08]
Yes, it's just about, Roman just finished doing it and it's just about to be put up.
The anniversary edition has just been completed, so that will be available on
Wherever audio audible, I guess.
I don't know wherever those things go.
He does all that technical stuff.
So Dissolving Illusions dot com is the website and everything's on there.
Everything you want to know about where to buy it.
If you don't like Amazon, there's other places and all the audibles and all the Kendall and all that other stuff is on there.

[SPEAKER_11]
How many how many copies have you sold since the first edition came out?

[SPEAKER_08]
I think Roman's terrible at this, but I think he said something like 100,000 maybe.

[SPEAKER_11]
Oh, that's awesome.
Yeah, it's awesome.
It should be 100 million.
I know 100,000 is good.
Yeah, it should be required reading for every physician in America at a minimum.
And there are about a million doctors.
So I suspect that a very small percentage have actually read the book.
Do you have any idea?

[SPEAKER_08]
If all those hospitals want to order in bulk, we can we can help them out.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, maybe maybe if they do any kind of settlement agreement for Alexis's treatment that in the settlement agreement, they stipulate that all the doctors at the hospital have to read your book.
Wouldn't that be awesome?

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, well, we can all dare to dream.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yes, we can.
It keeps me going.
But dreaming keeps me going.

[SPEAKER_09]
It's part of our super spreader library in the raffle.
So I'll put the link later.
So one of the 20 books will be dissolving illusions.
I'll see if I can get Dr. Humphreys to autograph one for us.

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, I want to also, I want to donate to you in this one, because this one here is we just put this one out.
This is the companion book to dissolving illusions, which
Really, if we could have thought of a better title, we would have because it's a standalone book.
But this is the one that has all the doctor quotes and all the hard to the vaccination tragedies, the Royal Commission on Vaccination.
It's got a timeline in here and then rare documents that you can't get anymore.
So I want to give you one of these to put in your raffle and I'll get that to you.
You send me an email and I'll get that to you ASAP.

[SPEAKER_09]
Great, thank you so much.
Yeah, we would love to add that to the library.
Dr. Humphries, you are dynamite.
You've been one of my favorite guests and I say that to a lot, but you've been wonderful tonight.
Thank you for being here, for your assessment with Alexis earlier and answering all those questions and then giving us so much of your time and expertise.
You've been fantastic.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, you're awesome.
Thank you.
Thanks to both of you.
I love the gaslighting part.
They were able to gaslight you at the very beginning and now there's no possible way.
That was a highlight for me.
Wow.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_09]
And to all our audience out there, we've got a lot of people watching and there's only like 139 likes.
Hit that like button.
Smash that thing because this has been an incredible episode.
Again, thank you for all your time and hopefully we'll have you back sometime soon, Dr. Humphries.

[SPEAKER_08]
Great to be here.

[SPEAKER_09]
Hang in there.
We got a few more announcements.
Steve, what a night.
We've run really long, but tonight we had to run long.
We had to give Alexis the time we needed at the front and of course had to give Dr. Humphries her time and your time with her.
So thank you for such a great interview.
The library, here it is.
We've got a raffle for our super spreader library going on.
Are we going to throw in a super spreader t-shirt?
Not yet, but we're probably open to it.
Ten bucks is the minimum entry.
Buy as many as you want.
And we're going to keep this open until October 10th.
But this is just a small sample of the books we're going to send your way if you win this raffle.
And you can't win if you don't enter.
And Dr. Humphries is going to send us that special copy of Dissolving Illusions.
So I really like this raffle.
Come on and join.
Another announcement I've got to make is an event coming up very soon, Steve.
The Rescue the Republic.
We're just nine days away from Rescue the Republic on September 29th in Washington, D.C.
We will come together in peace and unity to rescue the Republic.
This event is shaping up to be an incredible moment in history.
In fact, just yesterday, legendary filmmaker Mickey Willis, who's a friend of ours, launched his gripping new promo.
We're gonna play it at the end.
We're gonna close with the promo.
The video has already been watched at least two million times in just a few hours.
You can watch the video and share it among your networks by visiting Rescue the Republic site at JoinTheResistance.org.
Yeah, and we're going to play it at the end.
Like I said, you'll hear some amazing speakers at this event, including Jordan Peterson.
He's been added.
R.F.K.
Jr., Russell Brand, Brett Weinstein, Charlie Kirk, Dulcie Gabbard, Rob Schneider, Lara Logan, Matt Taibbi and many more.
So we want you there if you can be there in person.
I know it's no easy stretch, but if you have the wherewithal to make it to D.C. a week from Sunday in nine days.
We would love to have you there.
And in fact, next week, we're going to have a show featuring the Rescue the Republic founders.
Two of the founders are going to be on the show next week.
And we're going to and we're trying to wrangle in a couple of additional guests to TBD that will be speaking at the event.
So, Steve, are you still planning to be there?

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, I'll be there.

[SPEAKER_09]
Excellent.
Well, I look forward to seeing you again in person and any final thoughts on this incredible episode we just had tonight.

[SPEAKER_11]
It was awesome.
I mean, she was just like I expected her to be.
and got all the answers I expected to get.
No surprises.
I thought that they tried to gaslight her and she actually fell for it.
That's pretty stunning.
And that now she says it's impossible.
That's so cool.
I wish that everybody would be in her position.
that they wouldn't be able to gaslight people anymore about what's going on because it's just so horrible and people are paying the price.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.
And she's so articulate and passionate and willing to, like, if someone finds an error, OK, she'll fix it.
Absolutely.
Here's the fix.
Absolutely.
That's what you do.
That's not all the other things she got right.
That's what I don't understand.
Oh, we got you on one little thing.
Yeah.
So I'm just like, yeah.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah.
And then they never publicized the part that they got wrong.
She doesn't get any reciprocation on that.

[SPEAKER_09]
No, they don't acknowledge, yeah, but you got like 99 other out of 100, correct.
And let's actually highlight all the things you got right so we can try to help people.
But clearly, that's not the interest of a medical industrial complex to help people.

[SPEAKER_11]
So do you think that we'll ever be able to get coverage on the mainstream media for Alexis's case?
This one, I think we might.

[SPEAKER_09]
This one, I think we might.
I think depending how she continues to hopefully heal and recover, that's the plan.

[SPEAKER_11]
And they'll chalk it up as a medical mystery.
We don't know what caused it, but we know it wasn't the vaccines.
And that's how they'll position it.
They'll position it to people by saying, this was just a coincidence.
It's never happened before.
It was just a coincidence, but it wasn't the vaccines because if it was, this would have happened before.
And this was just a coincidence.
There was some unknown cause that we're still investigating.
That's how those spin this.
I guarantee it.

[SPEAKER_09]
They're going to try.
They're going to try.
What I'm proud of is our medical freedom community has come in and covered this.
They've put it on their social media.
I know FLCCC talked about it last night.
The Virgin Island Fox is reporting on it, CHD.
So we're getting a lot of coverage and a lot of support and a lot of testimony about this case that they might be able to use.
And it'll be hard
They'll try to find a way for the legacy media if they choose to.
have to cover it because they're not going to choose to do it on their own.
They're going to be forced to like, they can't ignore it anymore.
So they're going to figure out the spin.

[SPEAKER_11]
The spin will be that they'll talk to all of the people who work in the hospital who will say, just a coincidence, just a coincidence, just a coincidence.
And they will never give Suzanne Humphries a call to say 99.9% chance it was the vaccines.
It's the obvious elephant in the room.
They will just not ever get that opposite perspective.
That's the way they do it.

[SPEAKER_09]
No, it'd be great to be able to bring her into the case, Dr. Humphreys, to be part of the team to help get to the bottom of this.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah.
Yeah, help get to the bottom of the medical mystery.

[SPEAKER_09]
Oh, it's just coincidence, Steve.
It's all just one giant coincidence.

[SPEAKER_11]
It is.
A lot of coincidences.

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, I'm going to close this show out with, I'm sure many people have seen it, but if you haven't, another Mickey Willis film, short film, it's just another powerhouse.
It's coming close.
I can't wait to be there.
Hope we see all you in DC on September 29th and see you again here Thursday night talking about Rescue the Republic next week.
Have a great night, Steve.
Have a great night, everyone.
Thank you for being here.

[SPEAKER_10]
Goodnight.
2020 is the code for healthy vision.
It is also the year we were given the eyes to see.
Today, the curtain has been pulled back to reveal the liars at the levers.
They are masters of deception, hell-bent to divide and conquer.
Like magicians, they use the art of redirection to keep us distracted as they trick us.
Nearly every war we have fought was initiated by their propaganda.

[SPEAKER_00]
Iraq's weapons of mass destruction are controlled by a murderous tyrant.

[SPEAKER_10]
As their empire of lies is collapsing, they are becoming increasingly desperate and dangerous.

[SPEAKER_03]
Russia, China, and Iran have announced the three nations are seeking to strengthen ties.
The alliance that's been formed should chill us all to the bone.

[SPEAKER_10]
Their reckless war games have united a deadly alliance.
Everything we have fought for, everything we've earned, and everything we love is under attack.

[SPEAKER_03]
Terror suspects at the southern border... At what point do we say

[SPEAKER_10]
Enough is enough.
Now is the time for the American people to wake up and rise up.
A rebel alliance is forming in the name of liberty and life.
People of every color, culture, creed and ideology are putting politics aside to secure the eight pillars of peace and freedom.
End the weaponization of science and medicine.

[SPEAKER_12]
If there is risk, there must be choice.

[SPEAKER_10]
Cease the expansion of surveillance and propaganda.

[SPEAKER_12]
They are killing us with censorship and propaganda.

[SPEAKER_10]
Stop central bank digital currencies.

[SPEAKER_12]
That will allow them to punish us from a distance and cut off our food supply.

[SPEAKER_10]
prevent political abuse of our judicial system.

[SPEAKER_12]
What we are demanding is in fact the restoration of the rule of law.

[SPEAKER_10]
Secure our national borders.

[SPEAKER_05]
I'm tired of the United States doing nothing to protect the American people.

[SPEAKER_10]
Protect our children.

[SPEAKER_03]
To defend our children and to save an entire generation.

[SPEAKER_10]
Restore critical thinking and education.

[SPEAKER_03]
I think that the time for change is now and enough is enough.

[SPEAKER_10]
And above all, break our addiction to war.

[SPEAKER_08]
The nuclear threat is an emergency of the highest order and we are all in the crosshairs of this emergency.

[SPEAKER_03]
We must set aside our differences, work together to fire those warmongering politicians from both political parties.
Everybody from the left, everybody from the right, everybody from the middle coming together to realize that we have more in common than divides us.
What unites us is so much stronger than anything that divides us.
We are a country of love.
We are a country that care about people.
The one thing that brings us together here today is that we value life.

[SPEAKER_06]
Every single principle on which the West is based is under simultaneous threat.
We must defend the West.
