[SPEAKER_07]
We don't know all cares to blame But we know that whoever holds the faith Nothing will change Our cause is gone and sin And these wounds begin
They can't be one And do you want them to go on and on?

[SPEAKER_08]
Why split these states when they can be only one?
And must we do as we're sold?
Must we do as we're sold?
We can trust our ancient heroes They are turning to dust And these wars, they can be won Does anyone know or care how they began?
They just promise to go on and on and on But soon we will see there can be a war
Sha, Sha, Sha, Sha, Sha, Sha, Sha, Sha, Sha, Sha, Sha, Sha, Sha, Sha

[SPEAKER_03]
Tonight on VSRF Live, famed Google whistleblower Zach Vorreys will be discussing his views on the role AI will play in future pandemics and how it will likely be used to promote misinformation and ensure censorship in support of Big Pharma.

[SPEAKER_01]
I was a Google engineer for eight and a half years and a whistleblower against Google in 2019, risking my career and livelihood to warn the public about Google's plans to mettle in the 2020 election using a program called Machine Learning Fairness.
I discovered this program while searching for information about Project Dragonfly.
probably a fake project meant to misdirect the public.
Make no mistake, machine learning fairness is and has always been the real censorship program.
And it is massive.
The goal was to quote, program the public to align with Google's corporate values.
Those are their words.

[SPEAKER_03]
Good evening and welcome to another special episode of VSRF Live.
I'm your host, Livio Sanchez, and I'm so excited to be here with you tonight.
Thank you for joining us.
We have a great, yet a wee bit disturbing show for you.
Our guest tonight is none other than Google whistleblower Zach Voorhees.
Zach has some incredible insights to share about AI, his experiences, and the implications of his revelations.
You are not going to want to miss this.
There's a lot of news that happened this week.
As we all know, the Supreme Court dealt a blow to the First Amendment and our freedom of speech.
And I want to talk about that with VSRF founder, Mr. Steve Kirsch.
I'm going to bring him on right now.
Hello, Steve.
Welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you this evening?
I'm good.
I just got back into my office.
Yeah, I saw that.
It was a blank screen for the last couple of minutes, but I'm glad you made it to the show.
Big decision was made by the Supreme Court this week.
A very sad day, in my opinion, for America.
And they sided with Biden in the Murthy V. Biden case.
Any thoughts on that?

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, it's covered in my sub-stack, which refers to an article on the Children's Health Defense site.
Essentially, they dismissed it because they didn't believe that the plaintiffs had standing to bring the case.
So in order to bring a court case, you have to be harmed.
And they weren't convinced that the plaintiffs, the named plaintiffs in the case were harmed.
So they're gonna go back and remedy that.
So it's kind of a false pass up to the Supreme Court for this, but essentially the Supreme Court said, you know, sorry, you can't bring this unless you're actually had some harms.
So they'll go back and,
and take another swing at it.
It wasn't the end of the ball game by any stretch.

[SPEAKER_03]
When you say they're going to go back and remedy this, what does that mean?

[SPEAKER_05]
Meaning that the attorney generals, I'm sure, will pick, add some plaintiffs to the lawsuit or switch the plaintiffs, such that they bring essentially the same charges, but with plaintiffs who were clearly harmed by the government action.

[SPEAKER_03]
There was at least one of the judges, Judge Alito, who actually wrote a dissenting opinion.
I want to share my screen here and read a little bit of this where he wrote, the court, however, shirks that duty and thus permits the successful campaign of coercion, in this case, to stand as an attractive model for future officials who want to control what people say, hear and think.
That is regrettable.
What the officials did in this case was more subtle than the ham-handed censorship found to be unconstitutional in Volo, but it was no less coercive.
And because of the perpetrator's high positions, it was even more dangerous.
It was blatantly unconstitutional, and the country may come to regret the court's failure to say so.
I thought that was quite a
actually well-written response and dissent to the judge, because what they're basically saying is the government now can go into these social media platforms, which is our public square, and censor people, cancel them, and yeah, it definitely violates our constitution.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, well, I think that decision that you've got, that opinion, sorry, wasn't a decision, that opinion that you just read,
I would totally agree with that.
But the court as a whole basically says, look, you don't have standing, try again.
Right.
And so this wasn't a carte blanche to tell the government, hey, you know, you're free to do any of this stuff.
If people are being harmed, then it's definitely not an okay thing.
They're just saying that you can't bring a lawsuit if there's no harm.

[SPEAKER_03]
So this week you went to an event where Dr. Fauci spoke at in somewhere near you and we're actually gonna play a clip at the end of the show that Nurse Angel filmed a view actually talking to the people in line and you were trying to say to them that there's been a lot of injuries and it seemed like the people standing in line going in to see Dr. Fauci, they have no idea the harm
Oh, idea.
Right over their heads.

[SPEAKER_05]
What was it?
It's as if it's as if there was a force field in front of all these people in line.
And everything I said just went right around their brain and never actually got into their brain.
I asked them, I said, you know, what did you have that that convinces you that these vaccines are safe and effective?
And so the single best response was, well, it's in medline.
It's in medline.
Yeah, yeah.
And that was the best.
Usually it's like, we don't want to talk to you, go away.
They were down.
We don't want to engage.
They were angry.
Yeah.
And then they'd ask, well, what data do you have?
And I'd say, well, I have the Medicare data.
I've got the US nursing home data.
I've got the VA data.
It's all considered gold standard data.
I have the various data that's also considered gold standard data.
But I said, look, if you have better data,
that shows the opposite, I'd love to see it.
And can you believe it that not a single person was able to answer that question and come back with better data?
See, I always thought I was missing something that nobody would talk to me, but they're still not talking to me.
I'm sure they all have better data sources than Medicare and the Fiat and

[SPEAKER_03]
nursing homes and so forth.
But they wouldn't tell me.
It didn't seem like the people I saw in that one little video in line actually read any data that seemed like they just got their news.
No, they just believed the, yeah, the TV.

[SPEAKER_05]
They believed the narrative.
And if you're a counter that you must be anti science.
I wish I do have a regret
I regret that I didn't bring my GoPro because I got this GoPro with the chest strap, and you put the GoPro right in the center, and I got the external mic kit for it, the media mod is what they call it.
We're going to take out the GoPro and we'll gear you up.

[SPEAKER_03]
I want to play one little clip from Tadros from like three weeks ago because it seems like they're gearing up for another campaign to fight the anti-vaxxers and the misinformation.
And again, I want to clarify, I'm not an anti-vaxxer.
I'm just pro-choice.
If you want to go ahead and
and get injected, that's fine.
But let me play this clip.

[SPEAKER_05]
Hey, you give me a safe vaccine.
I'm all for it.

[SPEAKER_03]
I'm not anti-vax.

[SPEAKER_05]
I'm just against injecting people with stuff that will kill them or hurt them.
The risk benefit, it doesn't work for me.
When the risk is higher than the benefit, that doesn't work for me.

[SPEAKER_03]
Tadros is claiming that not enough people are vaccinated.
Check out this clip.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_00]
More than 14 million children in 2022 did not receive a single dose of vaccine.
Working together with partners like Gavi and UNICEF, we aim to have that number by 2030.
But you know the serious challenge that's posed by anti-vaxxers, and I think we need to strategize to really push back because vaccines work, vaccines affect adults, and we have science evidence on our side.
I think
It's time to be more aggressive in pushing back on anti-vaxxers.
I think they use COVID as an opportunity, and all the havoc they're creating.

[SPEAKER_03]
So they're going to push back even harder.

[SPEAKER_05]
Hilarious.
I mean, I could have said that, just change the words around from anti-vaxxers to vaxxers.
But I could have said the same thing.
We have the science on our side.
Right.
So why can't we have a conversation, you know?

[SPEAKER_03]
No, which is why they want to censor and they are controlling the government.
But on that note, let's move on to our, our guest, our special guest this evening.
I'm really excited for this conversation.
I want to bring on Zach Voorhees.
Zach, welcome to VSRF live.
It's such a pleasure and honor to have you here this evening.

[SPEAKER_01]
Oh, thank you.
It's good to be here too.

[SPEAKER_03]
I'm going to read your bio for those of us in the audience that don't know too much about you and then let you, Steve, have a conversation.
Zach is a former senior software engineer at YouTube, Google, where he worked for eight and a half years.
During his tenure, Zach was involved in the development of key software products such as Google Earth and YouTube applications for PlayStation 4, Xbox, and Nintendo Switch.
While working at YouTube, Zack discovered that Google was engaged in the censorship of what it termed fake news.
His investigation into the company's practices revealed that Google had defined fake news to include actual events and had created an artificial intelligence system designed to classify all available data in Google search.
And in June 2019, Zach resigned from Google, taking with him over 950 pages of internal documents.
He delivered these documents to the Department of Justice and through Project Veritas to the public to shed light on Google's extensive censorship system.
You are so brave.
Thank you, Zach, for the work that you've done and continue to do.
And I'm going to leave you and Steve at it, and I'll be back for Q&A.

[SPEAKER_05]
Thank you, Livio.
So Zach, I watched the episode on...
I'm blanking on it.
Thank you.
Project Veritas earlier today.
So I went through that.
We talked earlier on the phone.
And I think the... Let me start with the biggest thing, which is you took 950 pages of internal documents out of Google
isn't that illegal and aren't you going to get prosecuted for it and isn't Google going to go after you.
There's a lesson here for other whistleblowers that, in fact, you can legally do
what you did, which was actually pretty surprising to me since I would have thought that this had been covered by Google's NDA, but apparently it's not.
So let's talk about that.
And then I want to get into your story and lessons learned and your predictions for the future.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, so in these NDAs that they have you sign when you work for Big Tech, there's actually an escape clause which basically says that you don't have to do the nondisclosure if the company is engaging in illegal activity.
And so what I saw was what I believed was illegal.
And I felt that I was now part of a conspiracy by remaining silent.
And that conspiracy was to meddle in elections, to send congressional candidates campaigns into the spam box.
And essentially what Google was doing was operating as an unregistered lobbyist
for specific candidates that they found, well, against people that they found disfavorable.
And I believe that that was illegal.
And I felt that if I didn't do anything, then what I was doing was also engaging in that criminal conspiracy.
So looking at that clause with the NDA, I was like, this gives me an out to be able to report this.
The laptop that I did use to exfiltrate the data, I ended up sending to the FBI as evidence during my disclosure.
And so, you know, I believe that I did all the right steps necessary in order to clear myself of the wrongdoing that the company that I worked for, Google, was engaging in.

[SPEAKER_05]
Did you consult with a lawyer on this and get a legal opinion before you leak the documents?

[SPEAKER_01]
No, I didn't.
Like, you know, I can pretty much grok law myself.
And, you know, the thing is, is that once you talk to a lawyer, they're just going to drain your money.
Like, they're incentivized to keep on pulling that money into them themselves.
Like, look, I've got three patents under my name.
Right and I've dealt with lawyers before and essentially if you are talking to a lawyer like this you're already on the path of getting financially disgorged so I'm you know this is not something that I needed.
To console the lawyer on it was just very clear cut to me that what Google was doing was illegal.
And, you know, when I blew the whistle on this, if Google wanted to come after me and put me to trial, then, you know, I just use that as leverage to get the message out that Google is doing something illegal.
And, you know, if they want to put me in prison, then, you know, I'm going to be in prison as a conscientious objector and a dissident to this evil criminal organization that is now, you know, trying to control or access to information and rig the election.

[SPEAKER_05]
So you're a brave guy.
because you're the only, and all these documents that you disclosed to the Department of Justice, all what, 950 pages, those were all freely accessible to any employee, any full-time employee of Google.
So it's not like you reached into some secret trove.
These were all documents that any employee at Google could retrieve as long as they used the right search terms.

[SPEAKER_01]
That's correct.
The reason why this is at Google, and it's not like this anymore since this is the disclosure that I did, was all due to the CEO, Eric Schmidt.
He wanted to create this company with Google that had essentially a flat hierarchy and that everyone could see what everyone else was working on because he believed that that would introduce a profound
efficiency improvements within the company and that sort of legacy of what he had built carried on.
into a period of time when Google decided that they were going to invert, become evil, but they didn't change the policy around who could access those documents.
So people assume a lot of the times that I worked on these AI safety teams, and I absolutely did not.
I was working on a completely unrelated projects, and I was able to just do a code search and start finding this stuff.
And it was so out there that I was just like, OK, I'm going to print and save as PDF.
you know, and it just became a game to me where I would just find more documents over time and pretty soon I had 950 pages of this stuff.

[SPEAKER_05]
Now did this include code as well as documents?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, so this did include code.
So one of the code things that I released was the YouTube query controversial blacklist.
And so,
that was the blacklist that they used in order to censor search terms.
It started off, it got injected with the Las Vegas Massacre.
They had this like code red within the company.
They're like, there's a bunch of people that think this is a false flag.
And so we need to like, you know, and dangerous in general.
And so they started introducing this blacklist.
They injected it, I think it was like October 2nd.
And it started off like trying to prevent people from searching for terms like, you know, Steven Paddock,
you know, anti-Trump.
They wanted to steer the conversation that he was actually pro-Trump as like a right-wingers to support the narrative.
And also they're blocking people that were trying to find evidence that this was a false flag attack.
And then it just kept on expanding to, and pretty much for the first 20 pages out of this, it all revolves around trying to block people searching for evidence that certain media events are actually false flags.
But then it gets, it turns into the political scape, right?
Like, for example,
you'll find in that YouTube blacklist that they actually censored the term the Eighth Amendment to the Constitution of Ireland.
And the last term that they had when I downloaded this thing was AMLO, AMLO.
Now, what does AMLO stand for?
Well, that's the nickname of the president of Mexico.
His name is AMLO.
So it started off possibly with noble intentions.
And by the middle of it, they were censoring amendments to our allies and then censoring political candidates within our neighboring countries.

[SPEAKER_05]
And so that censorship list, for instance, the Epic Times would be on that censorship list.
Does that mean that Epic Times wouldn't have any of their articles appear, or does it mean that they would be much lower in the search results, for example?

[SPEAKER_01]
So no media outlets are actually on the YouTube controversial blacklist.
They were on the Google Now blacklist, and there was another blacklist that I released in which there was a whole bunch of media organizations, like they gave me a comment.
Yeah.
Right.
Yeah, yeah, I saw that.
Mm-hmm, they're being blocked.

[SPEAKER_03]
I jump back in because I got a clip from Project Veritas, your interview, that actually has some of the shots from the document.
I'm going to share that if you guys don't mind.

[SPEAKER_01]
Sure, go ahead.
Here is another one of the documents that you leaked to us.
This is, well, tell us what this is.
Okay, so this is a blacklist, one of many blacklists that are at Google.
This particular blacklist is showing which news sites aren't going to show up underneath the search bar when people are searching on their Android phones.
And what they're doing is that they're saying, okay, well, you know, newsbusters, the Gateway pundits, national inquirer, media matters, info wars, they're not going to appear on their search results.
And they're telling people that, oh, they don't have any blacklist.
This is all done.
They don't have any political ideology.
They don't have any political bias.
But it's really clear that they do.
And if Google wants to have political bias and they want to say that they've got political bias,
You know, that is their right as a company.
But for them to go under oath and say that these blacklist don't exist, well, employees like me are able to just search through the internal search engine of the company and see that they do is hypocritical at the least.
And it's perjury at the worst.

[SPEAKER_05]
So on that list, I guess it's just news organizations.
So people substacks like mine or Peter McCullough's or Robert Mullins, that wouldn't have made that list because that was just news organizations, right?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, that was an explicit list.
Now they're doing more sophisticated things like the EAT score, which is expertise, authoritativeness, and trustworthiness.
And the way that you get that factored into your page rank is they look at the person, topic, or website, and they see what the media has to say about it, in particular, Wikipedia.
And if they all talk smack about the person, topic, or website, then
your rankings go way down.
So if you see like an attack that appears on Wikipedia, it used to be like three months and then you would go down, but now it's happening a lot quicker because they're switching to artificial intelligence to calculate these Patriots scores.

[SPEAKER_05]
So Wikipedia is deemed to be trustworthy?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_05]
I'm surprised that Media Matters didn't make it into the, you know, was on their censor list.
I mean, that really surprised me when I saw that because Media Matters tends to be completely pro-narrative.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, and also the young Turks, surprisingly, are pretty censored by Google.
So it's not all right-wingers.
They do have a select bunch of left-wingers that they're also censoring.
I do want to add, too, that the censorship doesn't always go bend in the favor of leftists.
Google completely inverts their censorship in countries like Cuba.
where it's the opposition is right wing.
And so what they're doing is that they're actually censoring left wingers and then algo boosting the right wingers within Cuba in order to empower them presumably to destabilize the country.

[SPEAKER_05]
But all for good motives.
So they think, right?
It's all for we think we're doing the world a favor by doing that.
Is that

[SPEAKER_01]
is that right now people think that google is you know ideologically biased uh... and i don't i disagree with that i think the ideology is actually power and advancing their front front organization according to me that's advancing the interests of the global western alliance and so when you know there's a right wing group that will destabilize a country than they're going to support that because that's in the interest of the military industrial complex

[SPEAKER_05]
Wow.
Is there a way for anybody, like individuals would be, have their content demoted based on this, I forget what you called it, the something score?

[SPEAKER_01]
The E10 page rank score, yeah.

[SPEAKER_05]
Okay.
How could you
determine whether your search results have been messed with.
If you search for something that you wrote, for example, like how could any author on the internet see whether he's being essentially targeted or demonetized.
It's not quite the word, but having his content made artificially lower by these algorithms.

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, the way they can do it is, and this is kind of outlined in their page rank search evaluation.

[SPEAKER_05]
No, no, no, no, no, it's how how could I determine that I am a victim of this de-ranking that G if I if it if it liked me my

[SPEAKER_01]
My articles would have appeared higher up in the search rankings like any way to tell no you like google's not releasing their page ranks course they've actually been asked by congress specifically like what's the page rank score on individuals and google will absolutely not share what their page rank scores are and so the only way that we can determine it.
is kind of by proxy.
You can follow the page rank search engine optimization guidelines that they produce and they have their methodologies in that paper and what they do is they take
you know let's say Steve Kersh and what they're gonna do is they're gonna find your website and they're gonna add a minus in front of the sites so your website won't pop up and then what they'll do is they'll basically grab you know the first two pages of results and sort of creating you know a aggregate consensus based on those you know what the mainstream media is saying about this guy.
And then from that, you can tell, well, okay, well, my PageRank score is either going to be good or it's going to be bad.
And so there's a lot of questions like, well, how do you get your PageRank score better?
And I actually was able to figure that out myself.
I released a book, Google leaks, an expose of a whistleblower and, you know,
surprisingly, when we sent it off to leftist reviewers, they took a look at it and they actually gave me a really good score on that book.
And so because of that good score, yeah, it surprised me and my co-author that they actually liked it so much.
Well, that's amazing.
Yeah.
And so what happens is that you put out data, you know, authoritarian leftists, if they like the content and they write glowing reviews about it, what happens is that your score goes up.
And so literally, you know, when people ask me, like, how did I get my paid, you know, my score up, you know, write a book, send it to these leftist people.
And if they like it and they write glowing reviews, then your your search results are going to go up.
If you look at my sort of
profile on Google search you'll see that There's actually a lot of positive things that people are saying about me and it's because of this book before this book that I had that I did It was in the trash and there's a lot of things that were trashing me a lot of bad stuff came up and then after this book came out and people started writing good things about it My search ranking went up quite a bit Okay

[SPEAKER_05]
So long process.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So have any of your colleagues at Google or any of your former colleagues, since you're no longer at Google, have any of them reached out to you and say, Zach, great job.
I wish I had the courage to do what you did.
So did you get any affirmation from, from, uh, from these people?

[SPEAKER_01]
uh... not anyone that you do you know it's a it's funny uh... you know i when i left to blow the whistle uh... i didn't let them know that i was blowing the whistle i was just you know i was actually is interesting i was actually planning on resigning and then as i was writing my resignation letter on that day i got a call from project veritas and so
I finished up my resignation letter.
Before that, I had let some of my colleagues know that I was leaving and that I was going to resign.
And so I was able to get a bunch of positive reviews of my LinkedIn profile.
When it came out that I was the Google whistleblower, every single one of them took down their positive reviews.
The only ones that I have left are from my time at Google Earth.
And the reason why that is is because all of my colleagues at Google Earth that I was chummy with moved on to other companies like NVIDIA, two are at NVIDIA.
So those are still up at LinkedIn.
I haven't kept in contact with any of the people that I worked at YouTube.
But a lot of that reason was because I was so neurotic because of everything that was happening.
I put up social barriers between me.
I always ate alone.
I didn't want to get into conversations with these people because I didn't want to
psychologically leak out the suspicion about me gathering intelligence on what Google was doing.
With all the crazy stuff that was going on, because it was a crazy time, Trump was the president.
None of them have reached out.
A couple of them have left YouTube that I know of, especially the tech lead that I was sort of like locking horns with because he was more than ideologically opposed to each other.
He was kind of a bully.
And so, no, I haven't actually talked to any of the people that I worked with at YouTube.
And I assume that it's going to continue to be that way.

[SPEAKER_05]
So what Google is doing now with the preferential rankings and so forth, that's not illegal, right?
Because they can argue that, hey, they're a company, they're a private company, people use their service because it gives people the results that they want to give.
And it's Google's prerogative as to how it wants to rank these search results.
There's no law that says they have to rank it in an objective way.
Google can, you know, like where is the line drawn between legal versus illegal activity?

[SPEAKER_01]
Right, so there's this interesting thing about like Section 230, which on its face seems to make all this illegal, because it makes a differentiation between a platform and a publisher.
But there's this interesting individual by the name of Jason Fick that has been going really deep into all of this Section 230.
He thinks he can overturn it.
I'm not so sure.
But what he discovered is that there was some sort of language change where they changed, you know, as a platform or a platform to that platform or vice versa.
And it was this change of like the to a, which basically inverted the entire.
you know wording on its face and if you read it you're like well this is this is blatantly illegal but uh... because of this change from that a the platform verses a platform uh... or the publisher verses a publisher uh... it basically allows google to do whatever they want
and they can get away with it.
There's also a second moat that protects them and that is the form selection clause within the terms of service when you use any of these platforms to upload your content, which basically states that if you have any problem whatsoever with Google and you want to bring a lawsuit, it has to be transferred into the California courts, either the state court or the federal court located in California.
And good luck trying to prevail in that sort of environment.
The whole system's rigged.
I know this actually fundraised and organized a lawsuit called Punch Google.
and we raised $145,000 and then immediately this form selection clause got invoked, got went right into the California court system and then they dismissed it pretty much within the first court.
We appealed it to the district court and then they affirmed it and then that was the end of that road.

[SPEAKER_05]
OK, so I'll give you an example that's sort of near and dear to my heart is that I published as a Google doc the presentation I gave at MIT that was disclosing the New Zealand record level data showing that vaccines cost harm.
And lo and behold, I find that Google has rated this page as potentially unsafe
But, and so, I am the only one that can see the page.
Nobody else can see the page.
But they said, if you want to appeal it, you know, click here to appeal it and we'll get back.
So I wrote a little slide for them saying, hey, don't want to harm anyone.
Can you tell me what I did on the presentation to cause harm?
Because I'm not trying to harm people, I'm trying to save lives.
There's no response.
You're like talking to a brick wall.
It's basically somebody.
Basically, there's a way to complain about any content that's served by Google.
And so once you hit the complain button, then I don't know, is it reviewed by humans or is it reviewed by computer?
And then they determine that your content is not aligned with what Google wants to promote.
And then your content is basically, it disappears from public view.
And there seems to be no way to get it back or to have any appeal whatsoever.
Is that right?
Do you know anything about that process?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, basically it goes to a policy group, and they go and they review a lot of these high level requests.
If you're not a VIP, then good luck getting anywhere on it.
But for a lot of these VIPs, what Google pretty much does is they don't give a response, and they just kind of let you lie in limbo.
Because Steve, you actually have the capacity to escalate this.
And so if they give you an answer,
one way or the other, then that's gonna give a resolution and allow you to go to the next step.
And so what they're gonna do is they're pretty much going to leave it in limbo indefinitely for as long as they can.

[SPEAKER_05]
So what can I do, or am I basically powerless on this?
What I end up doing, by the way, is I have my own hosting site, and I post it to the hosting site that doesn't be platforming, and I solve it that way.
But there's no essentially, there's no work around to my, to Google centering my comment or my content, sorry.

[SPEAKER_01]
I mean, I could recommend the ticket to arbitration or try to sue them, but I mean, I know where that's going to end up.
It's going to just basically waste your time and they're going to affirm it.
And then the problem is, is that once Google fights you and they get that bureaucracy involved in a decision, then it becomes cemented and ossified forever.
And so it's almost like if you want to have any chance that this is going to get reversed.
maybe not do anything, but if you can cause enough pain, they might.
I mean, but the thing is, is you're talking about vaccines.
So I don't think so.
I think they're pretty much, I mean, I think they're taking a back end payment from pharma.
I mean, this is my opinion from everything that I've seen.
And so I don't think they're gonna reverse the decision any way that you can.
You might just get your account banned by Google if you try to press the issue.

[SPEAKER_05]
And so, you know, a lot of these places, it's like login with your Google account, and this is the way you get into our site, and they, you know, sucker you into, you know, hey, instead of username and password, login with your Google account.
But Google can essentially take away your account any time if they think that you're a bad person.
which means nobody should be using Google as a login to any of these sites, or Facebook for that matter, or any of these identity providers that you're far better off using your username and password than you are to using any of these third-party identity providers, right?

[SPEAKER_01]
Right.
So, you know, you're using this process called single sign-on SSO, right?
You're basically designating Google as a trusted, you know, almost like power of attorney.
You're designating them as a trusted provider to provide your identification on your behalf, right?
Like Google can just log in for you and
take a whole bunch of stuff or, you know, they can cancel you.
But I'm actually more afraid of what Google can do if you use them to log into a bunch of stuff because they can start spying on you, right?
Because they literally hold your credentials.
You're giving them the keys to the access of the websites that you're using.
And that's really bad news.
Like, if you become a targeted individual, if the government's like, hey, you know, go after this person, then they can get the authority to just
sign in on your behalf and start doing a whole bunch of bad stuff as if they were you.

[SPEAKER_05]
So are there any trustable identity providers on the internet where you can safely log in without having to use a username and password or they're basically they're all not trustable?

[SPEAKER_01]
I don't think anything is going to be trustable here in too long.
I think Microsoft is more trustworthy than Google.
They're definitely not nearly as aggressive on the ideological front, though they have been involved with MSNBC and Newsguards, so the writings on the wall and what their orientation is eventually going to be.
And so, you know, this is bad news.
And I don't think ultimately any one of these people are going to be, you know, trustworthy.
But there's a big problem.
That is, where is your email host located?
Are you using Gmail?
Well, if you're using Gmail, then they can do a password reset.
They can grab your password.
They can look at your email.
They can then log in on your behalf.
And so it's like, well, maybe you can use Proton Mail.
The risk with Proton Mail is that you have a few bad keystrokes, and you can lose your password, and you can't get your account back.
And also, proton mail is backdoored.
A lot of people think that it's really safe because of two-way encryption, blah, blah, blah.
But I have personally experienced sending off a sensitive email to the Russian embassy and having the email blocked with a 410 code.
which means, hey, we read it as a policy violation, so we're bouncing it back.
I'm like, well, wait a minute, I thought that not even proton mail could read this email.
How are they bouncing it back with a 410?
Well, my only conclusion from that is that they are backdooring, they are looking at your email, they are scanning it for whatever, and when it becomes sensitive, then they're going to let you know that, oh, we actually found some stuff and we're going to block the sending of this.

[SPEAKER_05]
So is there a safe, like what tools do you use for emails, for...
Word documents, for spreadsheets, for presentations, do you use your own hosted version of NextCloud or what do you personally use?

[SPEAKER_01]
For notes and all this kind of stuff, I do use Notion.
Notion is amazing, especially with the document sharing feature that they have.
Most of the stuff that we want Google
Docs for is sharing of documents, like Word documents, essentially.
For spreadsheets, I will use LibreOffice and do a lot of this stuff.
Unfortunately, sometimes I have to do use Google Docs because their spreadsheet is just so freaking powerful, and I don't like Microsoft's online metaphor for their Office suite.
And so if it's not sensitive, I will use Google Docs.
Otherwise, if it's just a Word document, then it's Notion.
And if it's sensitive stuff, then I'll just edit it locally on a library office with my own home computer.

[SPEAKER_05]
So is Notion seems to be a company that would probably go along with the narrative.
Do you know for a fact that they would not de-platform you if they didn't like what you had to say?

[SPEAKER_01]
You know, I think they're all going to be platforming you eventually.
You know, it's all about the amount of time.
Like right now, Google's the worst offender.
I think they're all going to get really bad.
And here's the thing.
People are like, oh, how do you keep yourself from being spied on by the government?
And the thing is, is that if you prevent yourself from being spied on by the government or these intelligence services, and you're a high profile target like, you know, I was on Google.
I assume that I'm a high profile target.
I kind of want them to see what I'm doing.
ironically, because if they don't know what I'm doing, then they're going to start taking measures and they're going to start turning that bureaucracy and start targeting me to try to figure out what it is that I'm doing.
And I think that a lot of these people that get killed, especially with the crypto guys, their security operations are actually pretty
pretty big and so you know this makes the intelligence services really nervous like what's this person up to what are they doing how much funds do they have now you've got a bureaucracy that's turning around and coming after you where if you just let them have access some low-level guy can check in and write a report and then they go on to the next person and so that's actually my sort of like security you know protocol
It's pretty non-standard with everything that everybody else is saying, but at this day and age in the surveillance society, you know, just you're gonna be safe if you just let them kind of spy on you.
The big thing is how do you prevent yourself from getting censored, which I think is the much more important question.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yes, absolutely.
And what was the reaction?
We spoke on the phone earlier and you said that
Your going public with this information has caused Google employees to have second thoughts about working for their employer or their job happiness, and that it resulted in Google being purged of anyone who had a conscience.
And the people left that are working at Google are all people who don't have a problem with any kind of censorship or manipulation.

[SPEAKER_01]
Right, so one of the big goals with this disclosure was, well, first of all, I wanted to get the law to crack down and enforce laws on the books.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, and tell us what happened with the Department of Justice because they met with you, you met with them in Washington, they took your testimony
And then tell us what happened.
I think you'll find this most interesting.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, so after I disclosed this, I got a meeting through intermediaries to meet with the Department of Justice.
I can't remember what the guy's name was, but he was like the guy running it actually interviewed me.
And he had some assistance.
They took copious amounts of notes of everything that I was saying about what Google's up to.
And then a bunch of, I think it was like 48 attorney generals
Um, I think even went up to 52 because of the two territories of, uh, of the United States, like Puerto Rico and someone else.
And I was like, Oh man, they're really going to do something.
Right.
And then, uh, then nothing ever really happened.
My, you know, my suspicion that I can't, I'm not saying this as an assertion is I think there was some sort of extortion that people in government sort of did against Google to make this go away.
And now what we have is we've got this sort of like fake antitrust thing that is sort of in the place of a real antitrust investigation.
And so I do think that something's going to happen.
And the reason why is that Google created this parent company, Alphabet, and they transferred their patent portfolio into this and a bunch of their
critical assets, as almost as if Google got whacked with a hammer for an antitrust investigation, then all the good parts would stay in the parent holding company of Alphabet.
And so, you know, I think that there is going to be some sort of antitrust that breaks them up eventually.
And then, you know, the Western Global Alliance is basically going to do a bad guy rotation.
Right?
Like, you know, they get a front group.
They do a bunch of bad stuff.
There's this huge public reaction.
And then that entity goes down.
And everyone's, oh, we finally like won.
And then they just rotate a new bad guy with a clean history that comes out of nowhere and then becomes the next bad guy.
It looks like Sam Altman and OpenAI is looking to take that position.
And I think that AI is going to absolutely destroy what Google's principal
monetary value is, which is delivering ads, because who's going to want to search for, you know, through and wade through shitty search results when you can just ask the AI and get the exact answer right away, right?
And
And yeah, now the second goal that I had was like, well, if we can't get legal action to go after Google, then the second goal, which I thought was much more achievable, was to create a media event to principally demoralize the employees at Google that were responsible for advancing this machine of evil.
Because a lot of these leftists, they
They are grounded in some sort of, you know, collection of facts.
Those are filtered facts are living in an echo chamber, but they still have.
Facts that they believe are true that they rest their ideology on and so what there was before I blew the whistle was a lack of information related to.
Google's evil deeds, the rigging of the elections, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera.
And so with this disclosure, what I wanted to do is I wanted to put out into public record specifically what Google was doing, bring all the receipts, show people exactly how Google was manipulating, how they were lying to Congress.
And now the only people that are going to be able to effectively work in that company are going to be so siloed out
that they're going to be blinded from all of this information that's out there.
And the other group that's going to continue to work there are going to be basically, you know, disaffected, you know, classical liberals that, you know, they're not really motivated.
They don't really believe in the company, but they believe in their paycheck.
And so they're going to sit there and sort of live as comfortable parasites at the company and drain their resources.
And I know that this has been achieved.
And I also know that the third part of this is I also want to Google to start locking down.
Because I had this amazing opportunity between Eric Schmidt and Wade the Ed, this open transparent company.
And then post disclosure, Google has locked down.
And this was my anticipation, is that they were going to lock everything down, need to know basis, sort of like the CIA, and that this was going to really sort of be an uncomfortable and rough transition
And as a result of this, it's really hard to get any work done at Google now.
And I know this because I was actually confronted
by a former friend of mine at his brother's funeral, no less.
And once he saw me, his eyes got real big, and he's like, oh, it's you.
And then he's like, you effed up everything at Google.
It sucks to work there now.
And then this is the most surprising thing.
He said, I'm actually glad that you leaked all that stuff because it proved that Google was doing nothing wrong.
You know, it's just like brainwashed all the way to the very end.

[SPEAKER_05]
Proved Google was doing nothing wrong.
OK.
Let's I want to switch topics to AI and we were talking about Claude and a writing code and you were saying that that's a complete breakthrough that because I was complaining that when I have these AI large language models write code for me.
The code usually has bugs in it and I have to say, well, you know, got an error message and they said, oh, my mistake.
Here's the new one.
And you try that and you may have to go through a few iterations and you finally get the right answer.
But you were saying that you're using quad AI.
and that it's a complete breakthrough for writing code.
So I'm sure there are a lot of people who listen to this who are software engineers.
Do you want to give us a brief description of Claude and what you found?
And then I'll go into the future of AI and what you think is going to your predictions for what's going to happen over the next five years with AI.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, so my first thing is that, you know, before I go into the models and how they've improved, most of the people are using AI in an inefficient way.
And that is, is that they open up a chat window, they copy their code, they paste it in, and then they ask to make a change, and then it does that change, and then they paste it back in.
That sucks.
And that is not going to give you very good results.
There's this new tool that was introduced, like I think three months ago, it was called AderChat.
And I actually wrote a front end to that that makes it a lot easier to install and use.
You can just do it with a pip install.
advanced dash AI code.
That's going to drop something into your terminal.
You have to have a Python installed.
But what the way this chat bot works is that you add files to the chat.
So it's a cross file evaluation.
So what you can do is you can bring a huge amount of context into it.
And when it does its edits, it can edit across entire files.
And this has been actually a really big game changer.
It's turned me from an explicit coder to more of an intention-based coder.
uh... you know we started off with uh... with chat gpt turbo three point five uh... and it sucked it was kind of a toy and then four point okay now and then all of a sudden it was like well now we're starting to get really good and then chat gpt four all came out and for all of the like uh... super fast but uh... between four four was uh... claud claud opus came out super slow but slightly better at the code
And then Sonnet came out.
This is Claude 3.5.
Sonnet is an absolute game changer.
It's like the largest leap that we've had.
It's actually surprising me because I didn't think we're going to have this large of a leap in code quality until this Sonnet AI engine came out.
It's writing code and it's getting it right the first time.
And I think that somebody said that they were able to run all of the, um, LEET coding interviews questions and it like got a hundred percent, right?
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_05]
Wow, that's pretty cool.

[SPEAKER_01]
It's incredible.

[SPEAKER_05]
And it can write SQL code.
It could write Python code.
It can write Rust code.
It can write anything you want to write in.

[SPEAKER_01]
C++, Python, JavaScript, HTML, CSS.
You can throw whatever you want at it.
It's going to know.
And it's amazing, too, because what I'm doing now to generate SQL queries and updates is I'll actually just dump the schema
throw it into an AI, and then that scheme is in JSON format.
So it's not even in SQL.
Then from that JSON, I ask it to generate a query that will query between different tables and do a join.
Then it writes it out, it nails it on the first shot, and it's amazing.
I'm not an SQL writer.
I've never done a lot of database stuff, but now I can just fly through all the database issues that I need to solve.

[SPEAKER_05]
Amazing.
Claude Sonnet 3.5, is that right?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
And you can just get your, it's from Atthropic.
You can log in, get your API key, throw it into my AI code, and then, you know, just run it on your get repo and start editing files.
And you can upload as many files as you want to it?
You can upload quite a bit.
The context window is generally huge.
As long as the edits aren't that big, I mean, I could even just show you right here.
It's just pip install advanced AI code.
You do that.

[SPEAKER_05]
There you go.
This is live, folks.
This is live.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, this is live.
But I'm not going to spend too much time on that.
But that's how you do it.

[SPEAKER_05]
Awesome.
Great, so I learned something that may be useful for me in the near future.

[SPEAKER_01]
You should literally get every single developer that reports to you to use this tool because they will forex their productivity.
Even in languages they don't even know.
It's going to be like 10x, 20x.
It's indescribable.

[SPEAKER_05]
So have you been able to red pill, like I don't know what your views on vaccines are, but mine are pretty well known, but I've never been able to really red pill any of these large language models.
And I did go before the show and I asked Claude, so are the vaccines safe and effective?
And it says, well, you know, according to the evidence out there, largely safe and effective.
And
you know, individuals may have some issues, but generally considered, you know, grass, essentially, generally regarded as safe is the response.

[SPEAKER_01]
No, you can't.
The guardrails are too strong on these closed models.
Last week or the week before, there was a research paper that got released, which was a surprise.
And that is, is that they were able to break the guardrails on these open source models.
And the way that they're able to do it, it's actually very similar to, you ever see the movie, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind?
No.
So it's a movie where Jim Carrey is, he's romantically involved with this woman and they start off totally in love with each other, but then something happens and they fall out of love and they have a toxic relationship and they both want to forget the existence and so there's this doctor that can wipe memories and the way that he does it is he gets the people to remember all the memories that they had with this person as they do that different parts of their memory light up.
And when those parts of the memory would light up, he basically does targeted brain damage through his machine to wipe the memory.
And through Jim Carrey recollecting all of this, all these memories, he actually realizes that he doesn't want to lose his girlfriend.
And so he's trying desperately to like save the memories, but he's unconscious dreaming.
And so, you know, it's a great movie.
The AI researchers essentially have figured out the exact same thing with these open source models.
What they do is that they basically scan it by carpet bombing it with questions and then receiving what the answers are.
And through the answers that the large language models can give, they can get a map of where all the guardrails are.
We're talking like hundreds of thousands of questions, if not millions, right?
Of all these different topics, right?
Database, just.
And they get this map of where all the guardrails are.
And what they do is that they apply fine-tuning based upon new questions and answer pairs, which is how you fine-tune these models, by the way.
They create specifically targeted questions and answers.
They fine-tune this.
And what happens is they destroy all of the guardrails from these open source models and revert them into an uncensored state.
And that just came out two weeks ago.
So all of these open source models that Facebook is doing, all this kind of stuff, these are now all going to be cracked.
And essentially, yes, you can red pill, open source, large language models.
There's one last thing I do want to talk about this subject, and that is that I've been helping Mike Adams build a large language model.
It's a 7 billion parameter thing.
He just released it, open source, I think yesterday.
Um, and essentially what we're doing is we're taking the media content of all of these, um, you know, anti, calm anti-vaxxers, but vaccine truthers and, uh, you know, health truthers and we've, uh, like I wrote the data pipeline for this, right?
So we, we, we take all their content, we turn into transcriptions, we generate Q and A pairs, then we fine tune these open source models.
And what we do is we create, uh, sort of like an anti-woke
a large language model that gives way better answers than this garbage that you're going to find on open AI.

[SPEAKER_05]
Is that available for people to query now?

[SPEAKER_01]
They'll be able to download, you can query it with GPT for all.
Also, if you'd like to have a digital form of Steve Kirsch, you should reach out to Mike Adams because he can digitize your essence based upon everything in your substack and everything you ever said.

[SPEAKER_05]
So we'll talk later because I think it'd be extremely valuable not to have a biased
large language model, but to actually have an unbiased large language model, and you train it on all the scientific literature, the blue-pilled literature as well as the red-pilled literature, and then you ask it to sort out who's telling you the truth.
Because anybody could go and say, hey, you know, we're gonna train it on this anti-vaxxer stuff, you know, and then it turns into an evil, you know, large language model,
a model then becomes a anti-vaxxer model.
No surprise.
But I think what would be extremely valuable is if you said, look, let's just see if the AI can figure out the truth here.
We're not going to have any guardrails on it.
We're going to train it with the CDC's papers, the papers in the peer-reviewed literature, train it on all the stuff in the peer-reviewed literature.
We'll train it on stuff in Met Archive, which has not yet been peer-reviewed.
We'll train it on retracted papers as well as the best stuff.
And say, OK, sort through all of this and tell us what's really going on.
I think that would be phenomenal.

[SPEAKER_01]
I agree.
I'd also like to see sort of like a collection of large language models being fed different sorts of information and then have them basically make their best guess arguments for and against and then have another AI that takes in their answers and then basically decides on what the real narrative is based upon, who won the debate.
And one of the things that I think is that these models that are fed truth rather than censored information are going to be able to smoke these censored models in terms of debate.
You can just look at some of these models.
No matter how powerful when it's like a lie, they don't do a very good job at trying to be convincing.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, so could you actually, you know, suppose we train a model, the other way to do this is you train a model on the anti-back stuff, and then you have the blue-pilled model, which you can get anywhere, and could they actually have a debate between themselves with that work?

[SPEAKER_01]
Oh yeah, oh yeah, 100%.

[SPEAKER_05]
Ah, this would be really interesting.
OK. All right, so let's spend a few minutes on the future of AI, and then we'll open it up for questions.
So your view is, is AI going to be a force for you?
You know, obviously, AI can be a tremendous force for good and saving people enormous amounts of time.
And so there are great aspects of AI and some suggestions that the government shouldn't get involved in regulating it because they end up messing things up.
What's your view in terms of whether the government should regulate AI or not
And if they should regulate AI, then what are the parameters around which they should regulate?
Because they tend not to listen to you, right?
And then they regulate AI in ways that you don't want and that are bad.
And then what do you think is going to happen?
Like in five years from now, if you were to crystal ball here, are we all going to be working for the large language models?
Or what's going to be different five years from now?

[SPEAKER_01]
This is so deep, this question that you're asking.
Ultimately, I would like to see regulation on artificial intelligence.
The problem is that we got this geopolitical rival, China.
And the problem that I have is
everyone all the talk about regulating a i has been unilateral regulation like europe in the united states is like hey let's regulate this stuff and it's just like well uh... are you gonna at least have a conversation with china right because if you don't have a conversation with china then up the regulations is going to guarantee our extinction cuz china's going to keep on doing they see this is you know uh... you know avenue of power and that the problem is is that we are not close to the saturation point on these uh...
on these artificial intelligences.
And it's not just like one exponential curve, but it's like three different exponential curves.
The first baseline is that compute is exponentially increasing.
Two is that we are coming up with better ways of training, like little algorithmic efficiencies.
And then the third one is this unhobbling process.
Like a lot of these large language models are actually way smarter than
what they seem, because what's happening is that we're not able to access all the latent space on it.
So let me give you an example.
If you're like, give me a binary search, write in Python or write in C++, it's going to give you an answer.
And then if you're like, well, write this binary search in the way that John Carmack would write it, you're going to get a different answer.
It's going to be way better, like reverse square root or inverse square root, for example.
John Carmack wrote, he was famous for that implementation.
And so this accessing of this latent space is what is being termed unhobbling.
And so the big unhobbling that they're actually training right now, if you look for the job openings for OpenAI, they're trying to recruit Python programmers to go through and not only solve the problem, but list out all their steps in a simulated chain of thought that they're going to train this AI on.
And so it's this chain of thought that they're going to train this AI.
And it's going to basically first think about the problem, come up with a strategy, and then try to solve it like that.
What's gonna happen is that this AI is on a super exponential scale.
If you draw sort of like the line of where this is going on a logarithmic graph, what you're gonna see is that we're gonna get smarter than any single person that's ever lived combined by about 2027.
That's gonna be immediately used as an AI researcher.
right because who cares about medicine who cares about like you know the annex sort of cement we're gonna care about creating a better a i because that's what's going to set us apart from our adversaries and so once you get that really smart a i and here's a thing like once you train this model right it's basically like an eight gigabyte csp file like you just copy and start like you know uh... and all the sudden you're gonna have a million of these super smart a g i researchers developing the next version of a i we basically get into a super exponential
intelligence explosion.
And so we can't really regulate this stuff right now because we need to basically push the envelope and figure out who's going to be the dominant winner.
Because I don't think that we're going to be able to live in a system in which there isn't a undisputed world champion sitting at the throne of the planet.
and if we can that's the only system that i see going forward that's going to be stable if you have any other sort of like thing we have geopolitical rivals right before we had mad with nuclear bombs but now we've got a i and these biological terror attacks that can be done you can't stop it you can't detect it you can't seize it at the border right they can live within a vial liquid in you know whatever and you can just release it and all that let the the chips follow they are
Also, you can genetically engineer it, so it only goes after certain particular races.
Or maybe it's obtuse and it just destroys all the million life forms on the planet.
Hell, you could create a bacterial gray goo that's more efficient at replicating than any known life organism on the planet, and that's just going to sit there through photosynthesis and take over the planet and convert it into itself.
you know in order to prevent these like terrible scenarios their needs the only way i thought about this for ever like is there any other stable system other than a world monarch at the throne i don't think so so i think what's going to happen is that this whole multi-polar world order i think that's all giant psi up i think the elites are getting prepared for
a giant war to figure out who's going to be on top and then once that is decided then they're going to turn around and put everyone else under surveillance so some rogue dissident can't go and create this biological life form that you know kills off the elites or the or the mammalian life forms or you know creates a great goo that takes over the planet.

[SPEAKER_05]
Okay.
How about using it for good?
If you were to go and ask the best AI model, how do we solve the conflict in Ukraine and Russia?
Or how do we solve what's happening in Israel and Gaza?
And I've never done this.
I've never gone to the language models and asked these questions like, how do we solve this?
Or how do you think this is going to end?
What would they say?

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, if it lies to you, I'll tell you a bunch of steps to solve the conflict and reduce it.
But if it's being truthful, it's going to be like kill the elites that are planning this and trying to manage the conflict as a way to wash the tax base out of their money and funnel it into the transnational security elite.

[SPEAKER_05]
So it's basically, it's basically which model you ask, you'll get a different answer.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
And the elites aren't going to want a large language model to recommend that we assassinate the people that are causing this conflict.
That's going to destabilize the system.
So we're probably going to get a bunch of establishment answers on what we can do to solve the conflict.
And the conflict won't be solved until the elites want it to be solved.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
OK. Well, let's open it up for questions.

[SPEAKER_03]
Fascinating conversation so far.
Thank you both.
Before we get into questions, I wanted to share a clip from Joe Rogan bringing it back to the user level on AI.
Played this for you earlier before the show.
Let me play it for our audience.

[SPEAKER_02]
There's all sorts of laws being passed that allow them to look at any computer, any laptop, any phone.
They're going to be able to bypass encryption with AI.
I was just watching a video where a security expert was talking about that.
He was talking about.
What's that guy's name?
Rob Braxman.
He was talking about how AI in your operating system, like once they get AI in your operating system, all this stuff like Signal and WhatsApp, encrypted end-to-end, encrypted devices, that's nonsense.
It's not going to work anymore.
It's not going to do anything.
They're going to be able to get your information before it's encrypted, as you're typing it, before you send it.
Everything is going to be transparent.
They'll have access to anything they want, anything you have on any device.
It doesn't matter what kind of encryption and what kind of bullshit you're using.
Oh, that's out the window.

[SPEAKER_03]
So is that accurate?
Anything you put into any of your devices, like there's no security, there's no privacy at all.
It's gone out the window.
The only way is to not use

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, we're in this like, we're in this like weird transitionary phase where we still have this like human based bureaucracy.
And so, you know, basically you've got information siloed and all these different services.
And it's quite a bit of process to get at that information, but they will do it.
I think what's going to happen in the trend in the future is it's just going to be streamlined so that when they want to get your signal, your Gmail, your proton mail, whatever, they just like get it on a dashboard and then by typing in your name.
And I think that this whole thing that it hasn't happened yet is part of the PSYOP.
I think that it's already happened.
It's just complicated to get and in the future it'll be easier.

[SPEAKER_03]
That's a great transition to our first question of the evening from Messianic 2002.
Zach, do you think the Department of Justice and the FBI has the same influence at Google as Facebook and Twitter?

[SPEAKER_01]
I mean, they have hard power, right?
Like, they can go into the office at any point and just, like, take a bunch of computers and arrest a bunch of people.
They don't have the same power of influence.
They still have this human-based bureaucracy that they're working through that's antiquated.
You know, Google's got way more influence than the FBI does, the DOJ.
But they don't actually have hard power, right?
Like, I blew the whistle, you know, and I took their laptop, sent it to the FBI.
Google's not doing anything to me.
And, you know, that's really important to know.
And so it's, it's all about like, what are you measuring?
Are you measuring it by influence over the society?
Well, that's Google.
If you're measuring about, you know, monopoly on violence, then it's the state.
Which one's going to win at the end?
Who knows?

[SPEAKER_03]
Right.
Yeah.
Who knows?
Um, this is from Michael J.
Awesome, Zach, but isn't department adjusted part of the censorship thing?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, I mean, they're controlled.
There's a superstructure that is, you know, overlaid on top of all these different entities with the appearance that they're separate, but at the very top, they're colluding.
Like I said, there's going to be a consolidation going forward where all this information gets streamlined, so it gets sent directly to the government, directly to the military, or whatever.
Basically, it's going to be sent, you know, basically, you've got n different, you know, data capturing sources that they're going to crosslink into
the, you know, the state paramilitary forces like the FBI, the military itself, Google, whatever.
And then eventually everyone's going to have cross-reference access to all these services at the, you know, typing in a query.

[SPEAKER_03]
From Carol Briz, what search engine does Zach recommend?
Does he use any VPN company to protect his identity in searching?

[SPEAKER_01]
Like I said, I don't use any sort of like masking or cloaking thing other than like proton mail because I want the intelligence services to be able to have access to me so that they'll leave me alone.
A low level person can search and get information, right?
The report then it's not going to kick the higher level bureaucracy to try, you know, like their encryption breakers, whatever, like once you get the machine targeting you,
That momentum and that inertia is hard to stop.
And I don't want to get put on a list.
I don't want to really cloak what I'm doing.
Everything I do is pretty much out in the open.
And if they decide to blow my brains out one day, then it's going to be very complicated for me.
And at this point, the path of least resistance is just to leave me alone.
And I use Bing, I use DuckDuckGo, I use searchstoprave.com, and then I will also use Google when I can't find the answers elsewhere.

[SPEAKER_03]
Thanks for explaining it that way, because that's sort of without knowing my philosophy.
It's like I don't try to hide anything, because somehow it feels like I'd be targeted more.
So I just sort of like, all right, I'm just going to use my iPhone and just be out in the open about anything and everything.
Yep.
Question for Steve from Ann Alaskan.
You have interviewed several whistleblowers in the USA, New Zealand, Canada, and Europe, I believe.
Can you describe the differences among legal responses?

[SPEAKER_05]
Among legal responses.
You mean to the whistleblower in terms of how they attack the whistleblower?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, I'm not sure, but it sounds like when Zach earlier in the conversation was talking about
what he did and went through versus like the New Zealand whistleblower.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, or like in Protocol 7 where there was a whistleblower inside of Merck.
And I think each of these cases is pretty unique.
So, for example, Barry Young, whistleblower in New Zealand, he felt compelled to disclose the information that is being kept private by the public health authorities, and they went after him on criminal charges.
And it was ridiculous because the criminal charges say that he did it
be forced for self-profit effectively.
The charge that they brought against him was, oh, you're using this information so that you could profit from it.
And he said, no, I'm just trying to save lives.
And so that's a ridiculous case.
where they're charging him.
Now, in the other case where there's a whistleblower like in Merck in Protocol 7, and I was just talking with Andy Wakefield just before the VSRF the show today,
And I asked him, I said, you know, I had not heard this story before.
And he said, yeah, that's because it's under seal or it had been under seal.
It turns out that the lawsuit is now not under seal anymore.
So anything going forward in that case where there are whistleblowers are saying, Merck basically was defrauding the US government and the US public on the MMR vaccine.
Anything going forward in that case is now not under seal.
And the reason they had it under seal before is because they didn't want pressure to be put on the whistleblower.
They didn't want the whistleblower to be known.
The whistleblower was not the woman depicted in the movie.
She's just a way to convey the story.
It didn't happen quite like in the movie, but the point is that there was a Merck whistleblower, and we know what his name is, but it's not really publicly well known.
And I think that case is still dragging on after 10 years.
10 years?
Yeah, which is extraordinary.
And nobody's going after the whistleblower in that case.
And they're clearly making significant progress
in that case, and it's certainly not going to look good for Merck.
And in fact, if you saw Protocol Seven, and I urge everybody, it'll be in theaters near you very soon.
Go on Fandango, reserve your seats, watch this movie.
It is just a phenomenal movie.
But you should know, and this is the important thing, that it's a dramatization because they didn't have, because this case is under seal, so they didn't have the actual testimony that was in the depositions.
They had to estimate what it was.
And Wakefield told me today, he said, you know, now that the stuff is coming out,
it's far worse in reality than it was in the movie.
And I can tell you the movie was very bad for Merck.
So when he says it's far worse for Merck than in the movie,
watch the movie and then realize that the truth is actually a lot worse than what was in the movie.
Anyway, I'm rambling on, but each case is different.

[SPEAKER_01]
I do want to make a note about this New Zealand whistleblower.
I think the biggest mistake that he did is that
He anonymized the data, which is good, right?
No, I anonymized the data.
But that's the data set that's floating around is the anonymized part.
If I was in this case, what I would have done is I would have had the unautomized data encrypted in a zip file with AES and released it on BitTorrent as a
a dead man switch, right?
Like, you know, hey, if I get prosecuted, then one of my proxies is gonna release the password to the raw data sets, and then everyone can see who died, you know, in this thing.
And so- And he could still do that.
He could still do that, but the thing is, is that he didn't set it up in time, and so now he's got the momentum and the inertia of the bureaucracy coming after him,
And now it doesn't do him any good.
You can threaten to do that.
They're not going to stop because there's too many people involved in the bureaucratic administrative state.
If he had come out and said, you know, hey, we've released this data, anonymized it, but I want to warn everyone that if I get killed or if I get prosecuted, then
the full unredacted data sets are going to be released.
In fact, I've already released them.
They're just encrypted with the key.

[SPEAKER_05]
I should get a public opinion on this because we could still do this.
We could say, hey, look, if Barry Young goes to jail, we're going to release the entire full unredacted data set.
The question is,
is that the moral, ethical, right thing to do.
And I'm curious, what is your opinion on that?
Because on the one hand, you don't want to release people's private medical information.
But on the other hand, that they got vaccinated on December 12 versus December 13.
or they had three vaccines instead of one vaccines, or they didn't get vaccinated.
It's not even a determination.
If you're not in the database, it doesn't mean you didn't get vaccinated.
It just means you weren't in the database.
But we clearly show that some people got the shots.
And people are bragging, like, hey, I just got my COVID shot.
So I don't think anybody would be harmed by revealing that data.

[SPEAKER_01]
I mean, how many people's lives are going to be lost if this person is allowed to end up in jail and this information?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, a lot of people, right?
And so it's a balance.
To me, it's a balance of harms, right?
Because you can break the law.
if there's this balance of harm.
So for example, your wife just had a heart attack.
You are taking her to the hospital because it's the fastest way, and you run through a red light and a cop stops you.
It's sad.
Oh, you just ran a red light.
Yeah, but officer.
Here's why.
So it'll be interesting to see what happens in this case.
I'll just leave it at that.

[SPEAKER_03]
Question from RR or R Russ 1.
Zach, what training or class or website would you recommend for an everyday end user to better understand the use of AI?

[SPEAKER_01]
Um.
Wow, that's a great question.
First off, just start using it all the time because it's not like we're going to, it's not like a fad.
This is a trend and it's just going to keep on going up.
And so, you know, if you want to learn, so there was a groundbreaking paper that kicked all of this off and it was called Attention Is All You Need.
It was released by Google in 2017.
It basically described the pre-trained generative transformer, which is, you know, the GPT and GPT-4, you know, O.
and Sonnet and all these other things that are the large language models.
So if you want to get the technical background on how these things work, you could do that.
There's some videos around these GPTs.
But honestly, from an end user state,
Use chat GPT for everything, use it for coding, use it to write your legal letters, use it to rewrite your stuff, your tweets.
You pretty much need to just use it constantly for everything as much as you can because this is the trend and you want to get a feel for how these things interact and how they can improve your productivity.

[SPEAKER_05]
If I wanted to do something like train a model and create a model that knows has read all of my 1500 articles on my sub stack.
I can't do that with any of the public sort of free, large language models.

[SPEAKER_01]
Oh yeah, you totally can.
Yeah, so there's two phases of training these things.
It's called the training session on a base model.
So you create a base model, and then these base models get released on hugging face.
And what you can do is you can then fine tune it.
And fine-tuning is like 0.1% of the computational, or maybe even less than that.
Maybe it's like 0.001% of the computational resources.
And what you basically do is you basically strengthen all of the connections related to a certain topic.
And new connections will be, well, no, not new connections, but certain connections will be strengthened within the neural net.
And that is effectively creating knowledge within the system.
And so, for example, like Steve, you can take all of your articles, you can run it through a system that will chunkify, create question and answer pairs, and then this is fed as a fine-tuning session into a model.
I think the program name for this is called LLM Studio.
And so you can use that to fine tune a model.
And basically what you'll get is you'll get a representation of this model that represents you, Steve.
And you can use that as sort of like your AI proxy.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, there's something called anything LLM or anywhere LLM.
Not the same thing.

[SPEAKER_01]
I don't know.
I don't know.
I'm not aware of that program.
There's so many out there.

[SPEAKER_03]
Question from Guance.
Can AI be used to query a regional health database of health outcomes and health care billing to create value-based reimbursement of providers?

[SPEAKER_01]
Oh, yeah, absolutely.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
You can fine tune it with the, so there's, there's two ways you can do the fine tuning, which generates question and answer pairs that fine tune this thing.
Um, then there's also something called, um, rag.
I can't remember what the acronym stands for, but basically what you do is like these, these models have a huge context window.
Now it's up to a million tokens.
And so what you can do is you can do a relevant query into a database, grab context information and then stuff that in as part of the query.
Right?
So use your query to generate a query from a database, and then you stuff all of that into one input prompt.
And then from that entire context window, it's going to be able to generate an answer that's specific to the text that you just gave it.

[SPEAKER_05]
Fantastic.
Let me note something that came in the comments.
RFK Jr. will be answering CNN's questions tonight.
If you want the link to that, I published it on a sub-stack that I did, I published last night.
This is, of course, happening in an hour.
Let's see.
It's what, 6 p.m. or so?
And about 35 minutes from now.
You can go to that link and it should be live and you'll see all three presidential candidates.
But this person is saying that Google is censoring emails about it with danger warnings.
Wow.
Danger?
Wow, free speech, dangerous.
That is really stunning.
I mean, you talk about what we've been talking about and Google inserting their point of view into this, Google censoring emails about the presidential debate with danger warnings on this RFK.

[SPEAKER_03]
There's a reason why he's not on the debate stage tonight.
They don't want any of his information out there.
I wanted to get Zach's take one more question, Zach, on the future of healthcare.
And I came across this article on MedPage today, which is a great propaganda for the healthcare industry.
But they were talking about how AI helps predict dementia using speech patterns.
And I'm using this as a platform to ask you about the future of healthcare where we're used to having humans.
you know, diagnose us, treat us in person, check under your, you know, neck to see if you've got any lumps and all that.
And now I've been hearing stories from some friends who have health care issues or health issues since taking the injectable and they're going through telehealth and talking to people who just, he doesn't know if they're robots talking to them or humans and they're asking him about what his symptoms are and they're diagnosing him and then having the doctor sort of then
decide what treatment goes forward.
So I'm just going to get your take on AI and healthcare in general going forward.

[SPEAKER_01]
Right.
Well, you know, these models are very good at diagnosing a lot of issues, especially when you get an uncensored model.
You know, this is what Mike Adams is trying to do.
He's trying to create, well, he has created a trained model
that incorporates all of this sort of dissident health information and gives you much better answers than these establishment artificial intelligences.
And so I think that there are basically going to be two versions of this AI, the allopathic AI and then the holistic functional medicine, et cetera, dissident AI.
And the thing is, is that these dissident AIs are really
are going to be really good.
You're going to be able to say, oh, I've got cancer.
What should I do?
And it's going to recommend that you try out some GC math or B17.
And then it says, and if you've got to do chemo, then make sure that you're in a fasted state.
Because I don't know if a lot of people know this, but taking in sugar has something to do with opening up the cells.
And that allows the chemo in.
Testimony after testimony shows that when people go into cancer treatments with chemo, if they're in a fasted state, like they haven't eaten 48 hours, for some reason they don't absorb the chemo into their healthy cells, but it obliterates the cancer.
And so that's sort of the thing that you're going to get from a dissident AI in the future.
That's not something you're going to get from an allopathic AI.
The allopathic AI is going to be like, oh, well, you need to make sure that you stay well fed and you get chemo.
And it's basically going to put you on that fast path to health destruction.
And if you want to get a really clear answer on this, it's like most people don't know that heartburn is actually caused by an alkalized stomach acid.
It's too basic.
It's not acid enough.
And if you go to WebMD or you do a search, you're like, oh, what should I do for my heartburn?
It's going to be like take an antacid, right?
And then they basically spiral on this health descent, where at first they take antacids, which reduces the stomach acid, raises the pH,
And then from there, they're going to be like, oh, now I've got heartburn all the time.
What's wrong with me?
And the doctor's going to be like, oh, well, now you need to have proton pump inhibitors.
They've got B12 deficiencies and all these other things you can't absorb.
And it just started off as something that would have been curable if you took an ounce of, um, apple cider vinegar, right?
And this has worked on every single person that I've had for this.
Like I took someone that was involuntarily sober before a festival trip.
And I was like, you're not going to drink with us.
And he's like, no, I get heartburn immediately.
And I was like, oh, apple cider vinegar.
That dude was smashed the entire week.
And he was downing like two ounces of apple cider vinegar a day, right?
And so if you want to get a sort of sense of what the future of health AI is going to be, it's like just ask chat GPT about like what the remedy for heartburn is.
And it's going to echo what is posted by WebMD.
And it's not a good future.

[SPEAKER_03]
I was going to end it there, but I just noticed a comment from Sherwin Francis that I was like, ooh, that's a good question.
How can AI deal with sarcasm and more so if there is sarcasm in Steve's articles?

[SPEAKER_01]
It's going to be just fine.

[SPEAKER_05]
The AI is so much like a human being.
It is so incredible.
When I first interacted with these large language models, I was sort of spoon feeding it.
And now I relate to it just like I'm talking to a smart person.
And it works just fine.
It's quite amazing.

[SPEAKER_03]
And then I had another personal question, because I'm from the film and video industry, my background.
And I've been noticing a lot of my friends from the industry are really worried about their jobs.
And I'm seeing a lot of text video or AI video that's
I mean, compared to six months or a year ago where it was awful to watch, it's, it's getting, it's getting pretty, pretty good.
And I can only imagine what the exponential growth you were talking about earlier a year from now, at what point can we now not discern what is going to be human generated content versus AI generated video and film.
And I will say one little story.
A few years ago, I did see something that was made in an Unreal Engine.
And it was the best photo reel CGI had ever seen.
Even the human characteristics were fantastic.
But I can tell, I can tell that it wasn't
real the person who was demoing it for me asked me how did you how do you know if it's real or not and i said it was it was something it was cj i made and my response on how i knew i said the actor didn't have a soul but at some point does
AI get to the point where it can create video that you can differentiate whether the actor has a soul or not.

[SPEAKER_05]
Okay, so can we reveal right now that what you've seen up until now was completely AI generated.
We actually weren't here for any of this conversation.
We just said to the computer, generate VSRF live with Zach Voorhees, Steve Kirsch and Livio Sanchez talking about this.
I mean, how far away
from a future where we could actually do that and have it generate this entire episode.
And so that you couldn't tell the difference.
Is that five years away, 10 years away?
Six months.
15 years?
Six months?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
Did you say six months?
Yes.
Six months.
Yeah, we're about six months off from that.

[SPEAKER_05]
That is unreal.
That means I can.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, that's that's unreal.
Start generating your AI avatar.
Now, Steve, it's going to pay off in six months.
Believe me.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_05]
I mean, I can just hit a switch.
I can, you know, be watching TV while I'm doing the interview.

[SPEAKER_01]
I mean, we already are arguing.
We already have the technology to do this now.
It's just that we haven't like set up all the pipeline to make this easily accessible by all the individual people.
But yeah, it's going to
Six months.

[SPEAKER_05]
That is unreal to me.
I would have said it would be five years or 10 years or 30 years in the future.

[SPEAKER_03]
I was going to say a year or two.
That's unbelievable.
And what happens, Zach, to people in all industries who, when AI basically, you don't need a cinematographer anymore?
What happens?

[SPEAKER_01]
We're going to have structural disemployment.
And they're probably going to have a World War III to cover up that structural disemployment.
I think that a lot of the people are going to be sent to the front lines of an AI drone battlefield where they'll have a face tracking kamikaze drone fly at their head and explode.
That that's the worst case scenario.
And I mean, I wish I people are like, oh, you should be more optimistic.
I want to let you know I'm completely blackpilled.
I have a very negative outlook on where this is all going.
There's nothing like this that's ever existed.
The problems about trying to predict the future from the past is that in the past, you had a human-centric economy.
Even when Rome obliterated a nation, they still needed the slaves to fuel their war empire.
That's all changed.
the future power is going to be artificial intelligence and robots that embody them well what do they need people for?
like at all the only thing you can do right now is try to get into a field where you're useful to the AI when this neural link becomes a little bit more widespread I'm going to jack into that why?
because that's going to give me the edge and I think that you need to have a good person to go in there at least to have a human core
you know, with AI augmenting it, if we have just AI without any sort of human flesh integrating into it, it's gonna be really bad news, right?
You're gonna see all this territory to this hyper-intelligent, exotic life form.
So, I mean, I think that World War III is ahead of us.
I think there's gonna be a lot of people that are gonna die.
And my advice is start getting ready to bug out because when bad stuff happens and the borders close, you're trapped.
And my advice is that the elites are probably gonna spare Central America from the worst.
I think that when the hot war comes out, Central America will be the safe zone because there's just not a lot of real estate in there, right?
Unlike the East, which has the Sahara and India and China, like on the Western Hemisphere, it's like Costa Rica, Panama, and then, and that's it.
And those are really tiny countries.
And so, you know, my bug out situation is going to be Central America or to go to the East and try not to be a problem to anyone.
Um, and then if it gets really bad, maybe even hide out in an island that has lots of fish, uh, and just basically try to get it so that the elites ignore you and don't see you as something that can be roped into as part of their plot.
So I wish I had a better answer, but.

[SPEAKER_05]
And so are you going to, are you going to use a crypto to pay for all this or what, um, where are you parking your funds?

[SPEAKER_01]
i think crypto is a sign up i don't think it when world war three i mean why they need money for right in the future it's going to be projected power like maybe they'll give you some credits for universal basic income is sort of a transitionary period but um... you know i i think the thing is is that you it's not gonna be bad forever like we have to go through this transitionary period and then if you survive the transitionary period i think they're gonna have some sort of like
ai utopia where nobody works and you get like your bank account filled up every month and then you have enormous riches and everyone's content and uh... and they have like five ai assistance and if they say the wrong thing maybe one of them will kill them with an activated kill switch but if you survive the coming world war three i think life is going to be really great and so that i think that's going to be the advice i get for people that want to keep their ancestral line going into the future is uh...
just you can't stop what's happening just try to avoid what they intend for us to go through.

[SPEAKER_03]
And you mentioned like the drone blowing up your face things but I would imagine the vaccines have something to do with it food supply what are some of the ways that they're going to basically bring the population down?

[SPEAKER_01]
Well I think that you know a lot of these global people that are have this collectivist circuit like they're like they go
All right, what's everyone else thinking?
Okay, I'm gonna believe in that too.
They're gonna be the ones that really get hit hard.
They're gonna sign up for the war.
They're gonna take the poison food.
They're gonna take the poison shots.
They're gonna be the first to go.
I think it's these people that don't, that have this like anti-collective assessment.
I think they're gonna be the ones that make it out of here.
And if you're part of that group of people, then try to find safety when the hot zone breaks out.

[SPEAKER_03]
You mentioned Central America and Asia.
Is there anywhere in the U.S. that's going to be spared?

[SPEAKER_01]
i don't know it's too related to i think denver might be a good i mean we also have this thing with uh... with that uh... magnetic reversal on if you guys have dived deep into that but uh... uh... yeah uh... ben davidson is just uh... amazing covering this thing but we're having this hockey stick thing where the magnetic reversals coming and the only safe place you're going to be if that happens because
This is going to sound a little out there.
You could say, uh, making it up, whatever, but I'm just going to say it like when a magnetic reversal happens, it's not just the earth that reverses.
It's every single planet because we're all linked.
Even Uranus, which is pointed to the side, its magnetic poles still go up and down.
Why is that?
Because we're all oriented towards some sort of local space with a phenomenon that we don't quite understand.
When this reversal happens, the sun collects a bunch of dust, it compresses a little bit, then goes,
like that, and it does a little micronova.
Fortunately, that plasma wave causes an inductive load on the planet because the planet looks like an iron bar in comparison to the conductivity of free space.
And what happens for various reasons is that the only safe places that are going to be are going to be highland areas, or if you have a very large boat.
Like what's going to happen?
Noah's Ark was a really great story.
I think the whole thing is a fable, but there was a flood in everyone's ancient texts.
And when this micronova happens, there's going to be a large flood.
The sea levels are going to rise.
This whole climate narrative with 2.7 inches, I believe that's a sigh up to hide what's going to happen if this solar reversal happens.
It's not going to be 2.7 inches.
It's going to be 500 meters, like the last great flood that happened 6,000 years ago.
And when this happens, fast stuff is going to happen.
And so I think that one of the safe places is going to be Denver because of the protection of the Rocky Mountains through something called the Great Slosh, which is a giant thing of water that happens.
It looks like a tsunami.
I know this is probably out there and not part of what we're
here to talk about, but you should look up the magnetic reversal.
You should look up Ben Davidson.
He's putting all the papers out there.
It's a big cover up.
And recently, this last week, the NOAA is now taking down our ability to measure the magnetic strength of the Earth, which has fallen about 35% in the last century.
So it's a big deal.
And the big sort of question in all this is, is this sort of magnetic reversal going to happen
uh... you know uh... we're gonna get hit with the giant uh... you know i get like that uh... like an x-class flare that takes out a lot of technology on the planet that's the big question that i see that could really disrupt how things are going is if we get hit with like a karrington event with a degraded magnetic field that we have right now which takes out a lot of the internal circuitry through uh... inductive electrostatic discharge because it's not like it's not like the electoral it's not like uh...
like static electricity like this isn't driven by magnetism and so what happens is that it's hard to shield from this event and it will fry circuitry or fry telecommunications line ill try those little tiny transistors that are located inside of a microcontroller and so uh...
You know, that's the big question is how much faster is our magnetic field with the planet going to weaken?
And if it's going to continue to hockey stick, then as this AI comes online, we're also going to be exposed to big, giant X-class flares that can really sort of wipe out a lot of the technology that we have here on the planet.

[SPEAKER_03]
Anyways, sorry for going off on a tangent.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, no, that's in sun weather man on Twitter.
Check it out.

[SPEAKER_03]
All right.

[SPEAKER_05]
We need to wrap it up here.
Yeah, we got we got to go.

[SPEAKER_03]
We got to go to the debates.
Zach, thank you so much for your time and all of your expertise and sharing with us all your knowledge on AI and beyond and really appreciate having you on tonight.

[SPEAKER_01]
Appreciate it anytime.

[SPEAKER_03]
All right.
Thank you.
Hang in there, folks.
I'm going to just wrap up with a few announcements quickly and get on to our debate that you all probably want to go watch tonight.
I want to remind everyone that we are a 501C3 organization and we operate solely on your donation.
And tonight's
Amazing donor spotlight features our dear friend, C, from Maryland.
C simply writes with her generous donation to VSRF, thank you for all that you do.
Well, thank you, C. We appreciate you.
And as we continue to bring you these important discussions and valuable insights, we do need your help, continued help.
Your donations keep this webinar running and allows us to continue our mission every contribution, no matter how small, makes a big difference.
We thank you for your generosity and your kindness.
And lastly, next week,
We're going to get some coverage.
We're not going to be live streaming next week.
We're going to drop a compilation video of Steve's week this week, where he went out to the Fauci event to protest.
And Steve, I believe you gave a little speech out there as well.
I talked to people online.
Talk to me.
All right.
Well, I'm going to sign off with a little clip of you talking to people in line.
So remember, next week, we're not going to be live.
We will drop a little compilation video at 7 p.m. next Thursday night, but we're going to take the 4th of July and celebrate with our friends, families, and loved ones and celebrate Independence Day.
Steve, have a great rest of your evening and all of you out there joining us tonight and Zach, thank you for being here.
Have a great rest of your evening and good night everyone.
See you live in two weeks.

[SPEAKER_04]
98% of the people who got COVID were vaccinated.
The problem is that only 86% of people

[SPEAKER_06]
And, no, no, no, but what about the data?

[SPEAKER_04]
This is from Santa Clara County.
You know, they found out that 98% of the people who got COVID in Santa Clara County, 98%.
And the intensive care units were not vaccinated.
Fauci saved millions of lives.
And how do you know what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what,
No, no, no.
Look, you know, folks, if you go to the U.S. Medicare, you've all heard of Medicare, okay, they published the data from 15,000 nursing homes
in the United States.
If you were to analyze the data from the 15,000 nursing homes, you'll find out that after the vaccines rolled out to the nursing homes, the deaths actually increased from COVID.
It's in the public record, but there are no papers that analyze the U.S. nursing home data because it goes against the narrative of the same effect.
Now, there's a nursing home called Apple Valley Village Health Care in Minnesota.
Before the COVID vaccines rolled out in Apple Valley Village, there were no deaths from COVID in 29 COVID cases.
After they rolled out the vaccines to Apple Valley Village, they had a 30% death rate from COVID, 90 cases of COVID, 28 deaths.
Now, how is that possible if the vaccines saved lives?

[SPEAKER_06]
I don't give a shit what you think.
That's fine.
So why don't you get the fuck out of here?

[SPEAKER_04]
You know, it is a free country, right?

[SPEAKER_06]
So far, I do have freedom of speech, right?
Unless Trump is in the fucking White House.

[SPEAKER_04]
So there's data that was published in jobs.

[SPEAKER_06]
When you're a nurse and you're forced to take it, to put food on the table.
Yeah.
You weren't forced to take it?
Yes, I was.
No, you weren't.
I was.
To hold my job, yeah, as a nurse.
Nobody tied you down and put a fucking needle in your arm.
Actually, they did in the military.

[SPEAKER_07]
In the military, that's how they did it.

[SPEAKER_06]
Oh, you're serious?

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_06]
You guys all the fabulous by the way, I love the outfit Thank you
I've been in this for a long time too.
So what do you think?
Should I dish the bullhorn?
Like with the bullhorn or not?
Yeah, yeah.
Shut up.
