[UNKNOWN]
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_14]
makes you larger and one pill makes you small and the ones that mother gives you don't do
Smoking Caterpillar has given you a cold, cold Alice.
When she was just a small.
When the man on the chessboard, get up there!

[SPEAKER_13]
I'm falling in a sloppy day

[SPEAKER_06]
tonight on VSRF Live, a riveting conversation with Canadian investigative journalist and award-winning documentary filmmaker Dan Dix as we discuss 9-11 and other controversial topics.

[SPEAKER_03]
This is Dan Dix here reporting for Press for Truth and it's official.
We can pretty much treat COVID like the flu now.
This is according to the Wall Street Journal because new guidelines from the CDC are bringing COVID precautions in line with those of other respiratory viruses.
This is exactly what I've been saying since the very beginning of this thing that the coronavirus shouldn't be feared any more than the common cold and I'll remind you that it was outlets like the Wall Street Journal who would suggest that people like myself were potential granny killers.
For saying that this was the case and now it's just being widely accepted and is official now well something else that I've been saying all along that is now starting to gain more wider acceptance is this study finds that the majority of patients with long COVID.
were vaccinated.
Gee, surprise, surprise.
A recent study found that the majority of patients who suffered from long COVID during the time when vaccines and antiviral treatments were widely available were vaccinated.

[SPEAKER_06]
Hello and welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm Livio Sanchez.
Tonight, we are super excited to bring you some topics and content to you.
A few weeks back, we did a poll asking if you'd be interested in having us expand the conversation here at VSRF.
beyond vaccines and vaccine injury and into a greater field of discussion, which includes various different topics.
Well, tonight is the first of this new series, which we'll be calling down the rabbit hole.
And there is no one better to kick this off with than Dan Dix of Press for Truth.
I've been following Dan's work for over a decade and I'm very excited to finally get a chance to speak with him.
But before we bring on Dan, I want to bring on nurse Angela
Hello, Angela.
How are you?

[SPEAKER_04]
I'm great, Livio.
How are you doing?

[SPEAKER_06]
I'm doing just dandy.
I'm really excited about tonight's show.

[SPEAKER_04]
So am I. I've been dying to speak with Dan, so I'm really looking forward to it.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, I know you've started to dip into some of this rabbit hole stuff yourself lately.

[SPEAKER_04]
I was never that person before, but now that I don't trust our government with our health, I don't really trust them with anything else because that's the most precious thing we should be trusting them with.
And if I can't trust them with that, then what is there?

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, exactly.
Well, before we get into that, I'm curious what you've been up to lately.
What's going on right now this week?
What are you busy with?

[SPEAKER_04]
Oh my gosh, Livia, it's been a crazy week.
So about 90% of my time I'm with the vaccine injured.
I take care of them.
I take care of families all over the world.
I talk to parents in other countries like Germany, where I'm up in the middle of the night talking to practitioners.
I'm helping a family who is also overseas.
A 23 year old boy who had two doses of Pfizer, went into cardiac arrest, had heart failure from that and actually just got a heart transplant this morning that was successful.
I've been helping arrange for the pathology because it's really important that we know what is causing all of these sudden deaths and these young athletes.
This boy was a star, star soccer player.
So things like that.
Steve has been traveling.
So in the last 24 hours, I've picked up two cases where he's been on the road and
he's come into contact with two severely injured, uh, vaccine injured people.
And so I've been on taking on a couple of new cases and just really busy.
I'm getting ready to start filming next week for bad medicine with Mickey Willis.
So it's been, it's been a lot on top of doctors meetings and keeping up going to all the events like the FLCCC event so that I can stay on top of everything vaccine related to give the best care to all of our patients that need it.
And most of all, giving these people hope, you know, that's,
That's the most important thing because these people are really, really sick and they need a lot of support.
They're not getting that obviously in hospital medicine, Western medicine.
So just being there for them.
So each case that I take on, it just compounds because I don't ever lose contact or get rid of these people.
It's a long process.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, I've, I've witnessed you firsthand working with them and the, the amount of work and then comfort you give them just being there is so huge.
It's tremendous.

[SPEAKER_04]
A lot of time and a lot of tears, but a lot of amazing turnarounds.
And I, and I really feel like we're moving mountains where
We're advocating for these people.
We're getting them help.
We're speaking out.
You know, our whole team travels.
We put on all these events to raise all sorts of awareness.
And we need, we need us and other organizations all doing this, because if we look at these conspiracy theories, supposedly that have happened, like we, we don't want this carrying on for much longer.
We don't want the next pandemic where they're going to push these.
vaccines that have not been safely tested.
And there's a lot of fraud involved with the way they created these vaccines in the clinical trials.
So we have to get louder.
We have to just keep fighting hard because this is not going to end unless we do something about it.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, no, we're still just slogging away at what these people are planning next with their disease X and others.
And I wanna remind everyone, as you've just heard Angela, that VSRF Live depends solely on your public donations to bring you this weekly show and needs your financial support.
This is not a drill, we really need to raise funds.
Please consider donating on a monthly basis, just five bucks a month.
from our loyal audience would fund our operations completely and ensure VSRF survival during 2024 and beyond.
And your contributions are tax-deductible and we simply cannot do what we do without your help.
And all the work that Angela does and everything we do here in the show and beyond, it's really your support that helps us keep going.
Your donations go towards the many studies and data we produce.
Most importantly, our critical work in support of the COVID-19 vaccine injured, as Angela just spoke about, and our ability to keep you up to date on important health freedom related issues.
So thank you for your continued support.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
And the events too, Livia.
So I just had, like, for example, Dr. Bowden, she texted me the other day and she's like, Angela, you guys need to do another rally outside the FDA.
And, you know, we've put on so many events in such a short time, you know, both defeat the mandates, both COVID litigation deep in the heart of Texas.
We help with re-platform.
We've done just a numerous amount of events, and we need to keep putting this pressure on them because what we've done has really made waves.
I mean, we've been in mainstream news.
They're talking about us.
They don't like us, but we are gathering hundreds of thousands of people together
so that we can get the word out and help make this place a better place for all of us to live in.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, they're accusing us of spreading misinformation.
In fact, I'm going to play a clip because I want to jump into an update before we bring Dan on the World Health Organization Pandemic Treaty.
And here, just listen to this clip from Tedros.

[SPEAKER_07]
As young people, you have the most to gain from a strong agreement
It's likely you will face another pandemic in your lifetime.

[SPEAKER_08]
We can't know how mild or severe it might be, but we can be prepared.

[SPEAKER_07]
So we need you to raise your voices, to tell your leaders that you want this agreement, you want this accord.
It's your future.
And we need you to raise your voices to counter the lies that are undermining the agreement on social media, in conversations with your friends and families and in any other way.
We cannot allow this historic agreement, this milestone in global health to be sabotaged by those who spread lies either deliberately or unknowingly.
Because ultimately, the pandemic agreement is about you, your world.

[SPEAKER_04]
We're going to raise our voices even louder than that.

[SPEAKER_06]
On the screen, I just put up three organizations that if you need more information and want to know what you can do, go to the Global Health Project at globalhealthproject.org and doortofreedom.org and the Sovereignty Coalition at sovereigntycoalition.org to get involved and see what you can do.
In fact,
If you want to take action, here are two specific things you can do to help.
Make three critical phone calls to Washington, D.C. regularly.
Call your two U.S. senators and your one U.S. representative.
Representative Thomas Massey has emphasized how much these phone calls matter.
Make their phone calls meltdown.
Call, call, call.
Phone calls really do make a difference and influence how your reps will vote.
As Rep Massey says, if they don't see the light, make them feel the heat.
and sign the American Sovereignty Declaration, an Align Act campaign.
Tell your representatives in the federal government now.
Reject the WHO Treaty and IHR amendments and ultimately exit the WHO.
This takes two minutes.
Janet will put the leak in the chat here.
Also, I want to share that if you're in Virginia,
that you can actually sign this petition.
Go to Virginia Medical Freedom Alliance at vamfa.org and sign the petition to Governor Youngkin.
Janet will put the links in the chat as well because we have like 38 days left and it's getting down to the wire if we're going to stop this pandemic treaty.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yes, it's so important.
So important.
We have to stay active.

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, Angela, I'm going to move on and get to Dan.
You're going to come back though before Q&A because you've got some questions for Dan too.
So I'm going to let you go and bring you back a little later.
So stay close by.

[SPEAKER_04]
Sounds good.
I'll be right back.

[SPEAKER_06]
Thanks, Angela.
All right, now without further ado, I'm gonna bring and introduce Dan Dix to VSRF Live.
Welcome, Dan, nice to see you.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, thanks so much for having me.
It's a pleasure to be here.

[SPEAKER_06]
Great.
Let me read a little brief bio on you before we get started.
You are a Canadian investigative journalist, an award-winning documentary filmmaker and founder of an independent media outlet known as Press for Truth, which produces videos and films that directly challenge the mainstream media's narrative of events that shape our world.
Dan frequently travels the world covering stories and events that the mainstream media is not willing to touch or puts their heavily biased spin on.
And as founder and owner of Press for Truth, Dan continues to create thought-provoking videos and documentary films for his website, PressForTruth.ca.
Wow, thank you for all the work that you've done over the years, Dan.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, of course.
I mean, I wouldn't have it any other way, to be honest.
I eat, sleep, and breathe Press for Truth.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, and you're one of those journalists that don't just sit there and read the AP or work at home.
You're out there in the street with your camera.
You're in there in the trenches.
I want to know a little bit about your background.
How did you get started doing this type of investigative?
And I'm going to call it dangerous work that you do.

[SPEAKER_03]
You know, funny enough, the way I got started was just by jumping in head first and just given a go at it, you know, not really having a clue what I was doing and just basically figuring it out along the way.
It essentially started back in 2006.
You know, I woke up in the late nineties.
I've been researching things for many, many years and I got to the point where it was like, okay, well, I got to do something.
About this and around 2004 2005 I started joining some groups and you know handing out flyers in the streets and doing things like that but I started to realize that you know something more can be done here you know I there was a lot of infighting in these groups and different ideas about what the solutions ought to be so.
It was around that time, 2006, I decided, you know, I just want to kind of go at this myself.
And when I found out that the Bilderberg group actually was coming to Ottawa, Canada in 2006, it's only a couple hour drive from where I was.
I figured perfect.
Let me grab a camera, go down there.
And instead of going to this thing like some, you know, protester or something, I'm going to go as a videographer or as a journalist.
And I'm just going to try to question these guys and get some of it on film.
As i said not really knowing what i was doing just kind of diving in head first and it's been a crazy roller coaster ride ever since then ended up going on to do malt you know many documentary films and i pretty much take things day by day now as you said doing that on boots on the ground kind of.
Gorilla journalism just trying to get out in the streets and as you said in that intro you know just getting that perspective from people and showing what's going on in the world that you're not necessarily getting from the TV.

[SPEAKER_06]
I'm so glad you mentioned the Bilderberg group because that's when I first found you.
I was doing research and learning, you know, sort of shaking off the dust and asking questions about 9-11 and started doing my own deep dives.
And well, I'm going to show some of your work.
I'm going to show a trailer for your film about the Bilderberg group.
Here it comes.
Let me share this with the audience.

[SPEAKER_27]
The very word secrecy is repugnant in a free and open society, and we are as a people inherently and historically opposed to secret societies, to secret oaths, and to secret proceedings.

[SPEAKER_03]
Have you ever heard of the Build-A-Bird group?

[SPEAKER_17]
No.
No, no, never.
I don't know too much about that Build-A-Bird thing.

[SPEAKER_03]
The Build-A-Bird?
Build-A-Bird?
In recent years, the lack of coverage from the mainstream media on the Build-A-Bird group has been a problem as far as raising awareness about these conferences.
When people say that, quote, they control the media, we're talking about the secret establishment.

[SPEAKER_17]
Where's CNN?
Where's the mainstream media?
Where's Fox?
MSNBC?
any of these stations, they are not here.

[SPEAKER_10]
It's by far the largest Bilderberg protest that I have ever seen.
A lot of alternative media, a lot of attention being brought to the Bilderbergers.

[SPEAKER_19]
Who are the companies they work for?
Who else have they worked for?
What are their agendas?
What are they in the news doing that will tell you so much about the reach of Bilderberg, about why they invite these people, and about how they put the world together.

[SPEAKER_20]
I attended one Bilderberg meeting.

[SPEAKER_07]
I don't know if I was at that meeting.
I've only been to a few of them.

[SPEAKER_20]
I was on that conference circuit for 20 years, a trilateral commission, and I went to all of them.
The individuals are influential, but they don't allow the media.

[SPEAKER_17]
It's the billionaire and jillionaire club.
You and I, we're not in it.
We're not ever gonna be in it.
The Bilderberg Group was instrumental in creating the European Union and the euro.

[SPEAKER_03]
I would say that's a pretty big deal.
2012 is a major turning point for the Bilderberg Group as the independent media have been here providing the coverage that's been lacking from the mainstream.
The mainstream media is no longer mainstream.

[SPEAKER_17]
The alternative is taking over.
They're trying their damnedest to either restrict or shut down the free internet as we know it right now.

[SPEAKER_18]
We've got to expose what's going on here.
These are the real tyrants, so we're identifying them, not the puppet presidents and prime ministers.
We're going directly to the financial oligarchs, because information is power, and the truth is setting us free.

[SPEAKER_09]
When you do things in darkness, they will come to the light, and they are.
We're here just to shine that light.

[SPEAKER_06]
Wow.
So many places I want to start, but I just, that must take you way back.
I noticed you did the music for that.
That's pretty awesome.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
Yeah.
I did the music for all five of my films.
You know, when, when we did our first documentary, it got to the point where it's like, well, we're going to have to.
get some music, should we license this?
And looking into that, it's expensive, and looking into hire people, and I just threw it out there.
I was like, why don't I give it a shot?
And I did it, the guys I was working with at the time thought I did a good job, so I did it for all five of my documentary films, and that was fun, for sure.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, that must keep the balance of the information that you're bringing out in your films gives you some creative juice on another level and great work.
Great work.
So the builder for the our audience here who may or may not know, can you give us, you know, what's what is the Bilderberg group?

[SPEAKER_03]
Sure.
The Bilderberg group is a group of individuals, very powerful and influential people.
It's about 120 people on average, and they meet in secret every single year.
They've been doing so ever since 1954.
They first met at a hotel called the Bilderberg Hotel.
That's where they get the name from.
And they meet either in Europe or North America, and we're talking politicians, military men, media moguls, heads of finance, very, very powerful and, as I said, influential people.
And, you know, every single year they meet to discuss
Basically, foreign policy, what's going, you know, basically the direction of the world.
And, you know, I started going there in 2006 and I basically go every single year.
There was a little lull there during COVID when I was literally a prisoner in my own country and was not allowed to fly out of Canada for a couple, you know, a little while there, a couple of those Bilderbergs.
So I missed a few but generally, you know, we go to these things to try to, you know, speak to them, talk about some of the topics that are on the agenda.
And, and, you know, expose the fact that this thing is even going on in the first place, because as I often say, you know, if
If like a hundred and twenty you know movie stars and famous actors and musicians and stuff like that were meeting in secret at a five star hotel behind lock guards and lock doors there would be so many media they're trying to figure out what the heck are these guys talking about why are they all meeting what are they doing but.
the people who meet at Bilderberg have far much more influence over your life than people in Hollywood do.
And they meet every single year for three or four days.
And yeah, so this is like a secretive organization that I've been trying to expose.
The film that you just showed, the trailer, was basically showing the Canadian connection to Bilderberg as well.
That was from my coverage of the 2012 Bilderberg from that film.

[SPEAKER_06]
And who are some of the attendees that you've encountered, just rattle off some names over the years that attend this sort of, I mean, you're able to find out, I know that they don't even make it public where the meeting is until shortly before, right?
Until they wait until last minute.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, sometimes I won't even find out, you know, until a week before like last year it was kind of, you know, very, very tricky.
They, you know, it seemed that they had thrown us for a ruse and they do that sometimes they will book out multiple five star hotels and
try to throw us off track and sometimes it comes down to the very last minute just like last year in portugal i didn't find out about it until maybe five days or something before the event and then you know all of a sudden going to portugal so that's gonna happen again soon it is due to come up they always happen usually around the end of may or early june.

[SPEAKER_06]
It's not always the same date.

[SPEAKER_03]
It generally falls within the first or second week of June, typically.
I could be off to Europe again soon.
Maybe it's going to be held here in Canada.
But so far, I've spoken with the amount of Canadian prime ministers, for example, who have attended, like Stephen Harper,
you know, went to Bilderberg, for example.
He was invited.
He went to the, I think it was a 2003 meeting.
A couple years later, he becomes the Prime Minister of Canada.
You know, there was a lot of prime, uh, prime, uh, premiers in Ontario that went, uh, who I confronted.
There was another one, um, uh, uh, you know, uh, what's his name?
Paul Martin, the Prime Minister, Paul Martin, uh, was there.
You know, I confronted all these guys about it.
Justin Trow, interestingly enough, I've confronted him
questioned him about his Bilderberg attendance and all three times he's assured me that he has not attended Bilderberg and I do believe him, but I don't think he even needs to.
You know, he's carrying out the agenda of the global elite so well that they're just sitting back and letting them do it.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
You're too busy doing a good job.
You don't need to show up to the meeting.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_06]
And what's their relation to the Council on Foreign Relations?
Are they connected in any way?
What is it that they want to keep so secret?
And why doesn't the mainstream cover these events?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, you got the Council of Foreign Relations, you got the Trilateral Commission, and you got the Bilderberg Group.
These are three of the, you know, big kind of, you could call them like, kind of like think tanks, essentially.
And Bilderberg particularly is only kind of dealing with the politics of Europe and North America, whereas Trilateral and Council on Foreign Relations are a little bit different.
Those ones I haven't,
you know, gone to the events as much.
Now we're seeing things like, you know, WEF popping up in Davos all the time.
So, you know, it's becoming a little bit more common for people to go to these types of events now and confront them.
So I think maybe Davos, WEF and Davos might be the next type of thing I should go to.
You know, CFR has had their day, you know, trilateral, Bilderberg.
It looks like the WEF and Davos might be something I should think about attending the next few meetings for sure.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, well, Bill Gates likes to show up at that.
And obviously the Pfizer president was there the last couple of years.
It's become almost a fusion for the World Health Organization, which as we know is trying to dictate how we treat pandemics in the future.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yes, interesting.
You were talking about the treaty and how the global reaction to this
staged plandemic seems to have already, you know, been well thought out and well planned out, you know, long before it even happened.
And, you know, we're going to talk a little bit about 9-11.
You mentioned that in the beginning.
And, you know, really I see a lot of connections between what I'm sure your audience understands as the COVID-19-84 nightmare and what we went through with 9-11, you know, in the sense that there was this phony war on terror.
And at that time everybody was potentially a suspect everybody was potentially a terrorist at that time and you had to give up certain rights but many of us were like well you know being a terrorism is a bad person I can prove I'm not a bad guy and I'm not doing these things.
Well fast forward to COVID-1984 and there was a paradigm shift where all of a sudden you are now potentially a terrorist because of being a carrier without knowing it.
So it's like there was...
It was almost a brilliant move to switch from the phony terror world into the COVID-1984 world, only now people can be much more easily controlled because anybody can be a terrorist or somebody with COVID and now it's like, well, of course we have to
lock down because I don't want to, you know, be harming it.
I don't want to kill grandmas.
So of course I have to lock down.
So there's a lot of interesting parallels, connections you can make between, you know, the, the Psyop that was 9-11 and the Psyop that is, as I call it, COVID-1984.
It's, it's really remarkable, especially for people, those of us who are old enough to remember what life was immediately like post 9-11.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, and one of the differences I've noticed is they didn't really censor talking about 9-11.
Michael Moore made a film.
There's all kinds of information and even you could have found it on YouTube for a long time.
And then COVID hits.
And then the real censorship started.
You had a pretty significant YouTube channel with, I mean, a decade's worth of work, at least, of content.
Can you tell us your censorship story and if you encountered any of that before COVID.
And I know I was doing work with a super PAC and I had put up a video
that Bobby Kennedy Jr. was talking, referencing an anecdotal story that got a strike.
And I went ahead and did the exercise and went through the training that they put you through.
And it turned out the medical misinformation, the guidance came from the World Health Organization.
So if the World Health Organization deemed something on YouTube, they were just, well, we're following theirs.
You're deleted and no questions asked.
What happened to you and your censorship story on YouTube?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, for me, you know, it's been a wild journey on YouTube, 16 years, you know, five documentary films, 275,000 subscribers, not one single community guideline strike, no copyright strikes, no warning.
It was just one day I woke up to my channel being terminated.
It was just deleted without any kind of explanation.
Something strange did happen though.
I think it was about eight months went by.
And out of nowhere, and I don't know why this happened, but it did.
I got a tweet from YouTube's official Twitter account saying, we've restored your account.
We've looked into it and we apologize.
There's been a mistake.
We apologize for any inconvenience and we've restored your account.
That was in late 2020.
or 2021 and then in November of 2022 it got deleted again once again no strikes no warnings and I've been gone and terminated ever since so I don't know why the second termination stuck but but it did but a lot of this does come from the I just said so-called medical misinformation as simply for.
You know, funnily enough, discussing some of the things that are now considered fact.
And now a lot of the mainstream media are able to openly talk about and other YouTubers are openly talking about.
But in, you know, March of 2020, you know, you weren't allowed to talk about these things.

[SPEAKER_06]
Was there a particular piece of content that you put up that they dinged?

[SPEAKER_03]
What were you talking about back then?
Interestingly enough, the very last video that I ever put out on YouTube, on my channel with 275,000 subscribers in November of 2022, in that video, I literally say, and people can look this up on all the other platforms where I posted that video, I say the information that I'm about to tell you in this video
May get this channel channel terminated.
However, it's it's such vital and important information that I think I should still tell you what's going on and I did so the very next day my channel indeed did get terminated that video was dealing with the
Um, essentially the, the sexualization of, of children through that Balenciaga, um, ad campaign.
So I had done exposing that and, uh, immediately the next day I was, uh, I was shut down.
So I think it had to do, uh, uh, with that essentially.

[SPEAKER_06]
Wow.
Oh, so it wasn't necessarily any vaccine related content or Wuhan conspiracy?

[SPEAKER_03]
I think the first time around was.
And I think because of the fact that, you know, whoever behind the scenes managed to get my account reinstated because of the so-called medical information that is now, you know, talked about as fact.
Whereas this other topic, you know,
They just don't let you expose that kind of stuff on YouTube.
So that was it.
That was the straw that broke the camel's back.
That was the one that did it.

[SPEAKER_06]
Oh man, I am sorry to hear that because 16 years worth of work just gone.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, you know, sometimes it takes certain doors to be closed for you to even notice that there are other doors and other opportunities there in the first place.
And I kind of saw it as a blessing in disguise.
And I still do so because I've, I've managed to now build up, you know, my audience on other platforms that are more censorship resistant and that are more kind of.
you know, decentralized and are more in favor of the type of information I post.
And I'm now getting the same kind of views that I used to get before.
And I'm less likely to be censored now.
So it really kind of worked itself out as a bit of a blessing in disguise.
So it, you know, I kind of look at the positive side of it, really.
So, yeah, it's a shame.
You know, 16 years of my work is gone, but I've got it all backed up on other platforms.
You can still go look up the old videos on bit shooter rumble and stuff like that.

[SPEAKER_06]
Okay.
Well, that's good.
Yeah.
I've experienced some of that same like sense of freedom, actually not having to worry about, at least for now, losing your, you know, getting censored.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
And, you know, they, they stripped me of the YouTube ad revenue, you know, which was significant.
Um, but at the same time, I don't want to rely on Google money, you know, it's like, you guys can, you can keep that, you know, thanks, but no, thanks.
I'll find other ways, you know, to, to survive here.
So that was another thing that I thought was good for me essentially, you know, is, is to be cut off in that sense.
And I, I welcomed that as well.

[SPEAKER_06]
fantastic, fantastic recovery.
Um, so I want to, I want to go back towards nine 11 because obviously when it happened, it was to use W's words, shock and awe.
It was, it was awful.
And I know people who knew people who were lost their lives and it was, but I always questioned a few things for me.
Um, especially after the mission accomplished banner on the
on the aircraft carrier where, you know, we went in and then Bush said, oh, we're done.
And, but there were some things that just didn't sit right with me.
Uh, one of which was I never saw footage of the plane that hit the Pentagon.
And that always stuck with me.
It's like two of the most heavily surveilled buildings in the world, the White House and the Pentagon.
Yet we can't, like there's no wing.
There's like nothing.
And it always just stuck with me.
And I would ask people that.
I'm like, have you ever seen any footage of the plane hitting the Pentagon?
And people would say, well, yeah.
I'm like, where'd you see it?
I've seen it.
I'm like, can you show me?
Cause I'm, I want to see it.
I haven't seen it.
And, and, but that's the roadblock.
No one goes any further.
You did.
You went deep and yeah.
So what was your entree there?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, what we found out was that not only does it not exist, but it was done so purposefully in the sense that the FBI immediately following the attacks went around and confiscated CCTV cameras from the gas stations and the things that were in the area that even picked this up.
All of that was confiscated and kept
By the FBI and of course the Pentagon you know the most highly protected building in the world at the time is going to have all sorts of footage and all sorts of cameras from all sorts of angles so you have to ask the question when people say they saw it.
What they were shown from the Pentagon was actually five frames of the video.
And in these five frames you see nothing of the sort of anything that resembles anything close to an airplane.
You see a flash that kind of comes in and you see an explosion.
And there's also other footage that have surfaced that show where the wings did not enter the building.
There's just a hole.
So where is the outline print of the supposed airplane that went into
this building.
So many unanswered questions about it.
It's quite clear to anybody who takes a little bit of time to look into it, that a plane simply did not hit the Pentagon.
That's why there's no footage of it.
That's why we've never seen it to this day, because it did not happen.
Same with the plane that went down in Shanksville, Pennsylvania in a field.
That is another thing that simply did not happen.

[SPEAKER_06]
There's like no remnants there either.

[SPEAKER_03]
It's a hole in the ground with absolutely not only no remnants, no engines, no fuselage, no wings, no nose.
There wasn't a single drop of blood that was found at the scene.
So for people to just think that an airplane disintegrated into the ground is just absolutely ludicrous.
But most people haven't really questioned the mainstream narrative
of the events following the days you know they were traumatized with the images that they saw on tv and they've kind of they've kind of left it at left it at that so uh you know most people are are still to this day surprisingly not aware and 911 is one of those key key things to being able to understand where we're at today once you understand what they were able to do there
And the fact that, you know, there are people who can do those kinds of things and you can understand how we've gotten to a point that we're at today.
So nine 11 is key.

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, on that note, I'm going to play another trailer from another one of your films about nine 11.
Here it comes.

[SPEAKER_11]
I think the 10th anniversary is the appropriate occasion to sum up all the research that's been done over 10 years, which suggests that the story we've been given about 9-11 is not true.

[SPEAKER_24]
We wanted an investigation into all of the actions and failures that had led to the deaths of our loved ones and so many others on that horrible September day.
A real investigation into 9-11 has never been done.

[SPEAKER_12]
Why didn't the Commission deal with the collapse of Building 7, which some call the smoking gun?

[SPEAKER_16]
At 5.20 in the afternoon on 9-11, it fell vertically and symmetrically in six and a half seconds.

[SPEAKER_23]
NIST acknowledges WT-7 came down without resistance and without doing any work for over 100 feet.
They even gave the equation of the line.
It shows that the slope is exactly equal to the acceleration of gravity.
The fact of free fall is literally proof of demolition.

[SPEAKER_00]
Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom.

[SPEAKER_21]
It's like 20 straight hits.
We just heard one more explosion.
That's about the fourth one we've heard.

[SPEAKER_17]
High-rise office buildings do not collapse due to fires.
All three skyscrapers were destroyed by explosive-controlled demolition.
But take a close look now at the corner, where you see developing a series of explosions rapidly advancing down the corner of the building much faster than the rest of these explosions, almost as fast as the free-falling objects.

[SPEAKER_26]
We have found what we call nanothermite.

[SPEAKER_16]
The thermite reaction was present and occurring at the World Trade Center on 9-11 and afterward in the pile at the World Trade Center site.

[SPEAKER_26]
Thermite must have been there one way or the other.

[SPEAKER_22]
The FBI's official 9-11 investigation code name is PENTABOMB.
The official story, of course, in the 9-11 Commission report and all the media that follows their lead, is that bombs really weren't involved at the World Trade Center or the Pentagon.

[SPEAKER_25]
Americans know you can keep secrets.
We kept the Manhattan Project secret.
That had a hundred thousand people working on it.
Conspiracies happen.
We know that.
Iran-Contra, Watergate.
Conspiracy is a sound legal concept.
We use it all the time.

[SPEAKER_03]
9-11 has unleashed a road map of war and destruction.

[SPEAKER_01]
A war machine that has been building incrementally since Eisenhower warned us about it in 1961.

[SPEAKER_15]
Anybody who looks at it will realize that we're not walking in there with tinfoil hats.
We are just normal people.
We are ordinary citizens who are concerned and trying to do something about it.

[SPEAKER_11]
This isn't over.
This is just beginning.
This is just beginning.

[SPEAKER_06]
Amazing trailer and the film is, yeah, mind blowing.
Great work, Dan.

[SPEAKER_03]
The Toronto hearings on 9-11 was a three-day event that I filmed the entire thing and put together a six-hour DVD.
It's a very comprehensive film.
The film's actually six hours long, but then a few years later we decided to edit that down into a two-hour version.
So the two hour version may be the ones that, uh, that you guys have seen.
I think it got like 2 million views on YouTube back when I had a channel.
Um, but there is actually a six hour version, uh, that is available.
Um, you know, uh, out there, I think I, yeah, I have it on my website.
Um, but yeah, so there, there's a condensed version that kind of went viral and then there's a whole six hour version, which is three days of delegations going on, uh, all compiled into a six hour DVD.

[SPEAKER_06]
And what was the outcome of this delegation of this meeting?
Is it still going?
What's happened with it?

[SPEAKER_03]
I mean, unfortunately, the hope would be that there would be obviously a real investigation, a real public inquiry, because the Warren Commission was just a complete whitewash of the truth.
I'm not sure if your audience is familiar with that, but their supposed investigation into this
Um, where they didn't even consider, you know, the very physics of things like building seven collapsing, um, which is a whole other topic, a whole other, you know, smoking gun right there.

[SPEAKER_06]
There were no physics in the nine 11 commission report.

[SPEAKER_03]
Exactly.
Yeah.
So, um, that, that was just, uh, you know, complete nonsense.
So I think the hope was that there would be a real commission, a real nine 11 investigation, but that obviously, you know, hasn't, you know, panned out to this day, but a lot of those guys who were, uh, in that documentary are still working real hard to this day to get that done.
Guys like Richard gauge of, uh, architects and engineers for nine 11 truth.
And, um, and guys like that are to this day, still trying to make this happen.

[SPEAKER_06]
I'm going to bring on nurse Angela because she's got some questions for you.
She's fairly new to this.
Welcome back, Angela.

[SPEAKER_04]
Hi, good to see you again, Dan.
Yeah, your documentary was mind blowing to me.
I mean, I'm a newbie in this.
Steve and I are kind of like the newbies in this.
We believed, we trusted, we got vaccinated, we did as we were told.
Even after I got vaccinated, I still trusted the government and I was in regular communication with them trying to get help for me and others until I realized that they're not out there to help us.
And so...
to my interest in opening up my eyes because I no longer trust them.
And so it's made me think about other things.
And, you know, with 9-11, what happened?
We lost so many civil liberties, you know, our privacy rights are, you know, in the name of national security and
this surveillance that they were doing.
And it just reminded me so much of what we're going through with the vaccine injuries.
I'm suing all of the UC systems here in California for privacy right violations.
And the comparison of the lack of transparency, the foreknowledge that they had potentially, I mean, they had to have known or had some sort of intelligence knowing that something like this was going to happen.
And
You know, it just blows me away, but I'm so interested to hear about Building 7.
That for me was kind of like the smoking gun.
That really did it for me.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
Building 7 just cannot be denied.
This is a 47-story steel structure that collapsed without having any airplane hit it whatsoever.
Mild fires were seen, small mild fires from falling debris from the collapse of the World Trade Towers were seen in Building 7.
No, never in the history of steel structures ever.
Not only has one building ever collapsed due to fire, but three in the same day.
It's just absolutely unprecedented.
But yeah, building seven should be the biggest smoking gun because of the fact that it fell in basically free fall speed.
So what that means is there was no pancaking of the levels.
There was you know it was like a controlled demolition and you can see that in the footage it's very blatantly obvious to anybody who does a little bit of research into it that that place was set up to be taking down why because you know a lot of the operations were orchestrated out of building seven that was essentially the control room.
For for for the entire operation not only that there were a lot of things contained that building that that that did get destroyed you know there was a there was insider stock you know trading for example some people before nine eleven were shorting certain stocks like bowing and stuff like that knowing what was going to happen and all that got lost.
in Building 7.
To me, it's the biggest smoking gun that there is.
The fact that that came down without being hit by an airplane should be sending off major alarm bells to anybody who looks at it.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, and then when you go back and look at the Twin Towers going down as well, you would think that they would fall over or that there'd still be steel standing up, but the way they came down, so symmetrical and free falling and all these explosions were being heard by witnesses on the ground.
I mean, it just, when you really go back and look at it, it's like, how could they think that we are so stupid?
And why wouldn't they do their due diligence to like,
investigate this thoroughly.
I mean, it's a major attack on our safety and our security in this country.
And, you know, it's very difficult to get information from them.
FOIAing things like, there's not a whole lot of information.
There was not very much investigation regarding what truly happened or if there was other nefarious things going on behind the scenes.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, and this is why I think 9-11 is still important for people to understand and to expose because once you get a grasp of what happened there and you realize that the government was not only capable of pulling it off logistically but morally are capable of doing something like this, then you can see what kind of things
we can potentially see in the future, and why things like COVID-1984 got bad, because these are the same people pulling the strings, the puppet string pullers, as I call them, are still calling the shots to this day.
And that's why earlier in the show, I wanted to make that connection between, you know, the post-9-11, you know,
fully fully war on terrorism and the post COVID-19 1984 world where everybody now is essentially a terrorist and they might not even know it and it was just a pretty pretty brilliant move by the powers that ought not be.
to take that paradigm shift from the phony war on terror into the COVID-1984 nightmare.
It was just wild.
But unless you don't understand, you have to understand what happened with 9-11 to be able to even make this connection in the first place.
So I'm glad you got a chance to watch the film and to absorb all that information because it's a lot to take in.

[SPEAKER_04]
It's a lot to take in and one of the reasons why I believed what they told us happened happened was because I couldn't imagine how they could have kept something this big a secret.
There had to have been thousands of people working on this.
behind the scenes and how, how, how do you think that was able to happen where?
Great question.
Like how did that not leak out?
I, if I had knowledge of that type of information, I would be the first running out there shouting to the world.
This is like, and this is so bad.
These are people's lives.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, a lot of it happens through compartmentalization where some of the people directly involved don't even necessarily know that they are involved or don't necessarily know how everything is connecting.
So although there could be potential for a lot of people to be in on this, I honestly don't think that that's necessarily the case.
A lot of people who
Play key roles could have essentially sort of being kind of kept in the dark and not realizing their part in this thing so you only really need a few major players at the top of this you know pyramidal structure of power here to be pulling the strings and everybody you know.
you know, down the chain of commands to just kind of follow orders and this thing can, can happen.
So it's not so much that, you know, there was so many people in on it and how come, you know, it's not coming out.
It's just, I think it's possible that something like this can be pulled off from a pretty small group of people who just have so much influence and so much control and so much power over different areas of the world that they can pull off something like this without many people being very aware.

[SPEAKER_06]
I'm curious your thoughts on connecting dots, right?
9-11 so important, the Bilderberg group we were covering, COVID-19, the vaccines.
How do we connect all these different dots?
Are they related, not related, and coincidence?
What's the connection here, Dan?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, we had a step back and look at the big picture here and there is an agenda.
There is an agenda for a one world government.
There is an agenda for a one world global currency.
There is an agenda for a one world religion and a one world police.
that will keep everybody in line to this new world order.
So that's essentially the agenda that has been happening for centuries, if not thousands of years.
And that's how it all connects.
This is all coming into the grand idea that things are going to be so bad and so awful, order out of chaos is how they operate.
You know we're all just gonna have to come together as one in order to deal with all the problems that were created by them so that's essentially what it all comes down to that's the bigger picture in a nutshell is what this is leading towards is an eventual full erosion of the borders of one world government one world cash system that will be digital.
a one world religion that, and this may offend some viewers, but it's going to tend towards atheism and a one world police force as well.
So essentially that's the agenda that we're dealing with here.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, there's a history of these government stage events.
I mean, we go back, we can look at these trends and it's really horrifying.
And one of the things too that caught me in the documentary was the lack of our
you know, Air Force defense response, you know, there was like, why weren't they shooting these planes down or like, you know, you think we're being, you know, when that first plane hit, we were being attacked.
It was nothing.

[SPEAKER_03]
There was no way to add who is responsible for doing that.
A lot of people don't know this.
They were actually carrying out a drill that day.
That morning, the morning of 9-11, the very men who were responsible for flying around the NORAD jets and shooting terrorists, you know, planes out of the sky, were confused.
There are audio recordings of them radioing in saying, is this real world?
Like, is this the exercise or is this real world?
And the reason why there wasn't such an immediate response is because they actually had a drill happening on the exact same day for the exact same thing.
And that led to a great deal of confusion for NORAD.
They were told to stand down.
They thought it was just part of the drill.
Turns out it wasn't.
It was real world.
Same thing happened with the bombings on 777 in London.
There were drills going on in the exact same place at the exact same time.
And this is a tactic that they often do so that, you know,
People who are involved are confused as to what's going on.
And then if anybody who is in on the black op gets caught, they can just say, well, I was taking part in the drill.
I don't know anything about what really happened.
I was just involved in a drill.
So that's one of the tactics that they use.

[SPEAKER_06]
They use a similar tactic, I think, on January 6th, right?
Because I was wondering, where's the military?
Where's the National Guard?
Why is it that just bicycle cops and security guys are dealing with this insurrection?
There was no one around.
And I think they might have been on a drill that day, if I'm not mistaken.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, it makes you wonder, like, the motive, Dan.
Do you think the motive is the war?
I mean, besides everything that you just said, you know, we went to war right after that in the Middle East.
What was that just part of the plan to, you know, it was two or threefold.

[SPEAKER_03]
I think going into the Middle East was definitely a big part of the plan.
It was necessary for them to invade Afghanistan and Iraq.
But I think.
policing people right at home was another big part of this you know just the fact that you know air travel completely changed immediately after 9 11 you could you know you've got the tsa you know scanning your naked body image you know all all all because of this uh you know
because of this lie.
And so yeah, it was all about getting into the Middle East and clamping down on the rights of the very people right here at home, but they had to have that excuse to do so.
You can't just start clamping down on everybody's rights.
So you have to provide that excuse.
It's the old problem reaction solution is a great analogy for how we describe how this happens.
You create the problem,
You then wait for your desired reaction to the very problem that you created, and then you offer the solution to this very problem that you created.
And at this point, people are just ready to accept any solution so long as it gives them a little bit more freedom.
So yeah, that's the play.
That's how they've been doing it.
Order out of chaos.

[SPEAKER_04]
And the economic interest, you know, with the military industrial complex, it's like a lot of money was made.
made by that.
So it's just mind blowing when you open your eyes and you see these things.
And it's so sad.
You guys have been doing this for so long and so aware, but it's so sad.
I mean, obviously for all of us, but people like Steve and I, we bought the Kool-Aid up until now.
And now it's kind of like, I don't know what the best analogy is, but like,
you know, believing in God your whole life and then finding out he doesn't exist or, you know, something like that, where I believed in these people my entire life and I put so much faith into them and took care of patients with their backup and guidance and finding out that they are just so corrupt and evil.
And, you know, I really kind of learned that during the clinical trials when they, they kept from the public, all the harm that was being done to patients and they lied about their data, they deleted their data.
And this was such important information about the safety of the vaccines and
They hid that.
And so I really realized how truly corrupt they are.
And if they're going to be corrupt about that, I now don't believe anything that they've said.
And so that's why I'm so interested in watching all these documentaries to learn about, about things.
So yours was fantastic.

[SPEAKER_03]
If there's anything good that came out of COVID, it would be, I would say that, yes, a lot of people woke up to the state of tyranny and to just how bad things truly are.
And it kind of, it got people to go down that rabbit hole.
And once you wake up to the COVID-1984 scam and you go down that rabbit hole, you start to see all the other areas where there
screwing us over.
And it's mind boggling.
But I would say that's one of the more positive things that have happened in this post COVID 1984 world is people have awoken up to these other issues.
They realize through COVID that something's not right.
We're being played here.
We're being lied to.
Something ain't right.
And they're looking into other things.
And, you know, I think it's awesome.

[SPEAKER_06]
That's a good point.
That's a great point.
We need more people that are aware to stop them and say no and create a real resistance.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, they told us so many lies that were not based on science that even regular ordinary people, non-medical people figured out like the six feet apart and, you know, taking off your mask so you can eat peanuts while you're flying.
But then, you know, the virus goes away during snack time, but then you got to put the mask back on.
And all of these things that were just so crazy that people were like, you know, you can sit down in a restaurant, but the minute you stand up, you know, like you're in an isolated bubble when you're sitting at your dinner table.
But if you walk, you can pass COVID in a restaurant.
So I think that
all the lies that our government told us regarding COVID really opened up a lot of people to realizing that they've been lying all along about so many things.
And your film did such a fantastic job from beginning till end and just the depth of the detail, but it was enough in lay people's terms, you know, to, to understand and, you know, like the explosives that were found, um, that were, that didn't come from the building.
Those were explosives that are used like,

[SPEAKER_06]
In controlled demolitions.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, in controlled demolitions.
And nanothermite, which can melt steel, is not the kind of stuff that, you know, your average Joe can get their hands on, you know.

[SPEAKER_06]
No.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
And, you know, we stayed away from
You know, conspiracy and stuff like that.
The film is truly like factual.
You know, we're talking with scientists, we're talking with engineers, we're talking with key eyewitnesses, you know, these are the people who know their stuff.
So, you know, conspiracy at the door.

[SPEAKER_06]
I want to get to some questions because we're getting to the top of the next hour.
And I know your time is limited, Dan.
So I want to get our audience involved here.
And if you have questions, put them in the chat with all caps question.
We already have several.
And another way to help us out is a super chat donation and we'll move your question right up.
So there's another way to participate.
First question from Emerson BT.
What happened after the truck convoy?
Any pushback in Canada about the financial crackdowns?
Anyone arrested?
Any change of attitude by politicians, residents about authoritarianism?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yes, so there's been a lot of things happening.
It turns out that the Emergencies Act that the government enacted was done so that shouldn't have been done.
Everybody finally realized that Justin Trudeau overstepped his powers by invoking the Emergencies Act.
This is only something that's supposed to be used for wartime.
So although it has now come out that it was a legitimate protest and they should have been allowed to have done things, no real consequences are coming of this.
A lot of people have suggested that I, for example, get in on a civil class action lawsuit against
the police, because I took a shot directly to the ribs with a baton from one of these officers.
I was injured for over a year after that.
But really, those police officers are not going to have to pay for that.
It's really just the taxpayers' dollars that would actually have to cough up any dough for that.
So honestly, nothing is really happening.
They've gotten away with it, essentially.
But what it did do
Is it woke up this country to to to to the tyranny that were under you know when when I couldn't travel not only outside of the country at one point they said me and my wife can't even travel outside of the province of BC and that's when we were like nope not having it I put out a video called.
um how to get through a covid checkpoint with press for truth if you guys haven't seen that check it out great video look it up on the site i think it's called how to get through a covid 1984 checkpoint with press for truth and uh me and my wife decided we're gonna challenge this order there's no way they're gonna keep us prisoner right here in bc and we did just that we got through the checkpoint by by standing to our grounds and by refusing to
hand over our information that they asked for.
And as you'll see in the footage, they eventually led us on our way.

[SPEAKER_06]
So wow, you had a checkpoint Charlie right there in Canada.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, we did.
They wanted to say, they said, we need to know where you're going, where you're coming from and your purposes of travel.
And I said, I'm not answering any of those questions.
I'm not telling you where I'm going.
And I'm telling you where it came from.
And I'm not telling you the purposes of my travel.
They said, well, pull into secondary then because you ain't going anywhere until you tell us that.
So I did.
They brought over their supervisor and it's all on film.
And I explained to the supervisor, this is a violation of our rights.
I'm not giving you any of this information.
I want to go on my way.
And they eventually let us.
on our way.

[SPEAKER_06]
They had to follow your rights.
They were just trying to intimidate you to see if you would break.

[SPEAKER_03]
Exactly.
They're seeing how many people they can come across who don't know their rights.
And I saw the shock in the one officer's face who was like, he said he's not going to answer those questions.
He just couldn't believe it.
What?
He's standing up to us?
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_06]
I was going back through your library and I had seen this way back when that the trucker convoy wasn't the first authoritarian police state that happened in Canada, the G20 way back in 2012 and you covered that.
And I remember at the time, I couldn't believe what they were doing to the citizens in Canada for just peacefully protesting the G20 summit.
Can you reflect back on that and compare?
And this has been going on that far back in Canada?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, that's probably the piece of work I'm most proud of is my documentary film called Into the Fire.
That was documenting the G20 summit that came to Toronto in 2010.
The documentary follows the entire weekend chronologically showing everything that happened.
And we show how the police used undercover provocateurs to set their own police cars on fire in order to clamp down on this totally legitimate protest.
And yeah, it's unbelievable what happened back then.
If anybody hasn't seen that, yeah, check out Into the Fire.
It's definitely, yeah, the one piece I'm proudest of, I would say.
produced, directed, and again, did all the music to that one.
But unbelievable state of tyranny that, you know, I think there was, it was the largest arrest ever made on Canadians where they were kettled.
And it actually ended up in a $16 million lawsuit being lost.
that the victims won a civil suit for 16 million for what happened to them back then.
It took 10 years for us to finally get an inquiry and to get justice, but it eventually happened.
All the people who got trampled on and the tyranny that was unleashed on them all got settled up in a settlement for $16 million.

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, there's some justice.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, yeah, that that was a good ending to that story.
And as I said, it took 10 years.
So maybe the trucker convoy thing is not over yet.
Right.
Maybe like it's going to take a few years now until, you know, Justin Trudeau and those who were pulling the strings are actually going to see any kind of justice for what happened.
But the hope is it lost.
That's for sure.

[SPEAKER_06]
I'm going to ask a question from Patriot 1776.
Then what happened to the people who were on the airplane that flew out of the Washington Dulles airport in Virginia?
Barbara Olson was on that airplane.
Her husband was the Solicitor General.
And I'm not even sure if I understand the question.

[SPEAKER_03]
I think I understand the question.
I don't know what happened to those bodies, but what I do know is that there is a document called Operation Northwoods, which is a really good thing to bone up on how they achieve these sorts of things.
And that was essentially when they tried to blow up one of their own airplanes and blame it on Cuba as a pretext
To to go into Cuba and part of that operation Involved a decoy plane there was the real one and then there was the decoy one and the the real one with the real people was went somewhere else and was supposed to land safety and the decoy one was the one that was going to be fake blown up and a lot of people think that the 9-eleven operation was modeled after a similar kind of North operation Northwood so
You know, it's possible that there was, you know, multiple airplanes and, you know, that one was landed and those people were, who knows what happened to those people.
But if you look at Operation Northwoods, that may give you some sort of a clue as to what could have potentially happened to those bodies.

[SPEAKER_04]
If I understand your question.
I understand your question because I had the same as well.
We had, you know, that flight was coming into the Bay Area and
there was concern that the Golden Gate Bridge was going to be a target.
So I was working at this big teaching hospital at UCSF and, um, you know, we were all required to be at the hospital because in case something happened at the Golden Gate Bridge, but we, we lost one of our patients who was, her name was Laura Grandacolas.
And I actually was in a mini documentary in memory of her cause she was, you know, supposedly, or she was one of the ones on that flight.
And now I just have more questions than I ever had before because I,
You know, she had, there was a recording of her calling her husband and she was 36 weeks pregnant and she was saying, there's been a little incident on the plane, but we're going to be okay.
I love you.

[SPEAKER_03]
And then she hangs up and just think of the technology they have today and what they can do with your voice.
And did you know one of those calls that happened on nine 11?
uh... from the shanksville plane i think it was uh... i don't know if you knew this but he says hi mom uh... this is mark bingham uh... there's you know there's there's been a problem and uh... and he left a quick little message
Have you ever called your mom and used your last name?

[SPEAKER_06]
Good point.

[SPEAKER_03]
Pretty bizarre.
If you listen to it and the audio was out there, he says, Hi mom, this is Mark Bingham.
And it's just a quick little message to his mom.
That's what Laura did.
The technology that we have access to today they had access to 30 40 years ago way back when yeah, so It's so crazy.

[SPEAKER_04]
She was she was an I think it was prom for news, but she was a news reporter So her story was really big and that's why because I was in charge at the hospital They asked me to be we donated a room in her name It was a big deal, you know, so I believed it all along and so now I have a lot more questions regarding
you know, these Bay Area people that one of them I knew personally, what happened to her?
What really happened?
Did it happen?
Did it not happen?
But seeing all of the, you know, building seven was for me, just opening my eyes to that was pretty shocking.

[SPEAKER_06]
I'm not sure where you stand on chemtrails, Dan, but this next question from Gaga is mine.
How come none of the hundreds, thousands of pilots spraying aerosol toxins don't blow the whistle?

[SPEAKER_03]
You know, that could be another case of a compartmentalized operation, you know, maybe some of them are not aware of what's actually in these things, or not aware that, you know, the very outfits of their own airplanes.
So again,
I don't think it's necessarily that there has to be so many people in on this.
And it's like, how could this not be leaking at this point?
I think a lot of the people who are even flying the airplanes are not even potentially aware that they're, that they're doing this.
So that's, that's, that would be, I mean, that's the only way it could work is to have this going on to this extent.
You can't have that many people involved without, you know, some sort of leak happening.

[SPEAKER_06]
Right.
They just, they're incentivized to tell another story to themselves.

[SPEAKER_03]
I've done a lot of stories about geoengineering in the last week because there was a recent experiment that just happened in San Francisco Bay where they released a bunch of salt particles into the air in an attempt to
create ice particles on clouds.
They just did a cloud seeding operation in Dubai, which it is believed that that caused massive flooding.
And there's geoengineering that's been going on for quite some time.
I recently pointed out how it was in the, I think it was the seventies, the United Nations had a treaty, a number of countries signed onto this that they would not engage in weather modification
for the purposes of warfare.
The fact that they even have to sign such a treaty back in the 70s means that, you know, probably something to this here.

[SPEAKER_06]
Right.
They know something, so they're going to sign this treaty.
And now it's conspiracy.
Question from Ochaye Tu.
Could we ask Dan if he thinks the massive illegal immigration of military-age men are the genesis of the New World Order police?

[SPEAKER_03]
the genesis of the New World Order police.

[SPEAKER_06]
I haven't heard it quite framed that way.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, I'm not sure what you mean by that, but it definitely does seem like there is an agenda to not only destabilize the Middle East, but to also destabilize the West.
Yes, with the wide open flooding of illegal immigration, you know, in Canada,
I think our population has just grown by like many, many millions just in the last couple of years.
Trudeau himself has actually just had to say, yeah, we kind of pushed it a little too far with this immigration thing.
Maybe we ought to do a little bit of vetting, make sure who's coming over here and things of that nature.
So yeah, there's definitely something going on behind the scenes there for sure.
And it's all about destabilizing the West.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, no doubt.
We're going to move off the dollar at some point.
So got to destabilize the people that are most dependent on it.

[SPEAKER_03]
The move away from the dollar is another, a whole another topic we could talk about for quite some time as well.
I do think there is a planned, you know, crash of the dollar coming.
I think this is why we're seeing gold have this phenomenal rise in the last, you know, this year.

[SPEAKER_06]
Meteoric just in the last month.
It's amazing to watch.

[SPEAKER_03]
Crazy what's happening.
I think what's happening is the central banks are secretly buying up gold like crazy.
I mean, we know that the China central bank is buying up gold like an insane amount, but I think a lot of other central banks are as well.
And that goes to show you something.
They're preparing for what they know is coming.
So yeah, it's not a bad idea for some of your listeners to own some gold themselves.

[SPEAKER_06]
And silver.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yep.

[SPEAKER_06]
Do you do you see some sort of event coming soon?
Like another?
I don't know how to describe it catastrophic event of some sort.

[SPEAKER_03]
I, I hate to say it, but yes.
And the reason why is because we seem to be going through a passing of the torch right now of the the the old guard to the new.
You've got guys like you know, Rockefeller,
you know, just died recently, Jacob Rothschild died, Henry Kissinger died, you know, the Queen just died.
They're all really old.
And it's this next generation, you know, Soros is on his way out.
All of these guys are about to croak any day now, and they are.
And so it's this new generation of young people, their children who have not gone through the multiple world wars like their fathers have, they're power hungry.
They're ready for their turn.
to take the reins and to and to continue the vision of their fathers and marches on to the new world order but they haven't gone through the worst that they don't know exactly what it's like so I do think the the passing of the torch is happening as we speak.
and this new power hungry generation of psychopaths, I do think are ready for their turn to pull off their version of 9-11 so that they could fast track us into this new world order agenda that their parents have been working on for decades.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, Soros' son is a piece of work.
Even more terrifying than his dad, possibly.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
I put out a video, um, couple of years back now called, um, George Soros.
I think I called it George Soros in the Canadian connection, but, uh, and I was kind of explaining how he's screwing up Canada, but in that video, I, I talk about Alex Soros and I explained how, yeah, George is one thing, but let's keep an eye on this, you know, the, the next generation of, of who's going to be, you know, pulling the strings here soon.
I put that out, I think in 2017 warning people about Alex Soros.
Wow sure enough now he's going around doing the circuit you know talking at these major events and and uh yeah so I I think we are seeing this changing of the guard a passing of the torch if you will and uh so I I hate to say it but yes I think more troubling times are coming but thankfully
since we've, we've gone through enough, you know, false flags to be able to recognize them for what they are.
When the next one happens, uh, I think we'll, we'll be that much more equipped to be able to, uh, to spot, you know, the inconsistencies and to be able to relay the information to our audience quicker now than before.
Um, so, uh, it should be interesting either way.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, here's, here's a question that would be interesting in your take from Dr.
Acasina, what would it take to wake up Americans or wake Americans up, especially the woke ones?

[SPEAKER_03]
What would it take to woke up the woke?
I'm not sure if that is possible, but you know, it is, but I'm not sure where what it's going to take to be honest, because
You know, when COVID happened, I remember thinking like, this is, this is it.
This is going to wake up all kinds of people like Angela did.
It worked.
But then, you know, I would walk out and just by looking around the sheer amount of people in masks gave me a pretty good idea of just how much more work there is to do.
Um, so I think unfortunately for a lot of people, what it's going to take is that.
they need to figure it out for themselves.
A lot of people have to not be told these things, and they need to come to the realization themselves.
This sometimes may require them to swallow their pride, admit that maybe they were potentially wrong, admit that maybe the way they see things is not correct, and then start to do that.
But that's gonna be on them.
Alls we can do
is essentially plant those seeds, get the information out there, and hopefully they start to listen.
And we can just lead by example, but they're gonna have to come to this realization on their own, just as everybody who's watching this probably did.

[SPEAKER_06]
That's a great point, Dan.
It has to hit you personally or within one, two degrees where you actually experience it or see someone you love before you can actually unplug from the matrix.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, yeah, and you know.
Stuff is happening to people all the time.
So hopefully they're waking up in big numbers right now.
That's why we have to keep the momentum going with what we're doing.
Because there are people now who realize they've been lied to.
They realize they're not getting the truth from the mainstream media.
They're looking to alternative sources for information now.
So it's crunch time.
I mean, it's time for guys like you and me to step up our game
and to really go, try to stay 10 steps ahead because it's crunch time and people are interested and rightly so.

[SPEAKER_06]
Do you have any friends left that are not aware or like since you've been actually publicly out there for so long?

[SPEAKER_03]
I don't have a whole lot of friends in general.
Me and my wife, we just keep to ourselves for the most part.
Most of the people that I hang with are pretty aware of what's going on.
In the case with my family, for example,
you know, pretty much, you know, all of my family is on board except maybe, you know, like one family member or whatever.
But this has been a process, you know, this has been, you know, a process that takes time.
So, no, I don't really have too many people in my life these days that don't see things the way that I do.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, we've our circle just keeps getting smaller and smaller.
I mean, we have our BSRF group and then we have all our people in our movement.
But
Yeah, all of us on our team have lost friends, family.
It's been pretty sad to see that happen.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, well, at the same time, though, you know, there's new people waking up all the time.
There's new people, you know, discovering not only that they've been lied to, but, you know, what what they can potentially do to help with this.
So, like I said, we're almost like got a fork in the road.
You know, this this can go any direction here.
So this is why shows like this are incredibly important, especially now, you know, because, like I said, it's crunch time, you know, that that new generation is power hungry and ready to go.
But guess what?
So are we.

[SPEAKER_06]
Dan, if you could remind our audience where we can find you or where they can find you.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, probably the best place to go would just be my website, PressForTruth.ca.
There at the top, there are some banners for where you could find me on Rumble and BitChute and I think mine's a few other platforms, but PressForTruth.ca essentially is the best place to go these days.

[SPEAKER_06]
Do you have any more questions for Dan?
I could keep going for a while.

[SPEAKER_04]
I could keep going for another hour, but I'm looking forward to watching Into the Fire.
That's my next one.

[SPEAKER_03]
Cool.

[SPEAKER_04]
That's the one that you're most proud of.
I was so impressed with the 9-11.
I can't imagine
you being more proud than the work that you did on that documentary.
So that's my next thing that I'm going to do when I can relax and lay down for a little bit.

[SPEAKER_03]
Nice.
Well, I hope you enjoy it.
And at the same time, I hope it doesn't tick you off too much because it's pretty intense.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
Make sure to have a cocktail in hand for that one.

[SPEAKER_03]
There you go.

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, Dan, thank you so much for your time and for coming on VSRF Live tonight.
And we're going to stay in touch with you.
And as things unfold, maybe we can bring you back if you're willing to.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
Yeah.
Sounds good guys.
Thanks for having me.
And yeah, keep it going.
Keep up the great work.
Like I said, it's crunch time.
So, you know, we got to keep ramping up our efforts here.
So I'm glad to be a part of this.

[SPEAKER_04]
And Steve says, thank you so much.
I spoke with him yesterday.
He says, thank you so much from the bottom of his heart for coming on.
He'll be back with us next week, but he was so bummed to miss you.
And he said, Angela, because I told him that he called me and I was watching your documentary.
And he said, Angela, tell me the top five things that you find the most
valid and relevant from the documentary.
And I said, Steve, you won't even understand.
It's a process.
You have to watch it.
I can't even tell you because I told him it blew my mind.
And he's very interested and very curious about 9-11 as well as other things.
He sends his regards and thanks you so much for coming on.
We really appreciate it.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_06]
When you come back, we'll make sure to have Steve.
That'll be really entertaining.

[SPEAKER_04]
Definitely.
Thank you, Dan.
Thank you, Dan.

[SPEAKER_06]
Everyone else hang in there.
We've got a few announcements to make and I'm going to finish the show with a video you're going to want to watch if you haven't seen it yet.
And it's Dr. Peter McCullough talking to Brian Shapiro.
Is that his name, Angela?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yes.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_06]
And it is an epic performance that he gave on, on, um, Brian's show.
So, uh, hang into the end tonight.
Uh, but that was incredible interview.
Dan is, wow, what a brave, calm, investigative journalist.
He's amazing.

[SPEAKER_04]
Amazing.
And I, it's so amazing to see investigative journalists like him, because like Steve, that's what Steve, you know, he, he went from being a high tech entrepreneur,
you know, to being a journalist.
And I think that we really need these amazing journalists to change the world because they're the ones exposing the truth.
If we don't have them, we're, we're left with mainstream media, which we know lies to us.
So, so, so critically important to support these investigative journalists and go to a site, watch his films, donate, do whatever you can do to help people like, like him.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, no, no doubt.
I want to share this.
a spotlight before we tune out and say that this is an important request, again, for support for VSRF Live so we can keep doing this and bringing back incredible guests like Dan Dix.
VSRF Live depends solely on public donations to bring you this weekly show and needs your financial support.
Even better, please consider donating to VSRF on a monthly basis.
Your contributions are tax deductible.
and vital to sustain our efforts each week.
We cannot do what we do without your help.
And here is another amazing donor spotlight for this week's show.
This is the part of the show where we highlight our donation heroes here at VSRF.
And we are so pleased to introduce you to a wonderful new supporter who recently reached out to us with a generous donation.
Mr. and Mrs. Bruce and Janet L. from Colorado recently reached out to us wanting to sponsor an entire show.
Fantastic.
These are incredible, kind and generous people, and we are so grateful for their support here at VSRF.
So please join us in saying thank you for your incredible generosity and support.
What an amazing and kind-hearted couple.
We wish you all the best.
And for the rest of our audience willing to contribute tonight, you can make a direct donation by simply texting
Again, our goal for tonight and every show is $5 per month per viewer.
And please remember, no donation is too small.
Together, we can preserve health freedom for generations to come.
And thank you for your support.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yes.
And then we have an event.
Can you pull that one up?

[SPEAKER_06]
Yes.
Let me find that real quick.
I thought I had it ready.

[SPEAKER_04]
I'll talk a little bit about it.

[SPEAKER_06]
Here it is.

[SPEAKER_04]
we love to support other great events because we know that we can't do this alone.
Like we are, we, we love all these other organizations that are fighting cause we were too small to, to accomplish big things on our own.
And so the fact that other people are doing great things, if you guys are in Washington DC on June 5th, or if you would like to go to this event, there are great people.
Um, this is operation truth.
It's a rally.
My great friend, Danielle Baker, is going to be speaking.
April Moss is a friend who's going to be speaking.
Our beloved Dr. Urso will be there amongst other great speakers.
So get on out there if you want to support them.
Of course, as we know with Defeat the Mandates, how expensive these rallies cost.
You have to get toilets.
You have to get permits.
You've got to get equipment and sound.
Feel free to donate to them as well.
And if you're in Washington, DC, please, please show up because strength is definitely in numbers.
We need as many people attending these as possible.

[SPEAKER_06]
Absolutely.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_06]
Thank you for sharing that, Angela.
And don't forget, you can also help donate to us at our vacsafety.org, at our Schwag, at our shop, and buy yourself some gear.
We've got new stuff always coming up online.
And next week, this is going to be a really interesting episode.
Next Thursday, April 25th, Steve will be back.
for a special yet heartbreaking episode about another group of helpless victims in the vaccine wars, our beloved pets.
We have several veterinarians that will be joining us to discuss the many dangers our pets face as the true guinea pigs of the medical industrial complex.
It's going to be a great show and we can't wait to share this important story with you.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, that's going to be Steve had to come to that, you know,
making the decision not to vaccinate his cat, Valentina, who we all know, she's like the princess.
She runs Steve's house.
And having that conversation, and he hasn't vaccinated her and he's very passionate about that.
And so it'll be a great conversation.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
Look, looking forward to that.
Well, Angela, thank you for, uh, joining me for this incredible episode and conversation.
And we'll be talking tomorrow even further in the weeds.

[SPEAKER_04]
Absolutely.
Well, good night, everybody.
It's been so nice being here with you all tonight and we will see you back next Thursday with Steve and looking forward to it.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
Have a great night.
And I'm going to sign off with a legendary clip of our friend, Dr. Peter McCullough schooling Brian Shapiro from the pushing the limits podcast on vaccine safety and post vaccination death.
Watch the whole 40 minutes if you can, but here's a, you know, about five and a half minutes of it.
Have a great night, everyone.

[SPEAKER_04]
Good night.

[SPEAKER_05]
I want to talk about vaccines with you.
Would you agree with me that the vaccines for COVID have done far more good for people in this country than not good?
There are so many people still that say COVID, the vaccines have killed millions of people, that all these professional athletes are dying of myocarditis when it's just not true.
So would you agree with me that the vaccines have done far more good for people than bad?
Well, what evidence do you have for that?
What evidence do you have that all these people are dying of the vaccines?

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, let's just take safety first because we always discuss safety before efficacy.
Would you agree with that?
Sure.
Sure.
Yeah.
Right.
So it doesn't matter how good a product is, it has to be safe.
Would you agree with that?

[SPEAKER_05]
I don't think there's any vaccination that's 100% foolproof safe.
You know that.

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay.
But it would have to have acceptable safety.
Would you agree with that?

[SPEAKER_05]
It depends what your definition of acceptable safety is.
We were in a global pandemic where at one point we were losing 5,000 Americans per day.
So obviously these were extenuating circumstances.
Go ahead.

[SPEAKER_02]
But what would be your definition of acceptable safety?

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, while I'm not a doctor and you are, I would say in my personal opinion, looking back on half the world being vaccinated, in fact, more than half the world, as you know, at this point, there is no direct evidence that
these vaccinations are people are dropping dead left and right.
And as you know, specifically on right wing media and right wing talk shows, they claim that all these professional athletes are dying of myocarditis because of the vaccines when they don't even know if these people were vaccinated.
They don't know their medical history.
And it's frustrating for me, doctor, because I believe the vaccine saved my life.
I believe it saved my parents' life.
And in so many studies out there,
You know, listen, you could, and as you know this, you can get COVID if you're vaccinated.
It didn't give you a lesser chance of getting infected or giving it to somebody else.
However, you are in so many studies that I've seen, and you can tell me if you disagree, far less likely to get the effects of having to go into the ICU or possibly dying if you were vaccinated.
Am I wrong?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, you're wrong.
And here's the reason why.
The prospective randomized double-blind placebo control clinical trials of the vaccines
never showed a reduction in severity.
They never showed a reduction in hospitalization and death.
And what's come out over time is the virus has mutated to become a much milder virus.
So as the vaccines were rolling out, we were being confronted with a less mild virus.
I mean, a less severe virus, more mild.
The other thing that happened is we learned how to treat the illness.
So we treated patients early and we avoided hospitalization and death.
So the two major things that save people's lives were having natural immunity from the first round of infection and then early treatment.
What happened with the vaccines?
Remember, the vaccines came in late.
So we're already a year in the pandemic.
We've been treating people for a year.
The vaccines come in late.
And in a recent paper by Norman Fenton from the UK, he's shown that there was tremendous misclassification bias.
So when they declared that there was an epidemic of the unvaccinated, in fact, the hospitals, they had no idea who was vaccinated or not.
They didn't have connection to the CDC vaccine records.
They weren't going in the ICU.
figuring out people on the ventilator who were vaccinated and who weren't.
In countries that actually did have the vaccine status like the UK, they found far more vaccinated in the hospital on ventilators and dying than the unvaccinated.
And in a paper by Shretha and colleagues from the Cleveland Clinic,
the least, the lowest risk workers that they have in 51,000 workers are the unvaccinated.
And with every single injection, one is more and more likely to get COVID-19.
Now, the deaths that have been reported after the vaccine are unprecedented.
Our safety system for vaccines records on average, half the country takes vaccines in the United States before COVID, records on average 150 deaths in a year on average.
The COVID-19 vaccines roll out.
And as we sit here today,
Our CDC has verified 18,655 Americans dying after the vaccine.
1150 die on the same day they take the shot.
Some die in the vaccine center.
1,200 die the next day.
Now that's under reported by a factor in FDA testimony of about 30.
We're looking as we sit here today at 550,000 plus Americans have died after the vaccine.
The same pattern is seen worldwide.
There are calls to pull these vaccines off the market.
They're so grossly unsafe because people die quickly after taking them.
