[SPEAKER_07]
There's something happening here But what it is ain't exactly clear There's a man with a gun over there Telling me I've got to beware I think it's time we stop, children What's that sound?
Everybody look what's going on
The battle line's been drawn And nobody's right if everybody's wrong The young people speak in their minds Are getting so much resistance from behind And when we're stopped, hey, what's that sound?
What a field day for the heat A thousand people in the street Singing songs and they're carrying signs Most they say hooray for our side It's time we stop, hey what's that sound Everybody look what's going on
It starts when you're always afraid Step out of line, the man come and take you away We better start, hey, what's that sound Everybody look what's going down, start, hey

[SPEAKER_09]
Tonight on VSRF Live, special guest host Dr. Pierre Corry meets with three key Pfizer whistleblowers spanning three decades of activism against the pharmaceutical giant.

[SPEAKER_02]
I was fired in September of 2020 for being a whistleblower.
There were emails from ICON begging Ventavia to follow up on severe adverse events that had been reported.
It was a nightmare.

[SPEAKER_04]
That story itself went viral, like 50 million views.
And I sat down with him.
under the guise of like a honeypot situation where I had to pretend to be gay.
You know, I'm not gay.
I'm a straight man.
He said, you know, Pfizer's mutating COVID and that, you know, he also elaborated on how there were problems with the menstrual cycles happening.
That's where it kind of, I had the epiphany of like this, this story is so big.

[SPEAKER_10]
Sometimes it may just be something that's on the record that comes down the road that there was somebody who actually did question these medications.
I look back at the 1991 advisory committee that I now am a member of.
Every one of those people took funds from pharma when they said, nope, we don't see any link between antidepressants and violence and suicide.

[SPEAKER_09]
Good evening and welcome to a very special episode of VSRF Live.
I'm your host, Livio Sanchez, and I'm thrilled to be here with you tonight.
As you probably know, our founder, Steve Kirsch, had a medical emergency yesterday, and we are happy to report that he is doing much better and is currently going through treatment.
But stepping in for Steve tonight is Dr. Pierre Khoury.
Dr. Khoury will be joining us to interview three Pfizer whistleblowers who are joining us tonight.
Our friend Brooke Jackson, who is currently suing Pfizer and her former employer Ventavia Research Group in federal court under the False Claims Act for fraud that she witnessed during the Pfizer COVID-19 mRNA clinical trials in September of 2020.
Kim Witzak,
who is instrumental in helping to get FDA black box suicide warnings added to antidepressants after her husband's sudden death in 2003 due to undisclosed side effects.
And Justin Lee, who is an ex-Pfizer scientist turned whistleblower that reached out to Project Veritas, and he has quite the stories to talk about tonight.
I wanna thank all of you loyal VSRF followers for showing up every week.
We cannot do what we do without your support as our work relies solely on donations.
Please help support us and donate today.
Every donation helps and all donations are tax deductible.
Thank you for your continued support.
And now I'm honored to introduce a true hero, the one and only Dr. Pierre Khoury.
Welcome to VSRF Live, Dr. Khoury.
How are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_08]
Livio, I'm doing just fine.
Well, it's afternoon here in Hawaii, but I'm glad to join you guys and help Steve and VSRF.
You guys are brothers and sisters to me, so it's an honor to be here.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, it's really great.
It's been a while since I've gotten a chance to see you and talk to you.
Tell us, what have you been up to lately?
What's going on in Dr. Corey's world?

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, yeah, I'm working a lot.
I, you know, really focusing on my practice.
I got a project I'm working on, which you'll hear about soon.
I don't want to talk about it tonight, but just really working on my practice and really focusing on cancer.
I've been studying cancer.
I'm going to be writing more about cancer.
It's an interesting story.
And so, you know, doing my thing.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.
And is Ivermectin have a role in your research?

[SPEAKER_08]
You think?
For sure, for sure.
That and a whole bunch of other stuff.
It's a fascinating story, the whole story of cancer.
So I've been kind of, you know, Paul Marek led me into this rabbit hole and there I dwell.
So it's been fun.
I've been working a lot with Paul.

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, fortunately, you are familiar with rabbit holes in your line of work.
So, all right.
Well, without further ado, I want to bring on the first guest tonight that you're going to talk to.
And before I do, I want to remind everyone, as the show goes on, if you have questions, put them in the chat, question all caps, and we will do our best at the end of the show to get to your questions.
So without further ado, our first guest is Brooke Jackson.
Hello, Brooke.
Welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you?

[SPEAKER_02]
I'm good, Livia.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_09]
It's great to see you again and I want to read your bio before I release you and Dr. Corey to have a conversation.
Brooke has a near 20 year career in the clinical research industry, gaining expertise in clinical trial management, monitoring and auditing, as well as director level responsibility for quality control and assurance, regulatory compliance and data management.
In 2020, Brooke was hired to manage one of Pfizer's COVID-19 vaccine clinical trial sites.
when she witnessed egregious legal and procedural violations taking place in the trial.
Brooke notified the FDA and was swiftly fired.
She is now the plaintiff in a whistleblower lawsuit against Pfizer and her former employer, Ventavia Research Group.
We look forward to hearing your update.
I'm going to leave you two at it for a little while, and then I'll be back.

[SPEAKER_02]
Thanks.
Hi, Dr. Corey.

[SPEAKER_08]
Hey, nice to see you again.
So Brooke, I mean, I know I know your story.
I'm actually good friends with one of your lawyers, as you know, Warner.
And so but I kind of I kind of wanted to delve deeper into that.
So can you just kind of tell us your story?
But one of the questions that I have is what you saw and witnessed and quote unquote literally blew the whistle on.
how egregiously anomalous or abnormal it was, those actions that you saw, was it like the scale of them, of how much it was going wrong, or just how damning some of those actions were?
And had you ever seen like little bits of that, like some messiness around trials, or this was like a complete departure from what you'd witnessed before as a clinical research expert?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, no good questions.
Well, you know, like Livia said, I've been doing this for actually like 23 years at this point.
But, you know, I've been involved in large scale enrolling clinical trials before, you know, vaccine trials, high enrollers, and I've never seen anything like this before.
I mean, it was the only way that I can describe it was pure chaos.
And I recognized these issues that the site had on a site level from the moment I walked in the door.
We were severely understaffed.
We were not able to
you know, keep up with the number of patients.
You know, I think if we think back to 2020 and how afraid people really were of this virus, I mean, we had we had people lining up outside of the door wanting to participate.

[SPEAKER_08]
This was this was one site of how many sites?

[SPEAKER_02]
So I was the director of one site or one company site, but we had three different locations.
So in the United States, Pfizer was running the clinical trial out of 131 US clinical trial sites.
I was in charge of three of those.

[SPEAKER_08]
Okay.
Yeah.
And when you started and you'll describe some of the stuff that you were seeing, but kind of on this topic, because you brought it up, were you did you get to learn like this was not isolated to just those three sites?
Were you talking to others and hearing that this kind of really messy, chaotic trial execution was going on elsewhere?

[SPEAKER_02]
Another good question.
So, you know, initially, because when I when I
when I started, I mean, I just hit the ground running.
I mean, I was working, you know, 14, 16 hours a day.
I was the last one there in clinic, you know, most of the time.
But I thought initially that it was just, you know, my three clinical trial sites, because you really don't have communication with other site locations.
Now you will have study-wide communication with Pfizer directly and their contractors.
But I really didn't recognize the scale of Pfizer's problems until after I was fired, when I had time to actually go through the hundreds of emails that I'd received over the 18 days that I was employed and recognize that this was a bigger problem, issues with the study diaries, having to print out and fax in
severe adverse event reporting forums.
There were just, I mean, we could talk about this for a long time, but.
Sorry.

[SPEAKER_08]
No, I'm sorry.
You know, you just brought up one thing.
You were employed 18 days.
So that's, so you saw this, like your, your timeline from when you first took that job and stepped in as director of that site to when you lost your job, that was only 18 days that you saw.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yes.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_08]
And that included weekends.
Wow.
Wow.
Yeah.
So we'd go on to tell us some of the stuff that you were seeing.

[SPEAKER_02]
Well,
Again, we were severely understaffed when, I guess it was maybe my first, obviously my first week, but maybe second or third day when I'm introducing myself to the staff and taking them aside, looking over their CVs, just telling them a little bit about myself.
I had one of the receptionists actually follow me into a patient room.
There was nobody in there and just sat down and talked to her.
And as I'm looking over her resume or CV,
I recognize that she's also doubling as our vaccinator, our blinded vaccinator.
So the person that is in charge of prepping the vaccine and injecting the vaccine.
And when I'm reviewing her resume, she has zero medical experience at all.
And again, she's doubling as our receptionist.
So in between checking in patients, she's back there,
mixing that, mixing the product and injecting it.

[SPEAKER_08]
So clearly you've never seen that before.

[SPEAKER_02]
Never, never.

[SPEAKER_08]
Doing front office and back office kind of work.
Right.

[SPEAKER_02]
And her last place of employment was at a local taco stand.
So it was really concerning.
I was bringing up these issues that I saw with their standard operating procedures, with not having access to a crash cart in the case of a reaction.
That should be easily available right at your fingertips.
When I went through the list of medications in our cart, we didn't even have epinephrine.
Our benadryl was expired.

[SPEAKER_08]
Um, you know, again, there was no oversight there.
There's no regulatory officer, anything, no quality control.
I mean, because that that to me as a physician, that is egregious.
I mean, any medical area of a hospital where you're administering medical treatments,
forever and always, you always have access to a crash card.
And there's someone stocking those trash carts when you open them or anything's missing, they have to refill them immediately.
And that's a really, you know, very tightly regulated process.
And they did not this is a clinical trial site.
They didn't have the most basic preparations to deal with emergencies.

[SPEAKER_02]
Exactly.
Yeah.
And so these are the things I'm recognizing the first week.
And you know, just, you know, I got ahold of our our SOPs prior to starting, I was reviewing those
And as I'm there the first couple of days, I'm recognizing that they're not even following their own standard operating procedures, let alone Pfizer's protocol.

[SPEAKER_08]
you know, local... Wouldn't that be enough right there, sorry to interrupt, wouldn't that be enough right there to stop enrolling immediately?
If you saw like, the conditions of where they're carrying this out, they can't protect the patient's safety.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, you know, and that's, that's, you know, going into really that the probably the beginning of my, my second week there, you know, I'm taking notes, I'm
you know, documenting everything.
I'm having conversations with the owners and with the doctors.
And, you know, I told him at one point, it was actually, I will never forget that it was September 16th.
I said, if we do not stop enrolling patients, pause enrollment in this clinical trial and get a hold of what we need to with regard to these patients' safety.
I mean, we were so overwhelmed
that we were not able to speak to the patients about the events that they were experiencing.
Our voice mailboxes were over full and patients were actually having to reach out to Pfizer directly.
And when I was introduced to Pfizer as a new director, they had to reach out to me directly and say, what the hell is going on?

[SPEAKER_08]
So they were even asking questions about your site initially.

[SPEAKER_02]
Oh, yeah.
There was absolutely no way that Pfizer didn't know what was going on prior to me getting to the site and performing my own audit.
And certainly after, because I called and spoke to our patient liaison and told them what was going on.

[SPEAKER_08]
So you were, you were sharing all of the, I mean, you're literally auditing the place.
You're finding just innumerable problems.
You're now passing this information through the normal hierarchy or you're reporting, um, within your reporting structure and what was there.
Did anyone ever stop enrollment at that site?

[SPEAKER_02]
They did.
They actually paused enrollment the day that I recommended doing that.
And then at that point, it was all hands on deck.
They were bringing in their family members.
They were bringing in husbands and friends to go through the subject source document or patient level data.
Um, and, and filling in blanks, um, you know, where there was missing data points, they were fabricating the data.

[SPEAKER_08]
When you said they were bringing in their husbands and friends to help with the workload that you guys were, so you had people who didn't really have training or worse than just.

[SPEAKER_02]
It was like nothing I've ever seen before.
And it's really, it's really discouraging because, you know, as I've
you know, looked at Pfizer's clinical trial data and, and gone through the documents that Aaron Siri was able to get, you know, and learning about these other clinical trial sites, I, I'm, I'm certain that there are more out there that are just like this.

[SPEAKER_08]
So, so you got actually you doing the right thing.
You alerted folks, they actually paused enrollment at one point.
When did you lose your job and why?

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, when,
When I asked the company to pause enrollment and really wanted to go through every single line of patient data and get back on track, I didn't feel like we were totally lost in the study.
I felt Pfizer needed to know that we were, the protocol deviations that we had, they needed to exclude all data from my clinical trial site, but we still needed to follow these patients
for safety purposes.
I was hopeful that my company would do the right thing.
When they felt like they were at a point where they fabricated enough data, they wanted to start enrolling again.
And enrolling in other clinical trials like Moderna's, for example, we were running
clinical trials for Pfizer's RSV shot.
I mean, their vaccines were their bread and butter.
So they were ready to get patients back into the clinic.
And when I realized that they were more interested in lining their pockets than protecting patients and the integrity of clinical trial data, I decided to contact the FDA.
So I did that the morning of September
25th of 2020.
And this is prior to any of the authorizations.
And about six and a half hours later, I got fired.

[SPEAKER_08]
Wow.
How long had you worked for that employer?

[SPEAKER_02]
I was there a total of 18.
That was my age.

[SPEAKER_08]
So that CRO that hired you, you had never worked with them before?

[SPEAKER_02]
No, no.

[SPEAKER_08]
All right, I guess for listeners, CROs are contract research organizations, which are essentially companies which help pharma, you know, run clinical trials, collect data, oversee safety and all of that, and supposed to know what you're doing.
You're supposed to do it well and right and safe.
And so you felt like you had to go outside of the normal chain of command.
You didn't trust this employer.
You thought they were doing the wrong thing, not protecting patients.
And with somewhat the complicity of Pfizer,
I mean, Pfizer wasn't making a lot of noise, wasn't shutting it down, was, you know, they asked some questions, it sounds like originally, but they were letting this stuff happen.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
And I really recognize that again, after I was able to kind of slow down, go through, you know, the emails that, you know, I hadn't had a chance to go through during, you know, my, my time there and, and recognize that this was an issue that, that certainly had to be going on study wide.
because of the way that the clinical trial was designed, the way that they were reporting it, I knew that the issue was broader and outside of just my three clinical trial sites.
And at that time, I was kind of, we've talked about this before, we feel differently about vaccines and drug products now versus in 2019 and even a little bit later.
Um, so I was on board.
I thought that, you know, this was going to be something that we could use to help end, um, you know, this pandemic.
And I was, I was eager to be a part of it.
You know, I, I, I left a company as, as the director of this company, very similar to Ventavia, like a CRO, um, and worked on,
validating the PCR tests for COVID, worked on an early stage room death severe trial, and I was just tired of traveling.
My last assignment prior to Ventavia, I was in Louisiana for 13 days straight, and I was just done.
So that's why I looked for employment elsewhere and found Ventavia.

[SPEAKER_08]
And it's clear that you were the right person for that job.
and you did the right thing, you were honest, you were courageous, and this is what happens.
And, you know, my only general statement is I've been shocked throughout all of COVID.
Everything that I've gone through, my journey and journeys of people like you and my network and everyone, is how few of us there are that really stand up, speak out, willing to take, you know, an ax and lose a job and for doing the right thing.
And that's...

[SPEAKER_02]
It's been disappointing.
And for so long, I felt like, you know,
Damn, I'm not the only, you know, director of clinical research.
Like there are more of us and I know you had to see some people out there that had to see this.
And eventually as time went on, you know, I've had several other investigators actually
one from California and one from the Seattle area that have reached out to me and told me very similar stories.

[SPEAKER_08]
It's still less than a handful, but I appreciate it.

[SPEAKER_02]
But I was thinking earlier, as I was going through one of Peter Marks, who works at CBER at FDA, I was going through his testimony and he was talking about safe and effective and I was like,
I'm still trying to figure that out.
But I was like, they don't even need my whistleblower testimony anymore.
We have Pfizer's clinical trial documents.
There's all the proof they need right there.
The evidence of fraud, scientific misconduct is right there.

[SPEAKER_08]
And I see Livio there, but how about we just finish off
Can you give us a quick summary of where your case is?
Because there's a lawsuit in Texas against Pfizer.
Where is the government in this lawsuit?
Are they supporting it?
Are they blocking it?
What's the latest?
Are you getting anywhere near discovery?

[SPEAKER_02]
No.

[SPEAKER_08]
Short answer.

[SPEAKER_02]
We're not anywhere near discovery.
The DOJ has motion to intervene in the case.
so that they can make it go away.
So we had oral arguments around the first week of May, and we're waiting for the judge to decide whether he's going to allow that or allow us to move forward.

[SPEAKER_08]
Gotcha.
All right, sounds good, Brooke.

[SPEAKER_09]
Brooke, your perseverance in this case is just astounding.

[SPEAKER_02]
It's because I'm pissed off.
Yeah, sure.
And I'm, it's so hurtful.
You know, Dr. Corey, everybody probably on this panel can attest to this.
And, you know, I'm tired of answering for the vaccine injured and to the vaccine injured.
These people deserve our help.
And Pfizer needs to be held accountable for what they've done.
And this isn't the first time.
They're not new.
They're not new here.
And it's so sad.

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, I think, Brooke, your story and the others tonight, and I don't want to make this about me, but our work and our efforts, we've exposed a lot of fraud and corruption.
across the board to a lot of people in this country.
And we use that term awake.
There's a massive amount of people who are awake now and are appropriately skeptical and doubting.
And it's from the work of folks like you.
And so I appreciate what you've done.

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, you also, thank you.

[SPEAKER_08]
Thanks.

[SPEAKER_09]
Brooke, you'll hang around, right?
And come back for the own table.
In fact, I'll keep you on while I introduce our next guest, Kim Witzak.
Kim, welcome to VSRS Live.
And thank you for joining us this evening.
How are you?

[SPEAKER_10]
I'm great.
Thanks for having me.

[SPEAKER_09]
I'm going to read your bio for those in our audience that don't know who you are, but Kim is an international drug safety advocate and speaker with over 25 years professional experience in advertising and marketing communications.
She became involved in the pharmaceutical drug safety issues after the sudden death of her husband in 2003 due to an undisclosed drug side effect of antidepressants.
She was instrumental in helping to get FDA black box suicide warnings added to antidepressants in 2004 and 2006.
Kim has taken her personal experience and launched a national public awareness campaign through woodymatters.com, a grassroots organization dedicated to making sure that everyday patient perspective is represented in healthcare conversations.
Woody Matters put a human face on the real-life, sometimes tragic, consequences of our current flawed drug safety system.
Kim is currently consumer representative on the FDA Psychopharmacologic Drug Advisory Committee, reviewing new drugs coming to market, and is a board member with several nonprofit organizations in the field of drug and patient safety, such as missd.co.
U.S.
Patient Safety Network, Recheck Investigative Health Journalism, and Institute for Scientific Freedom.
Kim also co-founded Free Arts Minnesota, which brought the therapeutic benefits of art and mentorship to abused, neglected, and at-risk children of Minnesota.
Wow, impressive bio, Kim, and thank you for being here and joining us this evening.

[SPEAKER_10]
Thanks for having me, huge fan.
I'm a huge fan of Dr. Corey and Steve and Brooke, of course.

[SPEAKER_09]
And I wanna quickly share, Pierre, you tweeted about this like a week ago about antidepressants.
Here's a screenshot of your tweet.
Antidepressants were never proven to treat depression.
It's not a chemical imbalance and 56% of patients stop them due to side effects.
And you see the numbers there, 255% increase in suicidal tendencies, 59% of depressing sexual dysfunction, and 30% become bipolar.
So this is a perfect segue for you guys to continue the conversation.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.
I mean, Kim, you know, we, we've, uh, we've gotten to meet and discuss things before.
And like Olivia said, I mean, your, your, your bio is absolutely phenomenal.
Um, and it's almost like a one woman war that you've won and you've made such achievements.
And so lots of respect here for him, but yeah, but you, you are the, uh, the original gangster, as they say, the expert on SSRIs and all that they, um,
that they've wrought on society and your work and trying to expose that has been amazing.
So why don't you try to tell us your story?

[SPEAKER_10]
Sure.
Well, it's funny when this was called whistleblower because I don't really think of myself as a whistleblower.
I just think about doing the hard right.
And it was a personal story for me.
I call myself the accidental advocate because I never set out to do this work.
You know, almost 21 years ago, my husband of almost 10 years was, you know, we were happily married, you know, life was good.
He had just started his dream job with a startup company, having trouble sleeping.
And he goes to the doctor, his GP who he has had a great relationship with over the years and was given an antidepressant, a sample of Zoloft and said it would take the edge off and help him sleep.
And ironically, I was out of the country the first three weeks that when he got put on this drug.
So I wasn't even there when he got put on this drug.
And I come back and I actually it's weird because it's 21 years to this day today that I remember coming home.
after being gone on a three week production for work.
And Woody walked in our back door and he was completely drenched in sweat and fell to the floor with his hand around his head like a vice.
Kim, you gotta help me.
My head's outside my body.
You gotta help me.
And he's like rocking back and forth.
And I remember looking at him on the floor like, oh, I've never seen this before, right?
And so he calmed him down.
He's bawling.
And we did praying, yoga breathing.
And eventually he called his doctor.
and was telling him what was happening.
And the doctor goes, you got to give it four to six weeks to kick in.
And so every night the next week of Woody's life, he came home and he'd be like, what do you think about acupuncture?
Everything was beating this feeling outside his head, right?
And so it was my busy time of year.
I was out of town.
I hadn't heard from Woody.
Woody and I talked all the time.
And I called my dad on August 6, around 9 o'clock.
I was still working.
I'm like, hey dad, do me a favor.
Like, I haven't heard from Wood.
Can you go over and check and see if Wood's around?
Like, I'm afraid he maybe hit his head.
And then I'll never forget the call I got next, which was my dad calling me.
I'm in the middle of, you know, on set.
And my dad's like, he's dead.
I'm like, what?
And he's like, he's dead and he's screaming.
I'm like, what do you mean he's dead?
And I'm like, how do you know he's dead?
And he goes, he's hanging.
I'm like, what?
Like the whole thing, cause Woody didn't have a history of depression.
Woody didn't have a history of mental health issues.
He had just started his dream job with a startup company and having trouble sleeping.
And so interesting that night, you know, my life in one,
second fell apart and I'll never forget, you know, my dad's calling everybody from my family to come over to the house and and and eventually the coroner called and asked me because I was out of town was Woody on any medication and the only medication Woody was taking was Zoloft and she said we're gonna take it with us it might have something to do with his death and
So that was clue number one, and that was that night.
And then clue number two was the front page of our newspaper, the Minneapolis Star Tribune, had an article that said the UK finds link between antidepressants and suicide in teens.
So really both of those things that night, Woody didn't leave a note and we talked all the time.
So I'm like, what you left it like on the biggest trip of your life and you didn't leave me a note.
And I almost feel like those were my notes.
But and also this deep intuitive, like every part of me knew that there's like what we just like planned our 10 year anniversary would had to start his dream job.
Like it made no sense.
But that night, my brother-in-law, my sister's husband,
went home and googled Zoloft and suicide.
And we had no idea, no idea that in 1991 there were FDA hearings that eventually we helped to get done in 2004.
But there were 1991 hearings when it was just Prozac on the market and the emergence of violence and suicide in those hearings.
And at that time, the FDA advisors, and they all took money from pharmaceutical companies making the drugs, they all said, nope, we don't see any connection between this.
And fast forward, so the FDA told Eli Lilly to study suicidality.
If they did, the FDA never followed up with them.
And so now you look at when Woody, that was 13 years,
after the FDA had hearings, and now we have Zoloft on the market, we have Paxil on the market, we have it approved for kids, like all of this going on.
And, you know, so that really was the impetus of like, are you kidding me?
Like, how could this have happened?
And then you guys knew.
And like, you know, and so that really became my brother-in-law and I kind of started a whole what we called the battle for Woody.

[SPEAKER_08]
with warped science.
But we've seen that, you know, we've seen that with Vioxx, we've seen that with Zygres, we've seen that with statins even.
And then COVID-19 vaccines, it's the same playbook over and over.
How did you, how did the black box warning, like, what effort led you to getting a black box warning on there?
Was that through legal, like, legislative advocacy?
Or is that from the court case?

[SPEAKER_10]
No, actually it was probably a combination of a lot of efforts.
Eventually, you know, there were big FDA hearings.
And so at the same time, there were congressional hearings.
So we were working with members of Congress.
And so, you know, we're seeing a lot of the things right now with like Fauci and some of those hearings.
There were a lot of hearings that if anybody's ever interested, the footage to go back and look, I mean, they called the FDA commissioners,
because FDA internal scientists actually came out and said that there were issues with suicide with the kids.
And they were kind of bearing that as well.
And so it was kind of a lot of efforts coming together that ultimately the FDA
in 2004 had hearings for kids and then 2006 for young adults.
I mean, the reality is all ages are at risk.
All the data and the documents that we got out and you mentioned, you know, like what I didn't realize is that, you know, the FDA to get a drug approved, you only needed two, you know, clinical trials, but Pfizer had done all of these clinical trials that sat in their,
in their basements until somebody got in and the lawyers discovered some of this.
And so all ages are at risk, but eventually they did add the warnings.
But today, all these years later, we're still hearing the same issues and it's a constant reminder of
because I go back and look at 1991, I had no idea that they had hearings, right?
I knew nothing.
I was a kid.
And so now I look, you know, the parents and stuff that are out there, people who are taking these medicines, they don't know the history of what happened in that 2003.
And it's weird to think that, you know, a couple of decades ago, and then you look at now.
So I think these, you know, I think it's really I am really happy because I do think not happy for what happened through the
pandemic and COVID, but I think, you know, the efforts of all the work that you've done to expose and everybody's exposed these vaccines, that I feel like people have become more awakened to what has been going on, especially, but there's still a lot of work to be done.
And, you know, so my work originally started Antidepressants, and it's really been more now about
drug safety and other drugs because I helped on Vioxx and I'm seeing how long, you know, even sitting on my new committee, you know, my committee today, looking at FDA and how clinical trials and how the new, how everybody's using breakthrough
therapy and new fast tracking mechanisms.
Every drug that's coming before my committee is using some sort of fast tracking.
And you can't have a drug on the market.
So, you know, obviously, when I saw the whole COVID vaccine, I was like, oh, well, yeah, of course you can't have anything.
You can't have that, because you can't get the drug approved, and they can't do EUA.
But the sad thing for me, and it's when I actually met Brooke, is vaccines were really never one of my issues.
But it was really when I start meeting the injured and people that were just like me, unsuspecting people that just trusted.
And so that's really where I kind of came in and met
I met Brooke and that was a really hard time watching my friends that I call them now that were injured or had loved ones killed by the product.
And so kind of in it together.

[SPEAKER_08]
It seems like there's a string, a litany of families that are destroyed from SSRIs, from childhood vaccines we know from the chronic illnesses and then the deaths around COVID-19.
You know, I think with all of our work, you know, I guess what needs to happen, again, I'm kind of restating what I said before is just immense amounts of skepticism and caution now that the average citizen has to have and ask of that industry, given its track record, which you've exposed, which I think I've helped to expose, which Brooke is, and even Justin,
is, unfortunately, we're sowing distrust, but it's healthy, it's protective.
And, you know, I don't think any of us should fall for safe and effective again.
My area is like, I know how they doctor the science, they censor studies from journals, those journals are run by pharma.
And so it goes deep.
And anyway, I just think folks like you, you know, single almost single handedly, obviously not single handedly, but boy, did
did you achieve a lot in correcting some of this nonsense?

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.
Well, I tell everybody healthy skepticism.
I mean, we should, every one of us should have it and not just blindly trust because I know I saw what happens.
You know, it happened to us.
We blindly trusted.
We never questioned because it was given to us by our doctor.
It was FDA approved.
and advertises sold and safe and effective, which ironically I am in advertising and I'm still in advertising.
So I think that has helped also me to understand like, are you kidding me?
That we helped to create the narrative.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yep, for sure, for sure.
Hey, Livio.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, I know the feeling Kim, you and I were both in advertising and yeah, one of the things I was able to abstain from working on were
pharmaceutical products.
I just couldn't bring myself to work on things that had such long disclaimers, including death at the end.
If you mind hanging out a little bit, you'll come back for our roundtable.
Justin, before I bring you on, I want to bring on a special surprise guest who's going to come in and say a quick hello.
Steve Kirsch.
Welcome to VSRF Live, Steve.
It's so great to see you.
How are you, my friend?

[SPEAKER_01]
Hey, Steve.
Yeah, Pierre.
Good to see you.
Thank you.
Thank you for for all your work.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, yeah.
Trying.
You needed a break.
So I'm glad you're upright and smiling.

[SPEAKER_01]
That's all I'm going to say.
I was you know, it's pretty emotional losing all your vision and I'd say virtually all my vision in one eye.
So
I may be able to regain it.
We'll see.
I had a CSR that basically bled out.
I had a subretinal hematoma, which basically covers my eye receptors in blood.
And so you can't see through the blood.
So the blood has to drain out for me to see again.
The blood also kills the retina cells.
So the trick is to get the blood to clear before it kills everything that's underneath it.
And so I didn't have surgery.
I did not have a retinal detachment.
I just got a shot.
Uh, in the eye, I went down to UCSD and got a shot in the eye and that's to help the blood resolve a little bit or it's a, it's essentially weed killer.
It prevents, um, blood vessels from regrowing because it's the blood vessels that shouldn't be there, uh, that caused the problem because they burst.
And so, um, I said, yeah, this, it sounds kind of like weed killer.
And he says, yeah, that's, that's kind of a good way to think about it.
So, uh, so I'm on this drug that was actually invented at UCSD to, uh,
prevent the regrowth.
It has this really funny name that I've never heard of before.
It's V-A-B-Y-S-M-O.

[SPEAKER_09]
That's the name.
That's not an an acronym for anything.

[SPEAKER_01]
No, no, that's the name.

[SPEAKER_09]
That's the trade name?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, Vibissoma or whatever.
So I'm sure somebody, there are a bunch of people listening that have heard of it.
It's the newest class of drugs to prevent the regrowth of vasculature in underneath the retina.
You know, I'm hopeful for the best.
I hired extra staff to work with me in the meantime, and hopefully I'll be able to regain a lot of the vision.
I could be stuck with what I've got.
There's just no way to tell.
They say I'll know in four months.

[SPEAKER_08]
You know, you have numbers, Steve, like any prognostic?
What is the chance?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, yeah, I asked him.
I said so.
So what are my chances?

[SPEAKER_08]
I knew you would ask that Steve anybody would.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
So, so he says there's 30% chance that you'll be able to make out letters.
There's 30% chance that it'll be difficult.
And there's 30% chance that you don't regain anything.
So it's kind of, it's like, you know, you roll the dice and, and, you know, I did nothing wrong.
I'm just sitting at my computer, minding my own business.
I'm looking at the check data.
And I guess I'm not supposed to look at the check data because it basically busted one of my eyes.
Um, and maybe that's a message to, to, to, to, to try to dissuade me from looking at the data, but I'm not going to, uh, that's not going to dissuade me from looking at the data.
In fact, I was just, um, I was just loading up, uh, I just fired up VS code on my home machine here.
I was, I was in Tahoe before and, and I'm, uh, cloning the repo right now, uh, that I have all the, the, the data analysis.
And cause I was on a call with Joe Freeman earlier today.
Talking about the data.
He says hey look, you know, if you can you can show this effect is huge when Despite the number of comorbidities then he says you got me and they won't be able to attack this so I'm pretty motivated to make sure that that that happens and I can tell you this this check data is very strong and it's very damaging and it shows that the health authorities have not been looking at the data and all of the fear uncertainty and doubt that these people like Professor Jeffrey Morris throw out the problem
and claim that, well, you haven't accounted for comorbidities.
You haven't accounted for the SES, which is the socioeconomic status of people.
If you haven't accounted for that, you can't say that you proved anything.
And I'm going like, yeah, that's like saying that if you flip a coin or if you roll a dice 50 times and it comes up six every time,
It's more likely that it is a loaded dice than it is that it's a fair dice.
And that's all I'm saying.
It's like really more likely that this thing is loaded.
And they said that, oh, well, the Moderna, the difference and the reason it's different in Moderna is because there's a different efficacy in terms of Moderna.
And that's why you're seeing this mortality difference because Moderna
has a different efficacy.
And that's why there's this consistent difference.
And I said point out that, well, the consistent difference happens when there's no COVID.
And
We discovered today I was on a call with.
Let's see.
Wow.

[SPEAKER_09]
You're allowed.
You're allowed to forget, Steve.

[SPEAKER_01]
I'm allowed to here.
Let me let me just pull this up here.
I shouldn't.

[SPEAKER_08]
I should not do.
I knew nothing would slow you down.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, well, it did for a while.
I had to go visit the clinic.
It took like seven hours to get from Tahoe to go through San Francisco.
The flight was delayed in San Francisco.
And WhatsApp is not responding, but my brain is working faster than WhatsApp, which is Claire Craig.
I was talking to Claire and we were going through the data and I'm talking about the time series data and so forth.
And I said, wait a second.
You know, they claim that this thing is due to efficacy difference.
But there's more active ingredient for Moderna than there is for Pfizer.
So the efficacy for Moderna should be higher.
So if anything, if they're trying to explain it by efficacy, Moderna should have lower mortality than Pfizer, but it has 1.30% higher mortality than Pfizer.
So they can't say, oh, it's more drug.
It's more effective against COVID.
It just isn't working out for these guys.
And the other thing on this, and I know I'm getting off topic and Livia is going to I'm messing with your show here.
But the other thing that's really important about this check data.
And I'm talking to Claire Craig.
She lives in the UK.
And I'm saying, Claire, whenever I go to London,
I whenever I use the subway, they're sending me this message.
And every reason subway in in Pierre in the UK, the underground, the underground, right, right.
But but what's what is the what do they tell you every time you get on board a subway train in the UK?

[SPEAKER_09]
Mind the gap.

[SPEAKER_01]
They tell you to mind the gap.
Exactly.
And you know what?
That's exactly what I did with his check data.
Because this check data has a gap between Moderna and Pfizer.
And so I minded the gap, just like they've been telling me all these years.
It's finally paid off.
This mind the gap thing is finally paid off because the gap is consistent no matter what the age range, no matter what date you're injected, and no matter what date you die.
There is a 1.3 get mortality gap that is Pfizer or sorry that Moderna is 30% more likely to kill you.
And that is consistent now.
So it can't be the efficacy because it's got more drug.
And Denny Rancourt did a study on various and he found 30% higher mortality if you got if you got Moderna.

[SPEAKER_06]
Hmm.

[SPEAKER_01]
Interesting.
And biological plausibility, because you have higher active ingredient, you're gonna have higher kill power.
And I just discovered today that Pfizer looked at using the same 100 microgram dosage of active ingredient.
But you know why they stopped?
They did they back down and went to 30 micrograms?
Why?
Because 100 was too toxic.
So
Everything aligns.
with this story.
And the 1.3 number is so amazingly consistent no matter what five year age range.
We looked at all these five year age ranges.
We looked at the time series doses one through three, 1.3, 1.3, 1.3, 1.3, 1.3, 1.3.
It's like this data is sending a message.
And if the medical community cannot hear this message,
We have a big problem because they should have heard this message because the health authorities should be looking at their own data, but they're not.
So I reached out to a journal editor that I know who knows the former journal editor for JAMA.
And I said, I need a favor.
I need you to call up your friend and have, we'll call him George because that's his name, and ask George to look at the data because when I try to get George's attention to look at the data, he said, well, I'll review your data when it's published in a peer-reviewed journal.
And I said, you know, George, without your help, it's probably never going to get there.
And of course, this is what they do.
They say, you know, look, you're you're you're an idiot.
This this data shows nothing.
And I don't even want to spend my time to look at it.
So if I can get this guy to look at the data, he will see what I see.
and it is a train wreck, and it will destroy the credibility of the medical community, it will destroy the credibility of the regulators, it will destroy the credibility of the public health officials who are supposed to protect us against this.
written it up.
Yeah, of course.
Yeah.
So I was Yeah, so I've written up there a couple of sub stacks.
There's a third.
No, no, that's coming.
That's coming.
We need to get all the analysis out first.
And I have there are some people writing it up a manuscript to submit to a peer reviewed journal.
All right.
So yes, yes.
So I'm trying to get all my bases covered.
And you know, it's nice going out with the substack first, because then they attack you and you find out all of the things that you need to defend against.
And in fact, we didn't know about this comorbidity database that this guy Uncle John returns brought up.
And he said, Hey, look at this.
Madonna has higher comorbidities.
That's the that's the reason that people more people died.
And he said,
We looked at the data closer than you did.
And there were months when it was reversed, where Pfizer had all the comorbidities.
And guess what?
The effect was bigger.

[SPEAKER_04]
Oh, wow.

[SPEAKER_01]
Wow.
So there's no way they're going to defend against this.

[SPEAKER_09]
They'll just keep ignoring.
They'll just try to keep ignoring.
Hopefully, this gentleman, George, will actually get it out.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, we'll see.
But I tell you that we track the comorbidities.
And they're like going in opposite directions.
Sometimes they're going opposite.
Sometimes they're going the same.
So in other words, the comorbidities cause you to die more.
Sometimes comorbidities sometimes cause you to die less.
Um, and so it's one of these things where it's, yeah, there's, it's there, but it's not correlated.
You need to prove that it's correlated.
You can't just say, Hey, you know, I found an aggregate.
This thing was higher, but if you don't show that the comorbidities ratio actually affects the mortality ratio.
then your argument is flawed and they don't have a leg to stand on on this check data.
This is why this check data is so important.
And I know I went through a pretty convoluted discussion about this whole thing in my earlier substacks.
I'm writing a substack now, which is
It's basically summarizing what I just said.
Hey, here's what the data shows.
They can't explain it.
They need to accept it if they can't explain it.
And it is very, very powerful data.

[SPEAKER_08]
Sounds good, Steve.

[SPEAKER_01]
All right.

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, Steve, thank you for dropping in amongst your issues that you're having.
So we really appreciate that.
And go get some rest, brother.
All right.
Thanks.
All right.
See you.
All right, I'm going to bring on our next guest who's been waiting patiently backstage.
Justin Leslie, welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you, sir?
Oh, you're muted still.

[SPEAKER_04]
Unmuted.
Sorry about that.
Hey, Livio, Dr. Pierre, Corey, nice to meet you finally, sir.
Thank you guys for having me on.
It's really a pleasure and an honor.
You know, I really appreciate the platform to share my story with Kim and Brooke, fellow Pfizer whistleblowers as well.
And it's, you know, we're taking a punch towards them and really the industry as a whole and just bringing awareness to the fact that allopathic medicine is
really not what it seems, you know, at this point in time, you know, we've been gas lit for a long time.
So I'm really excited to chat and, you know, be part of the panel and, and Steve, I hope you're well, sir.
Honestly, I mean, you know, I actually had an eye injury recently.
So we'll talk offline about how I was healing myself from that.
Oh, good.

[SPEAKER_09]
I'm sure you'll appreciate that.
I'm going to, I'll connect you to,
I have Steve's personal, but we're good.
I'll chat with him about it.
Justin, I want to read your bio so our audience can get to know you a little bit before you start.
Justin is a scientist, a whistleblower, an investigative and undercover journalist and a producer of the film project Whistleblower.
Justin worked directly on the COVID-19 Pfizer mRNA vaccine platform in formulations from March 2021 through April 2022.
He worked with Project Veritas during his time at Pfizer for four months.
Instead of being allowed to blow the whistle, CEO James O'Keefe offered Justin a job.
Justin went to work at Project Veritas as a journalist.
Justin is a journalist behind the infamous Pfizer-directed evolution story reporting that Pfizer is mutating COVID, as well as the fertility story on the impact the vaccine has on menstrual cycles.
Justin went to work at O'Keefe Media Group for about five months, where he ended up resigning in August.
In March of 2023, Justin released Project Wristleblower, which is a tell-all documentary of what his experience was inside the walls of Pfizer and the alternative media world.
And before I get you guys going, I'm going to play a little clip from that Project Veritas video that made quite a splash.
Here it comes.

[SPEAKER_05]
Hey there.
Is this seat taken?
You work for Pfizer.
My question for you is why does Pfizer want to hide from the public the fact that they're mutating the COVID viruses?
Is this real life?

[SPEAKER_06]
I'm literally a liar.
I was trying to impress a person on a date by lying.

[SPEAKER_05]
This is absurd.
Please don't touch me.
Well, this is not why the way... Why are you doing this?
Don't tell anybody.

[SPEAKER_06]
I was just working in a company to literally help the public.
You f***ed up.
You really did.
Can you please unlock your door?

[SPEAKER_10]
Please unlock the door.

[SPEAKER_06]
Please unlock the door.
Please unlock the door.
Please unlock the door.
Unlock the door.
Unlock the door.
Unlock the door.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, that was something else.

[SPEAKER_08]
You were right there, Justin, right in the middle of that room.

[SPEAKER_04]
I was the undercover journalist who obtained that story, actually.
I have a long story, Dr. Pierre, I don't know if... Yeah, why don't you start with...

[SPEAKER_08]
start with what you were doing at Pfizer, because I know you landed a job there.
And because I know, you know, it leads to your involvement with Veritas and James O'Keefe.
But what was the data that you originally what did you discover at Pfizer working there that you were originally trying to bring to Veritas?

[SPEAKER_04]
So I brought to them information about the lipid nanoparticles and the distribution of where they were going actually in the organs.
It was not public knowledge that this information, the lipid nanoparticles themselves were going to the organs and vital organs such as the testes and reproductive organs, which is where the whole menstrual cycle issues come into play.
um, ultimately the, you know, it's, it's really just corrupt in a way, you know, so I had ended up reaching out to Veritas after six months, uh, working as a formulation analytical scientist at Pfizer.
And, you know, this was my first job ever really.
And, you know, I, I, you know, I worked there for over a year.
So, you know, I have,
credibility in that sense of, like, I was able to maintain this job and work in a lab and do what was asked of me, do all the scientific assays that were asked of me.
There was Ribogreen, which is a fluorescence assay, which, you know, testing concentration, encapsulation.
I was doing fragment analysis for percent integrity of the RNA.
Those were the two main assays that I was in charge of but also even the appearance testing where I would Dr. Pierre, are you familiar with Melissa McAtee as well?
She was a project Veritas and Pfizer whistleblower I've heard the name
Melissa's also, she could have been on the show too.
We could have, you know, a quad way, but it's, Melissa had blown the whistle actually on luciferase and the lipid nanoparticles allowing these vials to glow, which is really interesting.
And so it, when you look at it in a black light, you know, and I have pictures on my phone and it's all in my documentary where the vials themselves are not,
transparent and they're translucent they're this like white substance almost where you know it doesn't look like it should be something that's going into your body and so you know during my time inside Pfizer I was
really willing to die in a way.
You know, not that I want to, it's just I was willing to risk my life for the world because I knew that these vaccines were injuring, harming, and killing people.
You know, paying attention to people like yourself, Steve Kirsch, the alternative media in general.
You know, I was, call me a wick.
You know, I hate to use that term, but like that's what I was.

[SPEAKER_08]
And so- What time period is this, Justin?
When did you first approach Veritas?

[SPEAKER_04]
March of 2021 is when I started working directly with Pfizer and then I started working with Project Veritas as an undercover source in late September, early October where they provided me this equipment and that is really where the meat and potatoes comes in because I was essentially going into work every day looking to
you know essentially get you know the undercover content from my colleagues that were higher ups to me you know I was I was you know lower level employee this was my first job ever you know I mean I was I was a biochemist scientist formulation scientist that's what my title was but
no I had directors and managers over me and vice president level people over me so I was looking to blow the whistle on the lipid nanoparticles in the distribution that was happening in the organs but during my undercover whistle blowing
there were some really bombshell sound bites that came to just in conversation with me.
And so one of them is with my manager, Conwall Gill.
And I will say publicly that I do not believe that this lady really knew that these vaccines were harming people in any way, shape or form.
But I was eliciting her on the ethics of giving booster shots to
you know, people in the United States where they weren't being given to people in India.
So I just thought it was, you know, entirely, you know, something to elicit her on.
And she brought up how there's politics involved.
And then she ended up bringing up how Albert Borla and the CEO of Biontech, you know, they worked together on this vaccine.
A lot of people forget about that.
that they had no idea essentially what was happening or going on, you know, and that, you know, we don't know.
Like saying that there was this 100% efficacy or the 98% efficacy, like I was watching VSRF live the other day actually, and you know, they're showing the increase in efficacy over the entire timeline that
Pfizer had these vaccines, you know, so that that's obviously something that they were lying about, you know, they didn't know anything.
And she said, you know, we're doing this on the fly.
Let's roll it out, roll it out, roll it out.
And then really ended the conversation.
You know, I asked, like, are we giving these booster shots for money?
Like, is it is it a money game?
Essentially, I you know, those weren't weren't my exact words.
But

[SPEAKER_09]
She ended up saying that, yes, this is turning into a money game.
And so...
I have a clip that you shared.
It's pretty short.
Do you want to play that real quick?
Is this a good time for the Conway clip?
Yeah, let's watch it.

[SPEAKER_04]
Conway then goes on to say that the vaccine was not so effective and says that the mRNA and LNPs are very sneaky.

[SPEAKER_00]
Only Johnson & Johnson's side-effect came out quickly, like there was a clot that was happening with Johnson & Johnson's.
Other than that, mRNA and LNP are very sneaky, I think.
We are not still seeing a lot of huge complications.

[SPEAKER_04]
She goes on to highlight how the clinical trials completely skipped normal clinical trials and went straight up, all at once, to phase three.

[SPEAKER_00]
There are three types of trial sets.
Phase one, phase two, phase three.
We just went straight up.

[SPEAKER_06]
Right.

[SPEAKER_00]
We just did this, but this is why it takes 10 years for a vaccine to come out.
It takes years of observation, blah, blah, blah, one, then two and three.
Here we are doing everything at the same time.
So everybody is as puzzled.
Nobody has a hundred, even CEO, Pfizer CEO, and even Hugo Sahin won't have answers.
because they are like looking at it, closely watching it.
At this point, that's all we can do.
And I feel like, yeah, it's also becoming a money game.

[SPEAKER_04]
So that was October 6th of 2021.
I mean, that is
From my perspective, something else in the sense of calling this a money game.
I mean, I feel like that that would have caused a massive change in vaccine hesitancy, at least if not completely change, you know, cause Pfizer, cause the FDA essentially to pull these off the market.
But I mean, we know that they're entirely corrupt.
So is that going to happen?
I'm not sure.
Just in hindsight, like if I had a time machine, I would have done everything differently, but I had given all of this footage to project Veritas, you know, and, and was too trustworthy with them.
And they decided to not release this information.

[SPEAKER_08]
And yeah, about that.
So they never really made this a story.

[SPEAKER_04]
No, well, and so that's not the only footage that I obtained there in my documentary.
I show everything that I have.
It's called Project Whistleblower.
You guys can find it at JustIntegrity.net or find it on my rumble channel, my bitchu channel, Odyssey.
just go to my website, just integrity.net.
Hopefully we can put it in the show notes if there are show notes, but yeah, they did not decide to move forward with this information.
And, um, to me, you know, they, I thought it was really fishy that they offered me a job instead of allowing me to blow the whistle.
Your motto is be brave, do something.
Um, you know, and they did not explain to me about like recording consent issues that, uh, the state that I was in, they provided me this equipment, but didn't tell me about,
what was going on.
And so, you know, the legal team knew everything that I was doing.
And so, you know, I essentially was offered this job opportunity to go work for Project Veritas, James O'Keefe.
And I decided that this was my next step in life that I had to walk away from working at Pfizer and like everything that I'd done at this point, like I'm a messy whistleblower in a way.
Don't get me wrong.
Like what I was doing with them, you know, you could call it controversial for sure in the sense that like I was doing this undercover
obtaining of information.

[SPEAKER_08]
But I mean, Dr. Justin, hold on, you were doing that before, you know, you got involved.
You were doing that on your own.

[SPEAKER_04]
Just you felt no, no, no, they worked directly with me there.
They were working very closely with me.
They were not specifically telling me what to do.
But they were coaching me in a way on essentially like how to elicit information, etc.
And so the other information that I wanted to highlight that I obtained was my manager's manager, Ramin Devari, he talks about how I elicited him actually on
This was a real life situation where my mom's friend's mom had taken the Pfizer booster shot that day or like the day prior.
This was a really recent episode, collapsed in her bathroom and died within 12 hours or less.
It was an immediate type thing and the family was like, okay, this has to be this booster shot.
Come on, we're not stupid here.
I brought this up to my colleague Ramin and he goes, well, correlation does not equal causation.
And, you know, it's not our jobs to be worried about this.
This is the clinical team's job.
And I mean, Brooke can answer for that because the clinical team is clearly not worried about people dying from these vaccines.
And, you know, I really think that there needs to be some massive investigation into
this entire scandemic as a whole, you know, because I mean, there's also the the emergency use authorization vaccine approval that happened on October 26 of 2021.
The audience can go check this out.
It's a public hearing.
And Steve actually did an amazing job during this hearing.
He came on on like the six hour mark.
But where I bring up what I perceive as fraud is at the two hour and thirty two minute mark.
Watch for
through through like the 2 hour and 39 minute mark where the Vice President Nick Warren of research and development biotherapeutics Pharmaceutical Sciences, I worked directly with this guy I had a conversation with him after the fact but during this meeting he went on and talks about how the Tris buffer was the one that got approved for their emergency use authorization but the
vaccine that had the clinical trials done was the phosphate buffer saline shot that we were working on that formula.
It's essentially what in the rumor mill there was it was called a bait and switch back in late 2021 early 2022.
that's exactly what this was about and Pfizer and the FDA came together saying that oh we can do a bioequivalence approval for this type of situation due to the I mean the phosphate buffer saline was only able to be stored at minus 80 degrees celsius so like once it thawed you had to put it back into a minus 80 degrees celsius freezer which is
honestly, I mean, that's not doable.
And in this sense, if you're going to do a massive rollout for billions of shots, I mean, the kids shots wasn't billions, I'm not fully sure, but millions of shots going into kids, they needed the Tris buffer in order for the ease of use and allowing for that to happen.
So, I mean, I feel like if the parents knew that we're vaccinating their kids, the ones that were willingly vaccinating their kids, they would wanted to
to know that information.
And Pfizer and the FDA were not publicly saying this to anybody.
And so that also was obtained on undercover footage, but I was unable to re-obtain that footage.
So Dr. Corey,
I answer to both.
I gotcha.
I'm sorry.
So I took this job opportunity.
It took me about six, seven months to get trained in undercover journalism.
And I did this story on Jordan Tristan Walker about eight, nine months into my job opportunity.
And this story, it really blew itself out of proportion.
And he talks about
Pfizer mutating COVID and then gets into the menstrual cycles and everything else.
But I really was at a crossroads for me in the sense of, for me personally, I look at the terrain model actually as truth in the sense that viruses themselves are really in question for being pseudoscientific and their basis for what we perceive as isolation and purification.
There's a lot of people that have spoken about this.
I mean, Steve actually had a conversation with Dr. Andy Kaufman about this recently, which was a really interesting debate from my perspective.
And I think it's really one of the most important things that we should be talking about is, are we being lied to about virology as a whole?
germs as a whole in the sense that you know we we haven't necessarily followed the control experiments of isolation and purification and you know we could go on for hours about a debate on this but I mean complex for sure
For sure.
I mean, but it goes, you know, it goes all the way back to like 1954 Ender's paper with the isolation of the measles virus.
And so, you know, that's not what this whole entire thing is about for me.
But when I did that story, I felt very internally conflicted because I was very knowledgeable about the terrain model itself.
And so I did this story and it was a huge, huge
50 million views, biggest story in Project Veritas history and you know we get to the metro cycle issues and you know the story was massive and so then I went to O'Keefe Media Group and worked for James for five or six months over there and that's actually how I met Kim, Kim Witzak.
I met her in person in Minneapolis.
I flew out to
meet her and this is when I started working with sources for the first time.
So Kim was one of my first whistleblower sources and I thought she had this really gut wrenching, heart wrenching, you know, tear-jerking story that deserved to be told and
You know, I mean, Kim can speak for herself, but from my perspective, I mean, I had maintained a relationship with her for like 10, 11 months, and there was no interview brought to the table.
And I was just really heartbroken about that because I thought that her story was really inspirational, life-changing, and people really needed to hear it.
And James O'Keefe, Project Veritas O'Keefe Media Group, or O'Keefe Media Group at the time, they sent me there, spent all this money to have, you know, sit down, have dinner with her,
She provided all this information that she ended up providing to redacted on an interview on a 40 minute interview and Kim you did amazing on it.
But the whole thing with that is, I mean it could have just, it could have came like almost a year beforehand and
I just I thought it was really worthwhile to tell so I include Kim in part of my documentary I'm not the only whistleblower that include and then there's another source Raymond who is a whistleblower of Twitter actually with child endangerment and then he sat down with James as well and
you know, James said that this story was not a smoking gun.
And from my perspective, it really was because Raymond has a ton of credibility.

[SPEAKER_08]
He is which story specifically wasn't a smoking gun.
Did he feel

[SPEAKER_04]
There is a story about Twitter.
It's called Clean Twitter Now.
It's from my source Raymond Bichard.
He's sat before Congress before, but he had done this pretty much exactly with Meta slash Facebook back in 2011, 2012, where he got a huge petition signed of 400,000
people signatures where there is child pornography on Facebook and Meta.
Well, this is now on Twitter.
And if you change the search settings, you can essentially find child endangerment and pornography open source on Twitter.
And so, you know, obviously this is not about Pfizer, but I came across this and I thought that Raymond's story was bombshell in the fact that James didn't want to tell it.
It just it was really hard to hear.
And then
One thing leads to another two, three weeks later, he went to Bohemian Grove, which is, you know, I mean, in the conspiracy theorist circles, it's a really questionable place to go.
And so, you know, I know a lot of people love James and I still, I love James, but what happened to me felt like an injustice done to me and then the rest of the world in the sense that I came to them to be a whistleblower and I got manipulated and used
to become a journalist and, you know, not be able to use my voice and share with the world the truth about what was going on.
I mean, come on.
If like if people saw this footage that I had obtained, you can't tell me that that would have surpassed 50 million views like the directed evolution story I did.
It most likely would have probably broke the Internet.
And I mean, I'm saying that lightly in a sense of like with the Project Veritas platform at the time.
in late 2021 and the way algorithms work, it would have flew.

[SPEAKER_08]
So it sounds like you've been through a lot.
You've seen a lot.
You've been upfront, like a front row seat to a lot of stuff.
And so it sounds like after these experiences, now you're on your own and you just finished this documentary where you're using a lot of that footage, a lot of that data that you compiled.
And you want to just finish by telling, just giving us a little summary again of the documentary and where we can watch it.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, absolutely.
Once again, guys, I'm Justin Leslie.
Thank you all for listening.
I am a former Pfizer scientist turned, you know, double agent, I suppose.
I was, you know, an investigative journalist and researcher and, you know, my situation got
really overwhelming and out of hand.
And so I turned it all into my testimony into a documentary.
It's called Project Whistleblower.
You guys can find it at JustIntegrity.net.
And thank you again, Steve, for having me on.
Livio, for having me on.
Dr. Pierre, I thank you guys so much.
And looking forward to chatting on the panel and, you know, chatting with Kim and Brooke as well.

[SPEAKER_08]
Sounds good.

[SPEAKER_09]
All right, I got us all back on.
Fascinating.
All of your stories are so connected yet unique and different in their own ways.
And I think all three of you got to know each other actually before you came on tonight.
How did you all connect together?
I'm curious.
Who wants to go first?

[SPEAKER_02]
I met Kim with Peter Doshi and an attorney friend of mine.
They invited me to meet with Senator Johnson at his, I believe it was his second, Kim, right?

[SPEAKER_10]
Yep, November 2nd.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, and I was there not to discuss
vaccine injuries.
I was there to tell the story of Pfizer's data manipulation and the fraud in the clinical trial.
And after I had my 45 seconds with Senator Johnson, I sat down in the front row and listened to 13 people tell stories that took
the air right out of the room.
And, you know, it took me a while.
I mean, I felt like, you know, I mean, I've been a researcher for so long, you know, and especially in liver and kidney transplant where
I worked for so long, I had patients that passed and severe adverse events that I had to report and protocol deviations.
These are not standard, but these are things that happen in clinical trials and when you're taking an investigational product.
But I don't know, there was just something about that day.
Yeah.
I'm so thankful that I was able to meet Kim.
We went and had dinner afterwards.
I met Aaron Seary and Lieutenant Colonel Long that day.
So I just was introduced into this group of people that really helped me for the first couple of months, because I felt like I had totally been living
I don't know.
It was just so, it was the craziest thing.
I don't know how to explain it really.
Um, but, but I thank you for your friendship, Kim.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.
And I was going to say that, I mean, when I met Brooke, I love anybody that is a whistleblower who's brave enough to come forward.
And that means anybody that does, because it's, you know, it's kind of a principle that I have, which is do the hard right or hard right, not the easy wrong.
And I know and throughout my work that I've met throughout the years, it's people that are willing to get fired, lose their job, potentially even lose their life by coming out with stuff and evils that they see.
And so when I met Brooke, it was the same thing.
I feel like I've been so around
people who've been injured but this whole COVID thing that was like forced on people and I'm listening to all this stuff and then I'm being at these hearings and knowing what how many of the hearings back in the day that we were able to have Congress and the fact that we were in
the Senate building and all of these members from the media, the media members of Congress, nobody showed up.
I was like astounded and except for all these brave people, the people who've been personally impacted and
you know, Peter Doshi, Linda Wasilla, I know my attorney, Michael Baum, you know, those guys were all there.
So that's how I met Brooke.
And then we've been luckily able to work on other things with, you know, the VAX injured, coming from the same place.
And then Justin, you can tell that story.
You were at my house.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, I, I thought you were like, I didn't know.

[SPEAKER_10]
Well, I don't even remember what your name was, but it wasn't Justin.

[SPEAKER_04]
No, I gave her an alias.
I think my name was my, my code name was, uh, I don't even remember, but, um, yeah, I came to Kim's house.
We hung out in her house for a little bit.
She showed me all of these documents that she had from all these lawsuits.
And I was just blown away on, on.
who Kim was.
Kim, I didn't know who you were at the time until I got introduced to your story.
Then we went out to dinner and Kim didn't know who I was at the time in the sense that I had worked at Pfizer because I was in alias still, essentially.
I was this undercover journalist.
I wasn't allowed to be a Pfizer whistleblower, I guess.
deep down I knew I was but it just you know was this was this difficult convoluted situation but Kim and I we went to a nice dinner and I was ready to have her sit down and do an interview with O'Keeffe Media and you know obviously didn't lead to that but I got to meet Kim and learn about her incredible story and
Um, you know, Kim, you call yourself an accidental advocate and, you know, I, I'm an accidental advocate as well.
Like I got into pharmaceuticals and wanting to be a scientist because I stem from having a multi-system disorder called tuberous sclerosis complex that not a lot of people have actually heard of.
where it creates benign tumors in essentially every organ of the body.
Those are the symptoms and there's a broad range of symptoms, but you know, it's connected to epilepsy.
It's connected to autism.
And I was just really always wondering like, why me?
Why do I have this disease with this really long name?
And so that's why I ended up going to pharmaceutical school and
ended up getting into a master's program at Rutgers and then working at Pfizer and realizing that this was not the industry I necessarily want to be in for the rest of my life.
So come a long way and Kim, you're an inspiration.
And Brooke, I had heard of you actually when I was on the inside as well.
And I had some undercover conversations
Yeah, I had some undercover conversations with my managers actually about your case, believe it or not.
And they essentially, I handed them an article.
I think the article came from the British Medical Journal.
I handed it to them.
Ramin Devari is the guy who I handed this to.
And he looked at it and he's like, oh, I'll read this later.
And he never got back to me.
A couple months later, I ended up resigning, but he just looked at me like I was some kid.
And I know I'm young, but I mean, I know when people are being harmed and I know right from wrong in this situation.
And I know that we're all on the good side of history in a way, that we are fighting the good fight.
We are fighting against
these vaxes which are evil poisons that are created in these labs and are injected into people that are bypassing all natural defenses and how our
our body and terrain is actually supposed to work and it's really just causing, you know, like look at the spikes in autism that we've seen.
You know, Steve's done a wonderful job whistleblowing on all of that.
You know, so kudos to everybody.
It's, you know, and like Kim, I don't like to use the term whistleblower.
We're just doing the hard right thing in a way.

[SPEAKER_09]
Fantastic.
Dr. Corey, I know you have to leave.
Yeah.
I want to thank you.
Before you go, I have one comment from the audience.
Not a question.
The comment is from Clairecat367.
We love you, Dr. Corey.
I'm sure that audience.
Thank you for stepping in and doing such a great job tonight.

[SPEAKER_08]
I appreciate that.
I appreciate that support and I know as much support goes out to these guys and everyone with the SRF.
It was an honor to talk to all you guys.
I appreciate you every way from Sunday.
Let's keep going.
This is going to be a lifelong thing and I ain't stopping.
Too many people to help.
Let's see how much we can get done.

[SPEAKER_09]
I'm going to continue with some questions that I got from the audience and I will start with a question for Brooke from AM 1001.
Is it true or just a rumor that Pfizer employees got a separate batch of vaccines?

[SPEAKER_02]
I don't know, because I didn't work for Pfizer directly, so I worked for one of their contractors.
But I do remember hearing that, but I can't confirm whether that's true or not.

[SPEAKER_04]
Livio, I might be able to comment slash speculate on that.
Please do.
From my perspective,
My colleagues were not necessarily getting a batch that was separate, but I mentioned Melissa McAtee from earlier.
She's also a Pfizer whistleblower who went through Project Veritas and she has some internal communications that might show that they
did give different batches to people that were Pfizer colleagues versus the rest of the world, but don't hold me to that.
So, I mean, I know, I know we're live.
So, you know, I can ask Melissa later, but I don't know.
I know that like my Pfizer colleagues that I worked with, they were all really excited to get vaccinated.
And I was, you know, the only one that was keeping it to himself that I wouldn't take this thing.
So that's why I was using religious exemption and fighting that way.

[SPEAKER_09]
And they allowed that at Pfizer, religious exemption?

[SPEAKER_04]
Like Brooke, I was technically a contractor through MindLance Inc.
So I was working on site directly with the colleagues that were Pfizer scientists.
So my title was still Pfizer employee.
I was outsourced by them, essentially.
So they recruited me to work for Pfizer.

[SPEAKER_09]
Along the lines, another question from Jeannie and directed at Brooke for anyone, but for all three of you as well.
Did anyone ever do batch level analysis on her three clinics and did all the mayhem unfold from a shared bad batch?
You want me to repeat that?

[SPEAKER_02]
Sorry, some beeping noise keeps going off.

[SPEAKER_09]
Let me repeat the question.
Did anyone ever do batch level analysis on your three clinics?
And did all the mayhem unfold from a shared bad batch?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, so that would be more on the manufacturing side, if I'm understanding the question correctly.
And I worked at the site level, so where the patients were actually recruited to participate in the clinical trial.
and give them at that point either the act of drug or what we call investigational product or placebo, and then we would follow them through their journey in the clinical trial.
So batch testing, drug substance, which turns into drug product, that happens at the manufacturing level.

[SPEAKER_09]
Got it.
Question for Kim from HAL 9000.
What's a black box warning?

[SPEAKER_10]
A black box warning is probably the most serious of all drug warnings that can be put on by the FDA.
It's literally in a black box and it's on inside your paperwork if you look at it.
And it's usually because they found some kind of serious adverse or death associated with it.
And it is, it takes a lot to get one put on certain drugs or, you know, a lot of the antidepressants, but like the anti-psychotics are getting them.
And it's something that everybody should pay attention to.
And it also impacts the way something can be advertised.
Cause as I'm guessing a lot of the people in your audience are well aware that there's only two countries in the world that allow drug ads and that's the U S and New Zealand.
And so those black box warnings do impact how things can be drug or advertised.
But I always tell everybody, make sure,
You always ask your doctors, make sure you look at that paperwork.
It'll literally be on the top of the insert as well as on any print ads.
It'll be in a black box.

[SPEAKER_09]
And do doctors tell their patients that they're prescribing has a black box warning or what's your experience with doctors prescribing things that have black box warnings?

[SPEAKER_10]
Uh, you know, it's interesting.
I would say I hear from a lot of people that their doctors have never even told them that there's black box warnings associated with these drugs.
And so it, like to me, that's just a simple, that's informed consent, right?
Like I'm going to, if I'm going to take this drug, it's got a black box warning, you know, there's a, um, and there's also things like the FDA med watch or, um, med guides.
And these are a lot of these drugs have med guides that should be handed out
to parents a lot of these Antidepressants sleep meds the opioids, you know, obviously we've heard some of that with the opioids But a lot of times, you know, I think it's I always say buyer beware It do not rely on doctors to necessarily tell you because there's also like in the case of my husband He was given Zoloft off-label, which off-label means it was never approved for insomnia
And so I think it's really important to also ask and, and, you know, obviously there's good use of off label as we, as we all know during this, in this time, but I think, you know, it's, it's really important to not just blindly trust and take.
and assume that the drug is approved for that.
I mean, we didn't know what to even ask.
Woody was never even told that it was anti-depressant because he might've said, well, why are you giving it to me?
I'm not even depressed.
And so there's simple things like that.

[SPEAKER_02]
But yeah, I think everybody- You know, based on what we've seen over the last four years, if some doctors just have no clue,

[SPEAKER_04]
right yeah well and kim also in your story i mean there was a 60 day window with woody where pfizer literally had to like you know there's this monitor period where you have to essentially pay attention to what's going on
very closely with the patient and very, you know, you guys weren't informed at all.

[SPEAKER_10]
So I don't think a lot of, I think you're exactly right, Justin, that a lot of people don't even know with antidepressants that the most dangerous time.
And I wonder how many doctors actually sit down and tell their patients it's when you go on it, when you go off of it and when doses just change.
And all three of those happened with Woody.
And it's not just the suicide and there's the violence, but also the sexual dysfunction that the FDA has kept.
And Pfizer and these guys have known about it.
And so I just have learned that
It's an attitude that I have which is these drug companies are big businesses and patients are customers and we have to really have buyer beware and have a healthy dose of skepticism.
And another thing that I always tell people is ask.
Go investigate and see if there's any lawsuits on the drug because lawsuits don't just happen.
And I know vaccines, that's why it was one of the big red flags when the COVID vaccine came.
I'm like, wait, you're giving these companies that are like, you're giving Pfizer one of the most evil, has paid more fines, like literally legal immunity.
To me, that was like red flag number one.
And I didn't, wasn't aware of all of this stuff on the vaccines, you know, in 1986 and, you know, that I've subsequently learned.
But so I always say, you know, lawsuits are really important because they don't just happen out of thin air.

[SPEAKER_02]
That immunity has got to go.
And the United States government needs to stop using my taxpayer dollars to fund their little projects.

[SPEAKER_09]
Absolutely.
Both of those are huge things we need to fight for.

[SPEAKER_04]
Can I say one more thing, Livio?
And Kim, also by your story, which was, it's a novel situation too, with Chantix, right?
Where you were taken off of the board, which was unreal, right?
And then Pfizer essentially was able to take the black box off of Chantix.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, tell that story, Kim.
Oh my, that is, oh yes.

[SPEAKER_04]
It's crazy.
What happened?

[SPEAKER_10]
So what happened, so this is really interesting, with the Chantex, which is the smoking cessation drug, they literally, when that drug came on the market, it's made by Pfizer, it did not have a black box warning.
Eventually a black box warning got added because there were all these lawsuits, over 2,800 lawsuits,
And eventually, Pfizer settled all those lawsuits.
And part of the settlement is everyone that had a lawsuit could never tell their story in public again.
So people like me would never be able to tell their story.
All the lawyers could never tell their story, as well as all the documents that were discovered were forever sealed.
That is when they went to the FDA and said, hey, we did a new study, the EGLE study over in Europe, and we found that there are no neuropsychiatric side effects with this drug.
And so the FDA was holding an advisory committee meeting.
which I'm now a member of this committee.
So I was like, oh, good, I'm going to ask, I want to hear, like, because if you're going to remove a black box warning, we need to hear all parts of the story, right?
Like the people on the committee need to know that there were lawsuits, they need to hear what did they, what documents do they know?
Like, what do we know?
And so anyways, a couple days before the FDA advisory committee, I got a meeting that I got a notice from the FDA saying that there had come to their attention that I had an intellectual bias.
I didn't even know what that meant.
So I had to have a conversation with the FDA all of them I called them and there was probably ten people in that room and I and I had to ask like what an intellectual bias meant and Which I know what it means, which I had you know I said they said oh you have a point of view and you had a lawsuit and I go no if you consider safety an intellectual bias and I will always have an intellectual bias because I'm gonna always come from safety first and
Lo and behold, I did get removed from the committee.
I could not be there.
And I asked one question.
I said, since I missed the window to show up as a public participant, because you have to register to be a public speaker, I said, I'd still like to show up.
I'd still like to come to the FDA meeting, because these were all in person back then.
And so I flew out on my own dime and my time, and they started the meeting by saying, one of our advisory board members you're going to hear from was recused from serving on the committee.
But I did, you know, at least make my point known during the open public hearing.
However, that doesn't get put into the record.
So lo and behold, the advisory committee happens and the members on the committee voted that it should be removed.
And the Black Box warnings, the neuropsychiatric warnings were removed from Chantex and Wellbutrin.
It was that whole class of drugs.
You know, what I say is the issue didn't go away, just the warning did.
And so almost days and it was right before, I think they had like a year left on their patent, you know, and all that impacts their business.
And ultimately, you know, I had doctors tell me that their Pfizer reps came in and told them that there were no, the FDA found that there were no issues with this drug.
And so it was that extra, you know, sales push.
And so I am always telling people to, you know, pay attention to what's going on at the FDA.
But yeah, that was thanks Justin for bringing that up because that was a pretty important story.
The media, nobody ever really picked up on this.

[SPEAKER_09]
Wow.
I wanted to follow up on something you said earlier, Kim, about dangerous going on the drug and then coming off.
What are some of the dangers and I'm really personally curious about coming off of these medications?

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, so with the antidepressants, first of all, there were a bunch of lawsuits.
There's been litigation with withdrawal.
People's bodies cannot get off of these drugs.
They're addictive, and a lot of those have to do with, like, Paxil had a lot of litigation around withdrawal.
And so it can be like the, it can be zaps, it can be akathisia, which is a condition which, you know, like you constantly want to move, you feel like you're itching, something's in your body.
And that's one of the organizations that I'm on the board missed is medication-induced suicide.
And that really is all about akathisia and everybody should check it out because to understand what akathisia is,
But so it's, you know, it's the side effects of just trying to get off.
But a lot of people can't get off and because their bodies have and people have been on them for so long that and I don't know exactly the mechanism, but that is one of the dangerous times or like the suicide as well.

[SPEAKER_09]
is what should people do who want to try to come off who've been on these for a while?
Are there some steps?
Are there programs?

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, there's, um, so this is becoming a really big, um, helping people get off of them.
There's, you know, some people out there, um, that, and I can put them into, I can give you the resources, the websites, um, to look that would help people.
Um, because this is a new kind of business.
Um, and I say business, new medical practice, helping people like Dr. Joseph.
Um, he's on Twitter.
And my friend Laura Delano, these guys are really, really kind of leading the charge.
Dr. Healy, Dr. Bregan, they all have some resources on helping people to withdraw.
But I always say,
Whatever you do, you know, don't just quickly go cold turkey.
That's pretty dangerous too.
And so, you know, it's a it's it's not something that, you know, I don't think and this is a thing.
I don't think when I go back to this idea of informed consent, I feel like that's another thing that people should really be told at the time.
is that you might have an issue getting off of them.
Or at least like, what's the exit strategy?
Because I don't think they were ever meant to be on for years and people like, you know, that's a scary thing when you want to get off and you can't.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, I think a lot of people are in that situation because there's just so many people on these SSRIs.
And they think it's just temporary.
But then they're told, yeah, not a good idea to come off.

[SPEAKER_04]
Right.
Kim, that's a really interesting thing that you're saying.
I hope more doctors are willing to work on helping wean people off because there are a lot of psychiatrists out there that kind of cling to their patients essentially staying on these drugs because it's more money for them.
And I mean, I have a sibling that my sister, she's younger than me and she was
on a cocktail of anywhere from four to six, I think, at a time.
And it took her several years to get off of them.
But she recently got off of them over a year or maybe two ago and was super proud of her.
But she literally did it herself.
And it took her one time.
realizing she needed them essentially to not have signs of manic outbursts, et cetera, and just really help.
She did it on her own, just weaning it off little by little by little.
And it takes a lot of willpower, too.
It's not something that's just easier said than done.
If it's something that you want, you gotta really commit to this.
But for the long term, it is, my sister's way, she's back to normal.
functioning normally without the neurotransmitters getting impacted by these petroleum-based medicines.

[SPEAKER_02]
It's awesome.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thanks for sharing that, Justin.

[SPEAKER_02]
Justin, I'm just really mad because your hair is better than mine.

[SPEAKER_04]
I was thinking about cutting it, Brooke.

[SPEAKER_09]
I have no comment on the hair.
I have a question for you, Justin, from early treatment saves lives.
What does CVST mean?
CVST?
Yeah, and I'm not sure if that's coming from something in your conversation with Dr. Corey, because I don't remember.
But that's the question.
CVST.

[SPEAKER_04]
I have.
I don't know.
I don't know what that means.
I was about to Google CVST.
Yeah, I must have missed that.
Cerebral venous sinus thrombosis.
It occurs in blood clot forms in the brains of venous sinuses.
I mean, well, I mean, what is it?
To me, it actually, it could be a symptom from these vaccines, ultimately, that we are seeing, you know, coming out of people's necks and out of people's groins from
the whistleblower, and bombers, and funeral directors that are pulling out these white clots that, I mean, they're saying that they're novel from these vaccines.
Some in the Provax community argue that these white clots have been around for years, but I don't know.
It's the first time it's really ever been brought to my attention, and that's certainly something that could be connected to these vaccines.
I mean, with all of that, I think that this technology after I, I didn't get to really share this either, but in my documentary, I go into it.
I, I had the privilege of working with Dr. Carrie Madej and looking at these vaccines under a microscope.
And there were these like black and purple looking shards under the microscope.
When we put it, put Pfizer, put Moderna, we also saw Johnson and Johnson.
all in the same night and this was horrific and to me she was saying in real time that this is either graphene or graphene like substances under the microscope and to me like with the graphene and and the formulation as a whole it is a drug delivery system ultimately that is
forming in our arteries and our veins and causing all these microclots.
So that is something that could lead to CVST, but I don't know.
I don't think I've brought it up with Dr. Corey.

[SPEAKER_02]
Where's Peter McCullough?

[SPEAKER_04]
Right.
Where's Dr. McCullough when you need him?

[SPEAKER_09]
We should ask him.
I have another question for you here, Justin, from Timmy04JC.
What do you think of Kevin McKernan's discovery of plasma DNA in the vials?

[SPEAKER_04]
Oh, I'm not fully sure.
There has been a lot of people that have spoken out about DNA being in the vials and being contaminated.
And there's some people that have said that there is no RNA, there's no DNA.
I mean, Steve actually, I think was part of an analysis where there was no RNA in the vials.
With in regards to the plasmid and the contamination, I'm not fully, fully sure.
So I don't really want to comment one way or another about that in the sense that that's not my area of expertise of contamination and what's going on there.
But it's, I essentially call this vaccine a toxic poison bomb and it's something that should not be going into anyone's arms.
So,
You know, I don't fully, fully speculate on the DNA contamination area.
I just, this shouldn't be going into anybody.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I actually agree with it.

[SPEAKER_09]
Shouldn't be going into anybody in that it's toxic.
Um, okay.
A couple more questions.
One for you, Brooke, um, from Dieter 2021, did your friends and family and colleagues come to support you more so after your whistle blow?

[SPEAKER_02]
You know, I didn't have, I never lost any friends, any family because, you know, of the products and their choice or not to take them.
As far as colleagues, you know, I missed them for years and years.
Some I don't even talk to anymore.
Maybe that's my choice or maybe it's theirs, but people that worked on this clinical trial
I know that they saw things too and to know that there are 131 US sites and probably problems at the majority of them.

[SPEAKER_09]
That's a question from Zoomiest that says, were any of your coworkers at all concerned about faulty procedures?
Any idea why you were the sole whistleblower?

[SPEAKER_02]
Oh, no, I wasn't.
I wasn't.
You know, in the British Medical Journal article that was published in 2021, investigative journalist Paul Thacker actually spoke to three, it was either two or three, of my colleagues that worked at Ventavia that, you know, collaborated everything that I said about, you know, and what I reported to Pfizer and the FDA.

[SPEAKER_04]
I can actually piggyback off that too.
So I was at the Andover campus and since the release of my whistle-blowing story, I know it's much later because it was all drawn out, etc., but there's one person who's working in Andover right now and there's also someone who's left but also is working
also at Andover and they both called these toxic poison bomb, death shots, kill shots, whatever you want to call them through a friend.
He sent me screenshots.
He's like, look, I know these guys, look them up on LinkedIn.
And so, you know, I'm not going to burn them here, but they were, they were highly skeptical.
Burned by in the sense of like doxing them on their names.
I'll leave it confidential, but
There were people at Pfizer besides me on my site that were highly skeptical of what was going on as well.

[SPEAKER_09]
Just not brave enough to really come out publicly like you were.

[SPEAKER_04]
Everyone has their own reasons.

[SPEAKER_09]
I'll finish off with another question for Kim from LL7442.
Kim, I have a friend who swears that SSRIs vastly improved her quality of life.
Last year, her 23-year-old started on them and she says his life is also greatly improved.
Are there good studies on why some people have such adverse reactions while others are helped?

[SPEAKER_10]
Well, I think that is something we've heard from day one when I was out there that, you know, I mean, it's what we fought, like when we were just trying to get warnings because one side would be like, they saved my life.
The other one's like, they killed my kid.
And so the reality is, you know, I think placebo is a big part of it.
You know, everybody's body's different.
There are also, which I have learned,
that there are liver tests, there are tests that we can actually test your bodies to know which drugs would work and which ones wouldn't, which is crazy that I can't believe that that isn't something that everybody does or doctors, I know why they don't, they'd rather just keep trying.
So I say great, if it works, great.
But you know, I also say that you should also, you know, these drugs were never tested for more than six weeks.
I mean, now, obviously, we've got these drugs that are out there for 30 some years, but they were never really meant, you know, it's kind of like what we are saying right now, which is
you know we don't know long-term and I think you know that's what I always say is we don't know what the long-term effect and you know is it something they're gonna be on forever I don't know so but you know if it works great but I also think there's a lot of things that should be tried before just quickly taking us serious mind-altering drug and you should know all the information and be given all the information
And including being an adult where they tell you that it's only kids, it's all ages that are at risk.
The data that's come for that have been all ages.

[SPEAKER_09]
Right.
Yeah, it really comes down to its big business.
And there's a lot of money being made and people get prescribed.
And then there's the addiction part of it to these
all these medications.
I mean, fortunately, I don't think a lot of people are taking the COVID vaccine anymore, but it sounds like there's going to be something else coming down the pipe real soon with the bird flu or something else, some other pandemic.

[SPEAKER_02]
What's your guess?
Healthy skepticism.

[SPEAKER_04]
disease X.
They're just going to create it out of thin air and it's all part of their propaganda show.

[SPEAKER_09]
What's your guess, Brooke?
The plague.
They're just going to call it the plague before or after the election.
Well, I want to thank all of you.
I could go on all night.
I mean, I've got actually questions and I'm really thrilled that Dr. Corey was able to step in and that Steve made an appearance.
And I'd love to have you all back at some point in the future and get more updates and dive deeper into each of your subjects.

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, when I went my lawsuit against Pfizer and pierced that PrEP immunity shield,
and start my research foundation for injured, then I'll be back on.

[SPEAKER_09]
You'll come back.
In fact, I think next week we got Warner Mendenhall.

[SPEAKER_02]
Really?
I'm so glad to him because he was just calling me and he called me like three times.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.
Well, I'll tease next week's show after I say goodbye.

[SPEAKER_02]
I'm sorry.
Why am I not coming on with him?

[SPEAKER_09]
Good point.

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, you might be back next week.
So much great work and really everywhere.
I know he's worked a lot with Kevin McKernan, too.
We're just talking about that DNA contamination.
So bring that up to him next week.

[SPEAKER_09]
Definitely will.
Well, Brooke, it was great seeing you again.
Kim, it's wonderful to meet you.
And I'm going to actually stay in touch with you because I got a lot more questions for you.
And Justin.

[SPEAKER_02]
I've been to her house too, Justin, just saying.

[SPEAKER_09]
Justin, great work you're doing.
And I appreciate you being here.
And I would also love to stay connected and have you back.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thank you so much.
It was a pleasure to meet you.
Thank you for moderating the last hour.
It was awesome to sit with you amazing ladies as well.
I mean, it's an honor to know you both and just keep fighting.
I mean, that's what we got to keep doing, right?

[SPEAKER_10]
The small but mighty team.
And it's like one of my favorite quotes that was from Margaret Mead that would never underestimate the power of like the, you know, a small group of committed individuals to change the world.
It's the only way that ever has.
And I kind of, you know, I kind of hacked that a little bit, but that was the, that was the quote that was on the wall of my law firm, Bomb Headland or with Michael Bomb.
And it literally is what keeps me going.
It's like, I'm telling you, it's the small group and people think that you can't that we can't make a difference.
And I'm, I know that it's the committed group of small, you know, the small group of people and getting more and more and more that the individual can make a difference.
And so I empower everybody to go and not be afraid and
be brave.
And that's what we were made to be as humans is brave.
Yeah, I gave us brave.
I mean, that's kind of what we're supposed to be.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, thank you for saying that.
I'm going to play a little video at the end of Peter Hotez talking about wanting to get like, we can't take us on.

[SPEAKER_10]
I was like, oh, God.
I thought you were not brave.

[SPEAKER_09]
He wants to come after all those anti-vaxxers because, you know, they're killing people instead of trying to save people.
And another quick message for you, Justin, from John Bodwin, who we had on last week, that, Justin, I'll buy you a beer if you're still in Massachusetts.
I was just down the street from Andover on Saturday.

[SPEAKER_04]
Oh, I would love one, but it's got to be non alcoholic because I gave up booze.
Tell John to DM me.
Are you in Massachusetts, Justin?
I'm in Connecticut right now.

[SPEAKER_09]
OK, I'm in Massachusetts and I was in Connecticut.
at the beginning.
I'm in Western Mass.

[SPEAKER_04]
Okay.
All right.
Well, Western Mass is a little easier to get to, I think.
So yeah.

[SPEAKER_09]
All right.
Well, we'll stay connected.
Yes, sir.
All right.
Thank you all and have a great rest of your evening.
Everyone else, they got a few little announcements and and
I want to say, you know, I want to remind everyone that we are supported by donations from generous folks like yourself.
And if you're so inclined, please help us out by texting VSRF to 53555.
You can hit the QR code.
You can go to backsafety.org backslash donate.
and we can continue to do the research that we do and bring you the amazing guests like the ones we had this evening on and continue our mission going forward.
Next week, let me see if I can find my bearings here.
Next week, like I mentioned, we will be having, here we go, we have
attorney, as I mentioned before, Werner Mennenhall, along with two other attorneys involved in significant legal victories in the COVID space.
And they'll be on to discuss all of that.
And then we're going to sign off with the recent clip from Dr. Peter Hotez talking about the anti-vaxxers and how well-organized and financed not
we are.
He's obviously clueless and as usual pushing misinformation.
So thank you for being here this evening.
Have a great rest of your evening and a great weekend and we'll see you all next week.
Good night.

[SPEAKER_03]
There's anti-vaccine activity in every country and each has its own unique national flavor.
But the part that I'm worried about now is something very dark and accelerating in the United States.
And the most dramatic evidence for that is what happened during the COVID pandemic when my estimate is 200,000 Americans died
needlessly because they refused COVID vaccines in 2021-2022.
Now it's expanding and extending to childhood immunizations in the United States.
So my worry is that this
anti-vaccine movement, and it's not misinformation or infodemic, as many call it.
It's organized, it's deliberate, it's well-financed, and it's politically motivated.
And we can talk about the details in a minute, but I worry that's now globalizing to other countries on the African continent in Asia and even Latin America.
And that's why I'm here in Colombia this week.
