[SPEAKER_04]
Eyes closed, mouths open Watching closely, nothing's spoken The nath glass, the world hushed Is a dream still a dream, if you can't wake up Brain-fevered body limb In altered states, the truth is glimpse
Descending stairwells of the mind, drenched in morphine and iodine.
Lenolium smooth to the stocking foot, Cardo's dark scene, what I could.
High priest, white lab coats evangelize the disease as the antidote.
Signs Monday, prayers by night, belief now stretched, sausage tied.
Born in the bag, a drip dried, then sewn up with a
Condemned as sick, though healthy, the weak are despised by the wealthy.
Endlessly nudged to scrub their hands to bang their pots and beat their pants.
then driven, idiotic with fear, while dissenters are herded, then smeared, tyrannized by quizlings and shields to self-censor till the silence chills.
Mandates from self-appointed elites growing more demonic by decree Yet a veil is lifting for all to see this ice-cold grip of insanity What will remain of these nameless people?
What will we name their remaining?
Beneath the light, the cars no shadow, the path is forked, but the gate still now holds.

[SPEAKER_02]
Tonight on BSRF Live, Dr. Paul Merrick discusses the disturbing trend in skyrocketing cases of serious diseases such as sepsis, along with leading virologist Dr. Geert Vandenbosch, who has predicted for years that we would continue to see increases in deadly diseases in the aftermath of the COVID-19 devastation and its associated injectables.

[SPEAKER_01]
We have still not been seeing what I've been warning about, and what I continue to warn about is a huge wave of acute COVID-19 disease.
where basically large shrinks of the population and that is still my fear, they'll die.

[SPEAKER_02]
Good evening and welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm your host, Livio Sanchez.
Tonight, we're diving into a critical and deeply concerning topic, the alarming rise in sepsis cases amongst the younger population.
To shed light on this issue, we're joined by two highly respected voices in medicine and research.
Earlier this week, vaccine expert Dr. Geert Vandenbosch sat down with Steve Kirsch to discuss vaccines, vaccine injuries, and how they may be linked to this troubling trend.
We'll hear an edited version of that conversation shortly.
Afterwards, we'll be joined live by Dr. Paul Merrick, one of the world's four most critical care physicians and a pioneer in sepsis treatment.
Dr. Merrick will share his insights and provide his expert perspective on what we're seeing and what can be done.
This is a conversation you don't want to miss, so stay tuned.
And let's get started.
First, I'd like to introduce VSRF founder, Steve Kersh.
Welcome to VSRF Live, Steve.
How are you doing this evening?
I'm doing good.
Excellent.
Thanks for being.

[SPEAKER_03]
Looking forward to tonight.
I'm really interested to see Paul's reaction to the interview because I disagree with Geert on a few things.
So we'll see if Paul disagrees on the same things that I do.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
I'm definitely looking forward to his perspective, his take on what you talked to Geert about yesterday when we recorded the conversation.
And before we do that, I also want to say thank you to everyone that attended last week's misinformation squares.
That was a really fun event.
Steve, you did a great job hosting.
How did you enjoy that?

[SPEAKER_03]
It's my first time hosting Hollywood Squares.
So, yeah, it was fun.
All it took was one watch of the old show to bring back memories.
But, yeah, it went well.
It was a lot of fun.
People had a good time.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, and I hope you all out there had a great time.
And you know, while we didn't reach our financial goal, we had an amazing time and we were grateful for everyone who participated, but we still need your help.
And I'm just going to say that I'm going to share a little screen here that your donations are critical to supporting our work.
And remember, they're entirely tax deductible.
Plus, you still have a few weeks to get those tax deductions before the end of the year.
And every contribution helps us continue our mission.
So if you can and want to donate now is a great time or before the end of the year, we will really appreciate your support so we can continue doing our work here.
Anything you want to say, Steve, before I play the full or the edited interview, we're going to actually, Janet's going to put in the link below.
She's going to put in a link to the full interview.
If you want to watch it in its entirety, I have it uploaded to our Rumble channel.
So you will be able to watch that in its entirety if you choose.
So here we go.
We'll be back after the interview with Dr. Paul Merrick.
So enjoy.
Geert, it's great to have you back.
Welcome back to VSRF Live.
How are you this evening, sir?
I'm good.
I'm good.

[SPEAKER_01]
Thanks.
Thanks for having me.

[SPEAKER_02]
Before I unleash you with Steve Kirsch, I'm going to quickly read your bio and get our audience up to date in case they somehow don't know your story and who you are.
You are a distinguished virologist and vaccine expert with extensive experience across academia, the pharmaceutical industry, global health organizations, and independent research.
Geert earned his Doctor of Veterinary Medicine from the University of Ghent in Belgium and a PhD in virology from the University of Hohenheim in Germany.
He has held roles in academia, vaccine research and development at companies like Laxos, Smith's Klein and Novartis and global health organizations, including the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and GAVI, where he managed Ebola vaccine programs.
Dr. Vandenbosch has contributed to pandemic preparedness efforts
and critically analyzed vaccine safety during the 2015 World Health Organization Ebola trials.
Currently, Geert works as a biotech consultant and researcher focusing on natural killer cell-based vaccines.
And it's such a pleasure to have you back on VSRF Live.
I'll let you guys have a good chat, and we'll see you after the conversation.
Take it away, Steve.

[SPEAKER_03]
Okay, thanks, Livio.
Great intro.
I have so many questions, but let's start with a few of the basics here.
First of all, you're a virologist and a vaccine expert that doesn't tow the party line, which makes you an extremely dangerous person according to all the health authorities.
My first question is, has anybody apologized to you to say, oh my gosh,
We ignored you and all your advice, and we now realize you were right.
We apologize for ignoring you.
Has anyone ever, since this started, has anyone apologized?

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, no, nobody has apologized.
And I was already pleased, Steve, that nobody from my previous peers in the vaccine industry has criticized me.
for speaking out.
But I got some.

[SPEAKER_03]
That's about the best you're going to do, by the way.
That'll be the best you can do is that they don't criticize you.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, well, well, I mean, it's they could have, you know, say to me, well, what you're saying is stupid.
That's not what you learned.
Because basically, I learned my immunology.
I'm
Pretty much deeply trained in immunology, but all the immunology I learned, the vaccine related immunology, was in the vaccine industry.
So people could have told me, okay, that's not what you learned, but nobody reached out.

[SPEAKER_03]
So when did you first realize how corrupt
the medical community is with respect to vaccines.
And you're getting these things saying, yeah, you're right, but we can't say anything, which is very corrupt, right?
Because if there's something wrong, they should be saying stuff.
When was your wake-up moment that you realized that you were probably told since birth
that vaccines are safe and effective.
And I don't know how many vaccines that you've had personally.
But what was your wake-up moment when you realized that what you were being told doesn't match the reality?
Was it five years ago, 10 years ago?
What was the moment?

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, my biggest wake-up call
Came with the Ebola story at the WHO, right?
But back 10 years ago, approximately, when the WHO rolled out the, or did the clinical trials for the Ebola vaccine from Merck in West Africa.
And where I, of course, I was the Ebola program manager.
I monitored this very, very closely.
And yeah, where I had warned that the way they would vaccinate people with is live vaccine, very inflammatory vaccine.
during the outbreak would kill people.
And the way they stretched their clinical trials was such that the people who died basically from the vaccine already died before they started to monitoring.
They only started to monitoring after 10 or 12 days after the vaccination, of course.
If people are already in the incubation time and you come in with a live vaccine that is very inflammatory, you're going to be
precipitating the cytokine storm, that's what people die of when they get Ebola.
And so they came to an end to an efficacy of 100%.
100% I immediately knew, and this was published in the Lancet.
And then to your question, Steve, I reached out literally
to all organizations that are concerned with vaccines, NIH, and FDA, and EMEA, and the WHO, themselves, and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation.
Back in those days, I was working with GAVI and CDC.
You name them.
And everybody wanted to see my reports, right?
And everybody got to see it.
You know, it crossed different continents.
And nobody reacted to this, right?
Nobody reacted to this.
Nobody was blaming me.
Nobody was saying, yeah, the statistics are not right.
You know, the rationale, your thinking is wrong.
Your interpretation is wrong.
Nobody.
So I will, you know, I was clearly awake before the, you know, the COVID mass vaccination started because a serious guy like myself would never, ever
reach out and, you know, make this kind of noise if it was not that I was already alerted that these things could happen and that then people would, you know, hide and start to rely and the WHO was even refusing to share the data, you know, I just asked, give me the data.
not as of time 12, day 12 after the vaccination, but as of day zero after the vaccination, just give us the case fatalities in the vaccinated group versus the non-vaccinated group.
And they said, oh, this is all confidential, et cetera.
You have to know I was the Ebola program manager.
They were part of my team.
And they refused to give me the data, right?
It's confidential.

[SPEAKER_03]
Who gets to know it?
Who gets to know it then?
If you don't get to know it, then who gets to know it?

[SPEAKER_01]
Absolutely.
So just to tell you that I was already aware that this could happen.
Of course, this was kind of like small scale, just a number of West African countries and with only a few organizations deeply involved, essentially the WHO, CDC and NIH.
And even the Gates Foundation were a bit less involved, but then this thing was simply reproduced, so to say, at large scale with the mass vaccination against COVID, where also the procedure was completely wrong.
You know, you know, right from the beginning, I said, if you are going to vaccinate with non-sterilizing vaccines during a pandemic, you will just make it worse, right?
You will just chase the virus, it will, you know,
mutate and more infectious variants will be selected.
That's exactly what happens.

[SPEAKER_03]
So the 12 days that they ignored anything happening after they gave the shot, that creates something called ITB, which is immortality time bias.
What is their excuse for the 12 days?
Because the 12 days allows the vaccine to, quote, work, and therefore anything that happens before then is immaterial.
We should start the clock at 12 days, which is completely bogus.

[SPEAKER_01]
What they were saying was that we don't want to test the efficacy of the vaccine on people that are potentially already infected.
They did the ring vaccination.
Again, this stupid thing.
Steve, I'm telling you, the level of incompetence
at, you know, the top of these organizations is just unbelievable.
They were saying, you know, we eradicated post virus, the smallpox.
So I don't need to say to tell you that smallpox is pretty different from Ebola as a virus and as a biological entity.
They said, you know, we eradicated smallpox by doing
Ring vaccination.
So we are going to do exactly the same for Ebola.
So there was an index case, you know, somebody diagnosed with Ebola and then they were vaccinated.
Of course, all the people who had had direct or indirect contact.
So they knew some of these people would be already infected and they didn't want to test the efficacy of the vaccine on people.
that were already infected.
So they took into account the incubation time of the disease.

[SPEAKER_03]
But you should always analyze it both ways.

[SPEAKER_01]
You can analyze it both ways.
But then of course, vaccinating with this live vaccine, a very inflammatory MERS vaccine, was of course expediting the whole thing.
and was shortening the incubation time and some of these people died literally within a few days after they got vaccinated but you know they were not taken into account so by the time they started counting you know the people that you know were to die had already died so to say so there were zero cases in the vaccine group and of course a few cases in the in the placebo group in the control group I should say
And so they concluded on 100% series, literally published in the Lancet, 100% of efficacy, the best vaccine ever.
Whereas right from start, before they started, you know, the trial, I told, you know, and I told my boss at Gavi, there will be casualties, there will be case without it, this is something, you know, we cannot do.
But, you know, nobody was listening, of course.

[SPEAKER_03]
Of course, you're speaking against the narrative.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, yeah, yeah, sure, sure.

[SPEAKER_03]
Okay, so let's jump forward now to the safe and effective COVID vaccine.
So first of all, do you believe that the COVID vaccine killed more people than it saved, or do you believe the reverse, or are you not sure?

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, I'm not sure not that I'm denying this.
It could well be that it killed indeed more people than it because you have to take everything into account.
Of course, the side effects and we know the side effects have been very, very substantial.
And, and then also, of course, the, the lower term effects, you know, we have seen plenty of cancers.
We have been plenty of immune mediated diseases, et cetera.
So when we, when you say this, Steve, I know that you take into account really all the debts, not just, you know, debts that were due directly.
to COVID, but also deaths that were, of course, due to immediate side effects, long-term adverse events, all kinds of diseases that were associated with the vaccination.
And I, yeah, I haven't done the statistics.
I know you have done this and I know these are all fantastic, very competent people who have done this and you have to do
a very good homework if you go against the mainstream.
So I firmly believe that people have done these calculations and come up with this conclusion that at the end of the day, everything counted together.
There were more deaths in the vaccinees than in the non-vaccinated.
Yeah, I have no problem accepting this on the contrary.

[SPEAKER_03]
OK, well, the way I explain it to people is, and I'm going to get into the first one in just a second, there are only two ways you're going to have a benefit.
You could either reduce the number of cases or you could reduce the case fatality rate.
And I guarantee you that this vaccine did neither one of those.
So there's no benefit.
Now, if there's no benefit than any incremental death that you have on that,
Yeah, it means that it was that it was a foolish intervention, right?
Because I don't think you could tell me that you have evidence that the COVID vaccine reduced the number of cases or that it reduced the case fatality rate.

[SPEAKER_01]
No, I think the.
There is some evidence, I think, that it reduced the number of cases due to severe COVID-19 disease.
And that can also be immunologically explained, but what I was predicting from the very beginning, Steve, is even worse, that I told you to look at the population level, due to this vaccination, many, many people would die.
So that is that we have not seen this yet.
We are still talking about acute vaccine associated deaths or disease or chronic disease, namely also cancers that basically led to death.
But we have still not been seeing what I've been warning about.
And what I continue to warn about is a huge wave of acute COVID-19 disease, where basically large chunks of the population, and that is still my fear, will die.
So if you would add this to all the deaths that have already been recorded, I mean, it's very, very clear.
that is mass vaccination then would go into the history books, history books as a huge, a big disaster, the biggest health catastrophe ever in the history of medicine, right?

[SPEAKER_03]
And what's hilarious or maybe not hilarious, but very sad,
is that there are other people on the other side of this that are saying that this is the most impressive accomplishment of all time and that 20 million lives were saved because we were able to roll out a vaccine in record time.
And medicine, this is the most astonishing accomplishment of medicine in the last decade or more, right?
It's a diametrically opposite point of view, isn't it?

[SPEAKER_01]
I know, and I know this is causing you, probably from the very beginning, nightmares, right?
I have known this from the very beginning.
And you can ask all the people I've been speaking to, you know, family, relatives, good friends, et cetera.
I, right from start, I told them,
We will shout it from the roofs and we will do whatever we can.
We will speak out.
We will fight as much as we can, but they will not listen and they will not admit.
And that is exactly what we are saying, you know, in face of all the evidence that is now on the table in all regards, in all kinds of different aspects.
in all kinds of harm, directly, indirectly, that has been caused by the vaccines.
It's just unbelievable, unbelievable.
It's criminal that people still deny.
But, you know, I remain convinced that they will not give in.
they will not admit whatever we do.
And that is also one of the reasons why I've said, okay, let's maybe be more constructive.
That is also why personally I shifted to giving lectures online on the pure science of pandemics, epidemics, where I have a forum where I discuss this with scientists, with doctors, with laypeople, you know, trying to be constructive while I'm now working on
A forum for unvaccinated people, especially youngsters, you know, to find each other, to share their opinions, their thoughts, they have been isolated, they have been discriminated.
Many youngsters, young people, kids are still suffering from that.
So that is the way I'm tackling this right now, because all the rest for me, it's good that people do this.
I highly respect this.
But personally, I need again, you know, to put some positive energy into this.
And yeah, so that is the way I'm reacting right now.
So I also shifted gears from attacking people, from blaming them for being stupid, irrational, unscientific, etc.
But have you seen any move from any organization that has a lot of impact that is moving away from their original opinion about the safety and efficacy of the vaccines?

[SPEAKER_03]
No.
Not a single one.
And in Santa Clara County, for example, I confront them with their own evidence.
I show that the case fatality rate went up by 2.6 times in the quarter after they rolled out the vaccine.
And it was stable before.
And then it jumps 2.6.
Statistically significant, it's between 2.1 and 3.1.
So there's no doubt
that the vaccine made the case fatality worse because you can't have a 2x increase in the case fatality rate with the same variant all of a sudden, and it happened right after you rolled out the vaccine.
So there's no way you can deny that.
But what happens is that the health department says, we don't want to comment about that.
And the board of supervisors says, oh, we don't want to ask them like to explain that because they've already said no comment.
So they all just ignore their own data.
It's their own data.
It's not my data.
It's their own data, and they ignore it.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
Well, you have seen, for example, also in Australia, the kind of struggle with the authorities where they have such strong evidence and even autopsies certified by university professors and all kinds of strong, strong
Evaluations, assessments, and then they simply come back.
This stupid, it's simply come back with, yes, wait a minute.
The regulatory authorities have labeled these vaccines as safe and effective, right?
That is always the same argument.
And they don't even look at the data because, yeah, there is nothing they can
They can bring to the table to counter this, right?
So that is that is extremely frustrating, but I remain convinced.
I hope I'm wrong.
I sincerely hope I'm wrong, but I sincerely convinced that they will not move.
They will not admit never ever, right?
That's my opinion.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, you're predisposed to do it like Joe Lattapo in Florida who is predisposed to be open to these vaccines not being safe or you just don't admit it.
Like I've seen nobody.
I don't think there's any health authority in the entire world who has reversed their
Uh, there's stance on this, right?
You've got individual states doing it.
Uh, there was one state.
I was Ohio or what have you that, uh, um,
that came out and said these vaccines are bad.
In Australia, of course, there was a town council that did that as well.
But you haven't seen a health authority who was previously recommending the vaccine change their stance.
That is extraordinary.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, yeah, well.
But I'm always saying, Steve, like in my country, I've been telling this to a number of people,
If now one of our health authorities with all of a sudden admit that, you know, they have committed some, you know, some mistakes.
Negligent homicide or something like that.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, you know, I mean, people really, I think, you know, they would they would come out and stone them in the street, right?
Because, you know, people have so much suffering.
We're talking about, you know, when we are scientists are talking, we talk very often about all the physical damage and harm that has been inflicted on people.
But what about all the
the mental stress and, you know, families that got completely disrupted, you know, lives that got destroyed, all these type of things.
Yeah, there's a lot of anger people.
People will not tell this to you in the street.
But when I come together, even with vaccinated people, that's what I very, very often hear very often.
They feel completely deceived.
They feel like they have been cheated on.
They have been misled.
And many of them have suffered either, you know, physically, mentally, etc.
So if they would admit a little bit, you know, I mean, I think they are done, really.
I mean, it's right now a very, very sensitive topic.
Well, it has always been a sensitive topic, but now it's a sensitive topic in terms of people being very, very angry.
And on the other hand, trying to forget, of course, trying to forget about all this, but when now all these mistakes, of part of the mistakes would be revealed in a way that, you know, people get to see this and get to hear this, like the thing of the RKI in Robert Koch Institute in Germany.
I'm sure you heard this story.
I mean, people are like, okay, we have to hang these people, right?
People are starting to have pretty offensive intentions, and it's all about putting them in prison or to hang them.
So they will not change their, officially they will not change their opinion, but of course they all know they are all aware, it's very clear.

[SPEAKER_03]
Do you think these health authorities know and are just not admitting it because they fear for their life or their job?
Or do you think that they're clueless?
And obviously there's a spectrum.
But my sense is that most of them are completely clueless, and some of them know and aren't seeing anything.
But what would you put the ratio of the clueless to the no?
Would it be like 95% clueless and 5% no?

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, I think more, Steve.
I'm happy that you mentioned this, because I'm always the first to say people, to tell people, you have no idea about a level of incompetence of these people.
And then people say no, no, no, they know and they do all this on purpose and it's a strategy and and I got to to see, you know,
Some of these people have no clue really about vaccines, have no clue about immunology.
I'm just wondering what you're doing there.
They have become bureaucrats, pure bureaucrats, maybe at some point in their life they studied medicine and biological science.
Very often it seems like
They have forgotten about the whole thing, and then they have no motivation or ambition to update their knowledge.
So it's corruption all over the place, of course.

[SPEAKER_03]
Of course.
All right, I'm going to switch gears here and get into science now.
Now, SARS-CoV-2 is a respiratory virus.
It enters through the respiratory tract and then expands into the body from there.
Now, how is it possible that you could give an injected vaccine
into someone and reduce the number of cases.
That doesn't make any sense because if you inject a vaccine, that shouldn't stimulate IGA antibodies on the outside of your body, which is where the virus takes hold.
And so if you're not stimulating the army on the outside of your body with a vaccine, you can't prevent yourself from being invaded.
by the enemy, right or wrong?

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, that is where as a vaccinologist I need to disagree in a sense that people always come back with, you know, we should have these mucosal vaccines because then you generate IGA and IG is right at the portal of entry.
and these guys are replicating at the portal of entry and you've closed all pathogens.
So, you know, what we need is IGA and had we had the IGA vaccines, we would have controlled the whole thing, et cetera, et cetera.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, I don't know about that, but I think the point I'm trying to make is that you're not going to create defenses on the border

[SPEAKER_01]
You are because there is a very important phenomenon, which is transudation of the IgG, you know, immunoglobulins.
So if you have high titers of immunoglobulins, there will be transudation at the level of the mucosal surfaces.

[SPEAKER_03]
OK, RFK.
RFK has been proposed by the incoming President Trump.
as the nominee for the Health and Human Services.
And of course, the New York Times has gone wild on that and thinks that that's a bad decision.
What do you think of that decision?
If RFK Jr. becomes head of HHS, do you think that's going to be a healthcare disaster?
Or do you think it's going to be the reverse?
Or do you think it's going to be somewhere in between?
What do you think the impact of, let's assume that he gets confirmed.
Do you think the impact will be strongly positive in the middle or strongly negative?

[SPEAKER_01]
It could be, it could be any of these options, any of this, you know, it is just, so what I know, which is what I think I know, which I think is very, very positive.
I'm, you know, maybe naively, but I sincerely think
That's the case.
I do think that he has the right and human intention to dramatically improve the system.
So that is very, very good.
It will all depend on the people that he or others are going to appoint to advise him.
Because, you know, there are some things that he is already proposing that I as a scientist and a vaccinologist would tell him, Bobby, that's not the way to do this, or this is something with regard to vaccines that you forgot to take into account, for example.
And if he's not going to take that kind of advice from, you know, people who have this hand-on expertise in the fields that where he wants to do dramatic change, then it could be, you know, it could not be very successful.
So when I hear, for example, that he say,
You know, we are going to test all the childhood vaccines against placebo and based on that decision, we will see what makes sense and what doesn't make sense.
Then I can tell you upfront, if you do this, there is no reason whatsoever to vaccinate any child with a childhood vaccine, right?
But then I'm also saying, okay, but do this, for example, in an endemic region, in a region where there are very regularly outbreaks.
and do this, you know, over a long term period of four or five years, you're going to vaccinate in an endemic region.
It's in fact unethical.
where you know there are regular outbreaks, you're going to vaccinate people, you know, children with placebo and others with the vaccine.
Of course, you're going to see that, you know, if there is an outbreak, those who got the placebo will not be protected very clearly.
But I think it's a very good thing.
As a vaccinologist, I'm very positive about this.
Let's almost like start from scratch again.
And let's scrutinize everything that has been done in the past and, you know, let's have a discussion about this.
How can we improve this?
Is it really necessary that kids in the US get like 70 vaccinations in the first few years of their life?
I mean, this is crazy.
It's really crazy.

[SPEAKER_03]
Let me ask you about the childhood vaccine schedule, because you know, in the US, we give like 70 or more vaccines on the childhood schedule.
How many vaccines do you think the US should be giving to kids?
10, 5, 2, 0.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah well what do you think the number should be?
When you talk about the vaccines you talk about antigens or you talk about including boosters etc.

[SPEAKER_03]
I'm talking about the total number of shots the CDC recommends that every child gets.

[SPEAKER_01]
The total number of shots it depends of course on the boosters but let's say in our countries I think we have and and there is too many as well of course but it's already like reduced to half or
One third of what kids are getting in the US.
I mean, this is like a completely crazy, crazy situation.

[SPEAKER_03]
So, but are the kids healthier or the kids less healthy in your country versus the US?

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, when I hear all these reports about.
as many of these statistics come from the US, I think we are not at that level.
Is it more investigated in the US than here in Europe?
I don't know, but even, you know what, Steve, I'm always saying, if your common sense, if your common scientific sense,
already tells you that something cannot be good in this field.
For example, giving six, seven, eight antigens at the same time, then we shouldn't be doing these things.
Because as I was saying, it's an empirical business.
I don't agree with this that it should remain an empirical business.
If you have a good scientific rationale not to do certain things, then for me,
There should be a no go.

[SPEAKER_03]
I agree.
But what's give me a number, give me a ballpark number for the number of vaccines that you think that kids in the United States should be getting.
It's not 70, right?

[SPEAKER_01]
No, no, well, you know, let's let's start, for example, but you know, let's start with with 2025.
And it could well be that if we would do a good homework, right, that we could go back to to an average of maybe of maybe 10, I don't know, but certainly not 70.
The 70.
See, Steve, what has happened?
What has happened is that
we have gone from a risk benefit analysis to a risk profit analysis.

[SPEAKER_03]
Let me switch topics here.
I've seen on CNN that the medical community agrees that vaccines don't cause autism, and this is accepted throughout the medical community that vaccines don't cause autism.
And I couldn't disagree with that more.
Do you believe that vaccines cause autism, or they don't cause autism, or that we don't know?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, well, I have, of course, written a number of reports that seem very convincing to me.
then you read other reports that reject this completely.
I would say I'm very, I think it's very suspicious.
If there are that many, if there is that many talk about this, if there is or that many reports and, you know, call it direct or indirect evidence, I think the likelihood that there is, you know, some link, even causal relationship
is indeed very hot.

[SPEAKER_03]
Knowing what you know now, if we could turn back the clock and you just came out of the womb, what vaccines since the beginning of your childhood would you opt in for?
Which vaccines would you personally take?
You live in Belgium, right?
You're still in Belgium, right?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, yeah, yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
Okay.
So you're born in Belgium.
You now have an opportunity based on everything you know now to decide what vaccines you're going to take throughout your entire life.
Which vaccines do you opt in for knowing that you're living in Belgium?

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, I mean, my opinion has not changed through the COVID.
So I always would not ask you what you'll take, not what you won't take.
Yeah, yeah, no, no.
What I would take, what I would have taken now, and before the COVID, is the MMR vaccines, knowing that they are not perfect, but we have no better alternative, but okay.
And also the DTPA, so the diphtheria tetanus pertussis,
Um, a D tap, D tap.
Yeah.
And, uh, that's, uh, that's probably, yeah.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_03]
So that, that, that says a lot.
What about smallpox and polio?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
I mean, would you take those vaccines or not?
Pardon?
Are these good?

[SPEAKER_03]
Would you take the smallpox and polio vaccine?

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, smallpox is not over available, right?

[SPEAKER_03]
So you're probably not going to take it.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, no, you I mean, it's no longer available smallpox and and the polio the polio vaccine.
No.

[SPEAKER_03]
OK, good.

[SPEAKER_01]
Take it because, you know, we can we can it's also a kind of principle.
I have very often, very often also when I was at the working with the Gates Foundation, criticized the strategy for the polio education.
I'm always saying.
the most sensible thing we can do to eradicate polio and to avoid all this polio-associated disease, poliomyelitis and other neurological diseases is to make sure that we give, you know, all people will not possible, but many more people access to clean water, right?
That is,
That makes much more sense than what they have been doing now with, you know, vaccinating with an oral polio virus that caused, you know, vaccine-derived poliomyelitis.

[SPEAKER_03]
In hundreds of thousands of cases.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, but it's worse.
That vaccine-derived poliomyelitis is now chased by IPV, by antibodies, that antibodies against polio that cannot prevent a transmission.
So it is driving immune escape in the vaccine-derived polio virus that got shit by people who got vaccinated with OPV, right?
So it's, again, the level of incompetence, and then the more it's better, we vaccinate with OPV, and then with IPV, and then with one valence instead of three valences or two valences, et cetera.
And you make the thing complex, you mess up everything.
And that is why I'm saying we need to go back to the whiteboard.
And I'm ready, I'm ready to start from scratch again, right?

[SPEAKER_03]
Okay, all right, last question, sepsis.
There's been this,
Increase in the number of sepsis cases, any comments as to what might be causing that?

[SPEAKER_01]
You're not talking about the walking pneumonia.
You're really talking about sepsis in COVID vaccinated people or in general?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, in general, what's your
outbreak of sepsis or increase in the number of sepsis cases, do you think the cause is the COVID vaccine or do you think it's from something else?

[SPEAKER_01]
No, I think my first question would be, Steve, is this a phenomenon that has primarily been observed in highly vaccinated populations, highly COVID-19 vaccinated populations?

[SPEAKER_03]
Hey, Labio, do you want to come on?

[SPEAKER_02]
I think you have more info on this than I do.
Yeah.
Well, there seems to be, uh, right now an outbreak, a great, an increase in sepsis cases since the 2021 rollout of the COVID-19 vaccine.
So that's a coincidence.
Of course.
Is it a coincidence?

[SPEAKER_01]
Or look, there is, there is so many things we see in terms of immune dysregulation, right?
Or immune derailment.
We see the cancers, we see the new mediated diseases, we see all the infections that normally a healthy immune system has under control that are now reactivated like herpes, zepstein bars, megalovirus, etc.
So we see this pneumonia, for example.
So it's very clear that if your
vaccine or your infection doesn't do a good job, then you have two consequences always.
It's a general rule.
One, you cannot stop the transmission of the virus, but secondarily, you're going to cause trouble in the immune system.
And so if this is the case, of course, your natural defense against a number of other pathogens
You know, it's weakened and, you know, it depends on some people will develop maybe sepsis, others pneumonia, others will have reactivation of herpes viruses, others go into cancers, et cetera, et cetera.
So again, this is a very complex thing, this interaction between host and, you know, the pathogen.
and the host immune system and the pathogen, we think this is a given that we are protected against everything and the immune system is not recognized really as an organ.
Nobody says I got surgery on my immune system, for example, but it's the most complex system that controls the immune defense.
Now, we know that at this point in the pandemic, which is still going on,
that we see severe immune dysregulation, severe immune dispression.
Look at all the publications in peer-reviewed journals that document how the immune system is messed up.
It's unfortunate, Steve, that again, what I'm missing in all these superb publications is that there is no clear-cut comparison between vaccinated people and unvaccinated people.
It's just incredible.
But what we are seeing right now is, you know, all kinds of unexpected diseases, even within the disease, is very atypical.
The cancers that we are seeing, for example, seem to be very atypical.
Turbo cancer is very rapidly developing, sepsis is also a kind of infection that is very rapidly developing, that is very aggressive, that, you know,
Of course, the pathogen gets right into the blood.
There is no immune defense anymore.
That's what I'm saying.
For me, it's very typical that this is occurring in highly COVID-19 vaccinated populations.
So again, same as with the autism, this is a coincidence.

[SPEAKER_03]
It's not a coincidence.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's not a coincidence.
No, it's not a coincidence.

[SPEAKER_03]
All right, we'll leave it at that here.
We got to wrap up here, but not a coincidence.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_02]
No.
No.
Livio.
Yeah, Geert, thank you so much for coming back on.
We really appreciate you being here.
It's always so informative to get your take on what's happening with all of these different issues with the vaccines.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
Well, thanks for having me on.
your platform and yeah, I think the bottom line is that these things are complex and that, you know, those who are in charge do not admit this complexity, let alone that they would recognize or admit their mistakes, which is, which is these answers.

[SPEAKER_03]
And it's also comforting to know that they're incompetent as well.

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, as, as Peter Hotez said on January 21st, 2025, the viruses are going to unleash some sort of holy hell.
I was not aware that they're able to like decide which day they want to actually come out and go after people.
Peter knows.
Peter knows.
So yeah, hopefully we can have you back here sometime in 2025 to follow up on, on the new administration and the policies and everything that happens going forward.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, that would be exciting.
Yeah, looking forward to it.
Okay.
Well, because of the story goes on, right?

[SPEAKER_02]
That's right.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_01]
Thanks.
Thanks.
Take care.
Bye.

[SPEAKER_02]
So Steve, having watched that again, what's your assessment on that conversation with Geert?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, we agree on most things, but clearly, I think one of my key takeaways on that was his reaction to the autism evidence.
I mean, there is no doubt whatsoever that vaccines cause autism.
And he didn't see an eye on that one.
He also thinks that some vaccines are safe, like the MMR vaccine.

[SPEAKER_02]
That was the most surprising part to me, that he would get the MMR and would endorse other people getting that.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
Look, it's all about cost benefit.
Where is the cost benefit?
And the final thing is that he liked my idea of having ongoing safety monitoring for vaccines.
So how come nobody in the last 100 years has suggested that?

[SPEAKER_02]
Right.
Well, yeah, in the full interview, you went into detail about your idea for a study, and Janet will post the full interview in the link if you want to watch.
It's actually about an hour and a half, the interview, but it will put the full interview in the chat.
In the meantime, I want to bring on the esteemed Dr. Paul Merrick.
Dr. Paul Merrick, welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you this evening?
Hey, Leo.
Hey, Steve.
Good.
Thank you.
Always great to have you here, my friend.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, that was an interesting interview.
But you know, it's fine.
We can disagree.
I agree with you.
My understanding is MMR vaccine, and it's particularly the measles part of it, actually is not that safe.
The mumps doesn't work.
There's overwhelming evidence that merc crook the data, and the mumps part of the vaccine doesn't cause immunity.
It seems like the measles vaccine is associated with many adverse events.
I agree with Steve.
We've got to start from scratch.
because all the studies that have been done are completely imperfect.
They don't have a placebo.
Some of them claim to have a placebo, but the placebo was actually the adjuvant.
They crooked, such as the MPV vaccine.
They said they were using saline placebo, but they were actually using the adjuvant.
And the adjuvant is what causes all of the autoimmune diseases and inflammation.
So, you know, regardless of, you know, what Bobby Kennedy or anybody else says, I think as a scientist or a scientist, we got to start from the beginning and look at the data and scrutinize the data.
Don't assume anything.

[SPEAKER_02]
Absolutely.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
I mean, it's, you know, it's stunning to me that, that autism, that they've known, the CDC has known that vaccines cause autism for 20, 25 years now.
And, and they know it and they're not saying anything.
And there aren't any physicians speaking out.
I mean, there, there are small number.
But it's not like it's in the mainstream where you see mainstream physicians regularly calling for a halt to vaccines because they cause autism.
And it just shows you what we're up against here.
Because the evidence for vaccines and autism is so clear cut.
You know, there's nothing that you can't, I don't know if you've left in the zero and 44 in what you just played, Livio, but stats like that are impossible if vaccines don't cause autism.

[SPEAKER_05]
If I was Dr. Donald Trump on my first day in office, the very first thing I would do is I would
abandon the indemnity that comes with these vaccines.
It's a completely an absurd notion that you can make a product for which you're not liable if you kill somebody.
There's no other product available that you can buy that is protected the way the vaccines are.
And so why are they protected?
They're protected for a reason because they know
if people could sue that be out of business.

[SPEAKER_03]
That's right.
That's exactly why.

[SPEAKER_02]
That's exactly why they have it.
That's what it is.

[SPEAKER_03]
Protection.
And you know, so let me respond to that because the
One of the reasons I've heard that Bobby Kennedy will not take away the liability protection is because he doesn't want to be accused of taking away people's vaccines because he said he wouldn't take away people's vaccines.
But by ending the liability protection, he's not taking away anyone's vaccines.
It's up to the drug companies as to whether they want to
keep making them, but they're safe and effective, as the drug companies tell you, so they have nothing to lose.
Exactly.
If they're safe and effective, then what do they have to lose?

[SPEAKER_05]
Exactly.
choice of whether they want to be vaccinated or not.
But there needs to be some kind of accountability.
If the vaccine injures you and you can prove it, then you need to be held liable.
But they have a win-win situation.
They can make whatever vaccine they want, no matter how harmful, and they can't be sued.

[SPEAKER_02]
They're licensed to kill at least put a disclaimer with all of the adverse effects so you can choose and not make it a mandate that you have to have these products to get into school or get a job or go to the military.
It's a it's mind boggling.
Before I let you two go on, I want to quickly introduce you properly, Dr. Merrick, because you deserve a proper introduction.
You are a world-renowned physician and researcher specializing in critical care medicine.
Sir, you actually serve on the board for the VSRF, the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation.
With over three decades of experience, you've authored more than 500 peer-reviewed journal articles, book chapters, and abstracts.
A co-founder of the frontline COVID-19 critical care alliance, the FLCCC, Dr. Merrick is internationally recognized
for his pioneering work in sepsis treatment and the development of protocols that have saved countless lives.
And I'm really looking forward to your expertise on this outbreak on sepsis.
And I'll be back a little after your conversation for Q&A from the audience.
If you have questions for Dr. Merrick, put them in the chat on rumble.
And if you want to make sure your question gets asked, you can do a rumble rant and I'll make sure to ask your question.
Take it away, gentlemen.

[SPEAKER_03]
So is there an increase in sepsis that has happened since the COVID vaccines have rolled out that you're aware of?
And what data do you have on that?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, I don't have really good data.
So we should probably talk about what sepsis is, because that's important.
Because sepsis is essentially a hospital diagnosis.
So what is sepsis?
If you have an infection, it means you have bacteria or a virus in a site which is normally sterile.
That's an infection.
Once the infection gets out of control and you have a systemic response and you have organ failure or organ dysfunction, that is called sepsis.
So if there's a transition from infection to sepsis, to severe sepsis, to septic shock, to death.
So most patients who land up developing sepsis have organ dysfunction.
Which brings them to the hospital and most the most common organ dysfunction is respiratory or lung failure.
So that's what brings them to the hospital and one should also remember that old people.
You don't just die of being old.
There's no such thing.
It's not like you suddenly living and then your heart stops.
Most people who die get pneumonia.
Pneumonia or Oslo called the pneumonia the old man's best friend.
So most people who die actually get pneumonia and die from pneumonia.
So it's a very common disease.
Now, COVID actually, so most causes, most patients with sepsis are bacterial.
You know, when you think of pneumonia or you think of urinary tract infection or you think of cellulitis, it's bacterial.
But COVID was essentially a viral infection, but it caused organ dysfunction.
And so the people who landed up in hospital
with COVID met the definition of sepsis.
Now, many of those pay people would have had secondary bacterial infection, but by definition, they had sepsis.
So with the beginning of COVID, there was a big uptake in the number of cases of sepsis.
Now, subsequently, it seems, and there's not a lot of good data, that there has been a significant increase in the number of people who are getting sepsis.
So we should first of all dial back and give it.
So if you have a look at the global perspective, there are about
And there was a study, the global burden of disease, about 50 million people across the world get sepsis, of which about 10 million die from sepsis, about 300 to 350,000 in the US.
It's a disease largely of the elderly and the young.
You know healthy people generally don't get sepsis, but it does that does happen It seems and you know, there's not a lot of good data because they don't want to give us this data that the overall incidents of sepsis across the board has gone up since the Roll out of the jabs and
Obviously, as Goethe emphasized that these jabs cause significant immune dysfunction.
And so, you know, it allows the host becomes vulnerable and the patients can then develop more severe infection and sepsis.

[SPEAKER_03]
Anything you can do to avoid
subsistors that took part of the game.
And then I want to talk about the Merrick protocol for sepsis.
And we should talk about what happened there.
So first question, any way to prevent it?
And then let's talk about your protocol.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, well, there's certain risk factors.
Obesity, diabetes, heart failure.
So I think it's general lifestyle measures to improve your overall health would be what one should do.
Vitamin D, obviously, is very important for the immune system.
You know, we know vitamin D has an enormous benefit in protecting against COVID.
You know, whether the same holds true in sepsis is probably true, but you want to take your vitamin D before you get septic rather than once.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, prevention is always worth a pound of cure, right?
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_05]
So let's talk about the general, you know, general common sense measures of lifestyle.
You know, I think insulin resistance, obesity, diabetes are really important risk factors.
You know, diabetics have a much higher risk of, of infection as is insulin resistance.
So I think, you know, dietary changes to control one's blood glucose is really important.

[SPEAKER_03]
What do you think is driving the increase in diabetes?
Is it the foods that we eat, the junk foods that are driving up glucose in the blood and putting a strain on your pancreas?
Or is it the vaccines causing more people to be susceptible to becoming diabetic?
Some combination of the above, nobody knows.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, I think the most likely and I think there's really good data is ultra processed foods, sweetened drinks, fruit juices.

[SPEAKER_03]
All the stuff we love.

[SPEAKER_05]
We eat a really bad diet and you know, most 60 to 80% of Western people are addicted.
They are food addicts, processed food addicts.
It's as simple as that.
They are addicted to sugar and fructose and glucose.
And it should be treated the same way as any other addiction.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
OK. Hard to kick that one.
It's like.
Well, you know what?
By the way, I've actually done this myself.
I'll show you.

[SPEAKER_05]
But you know, it's what you used to, you know, our forefathers, you know, managed to scout around in the bush and, you know, do what bush people do that they didn't have a 7-Eleven up the road and they didn't buy processed foods and they somehow seem to survive and humans can survive, you know, without processed foods.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, so this is my, I don't know how well you can see this.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yes, I see it.

[SPEAKER_03]
It's a little bit distorted.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
But if you stay away, like this is basically eggs, meat, salad, vegetables, anything with no carbs in it.
And so I've been eating that diet for the past week or so.
I've lost a lot of visceral fat.
I lost a bunch of weight too.
Can you survive?

[SPEAKER_05]
Do you look okay?
I'm still here.
Yeah.
So those are continuous glucose monitors, which are really interesting because people differ individually, you know, what spikes their blood glucose what doesn't.
And it's really important to know what causes your blood glucose to spike.
And so you want to avoid those foods.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yes, it's all the good tasting foods that you want to eat.
It's the ice cream, the popcorn.

[SPEAKER_05]
It only tastes good because you become addicted.
It's called an addiction.
And that's why you are addicted to those foods.
Once you start eating normal food, once you start eating food, then you lose the addiction, the craving, the dopamine surge from the chemically modified foods.
The tobacco industry perfected this.
They added chemicals to make you addicted.

[SPEAKER_03]
All right, well, let's talk about the Merrick protocol for sepsis.
So you designed a vitamin C protocol for sepsis.
And so if someone appeared to be coming down with sepsis, you could do IV vitamin C at fairly high doses.
And it would be, it was a remarkable treatment.
And then they tried to replicate that to find out, wow, is he onto something or not?
And they failed to replicate it.
And they called you, I don't know, all sorts of bad names.
But they didn't replicate the protocol because they didn't enroll people until 48 hours or more after symptoms.
And if it's going to work, it's all about treating early.
And so
the medical community basically turned their back on this incredible treatment that could have saved, if it had been in wide use, saved millions of lives.
Where is that today?
Is that still sort of, quote, discredited because they fail to replicate the protocol?
Or are there some hospitals that are actually using your protocol for
for patients who become septic.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yes.
So what people need to recognize is there are only two species on this planet, primates and guinea pigs who don't make vitamin C when you're stressed.
So vitamin C actually is a stress hormone and it's really important to survive a physiologic or psychological stress.
So when your dog gets an infection, his liver makes vitamin C.
And that's really important in controlling the stress response.
Humans are unable to make vitamin C when they stressed.
And so that's the physiologic basis.
And vitamin C is really important.
The sicker you are, the more important it is you get vitamin C. And it really doesn't matter if it's sepsis, if this is trauma, is the psychological stress.
And so it just makes so much sense.
And we know that patients who septic, if you measure their vitamin C levels, they reach the level of scurvy because the levels are so low.

[SPEAKER_03]
So it just makes intuitive sense to give them vitamin C. So is it low because they're using it to fight off the infection or is it low because those are the people who become septic?

[SPEAKER_05]
They use it and they can't replace it.
So if you're an animal, you would use it, but your liver would start cranking out vitamin C, or if you're a camel or a chimpanzee or whatever, but you can't make vitamin C, so you consume it and you can't replace it.
Wow.

[SPEAKER_03]
You learn something every day.
I didn't know that.
That it's used up, essentially.
So really important to supplement.
I didn't know that humans couldn't make it.

[SPEAKER_05]
It becomes important.
So it's not just sepsis.
If you have any kind of infection, if you're highly stressed for whatever reason, if you have trauma, you should supplement with vitamin C.
It's just common sense.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, and there's no limit on vitamin C. It's like ivermectin that nobody's ever died or gotten hospitalized due to too much vitamin C or too much ivermectin.
Is that right?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
In cancer, they use doses of 50 to 75 grams.
as a bonus and patients seem to do fine.
It's an exceedingly safe.

[SPEAKER_03]
And that's a lot.
That's a lot.
That's a lot.
Like, compare that to how much, if you took a vitamin C tablet, that's like what, just a few grams, like five grams, huh?

[SPEAKER_05]
500 milligrams to a gram per tablet.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right, right.
And so, yeah, and you were talking about 70 or 200 grams, right?
Yes.
Yeah.
Yeah, so it's 70X.
And when it's intravenous, it's much more,

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, you can't get, the reason has to be given intravenously is that there's limited absorption through the GI tract.
So over a thousand milligrams, you don't absorb any more.
So if you want really high blood levels, you needed to give IV.
And because patients with sepsis have such low levels,
that the only way you can really get it up quickly is to give it intravenously.

[SPEAKER_03]
So it's an obvious thing.
It's like this is a no-brainer.
It's a safe intervention.
And yet, can you name a hospital that has a standard of care protocol for treating sepsis patients with high dose IV vitamin C?

[SPEAKER_05]
Name one hospital.
Yeah, they just frown upon it.
It's fringe medicine.
It was invented by a, you know, a. Yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yep, misinformation spreader.
Yes.
But that's mind-boggling to me that people are so dumb in the medical community that they would look the other way on this.
It makes so much sense based on what you said.
And
you had the results, you had the numbers, like when you gave it early, what was the difference in results when you, before you did the protocol, what was your, the mortality rate from sepsis?
before you invented the protocol.
And then after you started using the protocol, what was the mortality rate from sepsis?

[SPEAKER_05]
So I can tell you two things.
There was an independent company that I think it was proven which monitored hospital mortality across the country.
And so this is not my data.
This is their data.
The hospital mortality at Norfolk General fell from 20% to 5%.
and this is their data.
But probably the most important validation was the nurses.
You know, the nurses are at the bedside and they can tell what's happening.
So I was gonna do a randomized control trial and they refused to let me do it because they said, how can you give a patient placebo when you know you have a drug which can save their lives?
Because they could see patients were getting off the ventilators earlier,
Patients weren't getting renal failure.
Patients were doing much better.
So it was very good validation for me because it was through their eyes.
They could see that it was actually working.

[SPEAKER_03]
So let me get this straight.
So I understand it.
It went from a 20% death rate to a 5% death rate.
So that's a factor of four.
Yes.
That is insane.
This one thing could save more lives.
And it's a simple thing to do.
And yet, they're totally deaf to the forex.

[SPEAKER_05]
I mean, it's insane.
The common story, I mean, we've seen this through 2020 is that they're cheap, effective interventions that can help patients and save lives that are ignored.

[SPEAKER_03]
Do you think when, let's just say, if Bobby Kennedy
gets in as HHS.
This should be one of the top things that he does.
But how could he make a difference here?
Could he like, you know how hospitals are incentivized for killing COVID patients?
Because the more COVID deaths you have, the more the hospital makes.
Maybe it would be a weird thing, but maybe we can incentivize hospitals to save people's lives using protocols like this rather than reward them for killing people.
That's kind of an innovative idea.
What do you think?

[SPEAKER_05]
What had to happen is we need to get rid of protocols.
Patient and doctor autonomy has to come back.
Doctors should be able to decide for themselves what they and their patient therapy they should get.
As long as it's not a toxic compound, vitamin C is FDA approved.
So there should not be any prohibition on what medication doctors can use as long as they have a discussion with their patient or the family.
And this obsession with rigid protocols designed by bureaucrats who have
Very little clinical knowledge must be abandoned.
We really need to bring back the patient-physician relationship and physicians should be given the latitude to decide what to do, what they think is in their patient's best interest.
As long as it's a safe, approved drug, they should be able to use it.

[SPEAKER_03]
So why is that not the case today?
Why are there these protocols?
Is that to protect the hospital from liability and lawsuits and so forth?
Or is it because they simply believe the dogma that, oh, these are the right protocols.
If you do anything else, you're a quack.
What do you think the motivation for these protocols are?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, I think it's multifactorial.
I think they're financial incentives.
You know, if you look at remdesivir enormous financial incentives, hospitals want to, they want to simplify things.
They don't want doctors.
They want automations who just follow rules and regulations and they want to limit their liability.
This is our protocol.
This is what we do.
So, you know, just take it or leave it.
So are patients who septic, they often ask me about vitamin C. And so I say, the best thing to do is to try and get some, if you can find a practitioner who can give it to you before you go to hospital, because the likelihood of you getting it in a hospital is almost zero.

[SPEAKER_03]
And do you think that it's because the physicians saw the paper where the randomized trial was done incorrectly and then believe it from that?
And that's a big part of it.
Like, yeah.

[SPEAKER_05]
So as you know, as you know, from COVID studies are specifically designed to fail.
And so some of the studies they gave, they gave the vitamin C exceedingly late.
But many of the studies, although they may have not been a mortality benefit, did show a physiological benefit patients got all vasopressors earlier, got all out of the ICU sooner.
So there were positive benefits.
So, mine was not the only study that showed a benefit there, at least another handful of studies that have shown improved outcomes with vitamin C. So, it's not a question of the data being available or we have to have a study that shows that to convince us.

[SPEAKER_03]
It's simply that they're ignoring the studies that show that.
Is that right?

[SPEAKER_05]
Meta-analysis, which actually does show an overall survival benefit of vitamin C. It shows reduced length of stay, reduced time on laser presses.
And so what do you have to lose?
The question I always ask is, there are no guarantees in life, and there's no guarantees in medicine.
But if someone is really sick,
You know what?
Why don't you give them the benefit of the doubt?
What do you have to lose?

[SPEAKER_03]
Nothing.
To lose.
Profit.
Well, I mean, do you talk to physicians who are not using it and try to convince them to give it a try and compare your before and after race?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yes.
So, you know, Dr. Corey,
was one of those people when he first read my paper, he thought it was BS, but then he thought he would try it and he became one of my staunchest supporters because he could see that it worked.
But most doctors just lack any kind of inquisitiveness, any kind of scientific interest that they just, it's a new generation of robotic physicians.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, and the system is sort of set up this way, so we need to dismantle that and allow people to start to think for themselves.
Perhaps by rewarding hospitals that have a lower death rate from sepsis, or something like that, where there's an actual reward for the hospital to incentivize the behavior that saves lives.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, you see this with oncology.
I mean, particularly that this is the way you treat them.
This is the protocol.
You will not deviate.
You will not consider any other therapy.
And so, you know, it's an absurdity.
The control that physicians, the hospitals, the medical boards, the societies have over the practice of medicine.

[SPEAKER_03]
So if I was hospitalized and I became septic and I told my doctor I want the Paul Merrick vitamin C protocol to treat my sepsis, would the doctor refuse to do that?

[SPEAKER_05]
He would refuse.

[SPEAKER_03]
He would refuse.
And he's allowed to refuse, right?
Because it's his judgment.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
And he had said it's not the standard of care and it's his right to do that.
Right.

[SPEAKER_03]
And so I would not be able to find a physician that would actually treat me.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_05]
So I can tell you an interesting story.
I don't think many people know.
That's so insane.
I'll tell you an interesting story.
So I recently went to New Zealand or Australia and I got septic.
And so I had to go to hospital to treat my sepsis.
But what I did is I got them to give me vitamin C before and afterwards.
They wouldn't give me any in the hospital.
How did you do it before you talked to a local physician and obviously I was connected with people in the health freedom movement.
And so it was quite simple to get vitamin C IV before I went in and then when I came out.

[SPEAKER_03]
And you're living proof that it works.

[SPEAKER_05]
And who knows?
Yes, there you go.
And it is somewhat of an ironic story that I should have to travel to New Zealand to get vitamin C. Yes.

[SPEAKER_03]
So this is actually the first time you've tried your protocol on yourself, right?
That's correct, yes.
So now you know it works.
Yeah.
I would have known, yes.
Did you notice a dramatic difference after you got the infusion?

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, you know what?
I was only in hospital for a day and a bit, which could have been a lot longer if I didn't get the vitamin C. So it's really difficult to know.

[SPEAKER_03]
Were they surprised at the hospital?
Oh, Dr. Merrick, you seem to be recovering much faster than we would have thought.

[SPEAKER_05]
So unfortunately, the hospitals in Australia are not much different from the hospitals in the US.
They were pretty clueless.

[SPEAKER_03]
Wow, so sad.
All right, Livio, can we open it up for questions?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yes, we can.
Yes, we can.
Let's start here right at the top from Dr. Laura.
Dr. Merrick, how is your cancer study going?
Are you enrolling plenty of patients?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, so that's a good question.
We busy renegotiating the sponsor of the study, but we probably have 300 patients.
So it seems to be going well.
You know, it's because we're looking at longer term outcomes, it's going to take some time until we get some results.
But anecdotally, you know, particularly with certain cancers, particularly prostate cancer, we see some really good results.

[SPEAKER_03]
You want to comment on numbers or too early to tell?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, so we have about 300 patients.
It's very difficult to know what percentage are responding, but there are some really quite phenomenal responses that we see in patients with a widely metastatic disease that comes under control.
The secret treatment is what?
So it's no single magic potion.

[SPEAKER_03]
You should turn it into a magic potion and call it the Merix, you know.

[SPEAKER_05]
A combination of diet, metabolic therapy, vitamin D, aromactin, mbendazole.
It's an approach.
It's not a simple pull that you take.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
Yeah.
And you can bet that no drug company will be interested in it because it's all of the things you can do are cheap and widely available.
Yeah.
It's not profitable.

[SPEAKER_05]
Oh, big pharma hates it.
That's why they try to ban my book.
You know, my book was banned.
And then because they didn't like it, then it got unbanned.

[SPEAKER_03]
Do you know how it was banned?
Do you know the story behind that?
Do you know who was behind banning your book?

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, I got a letter from from Amazon saying that I was promoting information was misleading and harming patients.
And so it was banned.
But then I think, obviously, I said to them, OK, well, show me anything that's misleading or misinformation.
And they were unable to do so.
And I think there was a big outcry.
Clearly, a big farm is behind this because
It is the most profitable business on this planet is cancer is big business.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, it's huge business.
Next question.
I have a comment here from Bobby Bounds actually who does a lot of data research by getting information and this is from Nevada using death certificates.
Death due to sepsis.
Through 2023 the actual data shows a significant 25% increase over an average of prior years for 2020.
Then in 2021, it shoots way up 43% over prior years, staying high in 2023, then a big drop in 2023.
What's your take on that?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, so I think the initial upsurge was
huge COVID and then I think the spike in 21-22 was probably related to immune suppression from the vaccines.
And now maybe the coming down is people aren't taking the vaccines the way they used to.
Now that's really good data.
Unfortunately, it's like most of the state is not readily available.

[SPEAKER_02]
No, you have to dig deep like Steve does.
Or like Bobby did.
Or like Bobby did, exactly.
This question is from ALP7Cows.
How do we develop education programs for children on these topics?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, I think the most important thing that parents can do is feed their kids a healthy diet.
I think they lead by example.
I think that we need to stop feeding our kids junk food because they develop an addiction to junk food.
Their life progressively gets
They take junk food for the rest of their life.
They become addicted.
So I think the best thing a parent can do is to encourage their kids to eat healthy food and to limit the amount of highly processed food.
It's not a difficult concept.

[SPEAKER_02]
No, not at all.
It is challenging in the modern world for working parents when it's just easy to get the processed food and the cost of eating healthy food is definitely higher.
It is a challenge, but I totally agree with you.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, it is.
But you know, it's a sacrifice worth making.
It takes a little bit of an investment, but I think it pays off enormously.
And the incidence of childhood obesity is something like 30%.
Kids with fatty liver, which never used to happen before, is reasonably common now because of the terrible diet they eat.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, it's a matter of life and death.
We have to make those sacrifices.
I want to follow up also on a question for you, Dr. Merrick, in one thing I'm learning in my local doctor's office, where a lot of the older doctors and physicians are retiring.
There's a shortage of new doctors, and my understanding is the new doctors are being programmed in these universities because they're funded by Big Pharma.
What's going to happen once the experienced doctors who know better
are aging out, how do we train the newer physicians that are coming in?
What are we gonna do?
Because they're all being programmed to just vaccinate, give these drugs, and not actually treat the patient.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, Livio, you asked such a good question because the students and young physicians coming out now, basically the space between the ears is empty.
They are unable to engage in independent thought process.
They can't think logically.
They can't deduce.
All they can do is regurgitate protocols.
And so we need to re...
configure the way we teach medical students and physicians and so you know the whole system
Now, so Kennedy has a big job ahead of him because the entire system, the entire system from the top to the bottom and every other piece is completely dysfunctional, corrupt and broken and has to be fixed.
The entire medical system is broken.
Just one simple example, the US makes a 5% of the world's population, yet we consume 55% of prescription drugs.
So we're highly medicated society and that's, you know, one of the consequences.

[SPEAKER_02]
Did you have, I mean, you watch television and all these ads for pharmaceuticals with all of the disclaimers and at the end it's ask your doctor.
Did you have patients who would actually come up to you and say, Hey, Dr. Merrick, I saw this ad.
Can you, should I take it?
To me, it seems absurd that you would go and ask your doctor because you saw an advertisement on television.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, so, I mean, we should ban direct pharmaceutical to public advertising.
It really serves no purpose.
And basically, they are pushing expensive designer drugs that are really expensive.

[SPEAKER_02]
It serves no useful purpose.
Yeah, it's horrible.
Question from Gotelodonamountain for Dr. Merrick.
HHS.
Xavier Becerra just extended the COVID liability shield for pharma till 2029.
I think he did it with a regulation or executive order.
Can Trump undo that?

[SPEAKER_05]
So I don't know.
Trump seems to be able to do a lot of stuff.
And I don't know if it can be done, but I think it's just really so important.
The idea that you would give total protection and indemnity makes no sense because then they have no responsibility to ensure that the product is safe and effective because they protect it.
It makes absolutely no sense.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, none whatsoever.
Question from C. Jennifer, what is the best type of vitamin C?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yes, sodium ascorbate is probably the best, but vitamin C is vitamin C. I wouldn't squibble too much about the type of vitamin C. You can get it at the supermarket, at your pharmacy.
Most of them are reasonably good quality.

[SPEAKER_02]
I wouldn't worry too much.
Maybe avoid the gummies that have sugar.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_02]
From one Lewis D. Dr. Merrick, think about vitamin C supplementation with cancer because of the antioxidant effect.
Would it only be not to use it if you are doing chemo or radiation?
Is it okay otherwise in cancer?

[SPEAKER_05]
That's a really good question.
So you want to
You want to avoid antioxidants in patients who are receiving chemotherapy or repurposed drugs because most of the mechanisms are oxidant injury to the cell and cell apoptosis.
So you don't want to use vitamin C.
Vitamin C, though, really has a role in high dose together with chemotherapy.
In fact, there was a paper published this week that showed patients with pancreatic cancer who were given IV vitamin C, it doubled their life expectancy.
So it is somewhat dichotomous that generally you probably want to avoid it if you're taking the
the cancer protocol, but it has a role in high-dose chemotherapy.

[SPEAKER_02]
Thank you for that information.
HowdyHorse asks, what foods should we eliminate from our diets besides processed foods and sugar?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, so I think if one eliminates processed foods,
That's going a long way.
I think if it looks like a food, if it's something which is recognizable that it's a food, then you should eat it.
It's the processed foods, the bagels, the buns, the donuts, the pizza, the candies, the chips.
These are not food and should be avoided.
Some fruits, though, are already high in glucose, such as bananas and grapefruits.
So, you know, take them moderately.
So, because fruits are pretty high in sugar, but, you know, otherwise meats, vegetables are already good.

[SPEAKER_02]
Wild blueberries, if you're having fruit.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
Blueberries, you know, the berry family have the lowest glycemic index.

[SPEAKER_02]
Um, I wasn't sure if I was going to ask this question, but I'm going to go for it, uh, from go tell it on a mountain.
I found ivermectin in a tractor store.
How should I take it?

[SPEAKER_05]
I would get on the tractor and just take it.

[SPEAKER_03]
There you go.
It's a big tube.
It's for a horse.
You heard it here first or I thought he might say feed it to your horse first and if the horse doesn't die it's okay.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, I'd give it to the horse.
So as a medical practitioner, we can't advise to take veterinary products.
But obviously, many patients take veterinary products.
The interesting thing about horse paste is actually absorbed through the skin.
So there was a protocol of treating COVID in Africa in which they used topical horse paste quite successfully.
So it's a very purposeful, multifunctional drug.

[SPEAKER_03]
So I wanted to ask you about that in terms of animal drugs versus human drugs.
Aren't people a lot more concerned about stuff that they give to their horses?
than the stuff that people have and so the quality control on horse paste or whatever is actually higher than it would be for ivermectin given to humans or is it the same quality like if you took an animal drug
Is that a lower standard or is that a higher standard?

[SPEAKER_05]
It's an absurd question.
I mean, if you take a moxicillin, it's a moxicillin.
If you give it to your dog, it's a moxicillin.
It's the same molecule.

[SPEAKER_03]
No, but you see the human purity versus what they give animals, which is not
human purity?
Is there any reason that you can't take a veterinary medicine?

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, I mean, if you're going to give it to your dog or you're going to give it to your horse, why would you give your horse
because horses are worth a lot of money.
Why would you give them something which is toxic?
So, yeah, it was a marketing campaign which is based on no good science.

[SPEAKER_02]
My understanding, Dr. American, I actually learned this when I met you the first time almost four years ago is that it's just
different delivery mechanism.
Like for a horse, they need a lot of ivermectin, so you got to shoot it with that big old tube.
But it's the same, same like you said, molecule, same.
Everything's the same.
It's just that it has to be delivered to the animal differently than a human.
Exactly.

[SPEAKER_05]
It's the same molecule.
You're just giving it by a different delivery system.

[SPEAKER_02]
I have an anecdote story.
Someone that you and I both know, Paul, got shingles and they got this giant rash all over their back and they lathered themselves up with the horse paste.
And in like 24 hours, the rash was gone.
Wow.
Just, you know, I, and I, I saw it happen over like one or two days.
It was bad the first day and he just decided to like, let me try this.
And, and it's, you know, Ivermectin's used for like Rosacea and other skin in cream form.
So he lathered himself up and, and it, it took care of it.
I believe it shingles.

[SPEAKER_05]
There you go.
Isn't that cool?

[SPEAKER_03]
Do you believe that?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, it has very potent anti-inflammatory properties.
It's used for skin infection, and so it may have some anti-viral properties as well.

[SPEAKER_02]
Now we're not giving medical advice.
I'm not saying do this at home.
I'm just telling you an anecdotal story.
Steve, I got a question for you from N Parsons too.
Wow.
My first question.
First question of the night.

[SPEAKER_03]
What, what did I do wrong?

[SPEAKER_02]
What is the status of the 300 pages of data you received from the CDC whistleblower regarding vaccines and autism?

[SPEAKER_03]
Nobody wanted to see it.
That's exactly what I thought.
This could be the most devastating evidence on earth.
Nobody wants to see it.
Couldn't get anyone to interested in seeing it.
That was it.
So no one wanted to look at it.
Maybe I can get the new Congress, maybe I can get Bobby to
get the new Congress to challenge the new Congress as to why there's no investigation.
Yeah.
Unbelievable.
Oh, yeah.
I'm believing it now.
You know, it's taken me four years, but now I'm believing this stuff that, wow, you can have this devastating evidence and, you know, it's like the old story.
You can, you can lead a horse to water, but you can't make them drink, right?
And that's what we have here.
It's pretty stunning.

[SPEAKER_02]
It really is.
You have this data and they won't, they won't look at it.
That's right.

[SPEAKER_05]
Effective pushing safe and effective like today is truly astonishing because the data is overwhelming and yet it doesn't matter what you say.
They are so malignant and malicious.
They just continue on their path.

[SPEAKER_02]
It's true.
Paul, before we let you go, I want to actually share what you're doing over at the FLCCC with this FLCCC vaccine injury survey.
You guys are, this survey aims to help us better understand the unique challenges that individuals and families face when dealing with vaccine injuries.
It's a very simple, brief questionnaire that can be completed in about five minutes.
focusing on key data points like, have you been injured?
How difficult was it for you to get help from insurance companies and the government for four diagnostic testing?
How many healthcare providers did you see?
The survey will remain open for two months and the results will be shared as soon as they become available.
This is an important opportunity for those affected to share their experiences and help improve access to care.
Janet will put the link in the chat.
But is there anything else you want to comment on this survey and what you hope to get out of it?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, I think the more information we can get from the vaccine injured, the better, just because it's an expanding population of patients.
And most medical providers have no idea how to treat them and what to do.
So the more information we have, I think the better off we are.

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, I encourage everyone to do the survey.
Janet put the link in the chat and it'll be very useful for the FLCC and for the vaccine injured.
Paul, any final comments you want to make before we close it out tonight?

[SPEAKER_05]
You know, I've got an interesting call today from the transition team.
So they know that I'm bored and my boards are evoked.
So they wanted to know, am I going to get my boards reinstated?
And I said, no.
So that's a disqualification.
So you would imagine that having been
Having my board's vote because I was a misinformationist would actually give me a- That's a qualifier.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yes.
That's a fine attribute.
Like if I were running HHS, I would only hire people who've had their medical licenses taken away.

[SPEAKER_02]
Wait, so no one that... Those are the people I want to hire.
Yeah, so no one that's had their licenses taken away can work under the new administration?

[SPEAKER_05]
I don't know.
It's an absurdity.
It just shows you the...

[SPEAKER_03]
It's a total control.
It's how they have total control.
It's so crazy.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yes, it's a really crazy system.
We live in that, that, you know, Steve's a misinformationist.
I'm a misinformationist.
So that makes me, you know, not, you know, the implication is that I'm not trustworthy or, you know, I'm not scientifically oriented or you can't believe what I say because I've been, you know, the ABIM have revoked my boards.

[SPEAKER_02]
It's an absurdity.
Especially with your credentials and how published you are and the work you've done, they just erase your history.
It's insanity to me.
Yeah.
Well, that's disturbing information to end your conversation with.
Sorry.

[SPEAKER_05]
We will move on.
The truth will eventually come out, eventually.
Um, and so we just push on eventually.
What do you think eventually is?
I don't know.
Steve, I don't know.
75 years.
I think that's what Pfizer thought.

[SPEAKER_02]
That's what they were hoping for.

[SPEAKER_05]
Adam, do you think?

[SPEAKER_03]
Uh, I hope it's less than 75 years.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
Me too.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
Hope we live to see it.
Well, Dr. Merrick, it's been, as always, such a pleasure to have you on BSRF Live.
You're always welcome back whenever you want to come back.
You have an open invitation.

[SPEAKER_05]
Thanks, Livia.
Thanks, Steve.
And all the best over Christmas and New Year.
And hopefully we entering a new era.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yes, yes, let's hope for the best starting in 2025.
All right, have a great holiday, Dr. Merrick.
We'll see you again in 2025.
Steve Hang in there.
Gosh, love that man.
He's just such an extremely knowledgeable and incredible human.
Always loved talking to Dr. Merrick.

[SPEAKER_03]
I wish all doctors were like him.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
Boy, that would be just phenomenal, wouldn't it?

[SPEAKER_02]
Wouldn't that be, wouldn't that be great?
Thank you.
I appreciate that.
Okay, guys.
Thanks.
Thanks, Paul.
Uh, wow, great interview.
Um, I want to also just remind everyone if you want to continue to support us so we can bring you more research, more episodes like tonight, more guests like Geert Vanden Bosch and Dr. Paul Merrick.
Uh, before the end of the year, you can use your tax deduction to donate today, text VSRF to 53555.
That's via text VSRF to 53-555.
We are a 501C3.
It is tax deductible.
So every penny counts, every dollar helps, and we really appreciate anything you can do to support our work.
And one last note next week, I want to bring up next week, Steve, we're going to have Dr. Christina Parks on the show next week.
Here she is.
Here's a picture of the thumbnail for next week.
Dr. Christina Parks will be discussing the DNA contamination in the mRNA vaccines as well as shedding, which has been a big story this week.
I don't know if you've been following it, Steve, but
There's even more evidence that shedding is real and there's confirmation.

[SPEAKER_03]
So the paper just came out.

[SPEAKER_02]
Right.
Yeah.
So you get to talk to Dr. Christina Parks about that next week and I will not be on next week.
It's going to be nurse Angela hosting next week as I miss you.
I will.
This will probably be my last show of the year.
So I'll, I'll be back in 2025.

[SPEAKER_03]
I'll be back.
Isn't that something that Schwarzenegger used to say?
I'll be back.
I'll be back.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yes, I'll be back in 2025.
And guess what I'm going to close tonight's show with?
Our good friend, Peter Hotez, is I'm sure most have seen it, but I can't get enough of it when he's talking about all the horrors that are going to happen starting on January 21st of 2025.
Um, yeah, so I'll play that to sign us off and cheer us up for, for the rest of the evening and weekend.
Steve, have a great rest of your night.
Thank you for, uh, for, uh, doing all these great interviews and being here weekend week out.

[SPEAKER_03]
My pleasure.

[SPEAKER_02]
All right.
Have a happy holidays, everyone.
Have a great rest of your evening and I'll see you all in 2025.
Have a great night.

[SPEAKER_00]
Here's the reason why we need to care about this stuff.
Nicole is that we have some big picture stuff coming down the pike starting on January 21st.
Mr Bloomberg mentioned H5N1 that I'm really worried about.
It's all over wild birds on the western part of the United States and going up in the north.
It's getting into the poultry.
We're seeing sporadic human cases, no human transmission yet, but that could happen.
It's in the cattle, it's in the milk, and that's just the beginning.
We have another major coronavirus, likely brewing in Asia.
We've had SARS in 2002, SARS-2, COVID-19, and 2019.
And we know these viruses are jumping from bats to people thousands of times a year, but that's they're still more that we know that we have a big problem with mosquito transmitted viruses all along the Gulf Coast where I am here in Texas or expecting.
dengue and possibly zika virus coming back or a puja virus, maybe even yellow fever.
And there's more.
Then we have all this sharp rise in vaccine preventable diseases going up because of, in part, the anti-vaccine activism that's so prominent right now.
We have a five-fold rise in pertussis cases, whooping cough over the last year, 15 measles outbreaks this year.
We've got polio that's been in the wastewater in New York state.
All that's going to come crashing down on January 21st on the Trump administration.
We need a really, really good team to be able to handle this.
