[UNKNOWN]
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_08]
Oh, that thing looks like AtoD2's chest.

[UNKNOWN]
Are you ready?

[SPEAKER_08]
We wrote a sky song just for you.
can't kill the pain that lives in the back of my brain.
Or deep in my heart, where it tears me apart, I wish it would just pick a lane.
It got too crowded too quick, they closed in around me so fast.
My eyes became bloody and the air became thick.
There is nothing that's painful to see.
If I was stable, I'd be able to table a cape when the night worked for me.
Downtown, the streets were jam-packed.
They moved in from every which way.
Some were arrested, others attacked.
I was sure it was my final day.
Can't stop crying.
Good night
I got myself out of my tears It's gone on for too many years I've got to stop crying, believe me I'm trying Despite how it appears Justice has got to prevail From the tower they shower debris They're coming in, that was a fail That was the last thing for me

[SPEAKER_02]
Tonight on BSRF Live, Teachers for Choice founder Michael Cain will give us an update on Governor Kathy Hochul's plans to introduce quarantine camps.
Also by popular demand, Steve Kirsch will continue our discussion on turbo cancers with FLCCC co-founder and physician Dr. Paul Merrick.

[SPEAKER_05]
Cancer is big business.
It's highly profitable.
The average cost of chemotherapy for a patient is probably $100,000.
So, you know, Big Pharma makes a lot of money, the oncologists in this country make a lot of money, and the drugs we're talking about are cheap off-patent drugs.
So you can understand why the
You can understand the narrative.
It's much like COVID.
It goes against big pharma and it goes against traditional medicine, which is a tragedy because they're very effective therapies that can really improve the patient's outcome.
And some of these can be used in conjunction with standard chemotherapy.
As we're not saying that, you know, throw away
standard therapy, these can be used as adjuncts and as supplements to standard chemotherapy if patients so choose.

[SPEAKER_02]
Hello and welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm Livio Sanchez.
It's great to be back with you this evening.
We have a very informative show planned for you.
We just watched FLCCC co-founder Dr. Paul Merrick discussing the enormously profitable cancer drug industry and the role for effective alternative cancer therapies.
Tonight, Dr. Merrick will join us to talk more about this important topic, especially in light of the latest data showing a sharp rise in turbo cancers in people under 50.
Before Dr. Merrick, we'll be joined by our good friend and New York Teachers for Choice founder, Michael Cain, to get the latest update on Governor Kathy Hochul's efforts to authorize quarantine camps in the state of New York.
Now, to get things started, I want to bring on our very own nurse, Angela.
Hi, Angela.
Nice to see you this evening.

[SPEAKER_00]
Hi, Livio.
It's great to see you.
How are you doing?

[SPEAKER_02]
I'm doing well to start the year, although I'm glad that we're going to talk for a minute because it seems like everyone around me, like my mom, my sister, like so many people are really ill with whatever this thing is going around.
What are you seeing?

[SPEAKER_00]
I'm seeing the same thing with you.
You know, even on our own team, we have one of our own team members right now who has pneumonia.
And, you know, I really hope that what Gert
said is not true.
I love him to death, but I just really hope that his predictions are false.
What I am seeing, I'm seeing a lot of people sick, but what I'm hearing from the hospital, from the nurses in the hospital, is that it's not like the beginning where people were dying of COVID and it was really, really scary, but people are having these prolonged illnesses, these pneumonias.
They're staying sick for longer, so instead of getting over it in a week or two, they're sick for a month.
I'm so excited to be here.
I'm so excited.
Dr. Merrick is here and I will be back later on to go through some tips with everybody.
And I probably should have done this earlier on, but I do have a lot of people emailing me and we do help, you know, thousands of people get through the winter illness.
But the one thing too to remember is that
having an occasional illness is actually really good for our immune system.
It keeps our immune system strong and vital.
So there's ways that we can get through this and we're here to help.
So I'm looking forward to coming back and sharing that with you all.

[SPEAKER_02]
We're going to put in the chat, hopefully, you're going to be talking about some winter wellness alternatives that people can use to help keep themselves healthy.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, you know, I'm so happy to share this because this, I give credit to Pediatric Alternatives.
They are a practice in the Bay Area.
They have privileges at UCSF.
And during my 17 years of being in charge of the pediatric ward there, one of the things that I noticed is that their kids were the healthiest.
You know, we would be admitting kids onto the pediatric ward and I'd see every patient that we would be admitting.
this pediatric group rarely had kids admitted.
And one of the things that they give out is ways to stay healthy.
And that's what we need to do.
We need to keep ourselves healthy, our children healthy.
And so I'm really happy to share their tips.

[SPEAKER_02]
I have to ask from the patients you're seeing and talking to, what percentage are vaccinated versus unvaccinated?

[SPEAKER_00]
Well, here in California,
we have, especially in my area in Sonoma County, we have one of the most vaccinated counties.
We are compliant.
We do what the government tells us to do.
And so pretty much in my local area, everybody that I'm seeing is fully vaccinated.
I find that they are doing far worse.
The more boosters you have, the worse it is.
And so that, that is what I'm seeing.
You know, of course I'm seeing unvaccinated people get sick as well.
But you know, the people that are doing,
worst in what I'm getting as far as what I'm hearing from the nurses and the emails that are coming in from all of our viewers are the vaccinated.

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, why don't we ask Steve Kersh what he's saying and ask him to unmute.
And while I bring them onto the, hello, Steve, happy new year.
Nice to see you.

[SPEAKER_03]
Hi, Livio.
I just got in from skiing.
I'm in Lake Tahoe.
So, good to see you.

[SPEAKER_02]
Did you hear about that avalanche over at
the mountain formerly known as Squaw Valley.

[SPEAKER_03]
I did.
I did.
Yeah, apparently one person died in that.
I don't think there were any more than that, but so.

[SPEAKER_00]
Just one.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_00]
I was so happy to talk to Steve yesterday because I got the news and then I messaged Steve right away and he said, where?
What avalanche?
And obviously you were on the ski slopes today.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, it wasn't yesterday for sure.
It was snowing quite a bit.
So I played it safe and stayed in and worked.

[SPEAKER_00]
Just for everybody to know, Steve is an incredible skier.
He's talented in many things, but skiing.
Oh, my goodness.
I skied with him once and I told him I was an intermediate skier and he almost killed me.
I think we were on black diamonds.
So don't ever agree to go skiing with Steve.

[SPEAKER_02]
Keep her off the black diamonds if you can next time.
Will do.
Well, Angela, you're going to join us later on?

[SPEAKER_00]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_02]
Great.
We'll look forward to hearing more about wellness ideas and recipes from you.
Yes.
All right.
Thank you, Steve.
We're going to jump right into our first guest.
Here's Michael Kane, hi Michael, nice to see you this evening.

[SPEAKER_06]
Thanks so much for having me on.
It's good to see you, love you, it's good to see you Steve as well.

[SPEAKER_02]
I'm going to read your bio just for those of our guests that aren't familiar with you, but you are a grassroots organizer for American Values 2024 as well as the founder of Teachers for Choice.
You are a New York City special education teacher for 14 years until you were fired for declining COVID vaccination.
You had a big legal victory back in September in which a New York state judge ruled that 10 New York City teachers were fired for refusing to get the COVID-19 vaccine were wrongfully dismissed for unlawful and ordered the teachers to be reinstated with back pay.
Congratulations on that.
And tonight you are here to talk about Governor Hokel's quarantine camps.
Welcome back.
And I definitely want to hear the latest on that because that sounds crazy to me.

[SPEAKER_06]
There's one thing I want to say a judge did order me back to my job.
I'm not back at my job because New York City appealed and around around we go on the you know, the hamster wheel again, but I am I am confident there will be justice eventually.
It's a long road though.
We're still on it.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
Tragic.
It's so tragic to force these shots on you that basically do nothing to protect you or protect anyone else.
And the only thing they do is kill people and injure them and drive up their medical costs.
It's it's so insane.
And nobody will talk about it.

[SPEAKER_06]
And if you don't put yourself on the altar and sacrifice yourself, you can't teach in New York City or be a firefighter or or police officer.
Yeah, it's it's kind of, it's kind of a pretty sick ritual.
I just want I just want to shout out Children's Health Defense for being there with us.
You know, Bobby Kennedy, when he was the chairperson greenlit these lawsuits, they've been with us for years, and they're not leaving us.
But I think we'll be successful.
It just it just
Courts take a long time, take a long time.

[SPEAKER_02]
I would imagine there's probably a shortage of teachers as well.

[SPEAKER_06]
It's insane.
There's always a shortage of teachers in New York City in a good year.
Now it's off a cliff.
It's terrible.

[SPEAKER_02]
You mentioned before that you had some breaking news to share with us.

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, so, okay, yeah.
This is Bill that's coming on to talk about Kathy Hochul and the quarantine camps that she had in a regulation 2.13.
That regulation was challenged by Bobby Ann Cox in court successfully, but then on appeal recently, it was ruled her plaintiffs didn't have standing
And so they wiped out the lower court ruling.
They actually effectively said, unless you are detained and quarantined illegally like this, you don't have standing.
It's almost like saying, well, if you didn't get shot in the head yet, if you're not dead yet, nothing has happened to you.
You can't sue over this.
So they wiped out the lower court ruling and then everybody on the internet started saying,
New York's coming after you, they're gonna quarantine you, they're gonna take you, lock you down, all of these things.
But that's not true.
Because what happened is the 2.13 quarantine camp regulation is gone.
It was an emergency regulation that they kept re-approving and re-approving and how they keep the perpetual emergency.
But when Bobby and Cox won in the lower court, it wiped it out.
So when they then on appeal, New York State won,
the regulation was non-existent, so it's not on the books.
But then we looked deeper and a great activist here in New York named Leland up in Columbia County said, there's another regulation they put on that is 2.16, I believe is the number.
And we've looked at it and we've read it and my good friend John Gilmore has been doing this for decades.

[SPEAKER_02]
Love John.

[SPEAKER_06]
He said, Mike,
I don't understand what this regulation says.
This is legally is gobbledygook.
Like, I don't know what they're saying.
So we brought it over to attorney Bobby and Cox, attorney Sujata Gibson, they analyzed it.
And what they came back with with the the paragraphs that are most relevant is they said,
This new regulation that's currently on the books in New York says if there's an investigation into an individual that has some, any communicable disease of question, that individual must cooperate with the investigation.
The word cooperation is not defined.
It's just left, they must cooperate.
And then the other section says that all the hospitals in New York have no legal standing to resist if the health department comes in and says, we are using your facilities to quarantine people.
So that is what currently is the law through regulation in New York.
What does cooperation mean?
The lawyers are telling me right now.
It is really difficult to see locking you up with no due process, with no evidence, with no way to get out.
That's not cooperation.
So in effect, Bobby and Cox effectively won and beat the quarantine regulation.
It is not law.
It is not in effect in New York right now.
But they have this weird 2.16 right now that says, well, if we investigate you, you must cooperate.
And it could happen in a hospital.
The hospitals have to allow us to do this.
And what I just want to say about this is that we have to be vigilant.
I mean, one day, those regulations, they change again.
They meet again, and they add, and it's this increment.
But because of what Bobby and Cox did, because in the appeals court, 400 people showed up in Rochester, in Western New York.
It was unbelievable.
She got a standing ovation of hundreds of people inside the court and outside the court.
Judges don't see that.
That presence, that attention, that programs like yours, like CHDTV, Teachers for Choice, raising that attention, they're like, oh man.
We need to be careful.
This isn't 2000.
This isn't, you know, 2020.
This isn't 2021 when everyone was COVID and zombies all over the place.
The people are watching.
So they backed off, but we got to stay vigilant.
We got to keep our eyes out cause it could come back at any moment.
So that's the actual details of what's going on with Kathy Hockels health regulation and the ability for them to quarantine and isolate New Yorkers currently right now.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
So basically, there's nothing that there are no quarantine camps that exist in New York City today.

[SPEAKER_06]
Right.
In New York City, in New York State, there aren't actual facilities set up specifically for this.
But with the old regulation that got struck down and then sunset, the 2.13 monster regulation, that said, they can lock you up anywhere they want.
They can lock you up in a jail cell, in a hospital room, an ankle bracelet in your home.
It was so broad.
It was whatever.
So it wasn't even the location itself.
We started calling it the Quarantine Camp Regulation because you saw in Australia, in China, this was real.
They built them.
It was happening.
And this regulation was green lighting the possibility of doing that.
But it also green lit the possibility to put you anywhere they wanted with no due process and no way to get out.
So that's what was so shocking about this regulation.
And I just want to say, Bobbi Ann Cox, just what a warrior.
She was a regular attorney turned civil rights, just hero in New York.
She's going to be coming to Albany with all of us January 23rd.
where we are pushing back on all of the insanity that's happening in Albany.
Save our kids, save our freedom, save our state.
There's so many different bills that they are trying to eviscerate parental rights and medical freedom in New York.
So go to teachersforchoice.org for all those details.
If you're in Long Island or New York City, we're gonna have buses that can take you up and all the links are available there.
I wanna just talk about one
other bill that is so incredibly frightening.
This bill would allow any minor to consent to any medical procedure without parental knowledge, or consent, anything, surgery, dental, vaccination, psychotropic medication, anything, literally, the New York lawmakers are pretending this is like a good idea.
And there is a bill that exists right now.

[SPEAKER_02]
Oh,
We just, he's back.

[SPEAKER_06]
Are we okay here?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, you're back.
You dropped out for one second.

[SPEAKER_06]
Okay.
So, um, what I was saying is this law that would allow children, minors to consent to any medical procedure without parental knowledge or consent is so bonkers.
We have to go up to Albany and just let the lawmakers know that we say no to this.
Uh, when they try to scurry in their corners in the dark and pass this when no one's looking, but when they have eyeballs on them,
we can stop it and we have stopped this stuff in the past.
And also Steve, last year you had me on when you had Robert F. Kennedy Jr. on and we were going back to Albany then as well too.
And we got a thousand people and your show helped to get the word out.
And so I really appreciate being back here to talk to your audience again.
We need that same type of pressure out there.
I mean, just like we did in DC, 40,000 people that defeat the mandates.
We need to get thousands of people up in Albany and we can do it.
Yeah, so check out teachersforchoice.org and we hope to see you in Albany on January 23rd.

[SPEAKER_02]
Excellent.
I'm going to definitely try to get there.
I'm not that far away.

[SPEAKER_06]
Nice.

[SPEAKER_02]
One other question I want to ask you.
We were talking about this also before we went live about school kids having to go back home for
home learning because of immigrants needing to use the schools.
What's going on with that?

[SPEAKER_06]
In New York City, most people have seen nationally, there's a migrant crisis here.
New York City is a sanctuary city.
They have a law that they must house everyone.
There are some storms that are happening here, some severe wintry mix and rainstorms that are happening.
And what the mayor has said is that for an emergency, they must temporarily house migrants in a school and the kids cannot show up.
to the school, and they are going on remote learning.
This is supposed to be temporary.
It's supposed to be only for the storm.
But we have to wait and see about that.
I will say some boroughs in New York City are just on fire about this issue.
Staten Island, the protests that have been going on, plus the lawsuits have been insane.
And the migrant issue has become
Has become really really a breaking point in New York City and causing just so much division causing so much chaos Which is perfect for the powers that be that that's kind of the name of the game is division and chaos So, um, I hope this is temporary.
I hope those children in New York City get into their schools right away We saw what the damage
of remote learning is we've, I mean, even Randy Weingart, the head of the teachers union admits that we must be teaching kids in person now.
So, um, yeah, watch, let, let's keep watching that.
Hopefully these kids get their school back really, really soon.

[SPEAKER_03]
Uh, you know, I'm, I'm flabbergasted by this.
The kids can consent to any sort of medical interventions.
Like, so there must've been some research
Something that was published in the peer-reviewed literature that said that kids are actually more likely to be able to decide
and evaluate whether a medical intervention is good for them versus the parents.

[SPEAKER_06]
So the kids are, there must be something.
No, no, no, no.
I don't think there is any evidence of this.
As a matter of fact, in New York state, they have recently passed laws that make the age younger.
If you're under 18, you can't go into a tanning salon.
You can't, you can't smoke in New York state.
If you're 18 years old, you
can't get a tattoo.
But if it's a vaccine or surgery that changes your gender, these things you can consent to.

[SPEAKER_02]
Of course, no problem.

[SPEAKER_06]
It's really a marketing strategy from Big Pharma that's dying over the shift in opinion because of how horribly the COVID narrative failed.
Well, now they just want to remove the parent out of it because that's where their market is.
If they can just get past
these darn parents that are stopping their kids from getting those pesky parents.

[SPEAKER_03]
It's basically to say, well, if the parents don't want it, then let's do an override so that the kids can consent to it because then we make more money.
Yes, it's amazing.
It's amazing that the legislature, you know, passes the I guess I shouldn't be amazed anymore.
I mean, I should be beyond, beyond that.
But it still amazes me that these people who you elect to represent the people aren't working for the people at all.
I mean, it's

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, absolutely.
I agree 100%.
But in us going up on January 23rd, we have a number of attorneys from CHD, a number of attorneys who've already won in court saying these laws are illegal, that it breaks federal law to circumvent
the parent.
So they've already had in Washington D.C. they won.
They have another case in Philadelphia that Trisha Lindsay is heading up against laws like this.
So one of the things we're going up there is just to educate the lawmakers and say, hey, these bills are patently illegal.
It's already been proven in the federal courts and you guys just don't know it or you don't care.
So I actually feel confident as long as we show up.
I think we're going to beat these things.
If we don't show up, guess what?
We won't beat them.
But if we show up and we show our power, we've done it four years in a row and stop this stuff, this will be the fifth year and I'm confident we're going to be able to do it.

[SPEAKER_02]
Great.
Everyone out there who's in the region, try to show up.
Michael, thank you for your tireless efforts and bravery.
I mean, you have so much energy.
Thank you for all the work that you do and continue to do.

[SPEAKER_06]
Livio, Steve, thank you guys so much.
VSRF is a treasure.
You guys are fantastic.
Thank you so much.

[SPEAKER_02]
And I want to remind, if you can come back for Q and A later on, you're more than welcome to just give me a heads up and- Going up to the little guys.

[SPEAKER_06]
I'm going to see if they allow it, but I'm hoping I can get back on.

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay, great.
All right.
Thank you, Michael.
Thank you so much.
Yeah, that's just crazy stuff going on, not just in New York, it's also going on in other parts of the country, Steve.
It's outrageous.
Before we bring on our next guest, I do want to remind everyone, if you have a question for our next guest, for Steve, for Nurse Angela, or for Michael Cain,
put in the chat, question all caps, and we will try to answer your question as appropriately as possible.
So now I want to bring on the great Dr. Paul Merrick.
How are you, Paul?
Nice to see you this evening.

[SPEAKER_05]
Thanks, Livia.
Good to see you.
Hi, Steve.
Hi, Paul.

[SPEAKER_02]
I'm going to read your bio.
It's very brief.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, you keep it brief.
I'm putting skiing in my living room.

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, you are considered a great friend of VSRF.
You are the co-founder of the Frontline COVID-19 Critical Care Alliance, also known as FLCCC, a world renowned physician and a pioneer in the practice of critical care.
You're a specialist in internal medicine, critical and neurocritical care, pharmacology, anesthesia, nutrition, and tropical medicine.
Dr. Merrick was formerly a tenured professor of medicine and chief of the division of pulmonary and critical care medicine at Eastern Virginia Medical School, also known as EVMS.
You've written over 500 peer-reviewed journal articles, 80 book chapters, and authored four critical care books.
In 2017, you were the recipient of the outstanding educator award from the American College of Physicians for your work with medical residents and fellows.
During the declared public health emergency, Dr. Merrick successfully treated thousands of COVID-19 patients.
In 2022, you retired from EVMS to focus on leading the FLCCC and developing treatment protocols for spike protein-induced diseases and other conditions.
It is an honor to know you, Paul, and to have been able to work with you since pretty much the onset.
Welcome.
And I'm going to leave you and Steve, cause I want to sit back and listen to you guys chat for a while and we'll come back for Q and A and also let me know when you're ready to do your PowerPoint.

[SPEAKER_05]
Sure.
And hopefully nurse Angela can join us.
You know, what would this discussion be without nurse Angela?

[SPEAKER_02]
Oh yeah, she's coming back.
We're going to have, we're bringing her back to for sure.

[SPEAKER_03]
Okay.
So, so let me start by saying, um, yeah, just saying thanks, uh, uh, Paul to, uh, to you from everyone in the world, because, you know, there are so few doctors who, when they see stuff going on, uh, like what's been going on, that will stand up for what's right.
And, you know, you basically were told in your hospital that you had to treat COVID patients by the book, by doing what they told you to do.
And,
You did that and you followed their orders and it resulted in you're losing a hundred percent of the COVID patients that you were given.
And because you work in the ICU, you're given, you know, the kind of extreme cases.
But basically by following the hospital protocol, you lost a hundred percent, a hundred percent died.
Whereas before on your own protocol, it was over 95% survival.
And so you went to the hospital management and basically said this is untenable and they basically wouldn't negotiate so you ended up resigning and.
You know, there are very few doctors that would do that.
They would just follow orders.
And so my hat's off to you for standing up to the establishment and doing what's right, because you did what's right for your patients, which is you're not going to consent to doing these hospital protocols that are basically killing people, whereas
You know, it's like virtually all the other mainstream doctors are in the system playing by the rules and it's killing people.
And, you know, you're one of the few people who stood up and did the right thing.
And you should be congratulated for doing that and acknowledged for doing that.
So I just wanted to start off by acknowledging
you're doing that because that came at a great sacrifice.
I'm sure this wasn't a, you know, you made millions of dollars by making this decision.
This was a, you know, cut off all revenue kind of decision that is basically it's a hard decision to make, but it's the right decision.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
Yeah.
Sometimes you have no option but to choose the right path.
Thank you, Steve.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
So
I mean, it seems like I could count on maybe not one hand or two hands, but it's like, how many doctors do you think are in a done something similar to what you did?
Do you think it's like a hundred?
Do you think it's two hundred?
Do you think it's a thousand?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, unfortunately, it's not enough.
It's difficult really to know.
I mean, there are unfortunately people who who by standing up for doing the right thing have lost their job.
In the, in this country, in Canada and, and in Europe, it's just, it's just unfortunate, but you know, the truth is on our side and you have to do the right thing.

[SPEAKER_03]
So do you have an estimate of whether it's a hundred, 200?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, it's really difficult to know.

[SPEAKER_05]
Um, you know, maybe in this country, a few hundred, but not more than that.

[SPEAKER_03]
And there are what, like a hundred thousand doctors?
Yeah.
What's the number of doctors?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
I, it's a good question.
Um, you know, I think over a hundred thousand at least.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
So we're looking at just a tiny fraction of doctors who basically, um, are honoring the Hippocratic oath to do no harm.
which is what they should be doing.
So I have a question for you.
You know, this has been going on for way too long and how do we up level this conversation?
Because right now it's, it's just, you know, kind of us talking to our followers and we're not reaching the masses here.
Most people don't know.
They think the COVID protocols are saving people.
They think the doctors are happy with the COVID protocols and they have no clue.
I mean, I didn't have any clue until fairly recently that it was, I knew that the protocols killed people, but I didn't realize that the protocols are killing 90% of these COVID patients.
And, you know, I thought it might be, oh, 10% or 20%, but I had no idea that it's 90%.
You know, and your anecdote,
with, you know, saving virtually all the patients versus a hundred percent death rate on the protocol.
I mean, that is just so stunning to me.
And I don't think that word is getting out because I think if people knew that they would be livid.
that these million deaths that we talk about, oh, million people have died from COVID.
Well, 900,000 of them were at the hands of the United States government for having these insane protocols, right?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
Yeah.
But you know, as we'll see when we talk about cancer, you know, this applies across the board in medicine.
The entire field of medicine is captured by big pharma and the
the industrial complex and hospitals and doctors are forced to practice the way Big Pharma so desires.

[SPEAKER_03]
So electing Bobby Kennedy, I think, would probably make an amazing difference.
Certainly, when Trump came in and said, hey, I'm going to drain the swamp, I don't think he did anything in terms of draining the swamp, in terms of medical corruption.
Did he?
No.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
Unfortunately, the agencies are captured
And so there has to be radical reform in the way medicine is practiced in this country for there to be real significant change.
I think there is, I think that some people are waking up.
I think there is some movement.
There seems to be a little bit of a groundswell, but as you know, it's not quick enough and it's not rapid enough and extensive enough, but the truth will eventually come out.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, certainly the number of people who are getting the latest boosters and are buying the narrative seems it's like in the single digits.
So at least people are recognizing that they don't need any more boosters, but I think they still trust the medical system.
I think they still believe that if they go to the hospital with COVID that they're going to be treated properly and they have no idea about how corrupt this is.
Is it like, what would happen if you were to do a, say, challenge our chiefs, the US surgeon general to a debate on COVID treatment protocols in the hospital?
I mean, who is the current, is it Jerome Adams?
It's like the current
guy who's the current search in general, or is it the said that the new guy?
Yeah, I guess Jerome, he's old.
He's the old guy.
It's yeah.
You know, I never see the I never see it never shows up.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, I think it would be just like any one of these debates.
They would decline.

[SPEAKER_03]
How can we get these guys?
There seems like, you know, Peter Hotez, for example, there was a fund to pay Peter Hotez millions of dollars just to debate Bobby Kennedy on vaccines.
And Hotez declined the millions of dollars.
I mean, what is it going to take?
You know, for you to have a civil discussion with somebody on the other side, you know, Ashish Jha or somebody, you know, in the White House on these COVID treatment protocols, like how can we
make a difference so that we can get some public attention on this.
Because I think if the public was focused on this, I think if the mainstream media somehow got turned into looking at this issue, people would be livid about what they're hearing.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, I mean, yeah, I think we have to do what we're doing, you know, what you're doing, what we're doing, you just need to keep on
trying to spread the word and speak the truth.
And, you know, hopefully there will at some point be a big enough mass that people will pay attention.

[SPEAKER_03]
And is there, is there any kind of historical precedent for, for this where, uh, we, you know, like we're missing something that, oh yeah, this has happened before.
And what really made the difference was
whatever, you know, like it wouldn't be great if 60 minutes to the story on why you resigned and had the COVID treatment protocols.
I mean, that would be phenomenal, but they would never touch this story with a 10 foot pole.
And neither would the New York times or the Washington post or, or any of these guys are completely captured.

[SPEAKER_08]
It's so I, I, I'm sorry.

[SPEAKER_03]
Words have.
Yeah.
You're as frustrated as I am.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
Yeah.
You know, I'm busy reading Bobby Kennedy's book, The Wuhan Cover Up.
And I think if you read that book, it provides pretty compelling insight into actually what's going on and how deep within our government the corruption is.
It's it's astonishing.
And, you know, the NIH, the
CDC, the federal government, the Department of Defense, they're all in cahoots.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
So, so, so Paul, you know, I became a misinformation super spreader back in May of 2021 when, uh, I basically, you know, I got the, got the shots cause I believe the narrative and then people around me started dying.
And people around me started being seriously injured by these vaccines.
And I started looking at the facts.
What was it for you?
What was your your your moment where you you know, you kind of shifted from believing the narrative and believing all this stuff that, oh, the FDA is good.
And like, did this happen for you a long time ago?
Or did it happen to you recently when you talked to vaccine injured?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, so it's pretty recent.
I mean, I was tenured professor.
I believed everything we were told.
I believed the medical journals.
And I had no idea, like most physicians, it was really COVID that opened up my eyes and many of my colleagues' eyes.
Because we saw firsthand how corrupt the system really is.
And as you start looking, you realize it's not just COVID, it's across the board.
They control the narrative.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, it was certainly an eye-opening experience for me when I started digging into it.
I mean, it was a complete shift from completely trusting the authorities to like, wow, this stuff is
unbelievably corrupt.
And I look back at my former self and I think, wow, you know, I was, I was really drink, uh, I was really swallowing the blue pill and, and, you know, it looks like you're in the same boat as I was.

[SPEAKER_05]
I mean, up until COVID, I, I was completely brainwashed and, you know, we're going to talk about cancer today and it's really no different.
Um, you know, there's a narrative that they want to play out and they don't like the alternative.
But you know, the data is out there.
So once you go down this path, you see the truth, you can't unsee it.
Once you've seen this, there's no way of going back.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, you can't unring the bell, as we say.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, that's why it would be impossible for me to work in a hospital now.
I mean, I think it is just such a toxic environment.

[SPEAKER_03]
So how do you...
You don't have to answer this kind of personal question, but how do you have an income now?
Right before you were a doctor, you were treating patients.
Are you still seeing patients?
Or did they take away your certification so you can't see patients anymore?
And you know, you're an intensivist.
So you're basically, if you're not in the hospital,
You're not doing your job.
So how do you have an income?

[SPEAKER_05]
So unfortunately, through some unfortunate circumstances, I kind of had to give up my medical license because my medical license was linked to my employment.
So I had to give up clinical medicine, unfortunately.
You know, there are a few of us who've been in this situation.
Meryl Nass was put in the same situation, you know, similar to me.
It was unfortunate because, you know, practicing clinical medicine is what I did, but I was forced to give it up.
But you know what?
Fortunately, I was towards the end of my career and, you know, I've now, you know, do other stuff that keeps me busy.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
So, you know, I don't know.
Did you see Brett Weinstein's interview with Tucker Carlson?

[SPEAKER_05]
No, I, it's on my list of things to do.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
It's a great interview, but he talks about Goliath where Goliath is the, this, uh, you know, the, the people promoting the narrative.
And he said that the one mistake that Goliath made is that Goliath basically pissed off a lot of critical thinkers and
put them all on the same team.
And so you and me and Brett and lots of other people are now all on the same team and we're fighting this Goliath.
And, you know, Brett's comment was, wow, this is the dream team that is up against Goliath.
So what Goliath did inadvertently,
is it essentially created this dream team of really smart people who are critical thinkers and are realized what has happened and who are now very pissed off, extremely pissed off.

[SPEAKER_05]
And you know, it's a growing number of people who are in this, you know, so-called freedom movement.
You know, these are really intelligent, smart, productive people.
And so I think, you know, if we will create a formidable force, that's why I think with time, you know, we will make inroads and things will change.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, you know, I think we have, you know, because if you look at the the uptake rates of the new vaccines, but I wonder, you know, how much do you think that is due to people like yourself and others versus people just having adverse reactions themselves or seeing it in their friends or their loved ones?
I mean, is how much do you think is it due to us?
versus just due to the vaccine just wreaking damage.
I mean, is it like 50-50 or what would you put it?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, it's a good question.
I would say 50-50.
I think the word is getting out slowly.
But obviously, you know, people know people who've been injured by the vaccine and that's a very personal experience.
Um, so I think it's a combination of, you know, as trying to tell the truth, people being injured, I think, you know, people recognizing that most of the, if not all of the countermeasures failed, you know, I think most people recognize the harm of, you know, the lockdowns, the masks, the social isolation.
I mean, I think they recognize that now.
And it was not, it was not beneficial.

[SPEAKER_03]
None of them.
I don't think any of the interventions were beneficial.
I mean, can you think of any CDC intervention?

[SPEAKER_05]
That was actually, they're all harmful.
I mean, none of them actually made any sense and they all failed.
They all failed.
There isn't a single one of the interventions that actually had a positive outcome.

[SPEAKER_03]
Okay, so let's switch because we're supposed to be talking about turbo cancers.
So tell us about
Oh, you have a presentation.

[SPEAKER_05]
So I have a few, which I'll go through quickly, a few PowerPoint slides just to set the stage and then and then we can we can talk because cancer is a really important topic, as you will see next.

[SPEAKER_04]
So just the usual disclaimer, you know, what we're talking about is just we're talking, you know, people should, you know, discuss treatments with their physician, they shouldn't base treatment on what we're talking about next.
So, you know, there is a bit of a confusion of what a repurposed drug is.
And it seems people think that that a repurposed drug is an illegal or illicit drug.
So basically, a repurposed drug is a drug which is used off label.
And so it's an FDA approved drug that's not being used for the FDA approved indication.
But the FDA promotes the use of repurposed drugs.
And about 30% of all prescriptions written in the US are for off-label drugs.
And up until COVID,
It was no problem with the use of off-label drugs, but with COVID came in this new era that it became unacceptable using off-label drugs and repurposed drugs.
Next.
So the first myth we're going to talk about is, which is somewhat important, is people think that cancer is a genetic disease from genetic mutations, but it's actually a metabolic disease.
And so Travis Christopherson, who wrote this book, Tripping Over the Truth, basically summarizes it.
No researcher can point to any single mutation or combination of mutations and say with confidence that it is alone the cause of cancer.
So this is, you know, one of the myths that gets propagated that cancer is a genetic disease.
And then probably the most important is James Watson, who actually was one of the co-discoverers of the structure of DNA.
He basically said, we may have to turn our main research focus away from decoding genetic
instructions behind cancer and towards understanding the metabolism.
So the first thing, you know, which we need to understand, and this goes against the mainstream narrative, is that cancer is a metabolic disease.
Next.
And so, you know, this goes back to this biochemist Otto Werberg in 1924, and he got the Nobel Prize in 1931 for
his investigation into the metabolism of tumors, which we'll talk about in the next slide.
And this has been more recently popularized by Dr. Seyfried, you know, who's now probably the expert on, he's done enormous research on cancers and metabolic disease.
Next.

[SPEAKER_05]
So basically what happens in the normal cell
Um, and I quickly explained that use, you know, cell uses glucose, which goes to the mitochondria and uses oxygen to make ATP.
So it's really interesting.
And this is a really interesting phenomenon.
Every cancer cell, cancer cells cannot use oxygen to make ATP.
It's called the Warburg effect.
So, so that these cancer cells have a metabolic defect.
And they're highly dependent on glucose.
And so what we can do is we can utilize this phenomenon therapeutically in treating patients with cancer by depriving the cancer cell of glucose.
This is a really important concept.
And I know that you've dabbled with ketosis.
Part of the treatment of cancer is generating a is a ketotic diet because Cancer cells are so dependent on glucose next So why does this matter well, you know nearly two million people are going to be diagnosed with cancer in 2023 and in 2023 Approximately six hundred thousand people were expected to die of cancer next slide
And so the risk of getting cancer is increasing.
Cancer will become the commonest cause of death in Western people.
Currently, it's cardiovascular disease.
Cancer is just behind that.
But in the next 10 years, cancer will become the commonest cause of death.
So one out of two men and one out of three women will develop cancer in their lifetime.
So that's why this is now a really important
concept and important to deal with.
Next.
The bottom line though is 40 to 60 percent of cancers are preventable.
It's a preventable disease.
Now, obviously, people make a lot of money out of cancer, so they don't want you to know this.
And so, you know, the most important is insulin resistance and obesity underlies many cases of cancer.
And then smoking, alcohol, vitamin D is a really good link between processed foods and cancer.

[SPEAKER_04]
sugary drinks and pure fruit juices.
Exercise, stress and sleep are really important.
So there are things people can do to proactively reduce their risk of getting cancer.
Next.
And so there's some really good randomized controlled studies, you know, that the
the ivory tower standard on, you know, simple nutrients preventing cancer, you know, vitamin D, omega-3, green tea, melatonin, and metformin.
So there are a whole host of things that people can do depending on their risk to reduce their risk of cancer.
Next.
And so, you know, what I've done is I've put together this monograph, which basically goes through the interventions to limit the risk of cancer.
And then those who have cancer, you know, things that you can do.
Now, these are cheap, off label,
interventions that can be used either in parallel or as an alternative to the treatment of cancer.
So, you know, we start off with the low carbohydrate ketogenic diet, stress and exercise have been shown very effective,
vitamin D, melatonin, green tea.
So there is a list of repurposed drugs and nutraceuticals that have been shown to be very effective for the treatment of cancer.
But as you know, nobody's going to make money from these interventions.
So conventional oncologists don't want to talk about it.
But certainly people who have cancer, they need to, they need to investigate and read up and empower themselves because there's certain things they can do.
They can do that, you know, in conjunction with the oncologist or if the oncologist is not interested, you know, they can find a integrative physician who can help them.

[SPEAKER_03]
So I have a question.
Back up to that point.

[SPEAKER_04]
So that's really the last, you know, yep.

[SPEAKER_03]
So it talks about atorvastatin or simvastatin.
So both of those are, it would be considered to be statins, right?
And I talked to people who looked at statins and they say, oh, statins do not take a statin for cholesterol.
You don't want to lower your cholesterol, blah, blah, blah.
So are these statins at odds with that advice to avoid statins?

[SPEAKER_05]
So that's a really interesting question.
What you say is correct.
The data suggests that statins have no role in the treatment of cholesterol or for coronary artery disease.
but they really seem to be quite effective in the treatment of cancer because cancer cells are rapidly growing.
They need cholesterol for their cell membrane.
So if you use a statin in combination with many of these other drugs, it actually seems to have really quite potent anti-cancer effects.
So this goes against
This is a repurposed drug.
This goes against the standard narrative of, you know, using a statin for heart disease.
You know, what we suggesting is, you know, there may be a role for statins as a combination for the treatment of cancer.

[SPEAKER_03]
Interesting.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, and then so the last slide just really is, um, Livia is this is the book that, that, that I came out with.
You can get it on Amazon and you can download it from our website, which basically, you know, goes through the role of repurposed drugs and metabolic interventions in treating cancer.
And so, you know, I think, as I said, cancer is going to become a really big problem.
We know about the problem of turbo cancers.
So, you know, people can empower themselves to take control.
You can't trust the health care system.
You know, oncologists aren't going to tell you about these interventions because it's not in their financial best interests.
So that's just, you know, a quick overview, Steve, of the topic.
And so if you have questions, audience have questions, I'd be
happy to answer.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, the most obvious question is, OK, so if somebody follows the 12 things that you suggested and reduces glucose as much as possible by going on a ketogenic diet, are there any studies that actually show the, hey, let's do the randomized control trial or let's just do a case series on people who have had
you know, who are cancer victims and have extensive data.

[SPEAKER_05]
So I mean, if you just look at the ketogenic diet, the randomized controlled trials using a ketogenic diet, you know, in women with breast cancer, women with ovarian cancer, showing a benefit in terms of vitamin D, there's overwhelming data.
So almost all patients who who have developed cancer vitamin D deficient, the vitamin D

[SPEAKER_03]
Okay, sorry.
So they're randomized controlled trials.
No, no.
Yeah, but my question was, is there a trial on putting everything together?
Like, if you go in and you say, hey, let's do the, you know, the Merrick program, you know, for this, like, what happens?

[SPEAKER_05]
to people who do that, throw the whole book at it, right?
Yeah.
So that hasn't been done, but obviously that we would like that to be done.
There is a study that looked at vitamin D, omega-3 fatty acids, and exercise.
Those three interventions, randomized, double blind, randomized controlled study.
and showed that those three interventions reduce your risk of cancer by 60%.
60%.
So you would imagine that that kind of study would get the attention of people, attention of the medical system.
These are three simple interventions which reduce your risk of cancer by over 50%.
And it's in the literature, but it's hidden.
And so what you say is true.
There is no study really looking at adding all these components, but that's what our goal eventually is, is to get enough attention, get people's interest so we can do these studies.

[SPEAKER_03]
And so we don't do these studies because pharma can't profit from this because these are cheap, generic supplements, exercise, vitamin D. I mean, why isn't there a study?
shouldn't there be a study at some university that's funded by NIH, for example, to go and do a randomized trial like this?
And also, do all of these things, these 12 things, like if you have cancer, if you've come down with cancer and you start on this treatment, is it too late?
Or is this a preventative, but it's not going to help you if you have cancer?

[SPEAKER_05]
No, so so both.
So you can use these these interventions to prevent cancer.
But most certainly, if there's really good data that if you actually have cancer and you institute these interventions, that they will increase, improve the quality of your life.
they will improve the chances of you going into a remission.
There's really good data, but what you say is true.
Many of them are in isolation, but often they are combined with traditional chemotherapy.
So, you know, even if patients elect to have chemotherapy, you know, if they decide to
to you know use these as a junk to protocols it certainly improves the outcome is very good data that it combining a ketogenic diet with chemotherapy significantly improves the response rate.

[SPEAKER_03]
So why isn't there a study why is why isn't there a study that puts these twelve things together and you know does the randomized study on
and recruits volunteers just like any other randomized.

[SPEAKER_05]
I think you know, the reason you know, to do a randomized control study costs a lot of money.
And the NIH is, you know, but who went to the pharmaceutical company, it's not in their interests.
This is, you know, chemotherapy is big money, we talk about $100,000, at least per year per patient.
And so this is a big threat to them financially.
And so there's no financial incentive, you know,
Big Pharma's not interested in the NIH and CDC promoting health.
The health agencies aren't interested in health.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right.
So if I were to get an audience with the head of NIH, and I don't even know who the... Do you know who the head of NIH is nowadays?
You know, it used to be Francis Collins, but he's gone, right?
Yeah.
It's a good question.
Who's the replacement?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, yeah, I can't I read entry call.
Yes.

[SPEAKER_03]
I don't know either.

[SPEAKER_00]
They ignore us anyway.

[SPEAKER_03]
So yeah, no, no, no, but but I was just gonna say if if if we found out who was running NIH, and we were to get him in an interview, and we were to ask him the question like,
You know, this stuff seems to be all, you know, clinically proven, all of these things.
So Monica Bertagnoli, I've never heard of that name.
Wow.
There you go.
On May 15th, 2023, I mean, have you even heard of her name?
First time I've heard her name.

[SPEAKER_00]
Never heard of her.

[SPEAKER_03]
Paul.

[SPEAKER_02]
No, I've never heard of her.

[SPEAKER_03]
I thought I was out of touch, but that is, that's, that's unreal.
Okay.
So anyway, if, if I were to go to Monica and say, Hey Monica, you know, it looks like this stuff is each one of these things are clinically proven.
How about we fund a study that looks at all of them?
Cause they're all super safe.
You know, what would, what do you think she would say if she was, if cameras were rolling?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, it would be an interesting conversation.
She would find some reason to justify not doing it.
It's not in their best interest to
to, because they would be challenging the narrative.
Steve, you know that.
I mean, it's like the COVID narrative, it's going against the standard of care.
So, you know, we should just, I should just mention that, you know, that slide covered, you know, 12 of the most common or most important
repurposed drugs and nutraceuticals.
But in the book, I list about 30.
So there are many others that that are effective.
So there are an enormous number of repurposed drugs and nutraceuticals, which need to be tested for cancer.
Because you know, as I said, this is going to become a major health care problem across the world.
And, you know, people in
lower middle, lower and middle income countries can't afford the expensive chemotherapy that we use in this country.
So it's really going to become a medical priority.

[SPEAKER_02]
I flashed this slide earlier.
They are spending lots of money on cancer.
Pfizer invested $43 billion to battle cancer.
This was for March 13, 2023.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, first they created with the COVID vaccines and then they have a solution for that and that'll then
create other problems and then they'll have a drug for that as well.
I mean, this is so ridiculous.
This is like being the, you know, the rat on the, the little circular cage.
You keep running and running and you get run faster and faster and you're still in the same place.
This is so corrupt.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, you can see how they've captured medicine.
They cause the disease and then they develop expensive drugs to treat the diseases that they've caused.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right, and that drug causes new diseases and then they have a new drug for that.

[SPEAKER_00]
That's how they stay in business, Steve.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
So, Angela, do you want to say anything?
We should probably cut to questions.

[SPEAKER_02]
We got a lot of questions.

[SPEAKER_00]
The first thing that I want to say is I just am so grateful for Dr. Paul Merrick.
I mean, you know how much we love you, Paul.
And through the last couple of years, I know your protocols
inside out, I have used them on, you know, hundreds, if not thousands of patients and kept them safe and healthy.
And, you know, most people don't know this about Paul, but he, he, you know, like Steve, when Steve has a medical question for him and his family, he goes to me right away.
When I need something, I go to Paul because I know he's one of the best doctors in the entire world.
And Paul has been there for so many vaccine injured, not to mention cases, really difficult cases where I've had where I've had patients that have wanted to end their life.
And I've called Paul and I've said, Paul, you know, I have a really tough case.
I just, I would love for you to come on zoom and be face to face because I'm not enough to convince this person to stay alive with their vaccine injury.
And Paul immediately says, okay.
And the next thing I know, I'm on a Zoom meeting with Paul and a vaccine injured.
And just so you know, Paul, that patient is still alive and doing very well, thanks to you.
I can't thank you enough.

[SPEAKER_05]
I just want to mention, you know, just a little shout out to the FLCCC.
We have our conference February 2 to February 4 in Phoenix, Arizona.
And so, you know, this is going to be a much more interactive, much more personal conference.
And we are going to have a session on cancer.
And we have some exciting news because
Steve, we're going to be starting our own project.
You know, we can't wait for the NIH.
So we are putting together our own research project to look at repurposed drugs, because if we waited for the NIH to do it, it's never going to happen.
So, you know, we're going to announce the the the
this research project at our conference.
Awesome.

[SPEAKER_00]
I was there at the last one and it was fantastic.
It's like, you know, the best of the best doctors all in one place.
talking about treatments that work.
And even from that last conference that I was at last year, you know, I learned so much, even though I'm up to date on everything, it's just, it's truly a fabulous conference.
I recommend everybody going.
It's really, really, really good.
My favorite doctors are there, including you, Paul.
And so, yeah, I highly, highly recommend it.
And I thank you so much for all your work, all your research, everything that you do to put into
the protocols that you created to keep all of us healthy.
And I just thank you so much for that, even though you actually did give me COVID.
The funny thing, this is a true story, and Paul will probably be very mad at me for sharing this, but I've had COVID twice.
I did exceptionally well.
The first time I got COVID was from Pierre in LA, and I used the FLCCC protocol.
I actually had IV vitamin C along with Pierre in the hotel room, along with a vitamin D shot.
But the second time I got COVID was from you, Paul, when we were in Tennessee.
So you give me COVID and then you help me stay safe from it.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, you should have good natural immunity now, Angela.

[SPEAKER_00]
I do.
I'm grateful.

[SPEAKER_05]
That's the whole point.

[SPEAKER_00]
I'm grateful for you.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_00]
You gave me COVID and then you helped me treat it and build my immune system.
But speaking of repurposed drugs, what gets me is all these people talk about these repurposed drugs and how we're taking horse dewormer and how ridiculous it is.
I can tell you from being in the hospital, we used off-label drugs all the time.
I mean, in labor and delivery,
Mesoprostol is a drug that every single hospital in the United States uses to induce women that have unripened cervix.
Mesoprostol, if you look at the label, it says, do not use in pregnant women.
It's off-label, but it's standard of care to use this to ripen women's cervix.
We use it all the time in the hospitals and we do that with all sorts of drugs.
So for them to not recognize these amazing beneficial off-label drugs is
You know, it's definitely, mesoprostol is not FDA approved for pregnancy, but we use it, like I said, it's standard of care.
There's not one hospital in the United States that does not use that to induce.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, repurposed drugs are a big threat to the pharmaceutical industry.
And it was less of a problem before COVID, but now COVID, you know, basically shone a light because, you know, we had very effective
repurposed drugs, which were highly effective against COVID that were exceedingly safe.
And that was there was a threat to the vaccine industry and to remdesivir.
So they had to embark on this campaign to disparage repurposed drugs.

[SPEAKER_02]
I want to add to this anecdote, Paul, when you and I first met, it was January of 2021.
I went down to Houston to meet you and Paul to do an interview with Chris Martinson.
you had treated successfully patients with repurposed drugs.
You were so confident, and you even got the vaccine to show that you were pro-vaccine at the time.
And then you were slowly pulled down the rabbit hole, or actually rather quickly.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
So Steve asked, when did the light go on?
So I, in December of 2020, was vaccinated because
I believe what we were being told.
How naive could you be?
And I had no option at that time.
But it was pretty soon after that that I realized that we were lied to.

[SPEAKER_04]
And so that's really when the lights went on for me.

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, let's get to the first question because we got a lot.
And the first one is from Carolyn Perkins.
Is the Johnson and Johnson shot showing less incidence of the turbo cancer than the mRNA shots?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, so that's a good question.
And I don't think we really know.
It seems, you know, if you look at turbo cancers and, you know, there's not a lot of data, but it seems to be that it's after the booster.
So it seems that once patients get boosters, that's when the cancers appear.
And that may be because what happens with once you start boosting, it affects your T cells and causes immunosuppression.
So it interferes with the immune surveillance.
So it appears that it's after the boosters that one sees this rapid uptake of cancers.
And so, you know, obviously we're not seeing boosters with the, you know, the DNA vaccines.

[SPEAKER_03]
So you don't think it's after the primary series at all.
It's the boosters where you're seeing a lot of this.

[SPEAKER_05]
So I mean, we don't know, Steve, because we don't have a lot of good data.

[SPEAKER_03]
It's called lack of data transparency.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, it's not being well studied.
But it seems to be that there is an uptake after the booster.
There's a pathologist in the UK, Professor Dalglish, who is pretty well versed in this area.
And he thinks it's after the boosters because of the problem of immune suppression and interfering with immune surveillance.
But we do know of patients who've developed turbo cancers after the primary series.
So I think there are multiple mechanisms that leads to cancer.

[SPEAKER_02]
Dr. Merrick, I'm curious, before COVID, if you saw a lot of young people, like under the age of 50, getting cancer, I actually just did a search earlier today, and it's amazing how many articles in the mainstream there actually are about
cancer-striking young people, including today in the Wall Street Journal.
And I personally know at least four people that are younger than me who've just got this turbo cancer going.
How much of this did you see before COVID with young people?

[SPEAKER_05]
Particularly the certain cancers like
colorectal cancers that you don't see in young people.
And we've seen colorectal cancer in young people.
So this appears to be a manifestation of the vaccine.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
So Livio, in your case, these your friends who have these cancers, did they get the COVID vaccine?

[SPEAKER_02]
All of them.
And in a few cases, they know where I've stood and they still won't really talk about whether it was the vaccine or not.
They're just trusting the treatment that they're going through.
They're in shock.
And two of them are given like, if you do chemo, you might live for a couple years.
If you don't, it might be six months.
And they're accepting it, but they're in this shock and they won't discuss the vaccines because at this point, well, what can they do?
They did it.
They took it.
and it's hard work.

[SPEAKER_03]
They could warn other people.

[SPEAKER_02]
They could.

[SPEAKER_03]
Don't do this.
And are they triple vaxxed or quadruple vaxxed or what's their vaccination?

[SPEAKER_02]
At least the first two and a booster, at least in the cases that I know.
And I know another friend whose wife got Guillain-Barre after her second shot.
And Johns Hopkins University doctors came over.
I ran into my friend who told me about this.
I mentioned who I work with.
And the first thing he said to me is, well, yeah, we know it's probably, well, let me preface this.
I'm not anti-vax, but it was probably the vaccine.
And they're still afraid to just even discuss whether it was the vaccine or not.

[SPEAKER_05]
And Steve, the biggest problem, though, with the linkage between vaccination and cancers, we're not sure what the lag period is.
We know that for most adverse events, you see them within two weeks.
With cancers, we're not sure what the length of the delay is, maybe months or years.
And you think of all the kids that have been vaccinated, what is their lifetime risk of developing cancer?
That's the really scary question.
We just don't know.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, what's worse is that all of that data that would be in like you could query the Medicaid database.
You're not allowed, Paul, you're not allowed to query Medicare or Medicaid.
You're not allowed to query these databases.
These databases are held under lock and key.
And the only people that are given access to these databases are people who are doing studies that are designed to show that the vaccines are safe and effective.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_03]
Those are the only people granted access to the data and
Uh, you know, it just makes me so mad, um, that we live in a society where the access to the data transparency, it's data access is only granted to people who are singing the praises of the narrative and, and people like me, um, they, you know, no way they're not going to give me access.

[SPEAKER_02]
Question from many people.
So I'll just ask it.
Dr. Merrick, what are your thoughts on Dr. Hayter's IVM Fenbenzol baking soda cancer protocol?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, so we prefer mabendazole, which is the cousin to fembendazole.
So fembendazole is an anti-parasitic used for animals.
So we obviously can't recommend veterinary medicine.
The other problem is fembendazole has some degree of liver toxicity, which mabendazole doesn't.
So our preference is mabendazole.
We know that a lot of people use Fembendazole.

[SPEAKER_04]
It is a veterinary product, and so if they choose to use it, you know, that's okay, but we can't recommend it.
What we do recommend is Mabendazole, which is the human-grade antiparasitic.
It just so happens that Ivermectin, you know,
horse dewormer that I can't talk about, actually is highly effective for the treatment of cancer.
And so, you know, we now have a growing body of anecdotes.
You know, it first started with one anecdote, but, you know, I'm aware of at least 100 anecdotes of patients with solid tumors treated with ivermectin
that have had a remarkable response.
And so we are going to talk about this at our conference because it's just such a strange coincidence.

[SPEAKER_03]
Was Ivermectin on your slides at all?
I don't think I noticed that.
Yes.

[SPEAKER_04]
So what I was going to say is if it wasn't on the slide because it's somewhat lower down in the list, but in place of or in conjunction with mabendazole, we would now recommend using Ivermectin.

[SPEAKER_03]
So I wanted to ask you since since we brought up Dr. Heider, he has this vitamin C protocol.
And Paul, you know something about vitamin C. So I'm really curious.
You know, Dr. Heider has posted on
uh on x he made this post recently it's there was a pretty big post he said you know i basically i i take like 30 grams i mean or 40 grams all all you know as fast as i can take it so if i get sick or an infection and he says every single time
within 24 hours, the you know, the infections gone.
He said, you know, with the virus, bacterial infection, whatever.
He says it's the most amazing thing.
He says it's the only thing that works consistently.
Do you have a comment on that?
I mean, it's a lot of vitamin C. And he takes it he basically says take till tolerance meaning
You know, you're gonna you're gonna have loose stools, you're gonna go diarrhea if you take too much vitamin C. He says, you know, take it up to what you can tolerate.
And different people have different tolerance levels.
But he says it's it's it's it's a miracle worker.
I would love to get your comment on that.
So this is not IV vitamin C, which you're the the expert on.

[SPEAKER_05]
And is he taking PO oral vitamins?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So I mean, there is data.
I mean, oral vitamin C, you know, you have to, it has limited absorption.
So you have to keep on taking multiple doses.

[SPEAKER_04]
But, you know,
it seems to work really well for respiratory infections.
IV vitamin C, particularly in very high doses, has a role in the treatment of cancer.
So I only listed 12, but in the book, we have about 30, and IV vitamin C is part of the list.
And it works differently
when given intravenously as when given orally.
So there is a place for high dose IV vitamin C in the treatment of cancer.

[SPEAKER_05]
It works particularly well in patients who are getting chemotherapy.

[SPEAKER_00]
One thing that you have to do is a G6PD test prior to doing high dose.
So that is a test that needs to be done prior to doing high dose vitamin C just to make sure that it's safe.
And most doctors that do high dose vitamin C will do that test on you prior to taking it.

[SPEAKER_03]
Sorry, what was the name of the test?

[SPEAKER_00]
It's G six PD.

[SPEAKER_03]
Wow, I've never heard of that.
What is that?

[SPEAKER_00]
I've actually told you to have you get your doctor to order it so that if we ever needed to give you high dose vitamin C. Do you want to comment on that, Paul?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, so it's an enzyme defect in red blood cells.
So it's generally recommended if you use high dose vitamin C that you check your G6 PD level.
It's a particular enzyme in red blood cells.
So nurse Angela is right.

[SPEAKER_02]
Question from Emerson BT, Dr. Merrick, please elaborate on how stress exacerbates cancer and other illnesses.
Does it reduce the immune system or something else?
Yeah, it's a good question.

[SPEAKER_05]
I mean, there's really good data on stress reduction programs, meditation,
yoga, having clinical trials showing that it improves outcome.
It improves the rate of remission.
And presumably, it has to do with the stress response.
So you're attenuating the stress response.
You may be altering the tumor microenvironment.
But there's really good sound data that relaxation techniques, good sleep, exercise, an exercise program
You know, women with breast cancer who embark on an exercise program have a much higher risk or chances of going into remission with less metastases.
So these lifestyle interventions are really important in improving the outcome of patients with cancer.

[SPEAKER_00]
Well, the thing with that too is that when you're under stress, you produce adrenaline and your cortisol levels go up, which increase your sugars.
And so it's good for our body to have this kind of fight or flight mechanism for when we need it.
But when you're under chronic stress, where it's day to day, it can be really harmful for your health.
It increases your blood pressure, leads to diabetes, heart attacks, strokes.
And so stress is huge.
And it's one of the things that we have to actually learn how to control because we're always gonna be, you know, we'll always have stress in our lives.
And so like Paul said,
You know, getting outside, getting fresh air, getting exercise, having meaningful relationships, having good mental health.
One of the things, you know, if you don't have good mental health, you're not going to have good physical health.
And, you know, people ask, well, how do I do that?
One of the things that you can do is actually practice gratitude.
And it sounds like I'm from Northern California, Granola, but being grateful.
You know, this is like my t-shirt, grateful, being grateful, every day wake up and think about what you're grateful for, having a positive mindset because, you know,
I'm from a country, obviously, Seychelles Islands, an African country, and being grateful doesn't necessarily correlate with having money and having all these wonderful things in your life.
I see kids in my country where they're dirt poor.
They have food and they have shelter, but that's it.
But they're the most happy, grateful,
kids and so if you can just wake up every day and be grateful for what you do have, have meaningful relationships, do nice things for other people, that makes you actually feel better about yourself.
Those are ways of boosting your mental health and that will actually improve your physical health and balancing.
Like I said, we're going to all have stress, but if you balance the stress with good, happy hormones, that helps your physical health as well.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, Olivia, what nurse Angela says in terms of chronic stress is really important, you know, because the flight and flight response was designed to be short term.
Chronic ongoing stress is very destructive, you know, for all the reasons that Angela said with inflammatory.
you know, chronic elevation of your stress hormones.
So that's why, you know, relaxation techniques, techniques, you know, exercise is really good in terms of de-stressing.
So, you know, multiple lifestyle interventions to deal with stress and is really important.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
Self-care right at the top of the list.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
I wanted to ask about methylene blue.
It came out in the chat and I was at a FLCCC conference last year.
Yeah, where I heard about that.
I'm really curious.
Um, cause, cause I've also seen some stuff that says, uh, you know, it's a nothing burger.
Um, what's your, what's your thought on, on methylene blue, Paul?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
So there is some interesting data on methylene blue, and it's one of the things we recommend in the vaccine injured.
Um, it certainly, uh, has.
physiological and pharmacological effects and one of the things that does quite well is improves mitochondrial function and so we know that with
You know, the vaccine injured and the spike protein, it causes mitochondrial injury.
And so there are very few interventions that actually directly improve mitochondrial function.
So methylene blue is one of them.
So there is pretty good data on methylene blue.
The only precaution is you have to be careful when using it with an SSRI.
That is not a good combination, can cause really severe or fatal serotonin syndrome.
But otherwise, it's pretty safe and many vaccine injured appear to improve with methylene blue.

[SPEAKER_03]
Should regular people take it?
Do you take it yourself?

[SPEAKER_05]
No, I think there's specific indications.
I would only recommend it in someone with chronic fatigue syndrome.
People who have mitochondrial injuries, mitochondrial disease, I would suggest using it.

[SPEAKER_00]
I know a lot of athletes that do use it.
I don't know if you remember, Steve, when we had, um, Joseph Arthur on for our rumble fun, he came on and he had a blue tongue is like picture perfect of health.
He does all the right things.
He does cold plunges.
He's all about immune health.
And he came on our show and he was like, I'm a little bit embarrassed about my blue tongue, but he had just been to his, his center that day and had some methyl and blue orally and how that he looked like he had just had a,

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, what Andrew says is to it does these data that improves exercise performance, just because of the effect on improving mitochondrial function.
But you know, I would start something I would recommend, you know, like vitamin D or vitamin C on a regular basis.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yep.

[SPEAKER_00]
I personally don't take it.

[SPEAKER_02]
Speaking of alternative treatments, can you, Paul, comment on the recent paper claiming hydroxychloroquine caused 17,000 deaths?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, this is a hit job.
We know it's a hit job.
And so, you know, this is part of the misinformation.
It's written by, you know, the other side, they want to, you know, paint these safe
repurpose drugs in a bad light.
So firstly, hydroxychloroquine shouldn't be used in hospitalized patients.
It should be used in the early phase of COVID.
So they concocted the study.

[SPEAKER_02]
Didn't they give it to a bunch of people who were older and waited a long time and they were already pretty much going to die.
So then they loaded them up with hydroxychloroquine so they could say that it was that that killed them.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
I mean, it's really a bizarre study.
It got some attention because that was the goal was to try and disparage the use of hydroxychloroquine.

[SPEAKER_03]
You know, Paul, I had a question for you.
You know, now that you're a member of the Red Pill group,
What do you think?
You know, they used to, they always said that, Hey, like half the stuff in peer reviewed journals is garbage.
Like, what do you, what did you think before in terms of the peer reviewed journals, stuff in peer reviewed journals versus what do you think now?
Like, what do you think that, that, that, you know,
But legit stuff in a peer-reviewed journal is versus the not legit stuff.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_05]
So you asked such a really interesting question.
I mean, I used to believe that the New England Journal of Medicine came from heaven.
It was the gospel.
Everything that was written was the truth.
That's what we were led to believe.
I now don't believe a single thing that's written in the New England Journal of Medicine.
So that tells you how things have changed.
And so, you know, Prof. Ayanidis, I think he's at Stanford, has basically said that about 90% of what's published is fabricated and false and not true.
And so he may be true.
He may be correct.
So you have to be very careful in what you read and believing everything you read in the medical journals.

[SPEAKER_02]
Next week is Davos and Paul, I wanted to get your take on one of the presentations they're going to have.
I'm sharing the wrong screen, hang on, here it is.
Yeah, they're going to have a presentation preparing for disease X with fresh warnings from the World Health Organization that an unknown disease X could result in 20 times more fatalities than the coronavirus pandemic.
What novel efforts are needed to prepare health care systems for the multiple challenges ahead?
Did they call and ask you to come sit in on that panel?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yes.
I mean, they're obviously up to their shenanigans again.
Look at the speakers.

[SPEAKER_03]
Is that the speakers for preparing for disease X?
Yeah, that's what those are the little.

[SPEAKER_00]
I know it's going to happen before it happens.

[SPEAKER_03]
You know what they should be doing is they should be dismantling the WHO.
I mean, that'd be like the first thing that you would do is to prepare because you would get rid of the WHO.

[SPEAKER_02]
Has Tedros ever even treated a patient?
I don't understand.

[SPEAKER_00]
I just wonder how they can predict this.
How do they know it's going to happen?

[SPEAKER_02]
20 times.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, Angela, they knew that they had the simulation 201.
They were predicting COVID and they knew.
So they somehow are fortune tellers.

[SPEAKER_00]
They are.
They have that crystal magic ball.
They know.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_00]
Good for them.

[SPEAKER_02]
All right.
I got one more question for you, Paul, cause I know it's getting late and you've been so generous with your time.
Uh, from Jay Hosea one, do any institutions recognize the link between the jabs and the cancer uptake, or is it only being recognized by individual doctors?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, so that's a really good question.
You know, pathologists have seen this.
You speak to pathologists, they will tell you they've seen an uptake of aggressive tumors, tumors in young people, unusual tumors.
But if you actually go to Wikipedia, because I had a look, it basically says that this is a conspiracy of the anti-vaxxers.
that this is being made up.
And that's the general, you know, thought.
You know, there are a few people that have spoken out, you know, Professor Angus del Glish, who's a really well known UK pathologist has spoken out about this, we know Ryan Cole has spoken out about it.
But it hasn't really got the acceptance that it should.
But you know what, with time, I think you can't, you won't be able to hide these cancers.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
You know, my, my, my Christmas wish is, Hey, can I have a debate with epidemiologists?
Like if Harvey rich were to challenge an epidemiologist and say, Hey, let's debate about the New Zealand data or let's debate about the Medicare data.
Like those two debates can't happen, right?
Like the epidemiologist would, would turn down a debate challenge from another epidemiologist, right?
Similarly, if a doctor were to challenge another doctor, you can't challenge anyone, Paul, to a debate to say, hey, let's talk about COVID treatment protocols and debate your peers.
Can you even do that?
They won't show up, right?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
It's a really interesting question you ask because in the old days, that's pre
Pre-COVID, at our scientific meeting, we actually used to have debates.
People would give opposite points of view, and you would have a debate.
And that's the way things were done.
It was fine to have dissenting opinions and for people to have a debate.
It seems that that's not acceptable anymore.
Everyone has to be on the same page.

[SPEAKER_03]
It's so corrupt.
So corrupt.

[SPEAKER_02]
So corrupt.
It's maddening.
Well, Dr. Merrick, it's been a great joy and honor to have you on VSRF Live tonight.

[SPEAKER_05]
Thank you, Lévié.
It's always a pleasure to see you and Steve and Nurse Angela.

[SPEAKER_00]
It's so wonderful to see you, Paul.
Stick around for the next five minutes or so.
I'm going to go over some of the wellness tips and go over some other things from Paul Merrick, but yeah, we just so appreciate you, Paul, and we value you and thank you for all that you've done.
You've been such a huge lifesaver for the vaccine injured, for the COVID positive patients, for the people just wanting to get healthy.
You were a pioneer and you're a legend, so thank you.

[SPEAKER_05]
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
And I want to put one last reminder for the conference in February.
Thank you, Paul.
All right.

[SPEAKER_00]
So to, you know, to, to carry on with what, you know, Paul was saying, I, I love, you know, I hate taking supplements.
I really on, I detest it.
So I try to use food as medicine and, um, you know, the best things that people can do is to try and, you know, eat organic,
I'm non GMO trying to eat local close to your home and really nutrient dense food.
So Paul was talking about with like Omega threes.
I don't like like I said, I don't like taking supplements.
So for me with the Omega is I actually will just take some oat milk and put some chia seeds and maple syrup.
um, some, uh, vanilla and I'll just put it in a little dish and put it in the fridge overnight.
And that's my omega threes.
And this was what I feed my daughter, put some bananas or some fruit on top.
It's, it's delicious.

[SPEAKER_02]
Can you repeat what's in there one more time?

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.
So it's just oat milk or any type of, uh, you know, whole milk or, um, you know,
some sort of dairy with some chia seeds.
Black seeds are also really high in omegas, but chia seeds are great.
Kids love them.
It's just a great, great breakfast.
So it's chia seeds, oat milk, vanilla, and a good grade maple syrup.
That's what I use for omegas.
The other thing that's really, really important is gut health.
And the reason why gut health is so important is
Our immune system is our largest organ that regulates our immune system.
Like 70 to 80% of our immune cells live in our gut.
And so it's really important to feed our gut healthy and well.
And one of the things that I love is broth.
And so I don't know, Livia, if you could put up that recipe.
for bone broth, this is from Pediatric Alternatives and it's one of the easiest things to do.
If you have leftover organic bones like chicken or beef or pork, put it after you're done eating it, just put it in the freezer and when you have time on a weekend, put that in a crop pot or a pot and fill it with water, add a couple tablespoons of vinegar and leave it there, you know, six hours, eight hours, 12 hours, the longer the better.
keep it on the stove, and the great benefit of broth is that it has amazing minerals and proteins that our body can easily absorb.
So once you're done leaving it on the stove all day long, then you want to put it in the refrigerator, remove the fat, and with that fat, you can actually use that for cooking.
So instead of using vegetable fat, which is horrible, any of the vegetable oils are just horrible for your body, use that fat, store it, put it in the freezer,
And then you can use it for all sorts of things.
You can use it to cook rice.
You can use it for ramen.
Kids love ramen.
So that's what I use.
I kind of sneak it in.
I make ramen with it.

[SPEAKER_02]
And it tastes good when you cook with it.

[SPEAKER_00]
It's really good.
It's actually a staple for most restaurants.
Any of the really good restaurants have stock.
So there is a great recipe.
I also have another one that comes from a cancer book that is a mineral for those people that are vegan.
I have a vegan recipe as well that I'll share that I got from Pediatric Alternatives.
They're wonderful.
Those are great things.
The other thing you also want to do is have things on hand ahead of time.
You know, have your vitamin C, have your vitamin D. We put a link in the chat for my favorites that come from pediatric alternatives and they also go along with what FLCCC says.
So vitamin C, the one that I really like is this immune drink.
It has 4,000 grams of vitamin C and it tastes
taste just like a lemonade.
It's good to have.
This is the brand of vitamin D that I like.
It's liquid vitamin D3 with vitamin K. If you want to pull up the Winter Wellness Livio, we can kind of scroll down and I'll show.
And just a disclaimer, I don't have any relationships or I don't get any kickbacks at all from any of these companies.
These are just my favorites to have on hand.
Get them ahead of time.
And also one of the things too with the bone broth, always have it in your freezer because you don't want to have to be making this when you're sick.
So just keep it in your freezer at all times.
And I recommend doing it in two cups or a quart because that's usually what you would need.
And do it in glass.
Don't ever put anything in plastic.
So fill it two thirds full so that it doesn't
crack and then you can defrost it overnight.
So if you go up Livio, that's the vitamin D that I actually use that brand right there.
It's this one here.
And then if you go up the vitamin C is right there.
It's sufficient vitamin C. I love that.
The other thing that you can do if you
don't have that and actually is what I'm drinking now because everybody around me is sick, is just take a little bit of fresh lemon or fresh lime, add a little bit of maple syrup to it and drink it.
It's really delicious and you get it naturally.
So here's a great list.
Elderberry syrup is wonderful.
It's also on the FLCC protocol.
You take that four times a day.
Zinc is great, but the one thing with the zinc there is that you only actually want to take that when you're sick.
it does decrease the viral replication.
So you want to get that early on when you're sick, but it's not one of those things that you want to take regularly because it can deplete your copper.
So something to take when you're, when you're sick, also when you're sick, you know, you want to have zinc on a full stomach.
So a lot of times when people are ill, they don't want to eat a whole lot.
So you definitely don't want to have that on an empty stomach because it'll make you very nauseous.

[SPEAKER_02]
The link to this website, everyone is in the chat.
Our team is putting it in the chat, just so if you can't keep up with my scrolling.

[SPEAKER_00]
And then melatonin, I love that.
It's one of the things that I actually take every night.
I use the pure form of it.
I don't know if it's actually even on this list, but Paul Merrick loves it.
And I take anywhere between five and 10.
Here's the brand that I use.
It's pure.
The one thing with melatonin is it can give you funny dreams.
So just kind of gauge your dose based on, you know, start at five and then go from there.

[SPEAKER_02]
But those are- You know, unless you're into funny dreams, maybe that's okay.

[SPEAKER_00]
I know.
It actually gives me nightmares.
So I try and stay around five milligrams of melatonin.
I don't go for the higher doses because I get really crazy dreams with it.
But the important thing is having all of these tools at hand, having them ahead of time.
Don't wait until you're sick to get them in your house.
Always keep bone broth on and exercise, sleep well, get a great eight hours of sleep a night, exercise every single day, get some sunshine and have meaningful relationships.
And so far, all of the patients that have reached out to us and have needed help with COVID and being sick for the winter,
have done really, really well.
So it's one of those things that it's not fun to be sick, but it's something that you can get through.
It'll build your immune system and there's ways of dealing with it.
And then also being as healthy as you can, keeping your weight down.
Now is the time to be as healthy as we possibly can be.
So that exercise is really, really critical.

[SPEAKER_02]
Thank you for all that amazing information.
And we're going to need it because it's so many sick people around us that we need to keep our bodies healthy.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.
And you know, here in America, it's like we spend so much money on healthcare and we are the sickest country.
So it goes back to the basics.
We just need to get healthy.
And what we do is we actually do the opposite.
We, there's all these fast food restaurants, they serve crap in schools and colleges and horrible food.
And so,
We need to go back to just really treating our body with love and respect and feeding it well and doing all of the right things.
People will do just fine through the winter and through these COVID days of getting through it.

[SPEAKER_02]
Steve, what are you doing to keep yourself fit and healthy besides skiing?
Oh, you're muted.
our master engineer can't find the unmute button.
Yeah, there it is.
Can I tell you a little secret?

[SPEAKER_00]
He does have a little bit of a sweet tooth.
When I've been around Steve and he goes to reach for those sweets, I tell him he can't have it.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
I tried to eat right, eat healthy, eat one or two meals a day, not three meals a day, get exercise, sleep.
I have an aura ring that tells me that I'm deficient.
It's, I'll tell you, it's really hard because I'm under a lot of stress because I'm writing these articles and I'm just so, it upsets me so much that, uh, we're, uh, that so many people are dying because of the, of the, this, um, the horrible advice that we're getting from our health authorities.
So that just keeps me up.
Um, that really impacts my sleep.
So, you know, it's, it's, it's trying to do the right things, trying to take the, uh, the right supplements and, and, and so forth.
So.

[SPEAKER_02]
Couple of announcements I want to make before we sign off tonight.
Reminder that tickets are on sale for the second COVID litigation conference coming to Las Vegas, March 7th and 8th.
And also immediately following the COVID litigation conference is the Freedom Economy Platform and Convention Free Platform.
A groundbreaking new trade show and conference is coming to Las Vegas right after CLC2.
The Freedom Economy Convention from the team that brought you Defeat the Mandates Replatform Vegas is a three-day event where you will connect with the most innovative businesses in the parallel economy as we build an uncancelled America.
That's March 8th through the 10th in Las Vegas.
To learn more, go to replatformvegas.com.
And before, if I didn't mention it, for the COVID litigation, it is the replatform.org slash clc-i.
And our team will put those links in the chat.
And there's another announcement here that I need to mention that Twitter Spaces, we're not having Twitter Spaces tonight.
After the show, Mary Talley Bowden, who's been on our show before, is doing a space with Tom Slouch and the candidates who are calling for the shots to be pulled from the market.
Her space starts at 9 o'clock.
And then next Thursday, we have another great show with Nurse Whistleblowers.
We will have about 10 nurses here to talk to us.
about what they saw firsthand in the hospitals during COVID and how the reality on the ground was quite different from the frightful portrayals of the pandemic on mainstream news next Thursday.
And we'll be both here on Rumble and we're also streaming on X.
We started the silent stream tonight.

[SPEAKER_03]
It'll be great.
And hospital CEOs from all over the country will be listening to that episode.
Just kidding.

[SPEAKER_00]
We have nurses from like the epicenter in New York.
We have nurses that work the COVID floor.
We have respiratory therapists coming on.
We have all these brave truth tellers that are going to be coming on telling what they actually saw and experienced from inside the hospitals, telling the truth.

[SPEAKER_03]
And, you know, we should do Angela is invite, have an open invitation.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
to the CEOs of like Kaiser Permanente, like let's invite all of these people to that episode where we can have a discussion between these workers and the CEOs.
I think that'd be really special.
I know.

[SPEAKER_02]
Even if one were to show up, just one.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
Even if one were to show up like, but we should do the invites.
We should send up the invites and say, you know, Hey, here's the list of people who are going to be on, you know, we'd love to have you or your representative there to get your reaction and to get your response.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.
And I have a, I have a great lineup.
I mean, these nurses and respiratory therapists are, have worked in hospitals for decades.
And these are not, like all of us, none of us are anti-vaxxers.
We are pro-science.
You and I, Steve, we took the vaccine.
We didn't get into this movement being anti-vaxxers.
It's really insulting when people say that because we took the vaccine.
But these people that we have coming on are just fabulous.
They're incredible.
Several of them are in the book, What the Nurses Saw.
And I really commend
you know, these brave nurses and we have, I mean, I have a list of doctors too that we'll have to do another show with what the doctors saw.
Obviously Dr. Merrick is one of them, but, um, you know, it's, it's just going to be fabulous to, to really hear.
And I, and I hope and encourage all of the rest of the nurses out there because we hear it.
Like I hear it from the nurses that are working in the hospitals.
They're just not brave enough to come forward.
And I, and I understand that I have empathy and compassion because everybody does need to feed their families.
But,
I really appreciate those ones that are able to come forward and tell the truth with what they're seeing.
And, you know, it even goes to the corrupt charting systems, the corruption of the charting systems and how they manipulate the data so that they can lie to the public about what's going on inside the hospitals.
So it'll be a great episode.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
Looking forward to next week.
So Steve, are you tracking this Aaron Jones feud with Jimmy Kimmel?

[SPEAKER_03]
I'm going to close though.

[SPEAKER_02]
The feud with Kimmel is...
irrelevant to the clip I'm gonna play, but Aaron Rodgers goes on this show, the Pat McAfee show every week, and he said something about Jimmy maybe being on a list, Epstein list, and actually he didn't say it directly that way, but it was taken out of context.
But during this last show, Pat McAfee checked him on his comment about Anthony Fauci.
And what I'm going to play is about nine to 10 minutes of Roger's response to Pat McAfee about Fauci.
And it's brilliant.
And so it's the way we're going to end tonight.
And he just covers a timeline and he covers the data in such a perfect way.
This is how we're going to end it tonight with this.
Stick around and watch this.
If you haven't seen it yet, you'll want to see this.
And Steve, thank you.
Nurse Angela, thank you.
You guys are awesome.
And looking forward to seeing you again next week.

[SPEAKER_00]
All right.

[SPEAKER_02]
Have a great rest of your weekend, everyone, and a great weekend.
Good night.

[SPEAKER_00]
Have a wonderful week.
Take care, everyone.

[SPEAKER_07]
there's a few things that i'm gonna have to uh check you on in there okay as you're going please you as you're going through there i was making a checklist for the cnbc folks you know the whole the whole crew you said that uh anthony fochie was the biggest spur of misinformation
I remember he was thrown on opening pitches terribly, worst of all time.
He was the guy, he was the one giving the information.
And then he said, that's proven to be wrong.
I assume you're referring to some studies or something that you have found and obviously you've invested a lot of time in because you've been called a murderer, a killer for not getting the vaccine.
I assume you've paid close attention.
If you'd like to expand upon that particular statement that you made early in your response there,

[SPEAKER_01]
I think that'd be good for all parts.

[SPEAKER_07]
I don't know if he wants me to, but yeah.
No, this is what I'm supposed to, right?
And I'm supposed to...

[SPEAKER_01]
Yes, this is journalism.
Let me indulge you.
First of all, there are dozens of studies that have done by reputable places that have been published in reputable journals that talk about a variety of different subjects, including the efficacy of masking,
efficacy of lockdowns, efficacy of a number of different medicines, repurposed medicines, antiviral, anti-malaria medicines, stuff that was used all over the world.
In order for the vaccines to get emergency authorization, emergency use authorization, the EUA, this is what people don't understand.
It had to be that there were zero early treatments that worked against COVID.
So what did Dr. Fauci say?
There was nothing.
There was nothing they could do.
This is the protocol.
Somebody gets sick, send them home until they got really horrible symptoms and then bring them back and put them on remdesivir, which is $3,000 per dose, and a ventilator.
And the statistics are staggering about people who went, especially on ventilator, especially the elderly.
And it's devastating and extremely sad.

[SPEAKER_07]
I remember those times when people weren't allowed to go into the hospital and see their family.

[SPEAKER_01]
I know it's crazy, and this is maybe an old way of doing things, but
I enjoy reading and when I'm reading something, I may be delivering a message but I'm not delivering as my own.
I didn't come up with any of these facts.
I wasn't in the weeds.
I'm not an epidemiologist, a virologist.
I'm not any of those things.
I'm just someone who's interested in certain topics I like to read and then I take other people's ideas and opinions.
and contemplate them and think about whether they're true or not, what feels true to me, and then I'll make my own beliefs off of that.
I know it's a weird way of thinking, and the idea of even doing your own research was vilified for a while, which is crazy, but I enjoy reading.
I read studies about this.
I've read books.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.'s book about Fauci is incredible.
It also doesn't paint him in the right light.
I haven't seen Dr. Fauci file a lawsuit yet.
I know RFK Jr. personally.
I know he researched and made sure that his comments and studies were peer-reviewed by a number of different people so that you don't get sued.
But it doesn't paint him in the best light.
And yes, I believe that he had a financial incentive to not push ivermectin and HCQ and monoclonal antibodies and zinc and vitamin D and vitamin C, all stuff that was used all over the world.
I'm talking about in Japan, in Brazil, in Mexico, in Uttar Pradesh, in India, a state that has 230 million people and at one point it had less than like 10 COVID cases active.
When we were having thousands every single day, like look at Africa.
The continent of Africa had very low numbers and many people think that Africa, there's parts of their very third world, right?
But what do they do?
Every single, most of them, the part of their routine is to take anti-malaria drugs.
And when you get into a pandemic, this is, again, all I've read.
I'm not a virologist.
I'm not a doctor, right, in the sense.
But I am interested, and I've read these things.
And they take a lot of anti-malaria drugs because malaria is a problem in Africa, and anti-malaria drugs repurposed
the repurposed nature of them have been seen to stop viral replication and actually do well against COVID.
But if that were the case, then these billion dollar vaccines, one of which in particular, Dr. Fauci had a significant financial stake in, wouldn't have been cleared for EUA and they wouldn't have been able to be pushed out.
They would have to go through the normal process of vaccines
which is multi-year studies of efficacy, to develop a safety profile.
That didn't happen.
So that's my problem.
I don't know why more people aren't upset with that.
Everybody who lost people to COVID, everybody who dealt with the draconian measures.
And that's my last point.
Then I just want to fucking move on.
But it's like, people are always like, why are you still talking about COVID?
Why don't you just move on?
It's ridiculous.
I'm like, well, let's see what happened.
They locked everybody up forever.
It was supposed to be a couple of weeks, right?
They locked everybody up.
Hundreds of thousands of businesses closed and never opened again.
Many of dozens of people that I know in their 30s, you know, who poured everything into these small businesses and restaurants and bars and never opened again.
So they lost everything.
They were out on their ass, right?
The wealth gap got even bigger from the haves and have nots.
They lied to us over and over.
They vilified early treatments.
They censored legitimate doctors in the space, like Dr. Peter McCullough, like Dr. Corey, like Dr. Robert Malone, who allegedly was there in the beginning of the mRNA technology.
And so many more people than that, the Alex Berensons of the world, the Weinsteins of the world, who were writing about this, talking about this, Brett Weinstein, and had an informed opinion about this.
I mean, they were arresting people who were surfing in California.
They closed the beaches.
When 80, I mean, I don't know what percentage, but probably 60% or more of the country is vitamin D deficient.
and vitamin D does well against the common cold, as does vitamin C, as does zinc, as does the number of home remedies that we all have.
But no, stay inside, wait for this vaccine, which is 100% safe and effective, which they told us.
So my whole point is, listen, they lied to us.
Uh, many times over they, uh, locked us up.
They, uh, closed our businesses.
They increased the mental health issues exponentially.
The, uh, the rates of suicide went way up and, and they're just like, they vilified us.
The draconian things that, uh, you know, the ridiculous shut down, you know, we lost billions of dollars.
There's no, there's no NFL owners who are mad about this.
Now that we look back and go, Oh,
Well, maybe we could have stopped this with a little like early treatments or like not given remdesivir and, you know, a ventilator to these patients.
Maybe like, you know, treat like the common cold where you, you know, you have symptoms and you start doing something about it, you treat it.
And I have a problem with that.
I have a problem with that because now people are just like, oh, just move on.
Just brushing on the rug.
It's like, well, I have many apologies.
Not by that guy in ABC.
and not by, you know, any of these people who are still, you know, I mean, LA County, we just put, uh, mask mandates back in.
I mean, how many, how many, how many studies have we seen now from all over the world that show the lack of efficacy of

[SPEAKER_07]
Masks hey real quick talking about real quick your usage of efficacy today has really showcased your intelligence I want to let you know that you've used it in a phenomenal fashion I assume you did it because you have become the paragon of conspiracy theories from all these people and My intelligence has been has been attacked and I might need to grab my you know my

[SPEAKER_01]
my transcripts that I used to get into junior college.

[SPEAKER_07]
I thought that was pretty clever actually.
I will say and I did check you there which obviously seems like you have a little bit more research than maybe any other human that exists outside of the potential doctors.

[SPEAKER_01]
There's way more people are well read and I read their stuff
But one of my favorite things, one of my favorite things, and I'll end with this, and I promise I don't want to... No, no, there's one more thing I have to...
Okay, well then let me get this in.
Like, people are always like, you're not a doctor, you're not a virologist, you're not an epidemiologist.
I'm like, I'm not.
But you know what all those people would say?
Natural infection and recovery gives you way more robust, long-lasting, sometimes for life, immune response than any vaccine will ever give you.
