[UNKNOWN]
Oh!

[SPEAKER_09]
Tell me who you are

[UNKNOWN]
Oh, oh, oh, oh
Who are you?

[SPEAKER_07]
Tonight on VSRF Live, Steve Kirsch is joined by renowned World Health Organization experts Dr. Kat Lindley and James Roguski to discuss the looming May 24th pandemic preparedness agreement.

[SPEAKER_13]
In the past, the World Health Organization would give advice, and they would say, well, we think this is happening.
We think this is what you need.
They have crossed out the wording non-binding, and this non-binding advice now becomes obligatory recommendations.
And in the document itself, the word shell has been written 168 times.
So they say, if this happens, the member states shall do this.
So the whole relationship that they had with the member states where they used to be an advisory organization now really becomes an organization that dictates how certain measures would be taken if there is another public health emergency.

[SPEAKER_04]
They have no idea that what they're actually arguing for will harm people's health rather than improve it.
And so what they're negotiating for is the intellectual property,
and the financial resources and the investment capital.
They're not talking to doctors about how do you properly share information so that you can learn how to treat any ailment.
They just want to build out the pharmaceutical industry so that they get more of what we're trying to stop.

[SPEAKER_07]
Hello and welcome to VSRF Live, I'm Livio Sanchez.
Tonight, I am thrilled to introduce two remarkable individuals who are both at the forefront of reimagining healthcare and advocating for positive change.
President and founder of the Global Health Project, Dr. Kat Lindley and researcher, author and natural health proponent, James Rogusky.
They have both been closely monitoring and reporting about the World Health Organization and together they bring a wealth of knowledge and insight to the table.
But first, I'd like to bring on VSRF founder, Steve Kirsch.
Hey Steve, welcome to VSRF Live.
Oh, you're muted.
Not yet.
Still, still a little muted.
Nope, I should be good.
Now you're back.
All right.
Welcome to the show, Steve.
Good to see you again.
Good to see you.
And we had a nice time last week.
It was awesome to sit next to you in the same room for a change on the show.
Yeah, yeah.
3D.
The 3D look.
We actually got to shake hands.
How was your experience in Vegas?
You spoke both at the COVID litigation conference and at the replatform conference.

[SPEAKER_10]
It was good.
You know, I, I've been working on a lawsuit against the medical journals for their unethical retraction of their article, which has led to defamation and breach of implied contract and a bunch of other things.
And so it was great to connect with some lawyers who are interested, who are very interested in taking the case on because the medical journals, it's really important.
that we we fix this problem because the doctors just believe what's in the medical journals.
And until you fix that problem, you won't get the medical community on your side.
So fixing the retraction of of real science from the medical journals is is a really high priority.
So that was that was good to see.
And the re platform conference was also great.
And to watch Mickey Willis's new video on plandemic was great.
So 35 minute video, I think it'll be out pretty soon, but it was a lot of fun to watch that.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, I thoroughly enjoyed the film.
And I can't wait for the rest of the country in the world to get a chance to see it.
And by the way, don't pay attention to the Rolling Stone hit piece review on the film.
I don't know if you had a chance to read it, but you know, they're up to their no good.
And speaking of journalists in the mainstream,
I don't know if you saw this, but the BBC News is launching as a fast channel in the United States.
It says here that AMC Networks and BBC Studios are to launch BBC News on fast platforms in the United States.
It's a 24-hour live news channel, which will make its debut on Pluto TV, Samsung TV+, and all these other places.
And I came across this, because I don't know if you know this, Steve, I used to edit a lot of TV commercials.
I was actually in the advertising world in one of my past lives.
And I came across this whole thing because here there's an article talking about how BBC Studios selected this big ad agency as a creative partner for debut in this US brand campaign.
So they're gonna actually really push this.
And as you can see here,
The campaign to debut in quarter two aims to introduce BBC's journalistic excellence to the American market at a time when trusted news remains paramount.
And you know that the BBC was one of the people that started the Trusted News Initiative, which is a Orwellian play on words, because they're actually trying to stop the people who are actually trying to tell the truth about what's happening.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yep.
It's all opposite.

[SPEAKER_07]
It really is opposite.
And I want to remind our audience what the Trusted News Initiative is.
I'm going to play about a minute from a video that VSRF created almost two years ago now explaining what it is.
Here it comes.

[SPEAKER_01]
What is the Trusted News Initiative or TNI?
Simply global information control.
The Trusted News Initiative was founded in 2019 by UK state broadcaster the BBC and its global media and big tech partners.
The TNI's big pharma backers had a vaccine agenda in mind from the start.
The TNI issued a warning in 2019 that anti-vaxxers are gaining traction across the internet, requiring algorithmic intervention.
That means very smart computer programs to identify, attack, and neutralize anti-vaccine content.
Who's paying for this harmful suppression of science?
You are.
We are.
We pay taxes.
The government pays Big Pharma, and Big Pharma spends almost $7 billion advertising with TNI corporations.
TNI companies also have Pharma investments, and Pharma funds our health agencies.
Massive conflicts of interest.
See how that works?

[SPEAKER_07]
So all the more reason why the truth tellers out there or as you like to call us misinformation super spreaders are even more important now and will be going forward because there's going to be a whole new assault on those of us trying to speak the truth, Steve.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yep.
That's they got to keep doing that because they're
The rule is that they cannot engage in a scientific debate with us because they know they'll lose.
So if you can't engage in debate, you have to engage in censorship and trying to ensure that people don't listen to the other side, even if you can't censor them.
So there are all sorts of techniques that they'll use to try to make it appear that they're telling the truth and we're not.
And there will never be any engagement.
And I reached out to the FDA numerous times to engage with them and say, hey, you know, let's settle the issue here and have a public debate about it because
If we settle it in the scientific literature, it will literally take decades to resolve who's telling the truth.
And in the meantime, lives are at stake.
So it's interesting to me, although not surprising, that they would basically ignore all attempts to resolve the issue.
So they're interested in stopping misinformation, but only if they can do it their way, which means basically censorship.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, and there's that big trial at the Supreme Court Monday.
There's gonna be a big rally.
I'll show a little information on that later in the show.
But this is why it's so important for us to continue our work to expose the truth.
And I want to give a shout out for your donations early on because every donation matters.
And we have a goal to raise
you know, $10,000 tonight, you know, I'm just gonna throw the bar really high, but if you can find, if you find our content that we are bringing you tonight of value, now is the time that we need you to show your support so we can continue to do this kind of invaluable work.
So, backsafety.org, backslash donate, you can see it right up at the top of the screen or scan the QR code, and we appreciate any donation that you can make.
Now, this all leads into our guests tonight who are doing incredible work on exposing the truth behind the World Health Organization's pandemic treaty plan.
And before I bring on James and Kat, I want to share a quick video from the Dark Horse where they reference Kat Lindley, Brett Weinstein does.
So take a look at this and then we'll bring our guests on.

[SPEAKER_08]
Kat Lindley is somebody I'm very fond of who has been way out ahead on the World Health Organization pandemic preparedness plan and international health regulations.
She says, this is Kat Lindley said, pressure from people works and we should continue it.
Nothing that opposition to the international health regulation amendments and pandemic agreement is creating an awareness and chatter to things the who director general seems to hate.
So you want to scroll down.
I think she has a, uh,
I think there so she has an article from Children's Health Defense the defender their publication the who is exhibiting signs of desperation as New Zealand and Iran reject amendments to the international health regulations so What all of this says I think is Something that is taking place is having exactly the right effect the reason that the
started to make me think about the game theory is that it seemed rather hopeless.
In fact, the whole thing was portrayed as hopeless.
It was so certain that this set of changes was going to sail through the World Health Organization, be signed on, and then we were just simply going to have it sprung on us when the WHO decided to declare a pandemic of some kind.
that it seemed like there would be no point really in challenging it, that it was just the only thing you would get out of it is the ability to say, I told you so when the next round of tyranny unfolded.
But that's not what is happening.
What we're discovering is that as much as we are led to imagine that things are a fait accompli, that we don't have any power, that we actually do have power, and it therefore behooves us to understand the nature of the very deadly game that we accidentally find ourselves having to play.

[SPEAKER_07]
I'd like to welcome back Dr. Kent Lindley to VSRF Live.
How are you this evening, Dr. Lindley?

[SPEAKER_14]
I'm doing great.
Thanks for having me.

[SPEAKER_07]
Thanks for being here.
I want to read your bio before I bring on our next guest, James.
You are a distinguished family physician, born in Croatia and trained in the United States, where you currently practice in Texas.
Throughout Kat's career, Dr. Lindley's focus has expanded beyond her unwavering dedication to individual patient care to encompass a broader mission of improving
the overall healthcare system.
She has been actively involved in various medical organizations, including the American Academy of Physicians and Surgeons, the Global COVID Summit, and currently serves as the president of the Texas Osteopathic Medical Association.
As the president and co-founder of the Global Health Project, Dr. Lindley leads an alliance dedicated to enhancing and safeguarding global health
through education, advocacy, and effective communication.
Please join me in saying welcome and thank you, Dr. Kett.
We are grateful for everything you are doing, especially when it comes to making the world aware of how serious and terrifying this pandemic treaty really is.

[SPEAKER_14]
Thanks for having me.
And thanks for talking about this.

[SPEAKER_07]
Absolutely.
It's so important.
And I'm going to now bring on James Rogusky.
Hello, James.
Welcome to VSRF Live.
Thank you very much for having me.
I appreciate the opportunity.
I'm going to read your bio before I let you and Kat and Steve have a conversation.
James Rogusky is a dedicated researcher, author, advocate for natural health, and activist who believes that the old systems are rightfully crumbling, so we must build their replacements quickly.
James also believes that the collapse of the current antiquated systems presents
an opportunity to swiftly construct more effective alternatives.
Currently, James is focused on exposing what he perceives as the World Health Organization's hidden agenda behind their proposed pandemic treaty, as well as their ongoing efforts to amend the international health regulations.
His mantra, out of the who and in with the new, encapsulates his vision for a revitalized approach to addressing public health challenges.
Please join me in welcoming back James Rogusky.
And before I leave, I want to remind everyone that we will be having a Q&A after the interview and just put your questions in the chat with a big all caps question.
So it's easy for our team to spot them and we will try to get to your questions after the interview.
So without further ado, I'm going to leave the three of you to have at it.
Okay, so

[SPEAKER_10]
Perhaps the two of you can catch us all up.
There's been a lot of back and forth and proposals and counter proposals and so forth.
Where are we today on this treaty?
Do you believe that this thing is going to happen or do you believe that it is not going to pass?
The second question is, if it's going to happen, is there anything that we can do to stop it?
And what is the most effective way that people listening to this broadcast can stop it?
But the first question is,
Where's this train heading?
Is this train heading, you know, off the tracks and it's going to go away?
Or is this thing headed towards acceptance by the United States of America and other countries?
And, you know, are we headed for a disaster or are we headed for good news right now?
James, you want to start?
Or Kat, do you want to start?

[SPEAKER_14]
James, go ahead.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, thank you very much again, Steve, for having me.
I don't get into predicting the future.
I can only predict what I know I'm going to do.
And I'll actually look back to the past for a possibility.
Approximately a decade ago, Hillary Clinton and the Obama administration got us into or tried to get us into the Trans-Pacific Partnership.
And it was pretty much a signed and done deal as far as they were concerned.
until it leaked out and people in the United States took the time to understand what was really going on.
And it was the voice of the people just making it a toxic idea.
Anyone supporting the Trans-Pacific Partnership in that election did not have a chance.
We'd learned what it was and the power of the people killed it.
They thought it was a done deal.
with what's going on with this and to be sure there are two separate negotiations going on and what's been happening for the last year and a half at least is it's been getting all commingled together.
There's information coming from the amendments that I just recently, approximately a week ago, published the negotiating text that had been hiding
for well over a year.
And so what we need to do, what everyone needs to do, is realize that a lot of the information that has been circulating is old news.
We now have a new version, not the entire negotiating text, because there were still 10 articles that are missing.
But we have an updated version that has its problems, for sure.
I've published articles about that.
And just a couple of days ago, we got a new version of the second document, the proposed, it's really not a treaty.
A lot of people call it a treaty.
They've called it many, many, many different names.
It's really designed to be a framework convention, which is a beast all into itself.
That document just came into a new version on March 13th.
And so everyone needs to hit the reset button.
and look at the information with fresh eyes.
It's almost better if you didn't know anything until today, because there's new documents that we need to pay attention to.
And in honor of being invited here and being on today, I published a couple of hours ago an absolutely monster article called exitthewho.org.
And all of the information anybody might need is right there, exitthewho.org.
I've got a 10 minute summary of the amendments, a 10 minute summary of the new version of the framework convention.
It starts with understanding what they are actually doing.
And we have to aim at the proper target and speak truth to power.
And I think that starts with, you know, dealing with what is it that they're really doing.

[SPEAKER_10]
Okay, do you want... All right, Kat, what's your...

[SPEAKER_14]
So I look at this a little bit different.
They've changed this document so many times that at this point, I think the changes they're making are inconsequential, as far as I'm concerned, because the intention of the document is still there.
And the intention of the document is for the World Health Organization to become this global health authority.
Whether now article 18 is article 16 or 20, it doesn't matter.
The last article 18 I read
Last amendment said that the director general can call a public health emergency in an area.
If he does that, he can close the border.
He can tell physicians what type of treatments we have to use, vaccines.
They can put people in isolation, quarantine, and different things.
those intentions are still there.
Now, as far as predictions, actually I do predict, you know, I like playing the prediction game because it's all political game, it's all, you know, chess game for them.
There is definitely a resistance around the world and we are getting louder and people power is amazing and I think we need to continue and I will give some direction for that later when the time comes.
At the same time, the governments, the ones that are in power,
are indicating still that they will vote for these, and I call it a treaty, I disagree with James, it's whatever it is, ultimately as a legal document is a treaty and this treaty needs to be ratified in our Senate.
That's really important.
We need to recognize it as a treaty and make them go through our Senate and not allow President Biden to just say, you know what, I like it, I'm going to go with it.
As far as I'm concerned, I do fear that in May in Geneva, they will vote for both or one or the other document.
The treaty as written is a lot of flowery words, and James will go more into this party organizational system.
But it's a lot of flowery words that don't mean really anything but could mean everything, right?
The amendments are a little bit more consequential they cannot tell you what they're going to do.
One of them talks about censorship so voices like all of us here, if it goes through are going to be censored by our own government.
Like I said, I think they will most likely both of them passed.
They're going to have to come, one to Senate, the other one doesn't.
We're going to have to deal with this and getting more and more people involved is 100% needed.
And I agree with James, people power can do something.
Although, like I had a little bit bad news today, I testified in New Hampshire for the bill that would not give WHO jurisdiction and
Even Republicans are not getting it.
It actually lost 181 to 190.
But we still need to keep on marching on.

[SPEAKER_10]
Wow.
So your prediction is that this thing, this is a freight train that is on its way to approval at this point, Dr. Lindley.
Your your prognostication is that unless something changes, this thing is on its way to approval.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yes, because I think there is a definitely possibility that some countries, especially Eastern European countries and some African countries might object to certain things, but it does seem that they are negotiating very hard with them.
You know, everyone knows where I'm from.
I grew up in Europe, in Yugoslavia.
I tend to see the world
as a realist, you know.
I hope for the best, but I cannot prepare for the worst.
They've been at this for several years and United Nation has something called PACT for, I want to call it freedom, but it's not, PACT for the future.
So a lot of these things are really coming from United Nations, as we all know, because what they want is global governance.
One of the ways to achieve some aspect of global control is through health, which is the World Health Organization.
You know, as far as I'm concerned, I think this will pass.

[SPEAKER_10]
OK.

[SPEAKER_14]
So I hope I'm wrong.
And I hope you guys tell me, Kat, you were wrong.

[SPEAKER_10]
OK. All right.
I hope you're right, too.
But just in case, I'm curious, just from my own personal planning point of view, are they going to throw me in jail if this thing passes?
Because I.
Excuse me.

[SPEAKER_03]
Let's go.

[SPEAKER_10]
If this passes, do they take people who spread misinformation and put them in jail, or do they simply make sure that they don't have any platform that they can't reach any users, any readers?

[SPEAKER_14]
So the article 44, and James will correct me if it's now a different number, but it did say that WHO wants member states to deal with people when it comes to censorship, and then the member state, United States government, would decide how to punish us.
For someone like me, it would probably be losing my license or something like that.

[SPEAKER_10]
OK, so for someone like me, it could be like a firing squad, perhaps?

[SPEAKER_14]
I don't think we have those yet in the United States, right?

[SPEAKER_10]
No, no.
But it seems like we're heading in that direction.
Oh, man.
So essentially, I'm being deprived of my First Amendment constitutional rights that the United States can sign a treaty
So the United States can sign a treaty with a third party that deprives me of my constitutional rights.
Is that what this is about?

[SPEAKER_14]
So this is actually in the amendments.
It's not in the treaty part.
And the amendments don't have to come to Senate to be ratified.
They are part of the international law that we adopted in 1969.
So those we actually have to opt out of.
So if they're approved in Geneva, we have to physically say, our government has to write a letter and say, we will not comply to this.
And there is a certain period of time that we have to refuse to accept them.
And then, like I said, any kind of
punishing will come from our government side.
But it's important to know that if you read the document, there is definitely, they're going against our first amendment, fourth, 10th and 14th.
Those are the ones that I know for sure, but I'm sure there are others in play as well.
And this is where we have to wake up our politicians and say, do you really want this to interfere with the constitution in the United States and can it?

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, but that's my question.
How can members of Congress agree to effectively amend the Constitution without amending the Constitution?
I mean, how can they agree to something like this that would have authority when that's a violation of the United States Constitution?
I mean, it doesn't seem like this is a legal thing to do to me.

[SPEAKER_14]
Am I missing something?
They're actually not agreeing because the amendments they don't have to agree with, they actually have to disagree with the amendments for them not to go into effect.
Because the amendments do not have to go to Congress to be ratified.
The treaty does.
So and James, if you want to take it from there.

[SPEAKER_10]
But still, I don't see how Congress can ratify something that requires a constitutional amendment process to to change.
I don't see how they can do that.
And are we sure that you said that there are two agreements, one could be approved by Biden and the other one needs to be approved by the Senate.
Is that correct?
Do I have that?
Is my understanding correct?

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, you know, the devil is always in the details.
Okay.
And so in regards to myths and disinformation, there are only two lines in each of the two documents.
So a total of four lines, very simple lines that essentially say that they encourage the nations to deal with myths and disinformation.
It's in annex one of the amendments and it's in
article 18 of the framework convention.
And so the idea of the constitutionality of all of these things, when you get out your pocket constitution and you look up article one, section eight, clause three, that is the commerce clause.
And that's where the vast majority of this does fall under the purview of the federal government.
When the 13 original colonies,
handed over 18 enumerated powers to the federal government.
One of the obvious ones was that the federal government, this is what clause three in article one, section eight is, is it says that the federal government has the authority to regulate international commerce or trade with foreign nations.
And what I've been saying since November of 2022, very specifically with the framework convention, most people call the treaty,
is that it's primarily being driven by a desire to settle a trade dispute.
Now, what happened in 2020, a lot of people have talked about, but at the beginning of 2021, what started out as, you know, hopeful, oh, these wonderful jabs are going to change the world.
The original plan was that the vulnerable people
healthcare workers, maybe police, fire emergency personnel, elderly and so forth, whatever they deemed were to be vulnerable were across the world supposed to get the jabs first.
But that's not what happened.
What happened was in Canada, they bought, you know, 400 million jabs for 40 million people, roughly 10 per person.
I think they're up to seven or eight now.
that they've already, you know, stuck into people because, you know, you, you can't have enough, um, IG, uh, G four, right?
You know, you gotta get that imbalance going.
So the more jabs, the better I'm being facetious.
Obviously in Europe, um, they bought, um, you know, way more than they needed.
And they've been dumping some of them cause they're out of date.
Same thing in Sweden.
The reason these negotiations are happening is because the relatively poor nations.
said, hey, we're not getting any jabs.
And in December of 2021, they called for a special session of the World Health Assembly.
They normally only meet once a year, but they had a second session.
And what they declared out of that session was it was the nations who wanted the WHO to oversee negotiations to
Make sure that if there was ever another situation similar to this, that there would be equitable access to and distribution of pandemic-related products.
Now, people can certainly disagree, but this is essentially a trade dispute.
Cui Bono, who benefits?
Look for the money.
And if you follow the money and what's going on in here, you'll see that back in November of 2022,
the Indonesian health minister who's not a doctor, he's formerly a banker.
He was talking to the B-20 in Bali in Indonesia.
And he said to them that the United States is just about to launch a new pandemic fund along with the World Bank.
And he said, they've got many billions of dollars through their defense department.
They're going to start building out this infrastructure
This is a wonderful business opportunity.
Go invest.
And then lo and behold, in December of 2022, the Congress passed and Biden signed the National Defense Authorization Act.
And so what that did was it funded the global health security agenda.
Well, that's not health.
That's really, in my view, a code word for biological weapons research and development.
They set aside $5 billion that they put in the kitty at the World Bank Pandemic Fund.
They were hoping to get, you know, 10 times that from the other countries.
They barely got matching funds from 24 nations and a little bit from the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and Wellness Trust, Wellcome Trust and so forth.
But what they're doing with that, they dished out $340 million
to 37 different nations in 2023 to start building out the infrastructure that makes up the system that would enable them to go looking for what they call pathogens with pandemic potential, but I call it pathogens with pandemic profiteering potential.
They want to set up a WHO coordinated laboratory network
bring those pathogens that they find wherever they can find them into the laboratory network, the central bio hub that they have, and the sticking point where the greedy people from the global north are having trouble with the greedy people from the global south is over what they call the pathogen access and benefit sharing system.
You have to go back to the 1992 convention on biological diversity.
I'm familiar with that because I have worked in the natural, you know, urban supplement industry.
I used to manage a mom and pop store and what pharmaceutical companies are very good at is taking indigenous knowledge of herbs and food and, you know, healing properties of all that coming in, getting that information.
tweaking the chemical a little bit so they can patent it and then go selling it as a drug, making millions of dollars.
Well, the biological convention back in 1992 said, no, no, no, no, no.
If you're going to get access to that wisdom, you have to share the benefits.
So what the poor nations are saying, and this is actually in the treaty or framework convention, they're saying, and probably rightfully so,
that their pathogens, their biological resources are a sovereign, it's a sovereign resource.
So the sovereignty they're talking about is, well, if we find a pathogen, you're going to have to pay us for it.
That's the pathogen access benefit sharing system.
The benefits, what happened, if you go back to the WIV-1, the Wuhan Institute of Virology, one genetic sequence that, you know, hit the,
world beginning of 2020, think about how many hundreds of billions of dollars that one little data file was worth to Pfizer, Moderna and everybody else.
Well, when Omicron was found and South Africa and Botswana handed that over as they thought they were obligated to do under the international health regulations, you know, nations are supposed to alert the international community if they have a problem.
They handed that over
And the international health regulations are supposed to be that they don't get hit with travel restrictions that, you know, travel and trade are supposed to still happen.
That's the purpose of the IHR, but that's not what happened.
Europe shut down travel and that hurt the economy of those nations.
And then they watched Pfizer and Moderna take that genetic information, put it into the jabs for the boosters.
And they're saying, hell no, we're never going to let you do that again.
In their originally submitted amendments, they said there will be no pathogen sharing unless there are signed contracts for the benefits to be going both ways.
And so when you lay out what is in this framework convention, it reads like an organized crime syndicate.
I've dubbed it the new OPEC, right?
OPEC is the oil producing and exporting countries.
Well, the new OPEC is the organization of pandemic emergency corporations.
They want to do business all around the world, set up a distribution and logistics network that the WHO would be running.
Tedros said the other day at the global government or the world government's summit, he said that they have a 20,000 square meter facility
in Dubai.
Just think about that.
That's four football fields, and that's just one of six regions.
They want to set themselves up as, you know, an organized criminal syndicate, not to control what you and your doctor do, but the money that is contracted out to fill those distribution hubs.
They want to set up a conference of the parties that meets every year
think conference of the parties for the framework convention for climate change.
Same idea.
Open, you know, set up an empty framework that year after year after year, unelected, unaccountable, unknown people will go and meet, make decisions, hand out contracts, determine their budget.
You know, they, they call it the mechanism, right?
You know, for raising money and all that sort of stuff.
This is, this is venture capital.
This is how do we rob
from poor people in rich countries to give to rich people in poor countries.
And so I see the framework convention as just, it's a mafia organization trying to steal money from the global North, not to help people in the global South, but to help make people who missed out on the profitability of this kind of a business model, the little tiny, you know,
They want to be big pharma, but they're not in the global south.
They are at the table because they want a piece of the pie.
They want standardized material transfer agreements to ensure that they're going to be getting paid if they hand over the next pathogen with pandemic profit-gearing potential.
When you read this document for what I believe it to be, which is a financial scam on the world,
It all starts to make sense.
Now, the amendments have problems with international travel.
They've added the capability for Tedros to not just declare a public health emergency of international concern or a fake.
They want to also lower the bar and have him be able to declare along a continuum.
not just a public health emergency of international concern, which is in the current law, they also want to have an early action alert.
Well, their executive director of all the emergency work, Mike Ryan, said that on a yearly basis, they get over 30,000 alerts from nations around the world.
And what that would enable them to do is to be having 100 problems a day to pick from,
to say, oh, we got to get Bill Gates's germ team to go swoop in there, see what's going on.
Oh, we found some pathogen in the sewage system or some bird flu in a chicken coop or some swine flu in a pig pen and come in, scare the bejeebers out of people, have drugs and jabs that they're getting paid for with the pathogen access and benefit sharing system and go into the distribution hub
and pull something out of storage that would have to get replenished so the contracts keep rolling.
They want people to put money into this system, this network, and keep it going 24-7, even during inter-pandemic times.
So I encourage everyone to look at this for the business corruption deal that it really, really is.
Now, in the amendments,
There's more talk about quarantine.
So imagine that if you have to come off of a cruise line and get a rapid antigen test, and if you don't pass, boom, you're into quarantine.
That's where they're setting up what they call the national IHR authority.
I don't know where they would put it in the government, the national IHR focal point.
Currently, every nation had to put one of those in place.
due to the 2005 amendments, that's in the department of health and human services.
But this would really be more about, you know, it's kind of, it's kind of funny.
They're negotiating tighter border control.
Can you imagine, you know, with what we're dealing with here in the United States, and they want to make it so that if you come in on a cruise boat or an airline and you don't pass, you know, the proper test to make sure that you're not contagious, boom, into quarantine, you go.
So the international travel approach to this is very sneaky because if you go back and think about Novak Djokovic, the tennis player who wasn't allowed into the United States because he wasn't jabbed, the idea that they're going with is the United States can't pass laws to make its citizens get jabbed.
We've all pushed back against that.
We're never going to let that happen.
But the United States can and every other nation can make it so that foreign citizens have to get jabbed in order to enter the country.
Probably a good idea on the southern border to have some kind of border control.
But the game that they're playing is that it's within our constitution to abuse the rights of foreign citizens.
And if every nation did that, then we would be in planet lockdown.
And so there's a number of things that are in the amendments that are very, very problematic.
I went through 10 of them and, you know, there's a little tiny talk about censorship and there's problems with personal data.
But the big thing is that they would be able to declare not just a fake, but an early action alert so that, you know, they would be fear mongering 24 seven.
And thanks for letting me rant.
I'll give you back the floor.

[SPEAKER_10]
So yep, it's all about keeping us safe.
Dr. Lindley, you want to comment on that?

[SPEAKER_14]
No, I think he said it very eloquently.
You know, he looks at it from
more journalistic point of view and talks about the finances and stuff.
And I get that.
I actually do think that WHO is probably a big money laundering type of institution.
But for me, what really matters is this patient-physician relationship and having WHO now
kind of telling us what we can do and what we cannot do.
We've seen that in the last four years, we cannot allow it to happen.
And then again, you know, I'll bring up the fact that I come from communist country and I'm now an American citizen for many years now.
I love this country because of the constitution and all the rights that we have and freedom and the potential to be whoever you want to be.
In communist countries, you don't have that.
My child can be anything they want to be.
So having this whole World Health Organization
And it's really not even them.
It's like all of these, it's United Nations, it's European Union.
There's so much into this global governance, global control of health, global control of life and everything with climate change, all the possibilities of how they can really tell us what to do and how to bring our kids up and stuff like that.
I think, you know, WHO is just one.

[SPEAKER_10]
head of the snake and we need to keep on fighting and we need to cut off this head of the snake and The only ultimate answer to all this is complete exit of the war hot organization So are there any clear thinkers in this In government and you know, besides maybe Ron Johnson that like is there anyone in Congress that
Other than Johnson, who's saying that, hey, this WHO treaty bad idea.
Like, what's the opposition like in Congress right now?

[SPEAKER_14]
So there are several.

[SPEAKER_10]
Go to.

[SPEAKER_14]
Sorry, I was going to say there are several actually really good people there.
Representative Chip Roy is one of them.
We're close friends and he's been on this for a long time.
He has a bill to and James will
point everyone to his website where they can see all this, but he has a bill to exit the world.
Actually, this is UN.
Exit the UN and all the subsidiaries, and then Senator Mike Lee has a companion in the Senate.
And actually, I totally agree.
I would completely go for that if we could.
There's also Representative Biggs from Arizona that has a bill, and this one is specifically
to World Health Organization.
They understand the problem, but there is no will on the federal level to do anything.

[SPEAKER_10]
OK, so you just named three guys, three guys with Johnson.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, to expand, to expand on that.
If you go to four, four, that's not going to move the needle.
If you go to exit the who dot com, you'll see that there are currently it says 54, but it's really 53 because one of them got kicked out of the house.
There's 53 co-sponsors to Andy Biggs' legislation in the House, HR 79, which is the WHO Withdrawal Act.
So, you know, that's a start.
That's not anywhere near enough, but it's a start.
And in the Senate, I believe that there are, for the bill, you can go and see the exit, the UN and the WHO at the same time.
The companion legislation that Kat mentioned,
is in the Senate, I think there are three senators and I think there are seven members of the House that are in support of that.
You can find all that information at StopTheGlobalAgenda.com.
And so it's not nothing.
It's not good enough.
And it needs to be a political, you know, hot potato.
This is what happened and it's what I was talking about 10 years ago.
If everyone understands that we, the people are, you know, absolutely opposed to this globalist control of, you know, money and attempt to build out, you know, big pharma in other nations.
If you just look at what we're already doing, and what I really think is the problem is that the WHO is looking at what the United States Defense Department is doing with the World Bank Pandemic Fund, and they have fund envy.
We've got billions of dollars.
Our Defense Department is busy, you know, searching for pathogens all over the world, giving money to other nations to build laboratories all over the Caribbean and everywhere else.
If you go to catastrophic contagion.com, you'll see that Bill and Linda Gates, the foundation and the Johns Hopkins group, the same group that did event 201 in October, 2019, they did catastrophic contagion in October, 2022.
And it's set for Eastern Venezuela, which Venezuela is trying currently now in real life, trying to annex two thirds of Guyana and
Lo and behold, Bill and Linda Gates and the Johns Hopkins team of doing these tabletop exercises says that's where in 2005 they're going to have the next pandemic.
And we're busy building laboratories all throughout the Caribbean.
And part of the reason, the main reason why Venezuela is trying to take over Guyana is they just found some of the largest oil deposits in the Caribbean off of Guyana.
And Venezuela is trying to get a hold of that.
When I first heard that, I was like, well, boy, I wonder why they might need to send some health experts into that area.
Just watch the movie with the trafficking of children.
How did they get up the river?
They sent in some vaccines.
Spoiler alert, my apologies.
And so what we're dealing with here with that prediction of what's happening, the geopolitics of that area
means that if the U S wants the slimmest of excuses to get in there, all you have to do is go to catastrophic contagion.com, which is not their website.
I noticed that they didn't get the domain name.
So I snagged it and I'm spoofing on them because the acting was so horrible in these scenarios.
But this is what they're trying to do.
They told us all about money pox, you know, they, they hit it almost to the day with their scenarios.
They tell us what they intend to do, but everybody, you know, has got life and you're busy and you can't see all of the clues that they're giving us.
They want to be able to find pathogens all over the world so that they can bring them into a laboratory.
If they do gain a function or if they just cook it up into witch's brew and it does its own gain of function by going through all kinds of cycles,
then they can put that into the Biohub system and get benefits in return.
And when you realize what's in the treaty, I just encourage people to actually read it.
I did a 14-minute summary.
I extracted out all of the pertinent information.
If you just go to exitthewho.org and see what these documents actually say,
It's astonishing how criminal, just absolutely criminal, these agreements are.
It looks like a mafia deal.
It's organized crime, and they want to steal money from poor people in rich nations and give it to oligarchs in poor nations, pretending that that is somehow helping the people who are
didn't have very much of a problem all through COVID.
You know, Africa, if you look at the stats on the WHO's website, they had 1 16th as many deaths per capita as North and South America combined.
And it was even worse when you compare it to Europe.
If anything, we should be going to Africa and finding out what doctors like Dr. Shankara Chetty did.
He had 10,000 patients and not one of them went to the hospital.
And it's because he treated the individual person properly.
It's the second article I ever wrote on Substack.
Please go back in the archives and look it up.
It's brilliant.
And he got a paper published in, I believe it was September of 2020, and it's been buried.
And they don't want anybody to see that.
That was before ivermectin that wasn't even using ivermectin.
That was just dealing with the patients as they came into the clinic, dealing with what he saw happening.
And, you know, that kind of truth gets buried because that's just not profitable for big pharma.
Making people healthy is not part of their business model.

[SPEAKER_10]
So,
The numbers seem to be quite staggering in terms of the House and Senate, but it's only the Senate that needs to ratify the treaty.
The House doesn't matter, right?
So this is just Biden and the Senate.
So the only votes that matter are the Senate votes.
And if you're going to influence the Senate, then what does the polling look like on Americans today?
Are Americans even aware of this?
Problem, are they going to be motivated to call in?
Is it going to be, you know, one percent of Americans that are going to call their congressmen?
And is that really going to move the needle on this?
It sounds like this is a done deal.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, I wouldn't be doing this, Steve, if I thought it was a done deal.
I'm working as hard as I can to push back on this.
And, you know, that is up to the people you're viewing audience and everybody that they know and so forth.
You know, I have spoken to staff members at various offices and
You know, their response is, yeah, we're getting a lot of phone calls on this.
They are becoming aware of it.
Many of them are aware of it around the world.
You know, there's people in country after country after country who are pushing back on this.
This is a better situation than was the case with the Trans-Pacific Partnership that had already been signed and signed, sealed and delivered as far as they were concerned.
They were trying to get it through the Senate.
And that's when it got killed.
When we learned about it.
They don't have a deal.
And if you understand why this is, it's backwards.
Everybody really has been looking at this upside down and backwards.
The reason why these negotiations are happening is because the poor nation want
these agreements because they want a piece of what the WHO said they thought they needed was $31 billion a year.
Now, Steve, you're a successful guy, but if somebody called you up and said, hey, my buddy's coming over, he's a 31 billionaire and he's feeling in a generous mood, do you want in on the deal?
Because money's going to be flowing, right?
All of the nations who say, oh yes, we want this treaty to go through,
is because they want the contracts flowing from the global south into their area.
And so you'd be foolish, you know, to realize that when a delegate is sent to these negotiations, they're being sent to get the best deal possible for their nation.
Well, what is the deal?
It's not, oh, we want everybody to be healthy.
No, we want to have contracts come back to build out big pharma in our nation.
Well, the U S is already doing that through the world bank.
Pandemic fund.
They put in $5 billion over the next five years and the WHO is trying to up the ante.
They want $31 billion and they want, um, surge funding.
in case there's a big problem of a hundred billion dollars.

[SPEAKER_14]
James, I do want to bring something up because we don't have much time.
So Steve, there is something that everyone can do.
You can go to sovereigntycoalition.org.
We're doing two things right now.
There is a resolution that you can click on.
Take the resolution to your precinct chair, to your county chairs,
And then eventually it will go to the, you know, GOP or Democratic, whichever party you are, so that the state can see that people are not happy.
So that's where state can act.
The other thing is we are writing
actually have written and finished the letter to the AGs that they can write, that they can send to Biden to say they want out.
The same way they did one for NAC.
It's really important to, from the state level, push back.
I agree with you, you know,
My fear is that we're talking to a bubble and our people get it what we're talking.
We're not getting this exposure in MSM because they all are in favor of the pandemic treaty.
They think it's the best thing that's ever going to happen to us.
But people can do little steps that become bigger steps.
Just do it at home.
Start with your precinct.
It will light a fire within the state.

[SPEAKER_10]
What's the URL again, please?

[SPEAKER_14]
Sovereigntycoalition.org or Merrill Nass's website, which is doortofreedom.org.
All of these things can be found on both of those websites.
And on Sovereignty and Coalition, you can write, you can sign the declaration and you can also sign a letter that will go directly to your congressman or congresswoman so they know that you are not in support.
If you have time, for those of you who are listening, call them.
That's actually one of the best things.
They don't like phone calls because they actually have to sit on the phone and listen to you call them and say, do not, do not allow this to pass.
These are my concerns.
I'm going to lose privacy between my doctor.
We're going to be censored.
You're going to have more health organization telling us what to do.
And we need to just push back.

[SPEAKER_10]
Okay.
I'm trying to, uh, Olivia, can you put that URL up again?
I just want to make sure that.
Uh, that I can access it sovereignty commission.org sovereign.
I always misspelled that for just so you know, I always say, yeah, I, you know, it's like, I don't know who came up with this, but I'm like, not able to, um, here, let me see if I can even, yeah, I can't do it in the chat because it won't let me click on it.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_14]
There, that's the website.

[SPEAKER_10]
Okay.
So it does work.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, it does work.
You can sign, like I said, the declaration, the align act, and then the letter to Congress.

[SPEAKER_09]
All right.

[SPEAKER_14]
And just keep on calling and pestering them.
But make sure you call your congressman, not someone else, because they're not going to listen to you.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.
Great.
Good.
Olivia, let's open it up for questions.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, stand by.
Let me get myself situated here.
And we do have some questions.
And here we go.
Let's start right off the bat with for both, both of our guests from DR Laura.
So will we have to sue to restore the Constitution and ditch the treaty?
And how would we go about suing legally?

[SPEAKER_14]
I'm not the lawyer, so I really can't tell you because if it's enacted, I'm not sure that you can actually sue.
But again, I'm not the lawyer.

[SPEAKER_04]
So I'm not a lawyer either.
But my read on this is that with the treaty, which is really, again, a framework convention that would set up an ongoing year after year after year, very much like the framework convention for climate change, it falls under
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3, because what they're actually really negotiating is control of international trade, distribution, logistics, access to pathogens, looking for pathogens, a laboratory network.
This is essentially our government giving money to what would be the conference of the parties
that would then be distributing that money to all their cronies to build infrastructure for the pharmaceutical hospital emergency industrial complex in other nations.
Now, you know, two years ago, I wrote an article about the 36th Defense Department laboratories in the Ukraine.
Our Defense Department is doing this all over the world.
This is very dangerously close.
And I would say over the line, it's really
What I would say is the proliferation of biological weapons research and development.
There's nothing in the constitution that prevents the United States from throwing money into these kinds of investments in other nations.
Unfortunately, they've figured out that
our original colonies gave the federal government authority over international trade.
That also applies in the amendments where the federal government has the authority to deal with border control.
I know that sounds ridiculous because they're not doing it when they don't want to, but if they want to, that's what would be going into the quarantine and the vaccine passports and
The other thing that I didn't mention, which is just absolutely atrocious in the amendments is the WHO would be in charge of doing the emergency use authorization for vaccines.
And when they do that, they charge a hundred thousand dollars.
So it's yet another moneymaker for them.
They want to make it be in international travel that the only accepted
vaccines would be the ones that they either pre-approve or put through their emergency use authorization money-making program.
That is an abomination, but that is not forcing people inside each country to do that.
You have to look, as Kat said, locally, you know, if it's in New Hampshire or if it's in New Mexico or California or New York or Washington or anywhere,
None of the little tyrants who abused people over the last four years needed any amendments to the international health regulations.
They didn't need a new treaty to abuse everyone's rights.
They used propaganda, they use coercion, they use financial and other types of manipulation.
And what we're dealing with here on the global scale is just ramping up the investment
because they missed out on a bunch of black and brown people the first time around.
They didn't get as many jabs as they wanted to get into people in the Global South.
And they want to get money and investment from the Global North to build out their business model there so their oligarchs can profit from it the same way Pfizer and Moderna did in the Global North in the last four years.

[SPEAKER_14]
So Livio, I did think of one thing.
If this is enacted and our federal government pushes for it and HHS pushes for it, actually states can sue.
The attorney general can sue based on the 10th Amendment.
Because as I mentioned before, the healthcare of the citizen is a state jurisdiction, not federal.
So that's where they could sue if they wanted to.
And someone like Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton would love this lawsuit.

[SPEAKER_07]
Or Joe Ladapo in Florida, maybe.

[SPEAKER_14]
Well, Ladapo is Surgeon General and we have to go to his Attorney General.

[SPEAKER_07]
And going on with James is talking about, are they buying and paying our Attorney Generals or our Senators in the States because they know this?
Like, are they all also somehow backhandedly profiting from this or being paid to let it slide?

[SPEAKER_14]
Well, you know, that's speculation, but maybe everyone can go and look at donations for our representatives.
Who is the one donating?
You'll find that Pharma is one of the big donors.
You know, does Welcome Trust, another donor to them, Bill and Gates Foundation, who knows?
But we all are aware of corruption within politics as is.
Absolutely.

[SPEAKER_07]
So I got another question here.
This is from Jeannie.
Who oversees the who and their oversight of these treaties?
Is there someone above them that oversees them?

[SPEAKER_14]
I think I know this genie, by the way.
Well, technically United Nations is the mother company, as I like to call it, of World Health Organization.
So do they have some oversight?
Who knows?
But I would say that there are some definitely worrisome ties
When it comes to the funding of the World Health Organization, initially they were funded by member states.
And then as the time changed, they are starting to get funded mostly by the public-prior partnership.
These are called voluntary contribution.
Now they're up to 80%.

[SPEAKER_07]
That would be the Bill of Melinda Gates Foundation, correct?

[SPEAKER_14]
They're one of them.
Wellcome Trust is another, you know, GAVI Foundation.
And then also countries themselves can do these voluntary contributions.
When you do a voluntary contribution, they come with strings attached.
They will give money for this project and it has to be used for that.
So I would venture to say that War Health Organization has huge conflicts of interest when it comes to how they actually do certain programs because, you know, money is given by these big corporations that want something in return.

[SPEAKER_04]
Absolutely.
The combination of corporations and, you know, pseudo government entities is really, you know, the definition of fascism.
It's getting corporate power and government power to work together hand in hand.
Everyone should know by now that the FDA is a compromised agency.
And, you know, the WHO is even worse.
What Kat said is absolutely correct.
The money talks.
And really what is controlling all of this is the idea that they want to have centralized authority over
all of this health decision making, not necessarily on an individual basis, but if they're putting billions of dollars into this, that, or the other product, and it's sitting in a warehouse somewhere, somebody's going to have to find a way to rotate that stock.
And so they're going to need an emergency
to take that product out of inventory and use it so that another contract has to go and replenish it.
They want to be in charge of that operation.
And so it turns into an Abbott and Costello routine.
Who's on first?
Who's in charge of the who?
You played the who at the beginning.
When you ask yourself any of these questions, you know, who's behind all this?
Who's responsible?
Who's going to benefit from it?
The game with the Abbott and Costello routine is one person thinks that it's a question, but the other person realizes that it's a declarative statement.
And so when you catch yourself asking who is this or who is that, just get rid of the question mark.

[SPEAKER_07]
I got a follow-up from Ja Son.
Are there any conflicts with these proposed amendments and Nuremberg Treaty?

[SPEAKER_14]
I would say the last four years of our lives are going against the Nuremberg Treaty.
For sure, you know, there is definitely even just freedom of speech, right?
It's a basic human right.
If we are censored, they're taking away our freedom of speech.
So, you know, and also the whole idea of that Article 18 where they can tell you what type of medications you use, what type of diagnostics you have to use, and then vaccines, we're going to be in the same mess we are now.
I know we're not talking about this, but I'll just make a comment.
I've always said it's been about mandate and people always kind of like, ah, you know, whatever, but really think about it.
If a free country like United States mandates someone to get a product they don't want so they can have a job and have money to actually go buy food for their family,
We're not living in a free country.
So it's not about all of this stuff.
It's about this, this is the essential thing that happened to us these four years.
They've taken away our basic rights.
And I would say that the amendments are definitely in conflict.

[SPEAKER_04]
No doubt.
I would, I would point to the work done by Catherine Watt on Bailiwick News and her substack, bailiwicknews.substack.com.
The law,
has been corrupted to the point where the emergency use authorization for the JABs use the section of the code that says, oh, this isn't a clinical trial, which the Nuremberg code, as it was enacted into US statute, applies to clinical trials.
But this is just a Defense Department operation.
by messing with the laws over the last 40 plus, maybe even longer than that years, they've made it so that there aren't just loopholes in the law, there are gaping holes in the law.
And so if you could go back six years, five years, six years, and if you had said to somebody, you know, we need to pass a law that would make it be, you know, there'd be a thousand dollar fine or some other kind of penalty,
If your employer fired you because you weren't taking the proper drug or getting an injection because you're HIV positive, people would have thought you were out of your freaking mind.
But the reason why what happened happened is there is no law to penalize the behaviors that we saw.
There's no law to punish doctors
who don't properly inform their patients about the dangers of whatever treatments they're selling.
And so if there was a thousand dollar fine for jabbing someone without showing them the details on the insert, oh, wait a minute, those inserts were blank.
If there was a thousand dollar fine for failing to properly inform
a patient of the risks of a drug or a jab or whatever.
And you've got a clinic who's doing, you know, 500 jabs, a thousand jabs, maybe more.
Okay.
The problem is the law over decades has been corrupted.
People point to the Nuremberg code, but that's just a bunch of words.
It got implemented into U S statute in a way
that they carved out a massive gaping hole and they drove COVID right through it.
We need to fix the laws.
But unfortunately, all of the, there might be a couple members of Congress and Senate who refuse money from the pharmaceutical industry, but none of the media companies do, that's for darn sure.

[SPEAKER_14]
I was just going to comment you wrong.
They're actually, it's not necessarily a law, but it's a mandate for our medical license.
If I don't give informed consent, patient can complain to the board, and I don't even have to know who the patient is, and I could lose my medical license.
The only problem is that medical boards during this time have abandoned their own duty when it comes to this and have gone with this mantra that we all have to get the vaccine and they're safe and effective and there is no consequences for that.
But in actuality, we are in danger of losing our medical license if we don't give informed consent.

[SPEAKER_07]
That leads into this question for you, Dr. Lindley from Emerson BT.
How do your healthcare colleagues feel about the WHO treaty?
Do they even know about it or talk about it?

[SPEAKER_10]
Great, great question.

[SPEAKER_14]
I would say the mainstream, you know, like the regular physician who is employed by a university or a hospital or something, they're not even aware that we're talking about this.
People, even the people like within, let's call it freedom movement or whatever, are not well versed.
You know, some have started talking about it because it's like the topic of the day.
But I think they don't understand the dangers of it.
And the dangers are huge when it comes to personal practice of medicine.
We will lose this ability to really take care of patients one-on-one if this is allowed.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, but I'm sure there'll be a liability waiver for you.

[SPEAKER_07]
They'll be fine, right?
Because of the waiver.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, just don't ask questions and just follow orders.
So are there people?

[SPEAKER_04]
I can touch on that, Steve.

[SPEAKER_10]
Well, yeah, hang on that.
Hang on.
Dr. Linley, are there any of your colleagues that you have informed about what's going on and
How do they react once they are informed and you tell them what this is about and what's going on?
What is their reaction?

[SPEAKER_14]
I would say the ones that I've informed, they know me well and they know that I don't just try to scare people around me.
They really talk about facts and look at the things very carefully.
Everyone that I've spoken about regarding this is concerned for sure.
Because if you think and look, why is the system broken?
Why has medicine gone off the rails?
Why has this even happened?
You have to look 10, 15, 20 years before.
Because we started practicing corporate practice of medicine.
A lot of physicians have left private practice, and now you have everyone employed.
They follow whatever employer tells them to do.
They don't have this ability to have a truly
intimate patient-physician relationship where it's just me and the patient and taking care of them.
So when you explain them from that point of view, they kind of the light bulb goes on because yes, they see that they have to do things certain way.
They're not allowed to leave this box.
And a good thing is a lot of them are starting to realize that the only answer in restoring trust in medicine is private practice of medicine.
This is why I'm against anyone who talks about universal health care.
Universal health care will actually be a grave for this country if you ever go that way.
Because just look at Canada, look at what they're doing with the maid service, this assisted, you know, suicide that's happening in Canada.
If you have your government or an institution in charge of your health, they are in charge of longevity of the citizens as well.
So I'm one of those people that runs far away from anyone who talks about universal healthcare.

[SPEAKER_10]
So go back to the one second, one second.
I promise after this one, the people who you said you talked to, they are concerned.
Are they actually doing anything either privately or publicly to draw attention to this issue?

[SPEAKER_14]
Yes, there are a lot of people, a lot of colleagues that you know that maybe before just talked about vaccines or injuries or whatever, but now they are starting to talk about poor health organization and they do recognize that you will lose this patient-physician relationship if it happens.
And then for the ones who are not out there speaking, they understand.
And if I ask them to call their congressman or something, they do because they understand what the danger is ahead.
But it's a huge mountain to climb.

[SPEAKER_10]
That's a first.

[SPEAKER_04]
OK, James.
In the treaty, some of the aspects of it, number one is they want to speed, Steve, this is unbelievable, but they want to speed up
the regulatory approval process.
They want to harmonize it so that basically if one nation says something's okay, the WHO says something's okay, boom, it's everywhere around the world.
It must be fine.
It's built back better, right?
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_10]
WHO is never wrong on anything.

[SPEAKER_04]
Never wrong.
And they also have two measly little paragraphs that
It seems like it was actually crafted by the United States delegation.
That's a rumor.
I can't confirm that.
But in Article 15, I believe it was, they want to have just, I can't come up with a better word other than cockamamie couple of paragraphs saying something like, oh, you know, nations should try to have some kind of compensation program.
for people who might be harmed from the vaccines.
It's the most milquetoast wording you could imagine.
And we all know that that is just an absolute abomination.
The law that made it, the laws, I should say, that make it so that pharmaceutical companies can harm, maim, kill and disable, you know, ruin people's lives have to be repealed.
You cannot have a law, it cannot be constitutionally legitimate to say that a company can do something to harm a person and not be liable for it.
If those liability protections were gone, we would never have to worry about the vast majority of vaccines because people would sue the moment they realized that they're being harmed by these injections.
That is at the core of the problem.
And their solution in this treaty is, oh, well, let's get government money to throw at the few people who are harmed when there's not enough money in the world to pay for the harm that these products have caused people.

[SPEAKER_07]
Question to follow up on what some of the things you were talking about from Carla Howell music Why not an initiative to keep track of candidates who support exit the who just as dr. Mary Talbot and Is tracking candidates who call for ending the mRNA jab?

[SPEAKER_04]
It's actually very easy if you go to exit the who.com There are 54 congressional candidates listed
Not one Senator has deemed it worthy to copy Andy Biggs' HR 79.
It's only three paragraphs long.
It's a page and a half.
And submit it in the Senate to have the Senate have companion legislation to exit the WHO.
Now there is companion legislation to leave both the UN and the WHO.
You can find that on stoptheglobalagenda.com.
That's a much bigger, you know, bar, much higher bar to jump over, but not one Senator has just told a staff member, could you copy Andy Biggs's HR 79 and submit it in the Senate?
Um, I've been trying to get people to call their senators.

[SPEAKER_10]
Why wouldn't, uh, why wouldn't Senator Johnson do that?

[SPEAKER_04]
I do not know.
We've tried.
When what happens?
Senator Johnson is.
very much focused on dealing with the harms that have been done to people because of the jabs.
And I think that's where he's putting all his life energy into it.
And, and so, you know, bless him for all that he has done.
Um, we need one Senator who wants to say, you know, this WHO has got to go.
And, and so, um, you know, if anyone is watching and they know their, their Senator,
How hard would it be to tell a staff member go copy Andy's bill and submit it in the house?
Well, you know how many senators don't take pharma money?

[SPEAKER_14]
So I was gonna say I'm on the board of Mary's organization, and we put that list, she works really hard at putting that list all the time.
So I will talk to her to do the same for WHO, but that is a little harder.
They are not necessarily willing to put themselves out there.

[SPEAKER_07]
All right, I'm gonna finish off with this question.

[SPEAKER_10]
I'm gonna have to start packing my bags, I think.

[SPEAKER_07]
Where are you going to go, Steve?

[SPEAKER_14]
Croatia.

[SPEAKER_10]
You should go to Croatia.

[SPEAKER_04]
I'm not sure.
Go to Geneva, Steve.
That's where we need you.

[SPEAKER_07]
This is for everyone here.
What do you think the application of AI, artificial intelligence, might have on this if it goes down?
Is the timing intentional?

[SPEAKER_14]
I don't know about timing.
I think the timing was going to happen no matter what.
It's one of those things that they were going to unleash the technologies getting us there.
I'm not a huge fan.
I think
The uses of AI can be amazing when it comes to healthcare and to some applications, but we have to be careful how we use it.
You know, CHD was writing an article about putting this
you know, telemedicine boxes in banks actually.
And even just that, the telemedicine aspect of medicine is horrible.
You can surely, you can do it for like acute illness, no problem.
But if you measure someone with chronic illness, you know, someone with hypertension, you actually have to listen to their heart.
You have to do palpation.
You have to, you know, see how they're sitting up.
You can't see that through the TV, no matter how good the monitor is.
So we need to be able to encompass AI within what we're doing and control it to a certain extent.
Otherwise, you know, it's really going to go crazy.

[SPEAKER_04]
I've been working with a couple of really good people who enjoy interacting with chat GPT and it is, you know, a curiosity.
And one of the things that we're doing is, you know, asking AI, you know, how do we beat this?
Give us some ideas about how we beat this.
But the other one, a gentleman that I hope to be published in this article as soon as possible, he went and was trying to get information about, you know, the potential adverse effects of the jabs.
And anytime he would say the words vaccine or injection or, you know, COVID-19, all he would get is propaganda.
And so what he did to turn it around was he started asking about genetic therapies and the door to chat GPT was open for that.
Oh, there's all these many problems associated with genetic injections.
And then after getting all of that information asked about the similarities and, you know, essentially chat GPT in regards to COVID is a propaganda machine.
If you go and you try to ask about anything,
you know, to deal with the COVID-19 vaccine, you're going to hit a brick wall of propaganda.
But I encourage everybody, you know, go ask about the side effects, the adverse events, the problems that are, you know, inherent in genetic therapy.
And you realize that, you know, they're talking, or CHAT GPT is giving you answers about the mRNA jabs.
And it led to all kinds of very interesting information that you wouldn't naturally think about with the injectables.
And so hopefully I'll be publishing that in the very, very near future.

[SPEAKER_07]
I was taking the question almost as also, can they manipulate the AI so that when people put in questions into chat, GPT, that they can manipulate the responses, not unlike what the Google AI did with
you know, changing who was the, the, the, the founder of the United States, like garbage, garbage in garbage out.
Right.
They can maybe manipulate what, what the AI puts out.
But anyway, thank you both for coming on and giving us your time.
We are planning to have a brief Twitter spaces after.
Can either of you make it over to Twitter spaces for a little?
Okay, we'll get you the link.
So if you want to join us over there after.
But Dr. Lindley and James, thank you so much for all the work you're doing and for giving us so much of your time this evening.
Thanks for having me.
Appreciate it.

[SPEAKER_14]
Thanks for having us.

[SPEAKER_07]
All right.
Take care.
We'll see you over at Twitter spaces.
Steve, hang in there.
I got a few more announcements to to make.
That was I don't know what's going to happen with this treaty, Steve.
It seems like it's hard to tell if they're going to be if anyone's going to be able to stop it.

[SPEAKER_10]
I'm I'm going to have to start looking into places to live in Croatia now.

[SPEAKER_07]
They're going to come after you first.
Anyway,
I want to remind people that your favorite book, Turtles All the Way Down, is available as an audiobook and is currently on sale at Amazon.
And if you have not read it yet, please order it now.
10% of the proceeds go to VSRF and you can find that at amazon.com backslash turtles dash all dash way dash down dash vaccine.
Janet will put that in the chat.
Also, another way to help us out is if you go to our Schwag shop and get some great merchandise.
You know, we sold out of everything at the COVID litigation conference.
We didn't even have any left for replatform.
Everything was sold.
So they are hot items, especially the misinformation super spreader stuff.
People love that.
And we sold out of everything that we brought down to Vegas.
So that's another great way to good to have company.

[UNKNOWN]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah.
So it'd be great to rock your misinformation, super spreader shirts out there.

[SPEAKER_10]
And then last, yeah, get, get, get them now before they're illegal.

[SPEAKER_07]
Mine gets me a lot of attention when I wear it down to the grocery store, I get a lot of raised eyebrows and then a few smirks and a couple of, I did have one guy come up to me and want to talk once.
So that was, that was what happened.
He was actually a Trump supporter, and I was talking about other candidates, but we had a very pleasant conversation.
But what was interesting is the people that were walking around us with my shirt were just enlisting to our talk about how wrong the mandates were and to force people to get an injectable.
It was met with a lot of displeasure and disapproval from people just walking by listening.

[SPEAKER_10]
But I did have that gentleman come up to me, you know, it would be interesting to actually stage something, you know, like outside of a supermarket where you have a, a staged, uh, discussion between pro and anti-vax, but you know, it's, it's staged and then to actually film the people's reaction to that, that would be.

[SPEAKER_07]
That's a good idea, Steve.
We need to maybe create something like that.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.
Livio, you and I could do it sometime.

[SPEAKER_07]
Absolutely.
All right.
Well, that'd be fun.
I may have to come out to California and join you for that.
Next week, we have
Let me put this on the screen.
Next Thursday, March 21st, we'll be back with radiologist Dr. Philip Triantos and Jamie Blattman, who tragically lost her healthy 25-year-old son Hunter due to the COVID vaccine.
So it should be an interesting conversation and we see it every day.
Young people are passing.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, you know, I did a post on X today and I said, you know, it's funny how you hear about these people dying, young people dying from heart attacks a day after the vaccine, but you don't hear the same number of people dying from a heart attack the day before.
they got their vaccine.
It's really odd.

[SPEAKER_07]
Not young people.

[SPEAKER_10]
I can't figure out why you would have more cases where people die after getting the vaccine rather than before.
It should be symmetrical.
Because we all know vaccines don't cause people to die.
So the deaths should be the same.
It should be all you can figure out why.
Yeah, I can't figure out whether why it's it's so it's so asymmetrical.
I've just never heard.
I've never heard of I'll have to check to see if anyone has heard of someone who died the day before their appointment to be vaccinated.

[SPEAKER_07]
They would never make their appointments.

[SPEAKER_10]
No, no, no.
No, I know.
But but but the point is that they would say, oh, you know, we were we were we're going to be vaccinated the next day.
And
Dang, we died.
My child died right before they would have been saved by the vaccine.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, I bet the number would be probably close, if not zero.
Close to zero, yeah.
Close to it, especially in the under 35 crowd.
Yeah.
You would think.
Well, Steve, thank you for your time and some great questions.
That was a great conversation.
I keep learning every day about what's going on with the who and
And we'll see we have a lot of wars out there trying to fight it.
So hopefully we can make a dent Thank you, Steve.
You're gonna go over to Twitter spaces.
I'm gonna finish off tonight's show with a video that we that I that I edited with
Jeannie Sheffield and Kat Lindley for the Global Health Project about who funds the Global Health Organization.
So this is part two.
Last week we showed at the end of the show part one.
This is part two.
Thank you everyone for being here tonight with us and have a great rest of your evening.
We'll see you next week.

[SPEAKER_11]
The funding of WHO is supposed to be first and foremost by its member states.
It is now 194 member states.
Now, over the last particularly last 20 to 30 years, that has changed significantly that the assessed contributions of the member states have been frozen and the so-called voluntary contributions to the organization have increased.
So right now we actually have a balance that the assessed contribution by member states are only 20% of the WHO's budget and 80% are voluntary contributions.
And of course, the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation has become a very large funder of WHO.

[SPEAKER_03]
Bill Gates has taken over control of WHO, and it's become his vessel for what he calls philanthropic capitalism, which is a way of making a lot of money by controlling these international institutions that make public health policy.
And for example, to get the WHO, which funds most of the African health departments to use its power and leverage over those departments to mandate vaccines for the children in those countries.
And those vaccines are made almost invariably by companies in which Gates has a private financial interest or which Foundation has a private financial interest.

[SPEAKER_05]
The World Health Organization celebrated its 75th anniversary in April.
The organization exerted a great deal of influence and power during the pandemic, and it's recently announced a new pandemic accord among its member states.

[SPEAKER_00]
So if we start to think about our conclusions to who runs the world in global health, our conclusion is that three actors, the United States, the United Kingdom, and the Gates Foundation dictate a lot of what's happened over the past few decades and in the shifts that we've seen.
these three actors, and it's not just in financing, it's in a myriad of other ways.

[SPEAKER_18]
So historically, international organizations relied both on assessed membership dues and voluntary contributions.
We see there's a rather finite number of significant donors on a voluntary contribution basis to the WHO, and 93% of what is voluntarily contributed to WHO is earmarked.

[SPEAKER_02]
From these extraordinary payments, the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, together with GAVI, which is actually in cooperation with the purpose of selling and maximizing the sales of vaccines,
They have obviously a business interest, so the majority of the extra funding of WHO came from this conglomerate building the Gates Foundation together with GAVI.

[SPEAKER_18]
And if we look at GAVI, while the Gates Foundation is much more important to GAVI on a relative basis than it is to the fund, it similarly is meaningfully the only non-state donor to GAVI and once again it's a
kind of similar group of countries.

[SPEAKER_17]
The pandemic treaty is half of what the WHO is pushing.
The other half is amendments to the international health regulations.
And if you put the two of them together and if they get adopted by the WHO and we are still members of the WHO, then it would be a serious challenge to our national sovereignty and our personal medical freedom.
So the way that it would hurt our national sovereignty
is that what the WHO is pushing, what these agreements are pushing is that instead of being an advisory body, what they would say would be binding, they would be able to mandate
how we handle any kind of a health situation.
That's the first thing.
The second thing is it would not just pertain to human health but also to animal health and plant health and the environment so that they could be mandating how we handle any kind of a health issue involving any aspect of life in the world.

[SPEAKER_15]
The pandemic treaty and the amendments to the international health regulations both require nations
to surveil the social media footprint of their citizens and to censor them if they try to spread any health information that goes against the WHO's narrative.

[SPEAKER_16]
Bill, how confident are you that we as a global community will deal with the next pandemic better?

[SPEAKER_06]
The cost of being ready for the next pandemic is not super large.
It's not like climate change where 10 trillion, 20 trillion, these are big numbers.
Global surveillance capability would cost like a billion a year.
The R&D that we need to do to get magic vaccines and diagnostics and therapeutics, that's less than 100 billion over the next decade.

[SPEAKER_12]
We need stronger financing.
It's obvious that nationally and globally we need substantial resources for strengthening global health security.
Our analysis estimates the needs at $31 billion per year.
We estimate that about $20 billion could come from existing and projected domestic and international resources.
leaving a gap of $10 billion per year.
To close the gap for the most essential functions such as surveillance, research and market shaping for countermeasures, we support the idea of a new dedicated financing facility anchored in and directed by WHO's constitutional mandate, inclusive governance and technical expertise and installed in the World Bank.
Any efforts to strengthen the global health security architecture can only succeed if they also strengthen WHO's role at its center, rather than centering further mechanisms, creating further mechanisms that would only create further fragmentation and potentially leave the world less safe.
