[SPEAKER_03]
I got infected about two weeks ago.
It was my third infection and I had been vaccinated and boosted a total of six times.

[SPEAKER_08]
When people are vaccinated, they can feel safe that they are not going to get infected.
Stops with every vaccinated person.
A vaccinated person gets exposed to the virus.
The virus does not infect them.
The virus cannot then use that person to go anywhere else.
It cannot use a vaccinated person as a host to go get more people.
That means the vaccines will get us to the end of this.
Essentially, vaccines block you from getting and giving the virus.

[SPEAKER_04]
Fully vaccinated people are at a very, very low risk of getting COVID-19.
Therefore, if you've been fully vaccinated, you no longer need to wear a mask.
We have all the vaccines we need.

[SPEAKER_03]
We just need our people to take it.
A, for their own protection, for the protection of their family.
but also to break the chain of transmission.
You want to be a dead end to the virus.
So when the virus gets to you, you stop it.
You don't allow it to use you as the stepping stone to the next person.
I think given the country as a whole, the fact that we have now about 50% of adults fully vaccinated and about 62% of adults having received at least one dose as a nation,
I feel fairly certain you're not going to see the kind of surges we've seen in the past.

[SPEAKER_04]
If you're vaccinated, you're not going to be hospitalized, you're not going to be in an ICU unit, and you're not going to die.
You're okay.
You're not going to get COVID if you have these vaccinations.

[SPEAKER_01]
tonight on VSRF Live, a very special first responder whistleblower episode where we'll hear directly from the front lines what many EMTs, firefighters and police officers have witnessed over the last four grueling years since COVID was unleashed on the public.

[SPEAKER_12]
You know, a good doctor pulled me aside and an ER I was working in, I went on another contract
And we've just seen massive amounts of death after a Pfizer just roll out of the shock in this community.
And when you do it in a smaller community like that and just start seeing the P E's, the sudden deaths, the sudden heart attacks, miscarriages, all rolling into your small communities, hospital, everyone notices it.
And the doctor pulled me aside and said, we're experiencing genocide.
They said, Harry, we're experiencing genocide.
This is genocide.
And that's when I just, okay, it's time to say something.
And I got online.
I tried to talk at first.
And I went on and I just put my face on there and said, I'm a paramedic.
I did CPR on a Pfizer line.
That line lost two patients within two weeks.
And that's basically what I said.
And it got millions of views within, you know, hours, but inevitably they deleted it and said it was for terroristic activity.
They called me a terrorist for trying to warn people about something that I'd seen as a paramedic.
So Paul Revere riding on the horse, basically they said, to heck with your horse, shot my horse and told me to go away.

[SPEAKER_01]
Good evening, everyone, and welcome to another episode of VSRF Live.
I'm your host, Livio Sanchez.
Tonight, we're diving deep into the experiences of those on the front lines, our brave firefighters and paramedics.
Over the last four years, they've faced unprecedented challenges, and tonight we'll hear their stories firsthand.
Joining us are some true heroes, EMT and paramedic Harry Fisher, former LA city firefighter and paramedic John Knox, and Beverly Hills firefighter and paramedic
Josh Satley, and vaccine injured New York firefighter Danny Smith, as well as vaccine injured former New York firefighter and EMT O'Brien Pastrana.
They'll be sharing their personal journeys, what they've encountered, and the impact this has had on their lives.
We're excited to have you all joining us for this powerful conversation.
Before we bring on our guests, I want to take a moment to thank all of you, our loyal VSRF followers, for showing up every week.
We can't do what we do without your support, as our work relies solely on donations.
Thanks to you, we continue to bring these vital conversations to light.
And to help raise funds for VSRF, we have some exciting new offerings starting tonight.
Let me share my screen here.
We are offering, we're raffling off a fantastic seven-pack substack membership to some of our all-time favorite citizen journalists, including Steve Kirsch, Dr. Mary Talley-Boden, Sasha Latipova,
Dr. Jessica Rose, I don't know, let me make sure you can see these on the screen here.
Dr. Jessica Rose, Dr. Meryl Nass, Jeff Childers, Coffee and COVID, and Warner Mendenhall.
10 bucks buys you one ticket and you can grab as many as you'd like to increase your odds.
The lucky winner will receive a full year of crucial breaking content from seven different substacks.
So please help support us and donate today.
Every donation counts and all donations are tax deductible.
Thank you again for your continued support.
Janet will put the Give Butter link in the chat.
And so before we continue on, I want to bring on who's been away for a while, our very own Nurse Angela back to VSRF Live.
Welcome back, Nurse Angela.
How are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_09]
Olivia, it's so good to be back.
I've been gone now for three weeks.
I was out of the country in my hometown of the Seychelles Islands, which is a small little group of islands in the middle of the Indian Ocean.
You know, I worked from there.
I was kind of behind the scenes.
So I've missed everybody.
I've missed being on the show.
And it was just so wonderful to come back and have all these emails.
The first thing that people worried about was, was I getting worse from my vaccine injury?
Because as people know, I'm doing very well and maintaining my health.
So it's very sweet for all the love and concerns, but it's great to be back.
And I missed all of you so much.

[SPEAKER_01]
I know you had a little bit of an update with the Seychelles and your experience there during what happened during COVID and obviously I think they got pretty vaccinated.
Can you want to share some of that info?

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, so it's a very small country.
There's only 99,000 people on the island.
And being that we're in the middle of the Indian Ocean, a thousand miles away from anywhere, it's, it's everybody talks.
And so we're, we were a very vaccinated country, one of the most vaccinated countries in the world.
Everybody can comply.
You know, it's a third world country and the government bought the vaccines and handed them out to everybody and encouraged everybody to take it.
And people listened and comply.
And.
what was noticed was people were getting injured.
And just like we hear here in the US, but it's a much bigger scale there because it is so small and people talk, young people dying, strokes, heart attacks.
And our normal death rate per year in the Seychelles was about 600 per year.
And what happened in 2021 was it jumped from the 600s to the 900s.
So we had an additional 300
excess death, which is huge when you're only having 600 per year.
And that did not happen in 2020.
It started in 2021.
And it's been consistent through 2023.
And we don't have the data yet for 2024.
But they were seeing, you know, seven babies, you know, still broke babies in a week, which is unprecedented.
While I was there, there were three doctors that had passed away unexpectedly.
And
You know, so many of my own family members, my cousin had to be helicoptered or airlifted to Dubai to have surgery in his early 40s after the vaccine.
My mom is vaccine injured.
I'm vaccine injured.
And the government, you know, what's not surprising is the government was put under pressure about this because it's just, it's so noticeable.
And they got in front of a public meeting and when questioned about it, instead of dealing with
these excess deaths, they decided overnight to make the population 20,000 more people to skew the data to make it look like we didn't have excess deaths.
And so in a population of 99,000, you can't in 24 hours have an additional 20,000 people born.
What they did was they included people that lived overseas like myself, expats.
So just goes to show that governments all over are just
incredibly corrupt and lie and manipulate.
And it was really, really sad to witness.
Um, but it's, it's good to be back and continuing the fight.
And I'm so excited about tonight because I love firefighters.
You know, we had a show with what the nurses saw and firefighters are, you know, they're, they're the ones out there bringing the patients in.
They're the first line of defense.
They're heroes.
They're incredible human beings.
And,
I'm really looking forward to hearing what they have to say.
And it breaks my heart that we have vaccine injured firefighters because, you know, when forcing them to take a vaccine and then seeing them get injured, it's just heartbreaking.
And one of the reasons why we're here is we're not leaving anybody behind.
We're going to continue fighting for all of those injured who have not received proper care and gotten better.
So it's wonderful to be here.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, and our guests are all willing to speak up.
As far as before the show when we were talking to them, nothing is off limits.
So I want to remind everyone, if you have questions, we will be having a Q&A at the end of the interviews.
So please put your questions in the chat all caps for any and all of our guests, including Nurse Angela.
Steve is running a little behind.
Uh, so he will be joining us, but he's coming back from a doctor's appointment and, um, our first guest has his camera off.
I'm just saying this live if, uh, there he is.
Okay.
So Angela, thank you for being on.
I may bring you back throughout the conversation, uh, to get your, uh, take on, on some things, um, or maybe if you want to, you know,
jump in and ask some questions because, you know, you being a nurse, you saw so much on the front line at the onset before your injury, I would imagine.

[SPEAKER_09]
I'd love to come back and chat with these guys.
This is a great group, guys.
Many of them were at our Defeat the Mandates LA, Defeat the Mandates in Washington.
So these guys have been fighting for a long time for
for medical freedom and, and, and now we've got to fight for some of their lives too, to get their health back and get them the justice that they deserve.
So.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yes.
Yes, we do.
We got to keep it going.
Okay.
So I'll, uh, I'm going to start the show with, uh, or the next, bring on our next guest.
Thank you.
We'll bring you back later on the show, Angela.
And now I'm going to bring on, give me one second, folks.
I'm going to bring on our first guest until Steve arrives.
So hopefully he'll be here soon, but I'm going to bring on Harry Fisher.
Harry, welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you this evening, sir?

[SPEAKER_12]
Good.
How are you doing?

[SPEAKER_01]
I'm doing well.
I'm going to read your bio before we get started.
You are an EMT and paramedic.
Harry is a nationally registered paramedic and has been an EMT since 1997.
Over his extensive career, he's worked in the ER, ICU and on ambulances in places like Oklahoma, New York City, North Dakota and Alaska.
Beyond his frontline experience, Harry has also penned a book that delves into his experiences during what he refers to as the COVID genocide.
You can find his book at fischersbook.com.
And again, thank you for joining us, Harry.
I just want to jump back all the way.
You started in 1997.
Why did you or how did you get into becoming a paramedic and EMT?

[SPEAKER_12]
Oh, early on in life, I mean, my grandmother had cancer and I was very young and I helped take care of her.
And so seeing my mom doing that kind of home health and then also just going through that, it probably had something to do with it.
Uh, but, but also whenever I, whenever I got a little older, I had a friend that you're saying you're having firefighters on.
I had a friend that wanted to be a firefighter.
Uh, he was about a year older than me and we, you know, at a young age, we would, we would party together, hang out and we were teenagers and he was going to be a firefighter.
And I went to go with him to try to do that.
And they were like, you're too young.
Sorry.
You can't, you, you can't cause you gotta be a certain age.
I was like, okay, fine.
I'm going to become an EMT because you could go to school to be an EMT.
You go to school, but you couldn't actually do anything until you were of age.
I went to school to be an EMT.
He's already retired or about to retire from being a firefighter.
And I made the terrible decision to be a paramedic.

[SPEAKER_01]
I would imagine you helped and saved many lives.
So for those people, I'm sure it's a great decision that you made.

[SPEAKER_12]
It was a decision, that's for sure.
I love my firefighter people.
We work closely with them.
They show up to the calls.
They show up to a lot of the calls nowadays and I'm grateful and I felt bad for them, especially after the shots rolled out.
When the shots rolled out, we were already lacking so much staff.
Because firefighters will show up and they'll, like if a person's dead on scene, firefighters will show up and they'll start doing CPR.
And there was times where firefighters were there doing that for 45 minutes to an hour before I could even get there because we were so busy.
So imagine doing CPR on someone for an hour.
waiting on us to take over the scene.
Because when we get there, I take over the scene.
I go, that's my patient.
I'm going to transport them.
So the looks from the fire crews were just like, where have you been?
Why is this?
It's not like they were trying to be mad at us, but I understood their anger because we were just so busy.
And
It's been a very bad scenario.

[SPEAKER_01]
I want to follow up on what you're talking about.
Was this happening when you said short staff because of COVID?
Was this before 2020 or did the staffing start at 2020 when the pandemic?

[SPEAKER_12]
This was when the shots were already rolling out.
Because during COVID, we were chill.
I mean, for the most part, people weren't calling 911.
It was not many calls at all.
Whenever the shots rolled out, they started releasing the community as well.
It was like a slow let go of the lockdowns.
And the calls came back that were normal.
And then we started having these abnormal calls on top of it.
So imagine during COVID it being silenced pretty much.

[SPEAKER_01]
I mean, we still get calls.
Where were you based?
Because obviously we were told stories of,
people, the hospitals overflowing and, you know, during that time I was in one of the major, major city.

[SPEAKER_12]
I was in Oklahoma city during that time and it's, it's huge.
I mean, we run a large area.
They send like the, the service I was working for at that time actually trains our special operations people.
Like it's so busy that, that our special ops and the military sends them to that service for us to train them because we're busy when COVID hit.
We weren't.
Our hospitals were slower.
Our children's hospital was basically just nothing was going on.
Whenever they started releasing the community, they actually come back and giving the shots.
That's when we got busy again.
And then we started running these abnormal calls on top of it.
So we got busy like we were.
And then those weird calls like the young strokes, the young heart attacks, all that stuff started happening.
And then on top of that, we were already short staffed because people were not wanting to take shots.
People were already burning out from the crazy things that were going on on the news.
Hey, you're gonna die.
You're gonna die.
You're gonna die.
So we were, whereas I was, whenever the shots finally rolled out and people were
And people were really hardcore dying.
We went from trucks that should be 40 on the street.
Like we should have had 40 trucks on the street.
We like some days I would show up and there would be 13.

[SPEAKER_01]
Wow.
Yeah.
I want a couple of points.
You said young people.
What, what age group are you talking about?
Like how young, like children, teenagers, middle age, like under 40.
You were saying all.

[SPEAKER_12]
all, I got all age, like, like where I was used to, I wouldn't expect to go to work and run a young heart attack being a kid having a heart attack.
Nowadays and whenever the shots rolled out, I would go to work going, God, I'm not looking forward to having a kid heart attack.

[SPEAKER_01]
And before the injections came out,
Did you see this even during COVID and before?
Did you see young people having these kinds of medical emergencies?

[SPEAKER_12]
No, it was that drastic.
Like it was so drastic.
I'm not the smartest person in the world.
I'm just not.
And it was so drastic that even I caught on.
Like it was something that was just like, wow, this is what you've got to expect now.
And whenever you put two and two together,
you start getting demonized, like you start, and that added to, that added fuel to my fire because it was like, I was going, hey, guess what?
I wasn't seeing this then.
I wasn't seeing this during COVID.
Now I'm seeing this now and I want to talk about it.
And then they were like, okay, TikTok ban.
Okay, YouTube ban.
Facebook, you can't access it anymore.

[SPEAKER_01]
Were you active on social media before this started happening?

[SPEAKER_12]
Barely.
I had a YouTube channel and I mainly talked about AI.
Like I had AI, I would talk mostly about how I thought, you know, it was really just making videos about AI and stuff like that.
It wasn't anything big.
And then finally, because I had a
you know, a few thousand people on there on that YouTube channel that I would just like talking about AI with me and God.
It was God and AI.
I would just talk about that kind of stuff.

[SPEAKER_01]
And AI is the new God now.

[SPEAKER_12]
It really is turning that way.
But I was just basically saying how AI was crazy.
You know, it's just, wow, I can't believe this is happening.
And then suddenly this all started and I decided to go ahead and put a little bit of information that I was seeing out there.
And then YouTube quickly said, Nope, not allowed to talk about that.
They deleted me, banned my account.
And I was like, okay, well, you know, that's weird.
I didn't even say anything that bad.
And I was just saying, hey, I'm seeing a lot of really bad stuff happening after these shots.
And I went on to TikTok and I really got heavy on TikTok whenever my brain really switched on to we're being killed.
Like, I mean, it was like, it was like, hey, someone's trying to hurt us.
because a doctor pulled me aside and said, we're experiencing genocide.
Like I went to this one contract and we had our nurse manager, uh, ended up being having to be innovated on the job.
We had seen tons of miscarriages and they just had the shot roll out like in this small community.
And the doctor actually was, uh, it was awake.
It was truly awake.
And the doctor pulled me aside because I was always verbal about, about, Hey, what I've been seeing.
And the doctor pulled me aside and was like, hey, we're experiencing genocide.
This is really bad.
And I went out to the garage where my ambulance was because I was working ER and ambulance.
Some of the ERs and ambulances are connected.
They, you know, like old school hospitals where if we get a call while I'm working inside the ambulance, I'll go get in the ambulance with my driver.
And sometimes I have an EMT, sometimes I just have a driver and they'll drive me to the call.
I'll take care of the patient and bring them back to the hospital.
That was one of these kinds of hospitals.
And I went out to my ambulance bay and I said, I got online.
I did like a video and I said, I'm a paramedic.
I've done CPR and a Pfizer line.
That line lost two patients within two weeks.
That was pretty much the gist of the video.
And it got a lot of views, but it got deleted within 24 hours from TikTok.
They called me a terrorist.
They like terroristic activity for, for being a paramedic, trying to warn you about something that I was concerned or scared about.
And that's whenever all the stuff that had skipped in really went into overdrive in my head.
And it was about 24 to 48 hours of me being sort of scared.
Scared, I mean, I won't lie, I was afraid.
I was afraid because something that big had been manipulating and lying to the community.
And then they called me a terrorist, which means I'm already
Mark is someone who's not going to get along with whoever this is trying to hurt you.
And they're doing a really good job of telling you it's safe and effective.
So that's a big bad.
That's something that's really big, really bad.
And I prayed a lot and then decided to just keep going.
Just keep trying.
I let my being a bit pissed off keep me going instead of being scared and hiding.

[SPEAKER_01]
Early on, when you spoke to this doctor and he mentioned that people are being genocided, were you talking to other colleagues, other EMTs, what was it like on the ground with other people that you were talking to?
Were they disagreeing with you and face to face or what did they think was happening?

[SPEAKER_12]
Here's what's strange.
Okay, get this.
Imagine the scenario where you're innovating your nurse manager.
And you have a doctor that's scared to talk about it, so I'm not going to talk about it to everyone, but bring the people aside like me and say what they're experiencing.
But imagine your nurse manager just got innovated and you're talking to one of the nurses at the time, like during the whole process when it's all going on while we're
Like, and say you're all up there at the counter and I'm saying, Hey, I've seen, I've done CPR to Pfizer line.
Like all this bad stuff is going on.
And then imagine another nurse who's a 30.
I'm pretty sure she was like a 35 year nurse or something.
Oh, older nurse, super experienced.
And she's tearing up and sad.
And she's like, my husband died a day after his shot of a heart attack.
And then his brother died a week after of a heart attack and we're all standing there talking about it.
And then there's this one nurse going, I think it's super safe and effective.

[SPEAKER_01]
Like, like, she's listening to this whole conversation and then she's.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yes.
Yeah.
Imagine, imagine that's what's occurring.
And there's still this one going, y'all are crazy.
It's super safe.
And I'm like, her husband died a day after and we just innovated our nurse, man.
Oh y'all are just conspiracy theories.
So that's how trapped these minds are.
I realized early on that people are going to be so encapsulated in what CNN, MSNBC, which I don't want to blame them completely, but they have a huge blame in this game.
They are trapped.
Their minds are controlled by what they're being told.
And they will listen to the FDA, the CDC, the World Health Organization.
The World Health Organization, the CDC, the FDA, and the WDF could come out tomorrow and say, you're all women, and you often get pregnant.
And then most of them would go out and probably buy tampons.
Like it's really that bad.
It's that bad.

[SPEAKER_01]
All right.
I got a little anecdotal experience.
Recently had some friends of my girlfriend come visit from the West Coast and they've fully, fully injected.
And before they flew out, because there was another outbreak of COVID out in California, they decided to go get another jab.
another booster and flew out.
He had a pre-existing condition that he had beaten way back in like the mid 2010s and it started to come back.
And then shortly after he got the booster, they gave him a whole breathing apparatus to travel with, comes out
They're visiting, I'm talking to them, I'm listening, I'm starting to drop a little bit of seeds about the vaccines and stuff without trying to scare them too much.
And they're, you know, not really listening, little deer in headlights, you know, the vaccine saved millions of people and all that stuff.
That's fine.
They go off, visit some friends, have dinner.
Next day they got a call from the friends that they visited.
The friend tested positive and they were showing some signs of some flu symptoms and stuff.
And then of course they started getting sick.
And instead of really thinking, wait a minute, I just got a booster and I'm getting sick again, they went and got Paxlovid and just continue to get even sicker.
So I share that because even if they're experiencing it firsthand, people
They're, they're, they're so brain, uh, men decided to quote Matthias Desmet, like, right?
The, the mass hypnosis there, there's no way out of this, this mental bubble that they're in.
And I've seen it firsthand time and time again.

[SPEAKER_12]
So it's, it's, it's wild.
It's, it's, it's insane to watch it occur, to see it occur, to, to be on scene with, you know, with the, with the death happening right in front of you.
And whenever I ask about, because I ask, I ask about the vaccines.
That's a part of my history that I'm going to gather.
Like if I'm going to ask you about smoking or drinking, I'm certainly going to ask you about an experiment that you took that has proven to be dangerous.
because it's proven to be dangerous.
Even their own paperwork says, like, have you ever looked at 5.3.6 cumulative analysis and just the things that they, that they sort of like, well, I mean, I guess it could happen.
Like, I mean, it's, it's like, oh my gosh, that's eight or nine pages of crap.
So, so I'm going to ask about this dangerous substance.
I'm just, I'm going to, and that takes a lot of people off because they think I'm, um,
They think I'm heartless to ask about it.
Like nurses here recently have thought I'm heartless to ask about the shots in grieving situations when a mom has lost their child.
But if I don't ask, who's going to?
And then if they ask me why, why aren't you asking about the COVID shots?
Well, because we've seen a lot of deaths since the COVID shots have come out.
I'm not gonna lie to you.
I'm not going to sugarcoat reality for you.
If I do, I'm no better than what we're fighting against.
I've got to tell you the truth.
And that's where we live, and a lot of these people, even our people,
are people that are fighting on our side are still pretty brainwashed because they still freak out whenever you when you ask that question which which is amazing to me it's it's it's mind-boggling you can you can have vaccine injured people that are still scared to ask the question that means that this
this whole program that we're in when it comes to mind program, it's really strong.
Like they did a good job at messing with people's heads.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
I want to follow up with what you're talking about.
And, and, um, cause I'm not an EMT, I'm not a firefighter.
Um, I've been in situations where I've needed help.
So, and I've been asked some health questions about this is before 2020.
Um, and so I don't, you know, VSRF or I, we don't take a position one way or another, but just playing devil's advocate.
Um,
Could it exacerbate a situation, any of these questions that might be asked and add to their trauma that they're existing?
Is there a reason not to other than what you're saying?

[SPEAKER_12]
I mean, the same way that saying like whenever someone's dying of cancer, did you smoke or did anyone in your household smoke?
Does that exacerbate the situation?
The only reason that this would exacerbate the situation is because the shots have been so politicized.
They've been that we we are being told it's taboo.

[UNKNOWN]
Don't say anything.

[SPEAKER_12]
Hey, that uncle raped you.
Don't say anything about the uncle during Thanksgiving.
No, I'm going to talk about the uncle because he's a douchebag.
I'm gonna bring it up.
You're not allowed to rape the entire country and the world and good people should be talking about it.
We should be at the very least right now bringing it up.
I'm not gonna push that under the rug.
You're not allowed to get a pass from me.
You've tried to take my job.
You've tried to give me an experiment and I'm watching you kill children.
You don't get a pass from me.

[SPEAKER_01]
understandable.
Um, did, were you mandated to get the vaccine that when you were, when they came out and what, uh, what did you experience?

[SPEAKER_12]
I got a, uh, I got a religious exemption.
My religious exemption was approved.
I was working a contract at the time and mine was approved.
It said, dude, due to the fact that I've done CPR and a Pfizer line, I've got it memorized because I've said it so many times due to the fact that I've done CPR and a Pfizer line.
I cannot, in good conscience, put that substance into my body, give to Caesar what a Caesar's give to God, what is God's, and this body is God's temple."
And they approved that.
And then they fired me within days.
They were like, oh, hey, even though we're short staffed, we don't need you anymore.
And it was very difficult to get a job for two, like I couldn't get a job for two straight months a little over.
So I went for two months with kids to feed, four kids.
I went for two months thinking my country hates me.
They want me to take something I've seen kill people.
I got an approved exemption, which one, I shouldn't need an exemption to work.
Like that whole process of needing an exemption,
should be deemed tyrannical.
That's insane.
I pay taxes.
You can't tell me I have to take some medical experiment to work.
That's, that's just crazy to me.
But I went through that time in our life and I was sitting there going, how am I going to do this?
God, what do I do?
Like there was a point where I was crying out to God help
And, and I ended up finding a place that was an ambulance service that allowed my exemption.
And actually the owner of the ambulance was like, yeah, screw them.
I won't take it either.
So God hooked me up.
God was like, yeah, I've got somebody here for you and you can go to work.
And I went to work.
Oh, it was, it was great.
Like I within days of crying out, like getting on my knees, praying.
I had that job and that guy that owns the service, one of the oldest services in Oklahoma, he followed Peter McCullough.
It was just wild.
It was super, super awesome.

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, we have Steve Kirsch in the house.
So I'm going to bring him on to just follow up this conversation before we bring on the rest of our firefighters.
Steve, welcome back to VSRF Live.
I love the shades.
How are you doing this evening, sir?

[SPEAKER_05]
I'm doing okay.
I probably need to change the shirt though.
I probably want to have like a black suit cause to go with the glasses and I can be like men in black.

[SPEAKER_01]
Little men in black would be cool.
You look pretty cool as is actually the hot pink is working for you.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, so so I just had a, I just came from the eye doctor, because I was advised to go just to make sure everything is okay.
So the the the thing that that causes is, is I was trying to track my to see if I could make any difference in my subretinal hemorrhage.
I learned how to read OCTs.
I've got a DICOM image reader and converter for all OCT devices.
So I set myself up.
I'm there with my USB stick, and they can't scan me in the OCT. And I'm going, what?
After I had my retinal bleed, there's no, no problem scanning me.
So they said, Nope.
We just get black.
Never.
And in fact, the, the woman, the first woman who was the two, there were two technicians there.
And they said, she said, I've been here for four years, I've never seen anybody I couldn't scan before.
And
And I said, OK, so I'm like one in every four years.
They'll see someone like me.
And then I went to Stanford.
They said, oh, you should go to Retinal Specialist and get scanned there, because they have newer, higher tech, better equipment, and they can scan you.
And so I go to Stanford, and they have the exact same Zeiss OCT equipment.
And so that tech can't scan me either.
So then I'm going like, wait a minute, wait a minute.
You guys could scan me before you can't scan me now.
So then talk to my friend who's a retinal specialist at Stanford.
And he said, I think you probably have your blood has gone into the vitreous.
And so that's essentially creating another layer of blackness for you.
And I said, yeah, that would make sense because I can't see out of my sides anymore.
It's, it's, it's now fuzzy.
And he said, yep, that's probably it, but you should go make sure there's nothing else that's wrong.
So I went in and I had an ultrasound, uh, done because they can't see through the OCT. And then he uses a slit lamp to see what was going on and effectively confirmed, uh, that there was nothing amiss.
And he had predicted that the blood would go from
underneath the retina into the vitreous layer.
And he said, it's no big deal.
It's going to clear itself up and in a matter of weeks and you'll get your peripheral vision back that the little that I had and
And then he dropped the bomb shell on me saying, because I asked him, I said, look, am I going to get any of my site back?
And he said, well, it's a little bit like dropping an atomic bomb on a city.
Once the blood is there for the next 20 minutes, things are alive.
And then things die off pretty quickly.
It's unlikely you're gonna recover any anything close to your ever your original vision and then I I was on a call with dr. Weinreb at UCSD About some of the research they're doing but they're not doing research in any of this area so it's my prognosis for recovering my vision and
is very poor at this point.
It's possible that I will recover some of my vision.
Nobody knows how much.
A lot of people think that the damage is done and other people think that their variable outcomes
Uh, and you want to reduce the possibility of scarring and the reduced the possibility of scarring by, uh, eliminating the blood from under the, uh, RPE and, and under the retina, but mostly under the RPE, but most of my blood's under the RPE.
So that may be too much information for, for most people, but the, the, the lesson.
The expensive lesson that I learned is if you take any supplements, be sure you know why you're taking the supplements and don't take supplements you don't need.
So always look for counter indications for anything that you're taking.
And when you have any eye issues at all, you want to really make sure that your retinal specialist knows exactly not just what medications you're on, but also what supplements you're on.
Because that, I think, made a huge difference in my particular case.
You know, you shouldn't just assume that, uh, a protocol that's safe for the vast majority of people is also safe for you.
And so I made that mistake.
I didn't, I didn't sort of read the label and, um, and double check.
And that cost me an eye and that's a, it's an expensive lesson.

[SPEAKER_01]
Dude, what about your other, your good eye?
Is there, um, they,
told you anything about that being affected, your left eye?

[SPEAKER_05]
It appears to be okay.
It has glaucoma, and so I will eventually lose vision in that eye as well.
I just don't know when.
So I will eventually go totally blind, which is sad.
Oh, Steve.
But this is, yeah, you know.

[SPEAKER_12]
Well, that sucks.
I'm sorry, man.
I've been worried about you.
I've been praying for you.
I'll keep praying for you.
I'm sorry this has happened to you.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, all of us are and we do appreciate you updating us because we're all concerned and are praying for you and maybe things will turn around and there'll be something that happens or comes back.

[SPEAKER_05]
You know, you can't lose hope that that's the case.
I had a discussion with my retinal specialist today about that, and he said, you know, if there was something that we could do to help you, we would know about it.
And, uh, but he also said that we only know about stuff that's in double blind or in randomized trials.
He said, you know, once it's proven a randomized trial, then the whole industry knows about it and we'll be on it.
And he said that there's a lot of stuff that's out there that hasn't been proved in randomized trials and that, um,
they feel the evidence is sketchy on.
So whether that stuff works or not, um, is an interesting question.
And of course we all know that randomized trials of course don't necessarily tell you the truth, but the, um, you know, the, the issue is that if you have stuff like this that may work, you probably aren't going to spend, um, a million dollars or $10 million or $20 million to do a randomized trial to prove it.
to the to people just because of the the time and expense that's involved.
So a lot of things that may in fact work and that there may be some case series on and maybe some, you know, unless somebody took the time to write it up as a as a case series, you wouldn't know about it.
And so people do have variable
recoveries from this, and they don't know why.
Some people will recover a lot of their vision, other people will be scarred, and they don't understand what the difference is between the people that do well and the people that don't do well.
So that suggests that there is some variable that you can tweak if you could figure out what it is to have a better outcome.
But I think the best thing for this is just to say that, hey, look,
This thing happened to me and let people know to be careful to be careful about any anything that you take into your body.
I don't care whether it's a vaccine or or a supplement or a drug.
Make sure you really understand the the interactions and and make sure that all of your specialists know what you're you're taking so that you can look for things that you probably are probably not going to provide you any benefit whatsoever and would only contribute downside risk.
Because I think that the I was on the Peter McCullough protocol, which I think is a great protocol.
I mean, it's
highly, highly effective for preventing blood clots and for eliminating any blood clots that you might have.
It turned out that wasn't my problem because I was just thinking that there's no harm in taking that.
But because I had a retinal condition and because for whatever reason, my doctor didn't realize that I was taking these three supplements,
Uh, my retinal bleed was, uh, was the mother of all retinal bleeds.
And the first thing that happened when I went, ran into my, uh, uh, the first surgeon, uh, that I saw on this said, what blood thinners are you on?
And I said, I'm not any blood thinners, but I think I know what you're talking about.

[SPEAKER_01]
They, uh, attributed any of this to the vaccine.

[SPEAKER_05]
No, and, and I'm not sure that you can make that association.
It's certainly possible that because the vaccine definitely exacerbated my diabetes.
And diabetes can damage your blood vessels, especially in your eyes.
And your eye is just a remarkably delicate structure.
I mean, I'm looking at these OCT images, and I'm seeing things like these things are like one micron thick.
So we're talking just like hair thin,
membranes and stuff in the eye.
It's just amazing how fragile and intricate your eye is probably.
I don't know.
I don't know about the rest of the body, but this has got to be one of the most sophisticated pieces of equipment in your body.
And so it's remarkably small and it's also remarkably fragile.

[SPEAKER_01]
No doubt, no doubt.
So Steve, Harry and I spoke for a while, and I don't know if you were able to watch or listen to any of it on your way back home, but we've got four patient firefighters waiting.
So I want to bring our next guest on to join us, O'Brien Pastrana.
Welcome to VSRF Live, O'Brien.
How are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_02]
Hey, how you doing?
Thanks for having me.

[SPEAKER_01]
Thank you for being here.
I want to read your bio before we get into asking some questions.
You joined the FDNY Fire Department in New York Emergency Medical Services in 2006 at the age of 20 and were promoted to firefighter in 2013.
You had ambitions to rise to the rank of fire marshal, but those dreams were dashed when you developed myocarditis from the vaccine, resulting in heart failure and permanent disability.
Despite these challenges, you are currently enrolled in college, working towards a degree to secure a more stable future.
O'Brien, thank you for joining us this evening.

[SPEAKER_02]
Thanks for having me, Livio.

[SPEAKER_01]
I want to just start by asking where you're at right now.
I know you're you're in a lawsuit of some sort or you're you're trying to get some sort of competence, you know, something for what they did, right?
Mandating you and getting the vaccine.
Where are you at right now?

[SPEAKER_02]
The first part of my lawsuit was what's called an Article 78.
For me personally, that was, I guess you would say it would have been a huge turnaround for everyone else that was in a similar situation as myself.
or further down the road who's been affected because there are many people that are still employed with the fire department who don't speak because the fire department has a social media clause where you're not allowed to speak about anything while employed with the New York City Fire Department.
If you do, there are serious repercussions with that.
And I'm sure as Daniel Smith
and other firefighters can tell you that will keep a lot of people quiet while employed with the New York City Fire Department because if I would have known what my outcome would have been at this point, I'm pretty sure I would have spoke up way earlier than I did.
And it keeps you real quiet.
If I would have been able to win that article 78, I think it would have been a huge turnaround.
But as we all know, the city of New York is relentless in giving in to accepting responsibility for what they forced upon its first responders and emergency medical personnel and all the heroes during COVID and the plandemic who are now
You know, zeros, like they said, you went from heroes to zeros in a short amount of time.

[SPEAKER_05]
What, what was your situation?
When, when did you get your myocarditis after your first, first shot, second, second shot?

[SPEAKER_02]
So I had anaphylactic reaction immediately.
Um, I was told.
This was normal.

[SPEAKER_05]
Um, it is normal.

[SPEAKER_02]
Unfortunately, it's not supposed to be normal, but yeah, as Livio said, you know, I started as an EMT with the fire department.
So I dealt with emergencies on a, on a daily basis.
Um, and, uh, I, I never made it to the rank of paramedic.
Uh, but you know, when you work hand in hand with paramedics and you go to EMT training and all that stuff.
You train, you study, you know what myocarditis is.
In my career as an EMT, I never once came across myocarditis, not even pericarditis.
All of a sudden, this is the new norm.

[SPEAKER_05]
So in other words, when COVID, so you were there when COVID was there and you never saw any myocarditis or pericarditis cases?
Not even before COVID.
Right, right.
But but you know that the medical literature claims that the rates of myocarditis and pericarditis from the virus is far exceeds that from the vaccine.
And so therefore, you're better, better getting the vaccine.
And of course, where we all think that that's just completely ridiculous.

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, I didn't even get COVID.
I didn't even get COVID till after I had the vaccine.
So that that was just
Uh, more proof that no one can say, well, you got this from COVID.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yep.
So you got how long was it?
What was it on your first shot or second shot that you got?

[SPEAKER_02]
Immediately after my first shot, I had, I had gotten my first symptoms of anaphylaxis that I think it was as severe as, as it was.
Surely coming out to be afterwards.
No, because you know, in the fire department, you have to check in with doctors.
They have fire department doctors.
We also call them timekeepers because you're not really evaluated by your fire department doctors.
It's like going into an office, seeing someone at the other end of a desk that's typing away saying, okay, what are you here for?
Come back in three days.
That's your experience with the fire department doctors.
Those doctors said to me, this is normal.
You should be, you know, you'll be okay.
Just come back to work in a week or something like that.
The anaphylaxis is normal.
Well, you know,
Of course they're, they're not going to say that to me, but they're saying this is normal.
Um, as the days went on, my symptoms, my symptoms progressed.
They got very, very.

[SPEAKER_12]
What were you experiencing?

[SPEAKER_02]
So it started out with urticaria, hives, itching, swelling, and, uh, most of it was on my head or on my face.
Uh, it became.
It became significant to me when the swelling and the hives and everything were very close to my airway.
At that point I said to myself, the last thing I want is for my airway to be impeded.
And the only thing that was able to keep or subside the symptoms was prednisone, heavy duty steroids.
I had to check in.
I had to check in with the doctors on a daily basis routinely and they would just say, you know, continue to take the steroids.
check up with an allergist to see what you're allergic to.
I kept saying, I'm not allergic to anything.
The only thing that's been different is I got the vaccine.
And did you get one to get a second shot?
I was forced to get my second shot.
I can't believe that.

[SPEAKER_01]
So you had that reaction pretty much right after the first one and they forced you to get a second shot and they forced me to get a second shot.

[SPEAKER_02]
I had already been three, three weeks after the first shot.
Uh, just about, just about three weeks after the first shot.
And what brand did you get?
I got Pfizer.

[SPEAKER_01]
Okay.
And you told me before the show that they told you after the first one that that was just normal.

[SPEAKER_02]
That's normal.
I kept saying, I think this is the vaccine.
Nothing is new.
No, no, no, no, you're just stop it.
This is not the vaccine.
This is normal.
Continue to get vaccinated or you're not going to be able to come back to work.
I was in the ER twice prior to getting my second vaccination.
What happened after the second vaccination?
The shortness of breath and the chest pain was through the roof.
Wow.
I was given heavy duty steroids, prednisone, salumetral, benadryl, VIP.

[SPEAKER_05]
and my oxygen levels could not exceed over 90.
Wow.
And did they tell you that that was normal as well for your second shot?

[SPEAKER_02]
You know, the fire department documented everything, but what they document and what they tell you are two completely different things.
Right.
So what did they document?

[SPEAKER_05]
Okay, so in both cases they said this is normal and they documented this is normal and they told you it was not the vaccine?

[SPEAKER_02]
While documenting that everything I had said and everything I had done was COVID vaccine related and I had a side effect to the vaccine.

[SPEAKER_05]
They documented that but they told you that everything is normal.
They didn't say anything to you about that this is the vaccine.

[SPEAKER_02]
That's correct.
Well, my wife actually, uh, she's a nurse.
She scheduled me an appointment with a cardiologist and, you know, me having some medical background.
I'm like, you know, you're crazy.
I'm 36 years old.
I don't need to see a cardiologist.
What are you talking about?
You know, I went to go see the cardiologist.
He said, this sounds like myocarditis from the vaccine.
And he said, you need to be tested further, but I do not suggest you go back to work.
I had an MRI taken and it showed that I was in moderate heart failure at the time.
And that was three months after the vaccine.
So who knows what my levels were as soon as I took it.
Right.

[SPEAKER_05]
And so did your cardiologist who told you that, that your myocarditis was due to the vaccine.
Did he say that, Oh, you're the first guy ever to, uh, what did he say?

[SPEAKER_02]
Oh, he's the, the, the things that they had been seeing in their cardiology office was,
You know, it was, you know, obviously, you know, I'm sure there's HIPAA violations that nobody wants to, you know, be held accountable for, but they had been seeing things.
And, um, you know, even in the fire department, I had, I had heard from some of the medical professionals there that said, you're not the first guys were already getting retired because of this.

[SPEAKER_05]
And that, guys that started getting retired, that only happened after the vaccines rolled out and not before.
That's correct.

[SPEAKER_02]
Wow.
Unless you had the time to retire, there's no such thing as retiring in the fire department.
And I'm sure Danny can tell you, Daniel Smith will tell you the same thing.
How many firefighters truly retire at the age of 20?
Nobody wants to leave the fire department.
No firefighter gets on the fire department to get rich.
They do it because they want to help.
You know, this is, this is something that they want to do.
They want to make a difference.
You love your job.
You know, I can't even have a conversation without being short of breath where I need to regain, you know, this isn't normal.
I'm 38 years old.

[SPEAKER_01]
You'd mentioned that there were others too in the fire department that I think you mentioned they even died after getting the vaccine.
Is that correct?
Or how many injured were there?

[SPEAKER_02]
Initially, due to unknown medical reasons, I think there were about five or six that died right after the vaccine.
Unknown medical reasons.

[SPEAKER_05]
You know, are they going to say it?
Who knows?
Five or six that died right after.
You mean like within 24 hours of the no, no, within within a couple of months.

[SPEAKER_02]
You know, I don't have the I don't have it exactly in front of me.

[SPEAKER_05]
It's pretty unusual for firefighters to die like that.
Did they die in their sleep?
How old how old were they?

[SPEAKER_02]
Their ages ranged from young men to middle-aged men, but all of them were unknown medical reasons.
I can't divulge in certain things because I'm sure I don't want to misspeak.
But I'm sure everybody knows.

[SPEAKER_05]
So five or six, is that five or six out of five hundred or is that five or six out of a hundred or what's the what are the numbers here?

[SPEAKER_06]
This is Daniel Smith.
I could add to that.

[SPEAKER_01]
Let me let me bring Daniel on here and do a quick bio for Daniel because he's got some answers to all these questions.
I want to have him join the conversation here.
Daniel earned a BS in physical education and an MA in health education from Adelphi University, where he graduated summa cum laude.
He then became an EMT and was the valedictorian of his paramedic class before joining the FDNY in 2005.
Today, Daniel served as a captain in South Queens and is an active member of the National Coalition of Frontline Workers.
Unfortunately, Daniel has suffered vaccine injuries and is currently receiving treatment from Dr. Pierre Khoury's office.
In addition, he has been working diligently to collect data from other vaccine injured members of the FDNY.
Daniel, thank you for being with us tonight.
Continue.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
And are you still with the FDNY?
Like, can you actually talk to us?

[SPEAKER_06]
I am with the FDNY.
I am not really concerned about any blowback.
I think this is just too important of a situation.
You want to call me a whistleblower?
That's okay.
I will give you facts of what I know and some lies that the FDNY has told all of us.

[SPEAKER_05]
Facts and lies.
I love it.
I'm a numbers guy.
Can you tell me some facts and numbers?
How many people died out of how many and stuff like that?
I love numbers.

[SPEAKER_06]
Sure.
So the mandate went into effect.
So I could even lead up a little bit before the mandate.
First, they offered the vaccine.
A few people took it.
Then prior to the mandate, they said, okay, if you don't have the vaccine,
We'll test you every week.
O'Brien can attest to this.
So every week we come in, you take a test, and the numbers were down.
Now, I will say I was not wearing a mask ever.
At home, out.
at work, face to face with some other people that had gotten COVID.
I didn't even have the sniffles for a year and a half.
Same.
So we were testing negative, testing negative, testing negative.
Nine days before the mandate, they gave us nine days after everyone was testing negative.
There was insane amount.
No one was getting COVID.
It was after Alpha variant and the Delta, which was very severe.
And we there was, I guess, healthy people.
We had
already had built up immune systems.
I didn't even have the sniffles.
They gave us nine days and then there was the march on city hall which those lies they televised a little bit where it was like a break in people there was thousands of people I saw stuff it was like 200.
Mayor de Blasio at the time downplayed the march
And that's when I know we were in trouble.
That March was on a Monday, and October 29th was the last day to get the vaccine.
So October 29th, 2021, I went to Fort Totten, I got the vaccine from the FDNY.
Otherwise you lose your job.
Otherwise I lose my job.
I go on leave without pay and I took the risk for my family even though we knew it was unsafe.
I knew it was unsafe.
My wife, she was forced to get the vaccine working for a hospital.
She's a nurse and she had to get a hysterectomy.
So 100% of the people that took the vaccine in my household are vaccine injured and I obviously refused to give it to my children.

[SPEAKER_05]
A hundred percent.

[SPEAKER_06]
A hundred percent.

[SPEAKER_05]
Meaning just you and your wife?
Me and my wife.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, me and my wife and my two kids.
There's no way we were going to give it to them.
But so October 29th, that was the mandate.
A lot of people caved like myself.
I admitted I caved.

[SPEAKER_05]
If you had to do it again, would you have caved or would you like?

[SPEAKER_06]
If I knew, I would have suffered the financial loss because I would never want to go through this or wish this on anyone.
So October 29th, several people caved, such as myself.
So I'd say a few thousand, at least a couple thousand people got the vaccine in that very last moment.
And in the next three months, we lost six active firefighters, two of which had medical exemptions denied.
One of which, after I collected some data, took the same vaccine with the same lot number as myself on that day.
Also matching lot numbers, there's four of us that have cardiac issues from the same lot number.
Now, with the data that I've collected, there's been vaccine injuries from all brands, Pfizer, Moderna, Novavax, Johnson & Johnson, so all of them, various
Various issues, but a lot of young males with cardiac issues and I have a lot of Moderna only because I think like my theory was alright I'll go to the fire department.
So it's on record.
They have record of it.
If something happens to me, maybe I'll get taken care of but this is obviously not the case and Also, this is just word of mouth.
So from the data I've collected there's also several members that I spoke to that refused to give me their information and
They don't want to go on record of having these issues because they're afraid, like look what's happening to O'Brien.
O'Brien was forced to take this from the FDNY and they don't even want to give him a disability pension.
As far as I'm concerned, this is nine 11 all over again.
They tested the air down at nine 11 and they said the air is fine.
And now we still have people dying consistently from nine 11 cancers.
They should all get at the very least disability pension.

[SPEAKER_02]
I said those exact same words to the fire department doctor.
And she said, you're crazy.
I said, is it just me or is this nine 11 all over again?
That's why I got on the job.

[SPEAKER_06]
So I am still full duty.
But my situation was I have severe bradycardia and
my future basically with greater cardio, there's no medication.
So I went to an electrophysiologist pretty much.
He says as long as I can tolerate it for now, as long as I'm not passing out and I can get my heart rate up exercising, which I still can, but eventually it'll be a pacemaker.

[SPEAKER_05]
Wow.
And so did you say you have, do you have stats by, do you know what the number of doses that were given to the 2000
Firefighters, do you know the brands that you know, whether it was a Moderna brand or Pfizer, but you know the brand mix and do you know what the you know, because it's almost like a perfect clinical.
It's almost a perfect clinical trial because the firefighters are, you know, very sort of a homogeneous type of, you know, really healthy male profile, not necessarily all males, but you know, it's probably mostly males.

[SPEAKER_06]
So I do have, I only have the stats of people that gave me their information, but I will tell you this also, how very easy it would be for the FDNY and the medical office to get the information.
Every year we go to medicals, we have a fill out a 30 minute questionnaire of your lifestyle and ABC, it's 30 minutes.
A couple of pages they added of, did you have COVID?
How many times?
What were your symptoms?
They could add three pages and have us put in, which vaccine did you get?
What lot number?
Did you have any adverse reactions?
And you would see those numbers skyrocket.
Our union is not helping.
They're not pushing it.
The DHS, which is our Bureau of Health Services, no one wants to know the answers to this question.
It would be very easy.
I would do that pro bono.
I'll take care of it.
Give me the information.
I'll look at it and I'll put the numbers together.

[SPEAKER_05]
Wow.
But they don't want for free.
They should be jumped.
They should be jumping at this because I'm sure you're going to be able to show them how safe it is and prove to the fire department that, you know, how they how they benefited everyone.
So is there any doubt?
Like, have you ever seen any kind of the the amount of side effects and and death?
Have you ever seen anything like that in your, like how long have you been with the fire department and how does this compare with your experience?
Is this, you know, have you been doing this for 10 years and what, what's your.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, I'm coming up on 19 years with the fire department.

[SPEAKER_05]
20 years.
You ever seen anything like this?

[SPEAKER_06]
No, nothing like this.

[SPEAKER_05]
So this, this is like off the charts.

[SPEAKER_06]
off the charts, and so I also teach at the academy on the side.
So one of the things that's coming up is that's when the guys go give blood.
So one of the things we tell them, which is current, which my superior is, listen, there's been a lot of guys with cardiac issues, make sure you get your blood checked and get checked out.
But we can't dispel, you know, we can't talk about any conspiracies, we don't wanna bring anything, just go get checked out.
Well, so obviously there is cardiac, it's clear as day.
There's only one cardiologist there.
Oh, the other thing I'd like to mention, after October 29th, when we lost six members in three months, the
Chief medical officer of the FDNY went out there and said, I have personally confirmed that these have nothing to do with the vaccine.
And I spoke with the families and they agree.
That is a 100% lie.
That is not true.
The person who died that took the same exact shot as me, I know his family,
They absolutely believe that it was the vaccine.
They know it was a vaccine.
They're very upset.
There's another member in those six that also was very confirmed that it was the vaccine.
And the doctor went on saying, no, it is safe and effective.
We've confirmed and the families agree.
So I can't attest to, I haven't seen any autopsies or any reports, but I can tell you that he is lying that the families believe
that it was not the vaccine.

[SPEAKER_02]
And we're talking about young men in the prime of their life in great shape and died suddenly of unknown medical reasons.

[SPEAKER_05]
Right.
So, you know, if you look at six in three months, you know, that's that's like in three months.
So six, it's twenty four.
out of 2000, that's an unbelievable death rate.

[SPEAKER_01]
That's a huge rate.

[SPEAKER_05]
If you were to extrapolate that.
Now, was that extrapolated or was that in the first three months there were six and then what was it the next three months?
If you were to look at the
12 months out from the 2000 that died.
Do you have the numbers for, here's what the death rates for the 2000 in the first quarter after the shot, second quarter, third quarter, fourth quarter?

[SPEAKER_06]
I'm not sure but I do know the mandate was October 29th and then we had to get another shot within 45 days and the deaths were December, January and February.
So it's from December 2021 to February 2022.

[SPEAKER_05]
Right, but did the deaths drop off after that?

[SPEAKER_06]
I didn't follow up after that.
I don't know how many deaths, but there's been several cardiac related retirements.
Yes.
And many strokes, right.
I kind of, right.
Strokes and cardiac.

[SPEAKER_05]
Right.
So do you have, do you have stats for what the numbers were, what the overall sort of health numbers of stroke stats, retirements, blah, blah, blah, before the shots rolled out, right?
In the three months before the shot rolled out,
versus the three months after the shots rolled out.
You know, I'd love to understand what the numbers were before and after, because that paints a very telling picture.
If you can say, well, you know, you were looked at this, here's a six month period.
And in the three months before sort of t zero of the shot, this is what we were experiencing in terms of retirements in terms of
uh, death rates in terms of, uh, myocarditis rates and so forth.

[SPEAKER_02]
Talking about painting a picture that the fire department in the city of New York does not want to paint.
What?

[SPEAKER_05]
You mean they don't want it?
I thought they wanted to show that it was safe and effective.
They can show that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We were getting like 60 people, you know, a day dropping dead before the shots rolled out and they're all dying from COVID.
And then after the same guy that ate a cheeseburger on TV at this free burger.

[SPEAKER_01]
And fries.
I want to bring in our next guest and go over to the West Coast and head over to California.
And I want to bring out John Knox.
John, welcome to VSRF Live.
Thank you for being here and all of your bravery, sir.

[SPEAKER_07]
Hey, thanks for having me.
Really appreciate it.
And Steve, sorry to hear about your eyes.

[SPEAKER_01]
I'm going to read your bio.
You are a 23-year veteran of the LA City Fire Department serving as a firefighter, paramedic, and emergency medical dispatcher.
John is also a founding board member of the Firefighters for Freedom Foundation, which fights against unconstitutional vaccine mandates and advocates for freedom of choice and body autonomy.
Since his termination for standing up to these mandates, John has dedicated himself full time to the foundation, spearheading legal battles, producing documentaries, and supporting vaccine-injured firefighters.
He's now a private consultant in a disaster management and is working on a book.
Again, thank you for being here, John.
I thought it was a good time to bring you into the conversation as we're seeing these numbers on the East Coast.
Are you seeing the same kind of numbers out West?

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, absolutely, 100%.
I agree with everyone that's spoken so far.
When COVID hit, I was actually, I've been a paramedic for 25 years with the fire department.
And when COVID hit, because of a illness that I had, I wasn't in the field.
I was actually at our dispatch center.
So I was a dispatcher.
And like I'm sure all of you saw, during COVID, I mean, on average, the city of Los Angeles runs 2000 plus calls a day.
And so during COVID, that probably dropped down to about 800 a day.
You know, the whole thing about the hospitals being overwhelmed and all of this stuff.
You know, I took one of my partners out during the day.
I'm like, hey, let's go look at the hospitals and see what this really looks like.
They were ghost towns.
Literally.

[SPEAKER_05]
Oh, wow.

[SPEAKER_07]
There's no one there, you know.

[SPEAKER_05]
But the press was saying that they're full, right?

[SPEAKER_07]
Right.
And these nurses had time to do dancing in the halls and make commercials.

[SPEAKER_01]
The dancing videos, the dancing nurses.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, we love those videos.
The things didn't add up.
And looking at our dispatching numbers, you know, when you go from
that many calls down to 800, 850 calls a day.
I mean, it's literally, it's, that's what our, when I got on the job 23 years ago, that's what our call volume was, was 800 calls a day.
And now we're at 2000.
Well, it shrank back down to that.
So we weren't having the issues that they were saying, but.

[SPEAKER_05]
But then the vaccines rolled out.

[SPEAKER_07]
Absolutely.
And immediately,
I mean, we had members at work that were getting the vaccine and having to be taken to the hospital.
Cardiac issues, anaphylaxis, syncope episodes, whatever.
And then taking the phone calls firsthand, I mean, I can't even tell you.
Initially, probably, I would say the highest incident that we saw initially were seizures and strokes.
And I personally believe that coming from the J&J.
But then as Pfizer and Moderna rolled out, we started seeing a lot of other issues.
We started seeing the increase in myocarditis, pericarditis.
We had a lot of neurological issues.
I'll never forget one time a lady called and she was driving her car, she had just left.
from getting the shot.
And she called and she was crying.
Whew, man.
And she literally was sitting on the phone, like, I don't know what to do.
I'm stopped somewhere on the freeway and I've lost my vision.
I cannot see.
I'm like, you know, so you go through your whole medical questions and all of that stuff and literally she just had the shock, you know, she's healthy, no other issues.
I mean, these issues just continue to roll.

[SPEAKER_05]
She just had a shot like like an hour ago or within the past hour.
And have you ever had a call like that before?

[SPEAKER_07]
No, I've seen a lot of stuff in 25 years, but you know, like these gentlemen said, this truly is, this is nine one one all over again.
You know, I was at nine 11 and, and at ground zero and saw it was, it was amazing.
And, and ever since that time, I've never seen anything like what I've experienced throughout COVID.

[SPEAKER_05]
What was the, what was the call volume after the shots rolled up?
Like,
In the month before the shot's rolled out versus the month after the shot was rolled out, what would be the call volume?

[SPEAKER_07]
I couldn't give you exact numbers.
I mean, that data is there that you could request from LAFD.
They can actually, they have a public relations section where you can request that, but it definitely jumped up again.
You know, we went from slow to like, okay, this is getting back up.
We're 1200, 1400, 1500.
But I think there was a lot of fear of still people, they weren't sure what was going on.
So they'd go out because you had to wear a mask inside of your home and in your car and not come out for three months.
So they were getting shots, but people were still going back home.
Everything was locked down.
So we didn't have the activity really until people started going back to work.
But we definitely had a big increase after the shots were rolled out, 100%.

[SPEAKER_05]
So were there some categories that were just like through the roof that there was like night and day difference, whether it's a stroke or heart attack or cardiac arrest or like DVDs or like what was the biggest contrast sort of before the shots versus after the shots where the numbers went up by maybe a factor of five or 10?

[SPEAKER_07]
I can't give you the exact numbers, but I can tell you, you know, anecdotally, and from being dispatching calls, when you got people calling you all day long, you know what your standard calls are.
But our, initially, our call volume in the way of seizures went through the roof.
That was one of the first things that happened.

[SPEAKER_05]
Through the roof, quantify that for me.
My roof is different than your roof.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, mine's probably only about eight feet tall, yours is 20.
I would say at least by a factor of 10 to 20 percent.

[SPEAKER_05]
To me, that's not through the roof, but you have a smaller roof than I do.

[SPEAKER_07]
So you're seeing at least a 20 percent increase in the amount of seizure calls that are coming in.
And I'm not talking like febrile seizures on an infant.
I'm talking adult seizures.
They were very common and they came very rapidly.
The other thing we saw was a lot of automobile accidents.
Well, those were secondary to
you know, whether it was a cardiac incident, a seizure, so on and so forth.
In talking to the guys that were in the field at that time, they were saying when they got on scene, the person had a syncope lepso, the person had a cardiac incident, they had a seizure.
So we had a lot of that.

[SPEAKER_05]
And then we went in.
Was that like a, would that have doubled?
Was that like a 50% increase, 10%?

[SPEAKER_07]
I would probably say again, 25 to 50% increase.

[SPEAKER_05]
That's significant.

[SPEAKER_07]
You definitely notice when different calls start coming in.

[SPEAKER_05]
You're like, wow, man, we're having what just happened.
So is there anybody at the fire department that said, wow, these vaccines rolled out and like people aren't dying on us anymore.
We're never getting any of these covid emergency calls.
Like, did anybody in the department think that after the shots rolled out, the things got better?

[SPEAKER_07]
No, it was it was, you know,
You can't talk about it, just like O'Brien was saying.
If you brought it up, man, the hammer would get dropped on you.
And so, you know, coercion and intimidation.

[SPEAKER_02]
Besides from the label of a conspiracy theorist.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, you were, you were like me.
You were literally crapped on and told you were crazy.
And I would call them accidents.
What he's talking about.
Those seizure calls were insane.
Like, like he, he's talking from a level of working, like he's worked street and dispatch.
And for those that are listening, dispatch gets your calls.
And so a guy goes in and he's working dispatch.
And if he's saying 15 to 20%, he's talking about what he's experiencing.
And if one dispatcher is experiencing 15 to 20% rise,
Imagine all the rest of the dispatchers, because like in Oklahoma City, our dispatchers, there's a bunch of them sitting at these tables taking the worst calls you can ever think of.
Dispatch is something I would never want to do.
It would be the hardest job in the world.
I would rather go there and be able to, because dispatch is talking to the kids that are calling about their parents that are dying.
It's talking to the parents that are talking about their kids dying.
It's a very hard job that you don't get to go and
and try to fix, but you're communicating with me to get there and get there fast.
It's a hard job.
Dispatch is tough.
So if he's saying it's a 15 to 20% rise for him, then extrapolate that to the other dispatchers as well.
We experienced seizures like it's one out of style.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, but to the other, just to be fair here, the way the statistics work is that if it's 20% for person A and 20% for person B, it's still a 20% overall, just that the volume is split.
It's not like it's 40% and now it's 60%.
It's 20%.
So I don't know if your 20% numbers are accurate or not, because most people aren't keeping track.
of the numbers and writing them down because that's not part of their job.
And I remember in my earlier years as a misinformation super spreader, maybe I was just a misinformation spreader at the time, I went down to my local hospital and I would see the paramedic trucks and so I would go and
strike up a conversation with the paramedics and I would say, Hey, do you guys, you know, have you seen anything like, you know, weird or higher numbers or whatever, after the vaccines rolled out and to a person, they would not say that anything weird was going on.
Were they lying to me or like what?
Because to this day, I still don't understand.
Either they were lying to cover it up because they're not allowed to say anything or for some reason they got unlucky or got lucky, however you want to call it, that they just truly were not seeing it or just not paying attention or not tracking it.

[SPEAKER_12]
50-50.
I mean, like these gentlemen are saying right now, they can't talk because they're...
I don't want to say they're scared because they're not scared.
They're firemen and firemen.
I appreciate immensely.
But they did have an implement of fear because their society around them was saying, shut up, sit down, stay in your lane.
Stay in and say nothing.
Yeah, to say nothing.
And those of us that wouldn't say nothing, we were literally destroyed.
I've been crapped on by family, friends, taken off of all my social media, everything.
So it's very difficult whenever you're dealing with a system that's trying to shut you up.
And it's not that people are bad for being afraid.
I truly get it because you have to take care of your kids.
You have to take care of, like if the world is taking some crazy experiment that we're seeing kill you,
And you're actively being told, hey, you're a terrorist for talking about it.
That is a hard fight to fight.
And the fact that these guys are on here, some of them still working for the fire department there, is a testament to humanity and integrity.
And I am so happy to see it.
Because while I was working in New York City, in New York City, when they started rolling out these shots, a lot of us, because I had friends that were giving them in the auditorium, I don't know if you all remember while you were working there, but they were giving them in gymnasiums and stuff.
And I had friends that were giving the shots there while I was working in the ICU and ER.
I was working in Presby, lower Manhattan.
And they were giving the shots in these gymnasiums.
And what we were experiencing was so bad that our friends were bringing us stacks of cards, stacks of cards, to give out like we needed to give them out to friends, like we're doing some underground railroad because it's so bad.
Our friends that were giving the shots were literally handing us stacks of these cards going, if you want to keep your job and you don't want to die,
Use this fake vaccination card.
They weren't selling them.

[SPEAKER_02]
$300.
I was offered that.
$300.

[SPEAKER_12]
I didn't even have to pay.

[SPEAKER_02]
But then I heard if you would have done it and then they would have found out about it, you already know what's going to happen.

[SPEAKER_05]
Jail time or whatever.

[SPEAKER_02]
I should have done it because I'd still be employed.
I'd still be able to have the life that I was living at that time and I wouldn't be permanently disabled needing to take medicine right now.

[SPEAKER_07]
You know, it's really for Daniel and O'Brien and anyone else that's injured, you know, all of you.
This is soul crushing to me, you know, because in the beginning, you know, I read the patents, I read every white paper under the sun looking at, you know, a lot of information just as you have, Steve.
And it became very clear to me
Initially that we were going to have some serious issues and then the further we move through this I knew that was going to be a case and in October of 21 You know we when we start, you know, we started firefighters for freedom and Earlier in the year to deal with this and one of the things that
that we noticed where a lot of the guys in our fire department were injured.
And then from traveling around the country, I started noticing a lot of people are injured.
So I reached out to our risk management and said, hey, how many people do we have that are injured?
And they're like, we don't know of anyone that's injured.
And I mean, I was friends with the person who was risk manager.
I'm like, come on, man, you gotta be kidding me.
This is not, you're full of shit, excuse me.
But so,
I just got it.
Okay, and what happened?
So moving forward, we said, hey, let's put out our own internal bears report.
They're not tracking it.
They're telling us they have no one.
So we came up with a internal bears report.
We wrote down all the questions and we sent it out to, there's 3,500 members in our department, but all of the emails, the union wouldn't give them to us.
They wouldn't work with us.

[SPEAKER_05]
You have to figure that one out, huh?

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, they're controlled opposition.
So that being said, we took the list because we had a lawsuit going against the city.
We still have a lawsuit going against the city of Los Angeles and we have 900 plaintiffs in it.
So we took all of those email addresses and we emailed out our VAERS report and said, anyone who feels they have been injured by this, please fill this out and send it back.
So it was on a Google Doc, went through all the questions.
If this, then that, yada, yada, yada.
And we came up with a
I don't have it in front of me, but we came up with a document that basically 60 people responded back out of the 900 and now You know we didn't get a hundred percent open rate but at the same time
Those are the 60 people that had the courage at that time to say, you know, or didn't have cognitive dissonance, right?
That didn't, you know, didn't have the ability to say, okay, yeah, maybe this was a bad decision.
I am injured.
They have the ability to say, yeah, this is definitely from that.
So we know that the numbers are higher, but out of that, we had, you know, from minor symptoms all the way up to potentially career ending situations.
Since that time we've reached back out, people are terrified to open their mouth
and Daniel and O'Brien can attest to this, that they're afraid that the fire departments can take retaliation against them.
But when you look at the fire department, elite athletes, and the military, you look at the DMED reports, you literally don't have, those are your three communities that you should be tapping to find out what your death rate is, what your cancer rate is, and what your injury rate.

[SPEAKER_05]
And so, you know, nobody, nobody cares.
And nobody, nobody even wants that.
They like they won't even survey.
Oh, does Moderna have a lower side effect ratio or a lower death rate than than Pfizer or vice versa?

[SPEAKER_07]
And this is where, you know, we have organizations I found damning paperwork that I'm working with in the state right now to create legislation to help vaccine injured firefighters in this.
state.
And that could be pushed out across the country.
Yeah, that'd be awesome.
You know, we're working with Perk and other groups to find it.

[SPEAKER_05]
It wasn't hard to find a legislature to to sponsor the bill.

[SPEAKER_07]
We're we're we're working on that right now.
You know, California is definitely Yeah, you find find one find one in California.

[SPEAKER_05]
Let me know.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, but those are the controlled studies that need to be done, right?
And what we're seeing right now in cancer, notoriously throughout history in the fire service, cancer has been tracked because it's the number one killer, right?
Cancer, heart disease, and stroke seem to be the top three.
Well, from 2020, and you go back 20 years to 2000,
The numbers in the cancer foundations are there.
You can get those numbers so easily to see what types, what ages, the demographics, all of that, because they track it.
And now we have very specific cancers in the fire service, right?
With very specific age groups, late in their 25, 20 plus years or retired, right?
Very specific cancers.
Now what we're seeing is guys with four years on the job,
you know, that are 25 to 35 that are coming down with stage four insanity cancers that nobody's ever heard about and the numbers are through the roof and we've got people dying, taking their lives, all of these things from this thing and someone needs to, you know,
This recording, I hope, and this live goes out to as many firefighters pass this around to everyone.

[SPEAKER_05]
Absolutely.
If you know any firefighters, please send them a copy of the link to this recording.

[SPEAKER_07]
You know, like that doctor said, it's genocide and you took it under coercion and duress to keep your paycheck.
I lost mine because I would not do it.
I would not submit to their authoritarian rule for a lot of reasons.
But that being said,
We all make decisions and then we have to come to the table and recognize, hey, you know what, maybe it wasn't the right thing, but now I'm going to step forward so that if something happens, my family's taken care of, right?
Or that no one else does this.
These things are crucial in the fire service right now to get out and get that message.
You cannot keep protecting your superiors and the
the leaders because these aren't leaders.
Leaders don't lead you off a cliff.
A lemming does to change that thought process and take the fire service back.
It's literally being destroyed.

[SPEAKER_05]
So are there any courageous battalion chiefs or anybody sort of in upper management or union management?
Is there anybody in terms of any kind of leadership position
that is saying the same things that you're saying and is trying to get people to pay attention or is it that it's only the rank and file that's protesting and they're getting they're shedding anybody in the rank and file who objects and if you're in upper management you're too afraid to uh to rock the boat is there anybody in upper management that's rocked a boat

[SPEAKER_07]
I don't know of anyone in upper management.
I can tell you, so board of rights hearings, those are your termination hearings that are still going on in the city of Los Angeles.
We have seven more individuals, even though they've brought them back to work, they're still in the process of terminating them through these board of rights.
And I, I'm one of the people that was terminated along with six others.
And I can tell you firsthand, these are, this is a board of chiefs in the department that are selected and every single one of them.
No one stood up.
They're all literally just submitting to the higher authority, the city attorneys, the mayor, you know, and the fire chief is literally a puppet.
You know, in our department, she's.
put there but you know she's an at-will employee she has no civil protection so she does the bidding of
you know, the mayor.

[SPEAKER_12]
Just out of curiosity, did your fire departments do what are EMS?
Because most EMS across the world is privatized at this point, which I'm sure it's privatized where y'all are at.
Instead of hospital bay, used to we were hospital based.
Now it's privatized EMS.
And a lot of most of them, if not all, get federal money, we have to we have to have Medicare and Medicaid money to stay stay open.
The fire departments take any Medicare and Medicaid money.

[SPEAKER_07]
I don't know how that works the city of Los Angeles We're not privatized.
We actually run our own ambulances like me.
I was a firefighter paramedic dual function So I did both jobs.
I'd be on the truck or the ambulance any Medicare Medicaid I would think I don't know how our billing Worked so I don't know whether that but I do know that the city of Los Angeles received two point
$1 billion in COVID relief funds under the auspices that they had to have a fully vaccinated workforce in order to keep that money.
So, wow.
That's how this rolls.

[SPEAKER_05]
That's called incentive.

[SPEAKER_07]
Absolutely.

[SPEAKER_06]
It happened with the hospitals and my wife, how she was forced to get the vaccine also.
It was COVID funds if they were 100% vaccinated.
So they fired a lot of nurses in New York also.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
So there are some people who believe in conspiracy theories that this is a government
program to kill people or do democide or what have you.
Do you think that this is driven by
uh, evil people at the top who were trying to do bad things, or do you believe that this is just people who believed the false story that vaccines are safe and effective and are doing it to try to save people?
Like, what do you think is the, the big motor behind here?

[SPEAKER_12]
I believe that, uh, there's a really elite personnel at the top that want to,
want to utilize a new technology and we'll do it at all cost, any cost.
This new technology is super cheap.
And when you're looking at mRNA, because- Yeah, no, no.

[SPEAKER_05]
I just want to just go around the room and just get the- Oh, yeah.
So you're a conspiracy, you're a, I think they're, it's evil, driven by evil.
Well- Steve, I'm gonna put my tin foil hat on.

[SPEAKER_06]
I'm gonna go get my tin foil hat on and then I'll answer this question.

[SPEAKER_12]
I'll just, I'll just be honest.
I mean, I've been deleted for trying to tell what these guys are telling right now.
And I've, I've seen social media actually delete me as I'm trying to warn the public.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_05]
But Harry, do you think that those people who work for the social media companies are doing it because we don't want to let people know that, that we want to kill people.
Or do you think that the social media companies think that you're jeopardizing lives by speaking out against the safe and effective vaccine?

[SPEAKER_12]
Just out of curiosity, whenever Hitler was around, useful idiots were around and they thought that they were doing the right thing.
Just because useful idiots are deleting me in those social media companies doesn't mean there's not a big bad out there that doesn't care about you.
And if we can sit here in this room and come up with the easy data that we're coming up with as boots on the ground,
You can't tell me there's not some big bad out there that's not trying to hurt a portion of humanity.
And if they're not trying to hurt you, they're at least not caring about you.
I agree.
And to me, that's the same thing.

[SPEAKER_05]
Right.
No, no, but, but to me, see, to me, they're fundamentally different.
There's, there's, cause one is a fundamentally evil person who's, who's figured this thing out and laid up all the cards and, and wants to kill people as opposed to the other theory of what's going on, which is that, well, Pfizer made this vaccine.
We told everybody it's safe and effective.
We need to cover our ass because we can't be embarrassed if
If it's not safe and effective and we don't really want to look because we don't want to know because it would be too embarrassing.
And so we're just going to go along with the safe and effective and we really believe because they're embarrassed and they're killing a lot of people.

[SPEAKER_12]
Does that make them any less evil?

[SPEAKER_05]
No, well, no, but I think that there are people who are very naive, and I've talked to doctors who have been essentially deplatformed and censored and had their credentials taken away, and I asked them about their peers, and he says, you know, it's the funniest thing that I talk to my peers about this and they just shrug it off because it's not in the peer-reviewed literature, so they just treat all this stuff as anecdotes.

[SPEAKER_07]
But so when we look at peer-reviewed literature, they've removed peer-reviewed literature, solid literature, right?
Look what they did to McCulloch.
I mean, it's all owned by the pharmaceutical industry, so there's a massive dollar-driven
Right, right.

[SPEAKER_06]
But the problem, let's say John, that it's Big Pharma has such control and they're paid to censor and do that stuff and I actually had something here that I could mention.
The leak of the Pfizer's first and second mandated release of their information, one was the same day of the leak of Roe v Wade and the other one was the day one of the Ukraine war.
and to add one of the firefighter deaths.
The firefighter deaths, one of the release of the autopsies of one of them, months after his death, it was released Sunday afternoon Memorial Day weekend.
There's no way that the autopsy came back then and he'd go, oh yeah, it wasn't vaccine related.
Probably one of the least days that you watch the news.
That's when they released his cause of death.

[SPEAKER_05]
So again, that can be just driven by people who don't want to be embarrassed.
They don't want to spread misinformation to people and give people the impression that the vaccines aren't safe because they truly believe.
that, you know, I guess I probably should have asked the question a different way, which is to say that there are a lot of physicians that are still giving the shots.
Do you believe that these physicians are simply misled and that they have willful blindness about what's going on?
Or do you think that these physicians are evil?

[SPEAKER_12]
I get that you're playing devil's advocate and I appreciate it.
I believe we're experiencing something like Stockholm syndrome and Munchausen by proxy.
We have a system that these firefighters here, imagine this, imagine if you will, a group of firefighters that are trained to actually go into burning buildings are scared to tell the public that they're experiencing bad things happening.
That's what we actually are living in right now.
We're living in an era that is fear-based, fear-based, fear-based,
that even our most powerful people are going, holy crap, what do we do?
And the few brave ones actually will stand up, but they do it at great risk to themselves.
That being said, we're living in a world that is a script of 1984 meets technology, and it's really that bad.
And if you have Munchausen by proxy and Stockholm syndrome, you're going to have people
the fifth

[SPEAKER_07]
Interesting.
I mean, when you look at like, you know, Gates and the Gabby Foundation, right, and you look at, I mean, one of his TED Talks, he says, you know, if we do a really good job with these vaccines, we can decrease the population.
I mean, what kind of statement is that?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, but in Gates's defense, I can explain why that is and what the logic behind it is, because it's not like there's a direct connection between vaccines and killing people.
The underlying rationale for that statement, and this is not to say that I think that Bill Gates is pure guy, no evil and whatnot, because he's clearly not looking at any of the evidence of harm.
The context for that statement about vaccines and reducing population is that if you vaccinate people, the belief is that they will get less sick.
And if they get less sick than the families themselves then need to have fewer children,
in order to essentially sustain the, the economy, their, their economy and their, their, their life and so forth.
So they'll have fewer children because their children aren't dying.
And that leads to less population.
I mean, that's, that's the logic behind the, the, the vaccination and the,
and the population.

[SPEAKER_07]
But the sterilization happening with stillbirth, right?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, yeah, yeah, you will.
So like I said, I don't think when they make that statement, they're saying, yeah, yeah, yeah, we're doing these vaccines to sterilize people because they would get absolutely clobbered by any kind of implications of that.
But I'm really curious if for your peers, and I'd like to ask each one of you to
uh, to answer this question is your peers who are currently still in the fire department or your paramedic peers, uh, in the case of, of Harry, um, do your peers, are they based, are they believers in the vaccine?
Are they going to get more boosters because they believe in it?
Like what's the mix?
Is it a third, a third, a third, a third believe the narrative, a third are skeptical and a third say no possible way.
Am I going to get the shot?
What, what is the breakdown?
in each of your organizations.
I'll start with Harry and then go to Brian and then John.

[SPEAKER_12]
You pretty much have the one person who's sadly in the position of the supervisor role that's probably a person that believes men can get pregnant that's still on board with the vaccine, but everyone else is.
is never going to take one.
Like that's what I've seen thus far.
Some services, they're completely sane and going, no, this is stupid, never going to make you do it, which is a service that I found.
But a lot of the services, especially in big cities, they're ran by people that are Medicare, Medicaid money,
will be a Democrat voter, no matter what, as long as Biden or anybody that's blue says, take this experimental substance, they're going to push it.
And you're going to have those useful idiots that are in charge.
But as far as the boots on the ground, the people that are actually doing the work,
No, they're not going out and lining up to take these shots.
That's not okay.

[SPEAKER_05]
So you sure your EMT friends are all saying there's no way I'm going to get another shot.

[SPEAKER_12]
No way in hell they're going to.

[SPEAKER_05]
Okay, O'Brien, the firefighters that you know who are still on the job haven't been, you know, if I go into a fire station in New York and I say, hey, got some free jabs for you, who's how many people are going to line up for it?

[SPEAKER_02]
You know, I'm sure Daniel can attest to this.
When they were talking about getting vaccinated the first time, everybody was saying, no, I'm not going to do it.
When the city pushes you into a corner and starts putting your livelihood up and saying, well, guess what?
Now you're not going to get a paycheck.
Now you're not going to be employed.
October 29th was the deadline for me to get vaccinated.
And I got vaccinated that day when my captain said to me, are you crazy?
Do you know that this city can take away your pension and your job and everything that you've worked hard for?
That put me to the brink where I called my wife and I said,
What do you want me to do, babe?
And she said, are we going to lose our house?
Are we going to stop feeding our kids for this?
When you get given an ultimatum like that, you start seeing numbers dwindle.
And I wish I could have had some kind of extraordinary circumstance that would have allowed me to provide for my family under a different cause.
But when you push everybody into a corner like that, that's when the numbers start going from, I'm not going to do this to, you know what?
I think I'm going to start taking this.
And that's exactly what they did.
Right.

[SPEAKER_05]
So today I walk into a fire station in New York and I say, I got the latest vaccines, free, how many people are going to take the vaccine?

[SPEAKER_06]
I'd say less than 5%.

[SPEAKER_01]
Can I reframe that a little bit?
Because the World Health Organization just declared monkeypox a pandemic.

[SPEAKER_05]
That's a good question, too.

[SPEAKER_01]
Maybe they won't take the boosters of the next ones that are promised at the end of August or September that are supposedly coming, but now we've got this new thing.
And if they mandate this brand new vaccine, will they take this brand new one?

[SPEAKER_05]
That would be an interesting question.
Mandated monkeypox.
What do you think the numbers will be?

[SPEAKER_02]
I'm not taking anything to government.
I want to know about the guys who are still at the fire department.

[SPEAKER_05]
Like how
How blue-pilled or red-pilled are these guys?
So does everybody agree on the fight that if I went in and offered, it wouldn't be me, by the way, because I'd be labeled a misinformation spreader, but Fauci comes in with his vaccines, and he says, hey, I got some free shots for you.
So you all think that it's like 5% would take the bait.

[SPEAKER_07]
I would say at the most 5% right now.

[SPEAKER_05]
So what if they come in and they say, hey, free monkeypox vaccine, it's the latest thing to protect you against monkeypox.

[SPEAKER_07]
I can tell you no one that I know.

[SPEAKER_05]
So now let's make it more complicated.
They come in and they say monkeypox vaccine or no job.

[SPEAKER_07]
That's the $64 million question because in reality, you have a lot of people that will say one thing, but when the rubber meets the road.
Now, I think the number would be much higher at that point.
uh of people that would say no and in in the fire service for us out here on the west coast technically we're not allowed to strike um same here yeah okay so but i do believe in that instance that there would be a high probability based on what everyone has seen from covid
and the injuries and what's happening right now and the cancers and all of that stuff that they would probably put up way bigger of a fight than they did before.
You would have a much huger, I mean, we literally have the ability to shut the city down.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, you just all quit.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah.
Not even that just don't show up.
I mean,
or do, you know, especially for us, and I know staffing shortages are everywhere.
If we stopped working overtime, the city would literally crumble because there's not enough staffing anywhere in the US.
And we don't have anyone coming to do that job anymore because of vaccine mandates are still in place.
It's just a different,

[SPEAKER_05]
So why didn't the firefighters, like when these mandates came down, the firefighters essentially hold the cards.
If the firefighters had gotten together and said there's no possible way we're going to be coerced into taking these shots, you can take your shots and you can stick it up your ass, what would happen?

[SPEAKER_06]
we should have done it and i'll tell you what new york city did they went for the teachers union first so they broke us down they divide and conquer so they got them to accepted first so their mandate was like the month before and they went after cops and firemen and then they never got to the corrections officers because the they wouldn't have been able to stay after jails their their mandate i think was december thirty first and they just kind of never got to them because
they are

[SPEAKER_12]
And I've been very vocal.
I'd already gotten my exemption.
And I was telling them, hey, I did CPR on a Pfizer line.
I've seen a lot of bad.
We've been seeing all these miscarriages and strokes.
Don't take this shot.
Put in for your exemption.
If you don't get the exemption, get another job.
And they were 100% realizing in their brain that I was on point.
And they still broke down and took the shot for fear of losing their income to take care of their kids.

[SPEAKER_05]
If they had, if they were organized.
Like the unions were not on the side of, were pushing the shots as well.
And so it was like the unions weren't helping to organize.
Like if the unions had said, hey, we're going to represent our members and we're all going to stick together and they're going to tell us that we have to take the shots and none of us are going to take it.
like could the unions have organized that kind of opposition and said, you know, when that deadline comes around, do not take the shot, do not cross the picket line.

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, Steve, I can give you a little bit more information with the FDNY also, which may be a little unpopular, but
At the time, so we were given nine days and they had a WebEx on the Thursday was the 28th and we got from the staff chiefs, we're talking the chief of department to every single firehouse live.
They said, don't worry, guys, we're going to be able to staff the companies.
Like, I'm not concerned about staff and accompanies.
I'm concerned about a poison going into my body.
And fast forward several months later, some of our staff chiefs didn't get along with the commissioner.
A couple were, they had were pushed sideways, not a demotion, but a little bit of sideways move.
And some staff chiefs requested to be demoted.
And this whole thing, this whole story was out in some of the newspapers about staff chiefs banding together these staff chiefs like, look at the solidarity of the FTNY.
No staff chiefs offered to be demoted when half of the New York City Fire Department uniformed members is 11,000.
All right?
There was still about 6,000, 5,000, 5,000 of your members did not want this jab.
And no one asked for a demotion.
No one stepped up for us.
It was just kind of like, ah, what are you going to do?
That's what we got from the union.
The staff chiefs did nothing.
So when this happened, I can say,
I was vocal, and I would say to anyone, that looked like staff chiefs for staff chiefs.
Alright?
That didn't do anything for me.
when we didn't want a poison on our body and you just moved a staff chief sideways to the tool room, not a big deal to me.
Not after what I went through and O'Brien's, we're both injured here and no one's stepped up for us.
You know, that was the time.
That was the time to step up and no one did.

[SPEAKER_02]
You know what I was told about a reasonable accommodation?
Don't bother doing it.
They're not going to approve it.
That's what I was told.

[SPEAKER_07]
And I already had a reasonable accommodation prior to that for another illness, you know, and they didn't care.
They just did whatever they want.
I mean, I spent two years off work with no pay before they terminated me.

[SPEAKER_05]
So it's all about basically divide and conquer, because if you guys had been unified and in lockstep, like if the firefighters were in lockstep, was there enough, like O'Brien said that nobody wanted to take this.
The people only took it when it was the final deadline.
Could the firefighters have done a better job of organizing and saying, no, no, we won't go?

[SPEAKER_06]
On that Monday, 20,000 members marched in New York, 20,000.
And they lied about how many marched.
Several members went on leave without pay.
They did go on leave without pay in the beginning.
And they forced, they wouldn't accept it.
Now, de Blasio was the, it was de Blasio and Cuomo, they lied about, they said, no, all the firehouses are open.
That was a complete lie.
There was 40 something companies at a time that were closed.
that were not, they were not staffed.
But if, because the lights were on, because the electric, because the city was still playing the electric, they even put an officer in a couple of houses that did nothing for the day, couldn't respond, right?
They considered it open.
But if you were hurt or there was a fire across the street, 40 something companies in the tour and de Blasio, he went out there, he said, nope.
The New York City, we're fully staffed.

[SPEAKER_02]
Some firehouses had an officer and maybe one or two firefighters.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_02]
You know, if they responded, they couldn't do nothing for someone else to come.

[SPEAKER_05]
But so doesn't this basically like, isn't it time to put an, or a parallel organization, a parallel union in place with the firefighters right now, so that if this thing happens again, we do not repeat the same mistake and the federal government investigate the federal government.

[SPEAKER_02]
It's going to do nothing.

[SPEAKER_06]
I just want to say that frontline workers and CFW, that is one of the angles that we're fighting for.
And, you know, I just want to follow up ourselves.

[SPEAKER_01]
Bravest for Choice did march and I want to show just some images here from that march from their website.
And you can see that looks like twenty thousand strong to me on the bridge.

[SPEAKER_02]
No, that's 200.

[SPEAKER_01]
They stood up and fought early on.
I remember this really well.
And then, of course, the coercion and the fear.

[SPEAKER_07]
And that's the same thing.
That's how Firefighters for Freedom started was as an opposition against technically our union because they weren't doing anything.
They weren't giving any answers.
We stepped up to take that to the fight and we talked to Bravest from Choice in the beginning and we ended up, we built out a national organization to where, at one point we had 21 chapters throughout the West Coast and up California and so on and so forth.

[SPEAKER_05]
But what was your reach in terms of, did you reach like 5% of the firemen, 10%, 50%?

[SPEAKER_07]
That number is hard to quantify.
There's so much division and every department is siloed.
there's not conversations between them.
And that's one of the things that allowed us to start getting that conversation going.
Then we had the rally in downtown Los Angeles before Defeat the Mandates.
We had 10,000 people at the same park, in Grand Park there across from City Hall.
And we pushed that message.
And then we ended up in the city of Los Angeles
we ended up having 160 guys go off leave with no pay initially, you know, saying, no, we're not going to do this until 160 guys.

[SPEAKER_05]
That's nothing.

[SPEAKER_07]
Well, you try wrangling cats, you know, any of these guys here can tell you it's a, it's definitely a difficult chore.
And again, it really comes down to,
the fact that everyone's livelihood was threatened.

[SPEAKER_05]
And so to- Right, but it's not threatened if you're all organized.
If everybody is organized, then you can absolutely make the threat.

[SPEAKER_12]
But it's still- That goes back to what you were saying earlier, though.
I mean, there's a big evil that's telling you to shut up.

[SPEAKER_07]
You know, they're sorry.

[SPEAKER_01]
Janet's gonna put the link in the chat to what I'm showing now on Instagram for Bravest for Choice, and you see this video, just to see the sheer numbers that were out there.
on display.

[SPEAKER_12]
There's a big evil literally telling us to shut up.
We're going to come after you.
And if you'll follow any, any of my threads right now, like, like I have people going, Hey, Harry, why aren't more paramedics talking?
We'll just look at my threads where they're telling me they're going to kill me and they're sending me pictures of my kids and death threats.
So, so if you go against the unions and you try to make another union, when the unions are bought and paid for,
you're actually putting yourself in harm's way.
Like it doesn't have to be a big bad out there.
If people are getting paid to be bad, there's a bunch of bads.
There's just a bunch of big bads and it sucks.
I mean, because you're wanting to have a union with any union and that would be awesome, but their union is willing to kill us.
They're actually willing to kill us.
They were willing to line you up for an experiment, cause heart problems.
Cause all the things that we're experiencing, I've swaddled dead babies and they have told me, they have gas lit me and told me, Hey, don't believe your eyes.
Don't believe what you're seeing.
You are crazy and we hate you.
So we're up against an enemy that's willing to kill you.
And trying to form a resistance against that with people that are actually good people is hard because good people don't want to just kill people.
The people that are against us, they don't care if O'Brien dies.
They don't care if John dies.
They don't care if Steve dies.
Y'all, y'all are just, y'all are just another number.
That's it.

[SPEAKER_01]
I have a question for, for, uh, O'Brien and Daniel, um, from an Alaskan.
Did you or the fire department, Dr. Filey report to VAERS?
No, no, he did not.
Huh?

[SPEAKER_02]
Why not?
You know, you know what my, uh,
The doctors in the fire department, um, finally were verbal to me, although they documented everything that happened, but they were finally verbal to me almost one year later.
You can no longer be a firefighter with the New York city fire department.
One, almost one year later, September, the following year finally said, well, we got good news.
You don't need to take any more tests.
So although everything was documented and they acknowledged everything behind the scenes,
and documented everything properly and everything was recorded.
They even said, this was a vaccine related injury.
They acknowledged it.
They even said, this is a work related injury.
They acknowledged it and documented it.
A year later, they said to me, you can no longer be a firefighter.
I remember my private doctor, when I asked him, are you reporting this to VAERS?
Oh no, no, I'm,
Meanwhile, you go ahead and you check on the VAERS website and you see if any lay person can properly fill out a reaction to a vaccine.
If half the thing that's going to be in there, they're going to understand any of that.

[SPEAKER_05]
People do it's it's there.
There's a percentage of the various reports.

[SPEAKER_12]
I didn't even, I didn't even know bears existed until COVID-19 Harry, you go ahead and you look at the, the, the, the breakdown on theirs on how to fill that out.
I didn't even know it was a thing really.
Until until I came out going Hey, I didn't see PR to five year line.
And then suddenly these 1000s of bots came on my channel going there's a stupid bears you don't you can't believe bears and I was like, what the hell is bears?

[SPEAKER_02]
How many people don't know what bears is?
But I didn't know what it was until this happened.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_02]
I have a question.

[SPEAKER_05]
I got to take a break, but continue without me.
I'll be right back.

[SPEAKER_01]
I have a question from CBA, Iana Nine.
Are the fire department and first responders calls public record?

[SPEAKER_07]
Yes.
In the city of Los Angeles, you can get information from them, like types of calls, number of calls.
There's a lot of information you can get.
with a request, but there is HIPAA laws in effect.
So that protects the person's identity and medical information.

[SPEAKER_01]
But the information, the data is in there without the names that shows all the, what the emergency is.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yes, there is data on that.

[SPEAKER_01]
be an interesting place to see this change from before 2020 and 2021 to the volume of like cardiac arrests and young people.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, most most departments track that, you know, their medical medical director will track that information.
I know with the city of Los Angeles, that, you know, our
old medical director, his number one thing was cardiac arrest.
So every cardiac arrest was, it was collected, the data was collected, the dispatch information was collected, all the information from the field report was collected, and then they go through it all and they create statistics on it.
There was never any question, I asked the question,
Did you take the vaccine?
You know, have you taken it?
Have you recently taken it?
Those types of things.
But there was in our protocol when we're running specific calls, you know, we have to ask specific questions.
Those questions were never in there.
So, you know, from that standpoint, we wouldn't understand that.
But you could definitely see a correlation, I would think, from, you know, late 2020 or early 21 when they started rolling those out, late 20,
20 and previously, I would venture to say that.

[SPEAKER_06]
I think a lot of data is going to come also from the life insurance companies with the all-cause mortality.
You can't hide that and they're going to have to start raising their premiums.

[SPEAKER_01]
We have been seeing the life insurance data for the last couple of years now.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, one year after that came out, I can't remember the gentleman's name, but based out of Chicago, I believe is one of the largest life insurance companies around.
And that's their job is to track that data.
And he said in one year, they had a 40% increase in all-cause mortality.
And he said, that's an unsustainable business model, right?
They can't on that.
And when you look at the delta on that is,
is, I mean, not even a hockey stick.
It's crazy.
I think they say if you had a 5% increase in, you know, all cause mortality, that that's something to be concerned about.
So a 40% is just, you know, that's really weird.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, it was massive at the time.
And of course, the legacy media ignored that story and continues to do so.

[SPEAKER_07]
Well, it's just like the DMED reports, you know, they won't even, can't even.

[SPEAKER_12]
And just out of curiosity, y'all realize, like, that
proves there's a big bad skewing data.
That's what sucks.
It's like we can sit here all day, fire guys, paramedics, EMTs, and we can be like, we're experiencing this.
And it's like you're in a war, Steve.
And we're sitting here on the front lines going, man, they're shooting at us.
It's really bad.
And they're killing this many people.
And we come to you.
And not just you, but you being the general public.
And then you're going, prove to me it's a war.
And it's like, Oh my God, it's just, it's very difficult because they're going to skew the data.
There is a big bad that's going to say the firefighters that showed up were only a hundred.
There's a big bad that's going to, going to push all of this false data and, and knowing that.
At this point, we should do something about it.
I agree.
I am down with your, let's unionize within unionize.
But as soon as we start talking about militias, if we start talking about anything that's actually a part of our constitution, oh my God, they get mad.
Like we're allowed to sit here and be experimented on.
We're allowed to be killed.
But if we want to actually fight back against it,
We will be thrown in jail.
We will be jay-six like they will they will find a way to throw us in jail They want to throw us in jail just for telling you the truth Like they want to they want to keep us from working just for telling you the truth So if we want to actually actionize against it, well, they know we will be in screwed They just took away, you know the medical board took away from

[SPEAKER_07]
You know, pure Cory and Dr. Cole's licenses.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yes, they did recently.

[SPEAKER_07]
So, you know, I know spoken to Dr. Maccas up in Canada, you know, and they're after him like crazy.

[SPEAKER_02]
They go after Peter McCullough for a long time, too.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah.
And they just hacked his account yesterday.
I mean, him and Naomi Wolf were hacked.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, it's just not clear who they are.

[SPEAKER_12]
Someone was able to hack their account.

[SPEAKER_05]
They sent this message out to a bunch of people, and some of us realized it was a phishing message and didn't respond.
I'm amazed that some did not and thought it was legit.
And those people got their account IDs changed, like Naomi Wolf.
that happened to Naomi.

[SPEAKER_12]
I'm just saying, brother, it's really bad.
We're in a bad way.
And I do agree.
We need to we need to figure out a way to come against it.
But we need to also know that they're waiting for that.
They're not stupid.
Whatever they is allowed the entire world to take an experiment and pushed it and was able to logistically coordinate it and shut us down, lock us down and abuse us and make firefighters
take something that they didn't want to take.

[SPEAKER_07]
the normal time rollout for vaccines that we've seen throughout history versus what we're at now.
And the fact that we have companies like Pfizer who, you know, when we request the data from their studies, they don't want to release it for, you know, 90 plus years.
I mean, what's your thought process?
Does that sound like a normal, you know, process in,
in the world, for a sane, driven, make you feel good, like this is safe and effective?
Or does that appear to be that there's something malevolent behind that?

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, I'm still of the opinion, because I have yet to see evidence of a smoking gun showing otherwise.
And I'm certainly open to seeing the evidence of the smoking gun showing otherwise.
But right now, my current belief is that people believed that, oh, because this is new mRNA cool technology,
that we could develop a safe and effective vaccine in record time, because all we needed to do was know what the genetic sequence is of the right antigen, and we could just code that into an mRNA sequence that gets delivered to the body, which then reproduces it, and voila.
a miracle happens and we're able to, because it's new technology, we can then do this in record time and we can do it safely because this mRNA platform has been around and studied for a long time.
Now, there are pieces of that story that when you delve into them,
don't make any sense because you find out that there were no successful trials that everybody died that used the vaccine technology in prior years, that this mRNA causes the creation of the expression of the antigen protein on all surfaces of the body, which then can cause autoimmune diseases.
And there are just so many problems with this stuff.
And it was never properly tested because people were under this emergency, this operation warp speed that we're going to go and protect the world in record time.
And maybe there's going to be some fallouts, but we tested it safe.
We tested it thoroughly enough in 20,000 people that we know that the fallout would be
It's like being conned by a scam artist.
When people are conned by a scam artist, they don't want to believe that they've been conned.
They will do everything to say, no, no, no, no, this can't be.
Sooner or later, the next shoe drops and they realize that, oh my gosh, you are right.
I was scammed.
But it takes them a while to come to the realization that they've been scammed.
I think the governments have been scammed by the drug companies who may or may not have honestly believed that they were doing a good thing.

[SPEAKER_02]
When you say scam, you mean paid?

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, the government's paid the drug companies, but the drug companies represented that, yes, we can create this safe and effective vaccine and look at our trials.
And, you know, like Pfizer withheld a bunch of the deaths.
And if you look at the death count in the Pfizer trial, more people who got the placebo, more people who got the experimental shot
died than people who got the placebo, which is exactly the opposite of what you want to have happen.
But everybody kind of like looked the other way and said, oh, that's not statistically significant.
And it wasn't statistically significant.
It's true.
But it's certainly a bad sign.
But people were willing to look the other way on shit that was going on.
And there were exclusions in the Pfizer trial that were
crazy, insanely stupid that anybody paying attention would have said, what the fuck is going on?
But nobody was looking because they all wanted to believe in the tooth fairy would come and save them.
from this certain disaster.
And so everybody's like saying, well, you know, we really need this.
And this is our only hope because Tony Fauci says that the only way that we're going to be able to stop this this thing is with the vaccine, the vaccine, the vaccine.
And so the vaccine had to work.
And any time there was anything that looked a little bit screwy, people were simply willing to look the other way because they thought
that the benefit outweighed the risk.
And when you look at it, I look at my friends.
I was talking to my wife today.
She drove me to my eye appointment.
And I said, honey, have any of the people who apologized, who said I was a whack job or whatever at the very beginning,
Have any of them come to you and said, you know, Michelle, I'm sorry.
You were right.
Steve, Steve actually was telling the truth.
And I asked her if any of our friends have done that.
And she said, no, not a single one, not a single person.
And she said, in fact, people said the opposite.
People said, Michelle, you shouldn't have done this.
Look what happened to you.
You're ostracized from all your friends, your
you know, you're the social outcast because of Steve and look at what this has cost you.
Was it worth it?
And she said, yeah, because he believes in that and he was saving lives.
But you see none, not a single one of our former friends have figured out
that I've been telling the truth all along.
And we are way down this rabbit hole.
And so it's stunning to me just how blue-pilled these people are and still are.
And most of them don't want to talk about it.

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, it gets me too.
I agree with Harry.
Like when we talk about the big evil, Harry hits the nail on the head a little bit too.
You have to remember Operation Warp Speed with Trump.
The Democrats all said, I would not trust Trump's vaccine.
I would not trust Trump's vaccine.
I'm not gonna take it.
And then fast forward, Biden's in office, mandate.
Everyone get the vaccine.
Everyone get the vaccine.
So there is some serious evil.
There is some serious evil.

[SPEAKER_01]
I'm glad you said that, Daniel, because I think if Trump had won that election, how many people would have taken the vaccine on the left?
They would not have taken it.

[SPEAKER_06]
They would not have taken it.
I agree.
It was serious coercion with this.

[SPEAKER_07]
That's a bizarre behavior when you really think about it.
I mean, if you sit there and ponder that for a minute, that's really absolutely
of bizarre behavior, you know, that if it's truly as magnificent as they say it is, and they're taking it in droves now.

[SPEAKER_05]
Should be giving Trump the credit for it.

[SPEAKER_01]
They were, they were in fact, Harris and Biden were both saying, we don't trust this.
It's too fat.
They were saying it during the, during the campaign before the election.
And then they switched.
And Steve, I'm right there with you.
None of my friends have called and said anything.
What they do do is send me little newsflashes about let's say like RFK Jr. and things like, you see, he is crazy.
Just things like that.
And again, we don't support a candidate.
I'm just saying,
that, you know, because of his vaccine stance.

[SPEAKER_05]
So have any of you have any of you had any of your friends come and apologize to say, hey, sorry, you were right.
I was wrong.
Have any of you had any friends come to you and say that?

[SPEAKER_06]
I do have there was like one or two chiefs in my house that voluntarily voluntarily took it and one got boosted and he had like
Like the third time he got COVID, he's like, damn, what, you know, what the fuck?
And I'm like, and he's like, you're right.
You're right.
This is crazy.
I'm not, I'm definitely not taking a booster anymore.
He did.
He definitely did.
And we're very close like that.
And they were seeing.
You know, he had two shots and boosted and he had COVID like three times.
I said, and now I, this was my speculation, but I said, I think it lowers your immune system because I didn't get sick until after I got the shot.
And if you also, I know Steve, you're a data guy.
So if you got the vaccine and within two weeks you were not vaccinated until after two weeks from the shot.
So what happens?
You get the shot, you get sick because your immune system is weakened from the shot.
If you get COVID within those two weeks, you count as an unvaccinated person who got COVID.
So it's, I mean, not only if you stayed unvaccinated, you probably wouldn't have got COVID, but now you got COVID because of the shot and they put you on the column of an unvaccinated person that got COVID and to push more vaccines.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah.
No, I don't get apologies.
There's not been an apology.
One, what I get is them shutting up.
and I appreciate that now whenever I talk and they they literally shut up and move out of my way or they just listen instead of calling me an anti-vaxxer and everything else they shut up put their head down and go away or they sit there and listen
And I'll take that as an apology because I was told that I was almost told like they even were talking about in New York City that we might need to use a different break room than the vaccinated.
So I was I was like, hey, hey, you guys, y'all understand.
We've been through this in history before.
Right.
Like we've segregated like this in the past.
not okay and they they tried that again like it was really that bad and so so now the apology has just been shutting up shut up listen sit down and realize that you just lost your mom or dad or your son or your daughter and you did that on your own accord and that sucks it sucks but
I hope they feel it.
I hope that they, people are like, you're insensitive.
Yes, when tyrants take over and tell us that we're going to lose our job or take a poison that's going to kill children, I'm going to be a little insensitive.
We have a second amendment when our first amendment is taken away and no one was willing to use it when it needed to be used.
So at some point we're going to have to stand up like men.
Because right now most men are trying to turn into women and and we're gonna have to stop this brother because it's that bad and my opinion just my but that's my apology then shutting up.
I appreciate it when they're quiet.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
Well, just just for the record Harry is not an anti-vaxxer Harry vaccinated his kids.

[SPEAKER_12]
I did.
Don't be mean about it.
My kid has autism and I am very angry about that too.
I didn't know at the time and now I have an autistic kid.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yes.
And tell us, tell us how long was it Harry from the time your child got the vaccine that you realized something was off?

[SPEAKER_12]
How many hours?
Within 24 hours, I realized he was running a fever.
He was acting sick after his wellness check.
It's amazing they call it a wellness check.
When they give him the vaccines, within 24 hours, he was running a fever.
Within 48 hours, he was looking off and the distance wasn't acting normal.
And it took me... 48 hours after the shot.
Yeah.
And it was acting like someone with a brain injury.

[SPEAKER_05]
And Harry, if I had a nickel, for every time someone told me that story,
I wouldn't have to charge for my sub-stock.

[SPEAKER_07]
It's that bad, yeah.
And I can tell you, 25 years as a paramedic, I can't even count the amount of times that I would go on a febrile pediatric seizure, you know, and what's different?
What happened?
Any medical?
No.
They went to their wellness show.
I just took them in and they got their shots today, you know, and then literally same thing.

[SPEAKER_05]
Wow.
Unbelievable.
It's wait a minute.
So febrile seizures, what do you, what is the percentage of the febrile seizure calls that you were on where you asked that question and you got, he just had a wellness check.

[SPEAKER_07]
That's hard.
I, yeah, it's hard.
Honestly, I mean, if, if I can think back, I would put the number close to 50%.
Yep.

[SPEAKER_05]
Now what, what does that tell you?
You think that's a coincidence?

[SPEAKER_12]
And what does it tell you that I've been in the medical field the same amount of time, and I didn't even know.
I didn't even correlate it.
Correlation isn't causation.
I didn't even see it until years later.
And that's that bad.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, and you're right.
You paid for it with, you know, you paid the price.

[SPEAKER_07]
Well, the thing is, too, is, you know, what always stood out to me was why
Nobody in the family is sick.
The kid's not going to preschool or to kindergarten with a bunch of other little Petri dishes.
So there's nothing around.
And then when you ask, has he been to the doctor recently?
Oh yeah, I just went today or yesterday and they had their shots.
And that's just literally.
I'd have to say another time for those.

[SPEAKER_05]
50% is a statistic that is statistically impossible to have happened if the shots didn't cause febrile seizures.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah.
And that's the start of it, you know?

[SPEAKER_06]
Something the pediatricians do is they tell you to introduce one food at a time to your infant to see if there's any reactions or anything.
But we're going to give them measles, mumps, rubella, and DTaP in one day.
In one day.
To a 10-pounder.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, but that's because they're safe and effective.
Because they're safe and effective.

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, gentlemen, this is a record marathon episode and I want to thank you all for all of your work and bravery in what you all do and speaking out and for being here tonight and sharing your stories with us and our audience.
It's been an incredible episode tonight and thank you.

[SPEAKER_02]
Thank you for having me.

[SPEAKER_12]
If we don't follow each other, you guys, I would like to follow all three of y'all and keep in touch if y'all don't mind.
Y'all are cool people.

[SPEAKER_01]
I hope you all stay together and connected and bring in more.
We've got to make a dent in trying to, as Steve was saying, create a new union amongst the EMTs and the firefighters and everyone.
And everyone out there watching, hit the like button if you like this episode or if you love this episode because this was fantastic.
And I also want to say I'm sorry for all of the suffering that you've all gone through as well.
We're all in that same boat together.
So, you know, wish you all the best.
And Steve, hang in there, brother.
Keep the positive thoughts and hopefully something turns good in your way.
We'll keep praying and keeping you in our thoughts.

[SPEAKER_05]
Thanks.
Thanks, Steve.
Keep up the good work.
Thank you.
Thank you guys for being here.

[SPEAKER_01]
And everyone hang in there.
I got a few announcements to make before I cast off for the evening.
Wow, that was a fantastic episode.
I hope you all enjoyed it as much as I did.
I want to remind everyone that VSRF is a nonprofit 501c3 organization and we solely
operate on your donations to bring you episodes like the ones we have brought you tonight with these brave, outstanding firefighters and EMTs, and we will continue to fight the fight.
I want to also say that our donor spotlight is Bruce G from Cincinnati, Ohio, who is an 83-year-old COVID-19 survivor who did not.
get the Vax and relied upon the FLCCC early treatment protocol instead.
Bruce writes, I was dubious of the whole COVID nonsense from day one, but watched cautiously and learned from trusted sources like you all at VSRF when I finally got COVID in December of 2021.
My doctor's only advice was to admit myself to the hospital, pump me full of remdesivir, and of course, take that dead gum Vax.
I said, no, thank you.
Instead, I walked out and took my chances with the FLCCC protocol.
Thank you for keeping me healthy and most importantly, Vax free.
Thank you, Bruce.
Thank you for your support.
And you made an incredible, difficult decision.
Most people did not follow their gut like you did.
So thank you for your support.
And VSRF is determined to consistently bring you dynamic content via our VSRF live shows.
We also need major funding to follow us to further our efforts.
for Nurse Angela to continue caring for the vaccine injured and for our team to update and enhance our website and to produce more events.
In fact, let me just switch my screen here.
Hello.
Let me just switch my screen here.
We are excited to announce that we are currently working on an upcoming major event
uh... called rescue the republic we announced it last week there was a slight little better upgrade in the name we're calling it rescue the republic join the resistance all of our defeat the mandates rallyers and supporters we are organizing it again
And we promise that this is a rally like no others and you definitely will not want to miss this.
Mark your calendars for September 29th in Washington, D.C. as we come together for Rescue the Republic.
This event is a celebration of the essence of what makes America and our republic so special.
We're coming together.
We're coming together in unity no matter what your political affiliation is, right or left, vaccinated or unvaccinated.
We are bringing together notable musical artists, comedians, and thought leaders of our generation to stand in solidarity.
At the heart of this celebration is a powerful message of peace, love, and unity.
Join us as we honor and uphold the values that make our nation great.
visit and register jointheresistant.org.
Even if you cannot be there in person, still register so we can keep you up to date about the event and the live stream.
Janet will put the link in the chat, the line up.
will be announced as they confirm.
So it's going to be a fantastic event.
I'm hoping to attend as well.
So let's show some strength there.
I'm going to change my screen here because I also want to remind everyone that we are having this raffle for a substack raffle, a seven pack.
And no matter how small, makes a big difference.
So you can support VSRF by getting your raffle tickets now.
10 bucks buys you one ticket and you can grab as many as you'd like to increase your odds.
Those are some great sub stacks.
So this is a, you know, for the winner, it'll be a bargain and you'll be helping us out tremendously.
The lucky winner will receive a full year of crucial breaking content from seven different sub stacks.
We thank you for your generosity and kindness.
We cannot do what we do without you.
Please consider donating to us or buying a raffle ticket.
We really appreciate your support.
Now then, next week, next week, another fantastic episode on deck.
Be sure to join us.
with Dr. David Martin, who will be our guest with Steve Kirsch.
Many of you have been eagerly awaiting for Dr. Martin to appear on the show, and it's going to be an insightful and engaging conversation.
You won't want to miss it.
And tonight we're going to sign off with the trailer
of VAX 3 Authorized to Kill by Children's Health Defense.
There will be screenings coming to you soon at a theater.
Janet will put the link in the chat for this event and it is important to get your tickets early
because that way it'll confirm that they will have the screening in your community.
So you can go to the website, type in your location and find a screening near you and buy your tickets and that'll help confirm that this film will be shown on September 18th.
So here's the trailer coming up.
Have a great rest of your evening.
Have a great weekend and we'll see you all next week.

[SPEAKER_10]
It's a nightmare.
It's a nightmare.

[SPEAKER_09]
I ended up in a wheelchair.
Completely seized up.
Thought I was stroking.
Couldn't walk.

[SPEAKER_10]
Had to relearn how to walk again.
Kidneys are shutting down.
She had five Pfizer COVID vaccinations.
She never woke up.
This is the life that I have now.
It's when you start thinking, how do I end my life?

[SPEAKER_11]
Something really sinister, really, really sinister was going on.

[SPEAKER_10]
These were fundamental violations of human rights.

[SPEAKER_11]
So we here at Children's Health Defense are going to go back out on the road.
We are going to speak to every single one of you.
What have you been through?
Those are my eyes.

[SPEAKER_00]
This is a huge tumor.
This is the bottom line lung that is filled with blood.
They said it was the most aggressive cancer that they've seen.

[SPEAKER_10]
I held on to my husband for the very last time and I stayed with him until his body got cold.
I told him that I loved him.

[SPEAKER_00]
Not to be afraid.

[SPEAKER_11]
What have your children been through COVID, through all of the issues that we've had over these last few years?
We want to hear all of your stories.
It was hard seeing 25-year-olds coming in with heart attacks, with strokes, because they received the vaccine.

[SPEAKER_10]
The success rate of these patients getting better was next to zero.

[SPEAKER_12]
There's something wrong.

[SPEAKER_04]
Something has happened and you have to consider the vaccine.
This is a pandemic of the unvaccinated.

[SPEAKER_10]
You showed up here and you're unvaccinated.
You will suffer for having not done what we had to do.
That to me was a crime against humanity and a violation of my oath.

[SPEAKER_11]
We will continue.
Children's Health Defense will continue and we will not stop until there's justice and this never ever happens again.
