[SPEAKER_06]
Power to the people!
Big edit, politics All I want is the truth Just give me some truth
No sure-head, yellow-bellied son of Twinkie-Dinkie's gonna bother other topsoes Me, we've got the pocket full of dope Money for dope Money for broke I'm sick to death of seeing things from tight-lipped condescending mommas ill-frozen All I want is the truth
Paranoid Queen of Dollars, Hollow One is the true man.
I'm sick to death of hearing things From uptight, short-sighted, narrow-minded, hypocrites All I want is the truth now Just give me some truth now I've had enough of reading things By neurotic, psychotic, big-headed politicians

[SPEAKER_02]
Tonight on VSRF Live, we welcome fearless journalist Shannon Joy for a critical discussion about this week's election and its tremendous impacts on the future of the health freedom and liberty movement.

[SPEAKER_01]
In a national first, maybe a global first, an Idaho health department is refusing to give COVID vaccines.
Multiple counties have banned the mRNA technologies and the COVID vaccines in the state of Idaho.
This idea that we need to wait for a president to do it is complete bollocks.
There is always some reason that they can't cut the budget.
They can't get rid of certain departments.
They can't repeal Obamacare.
They can't secure the border.
They can't build a wall.
They can't defund Planned Parenthood.
They can't get rid of the mRNA technologies.
They can't compensate or address the vaccine injured.
There's always a reason they can't do it.
And here we have a couple counties
in Idaho, the great state

[SPEAKER_02]
Good evening, everyone, and welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm your host, Livio Sanchez.
Thank you for joining us tonight.
We have a lot to cover, including a discussion on the recent election results and what this means for health freedom and individual rights.
Tonight, we're thrilled to have Shannon Joy with us.
Shannon is an independent broadcaster known for her fierce dedication to health freedom and her advocacy for individual rights.
She's become a leading voice in the fight against lockdowns and mandates while building community resistance and amplifying the voices of others in the freedom and liberty movement.
We're excited to hear her perspective on the recent election results.
And later in the show, Nurse Angela and Alexis Lorenz will join us for an update on Alexis's health journey.
But first, we're going to get right to it.
I'm going to bring on BSRF founder Steve Kirsch.
Good evening, Steve.
How are you?
I'm good.
Good.

[SPEAKER_08]
You know, the election was a very pleasant surprise.
It's not over yet.
I mean, this is just the beginning.

[SPEAKER_02]
It really is.
I felt a sense of relief that at least we have a shot at opening the Overton window and having a broader conversation than what was going on the last four years.

[SPEAKER_08]
Absolutely.
Yeah, I mean, it's, it's going to be pretty interesting what plays out after Trump gets an office.

[SPEAKER_02]
It really is.
And because Shannon has a limited time tonight, I'm going to bring her on right now and get her on the show.
Welcome, Shannon joy.
How are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_01]
I'm doing so well.
It's so great to be with you guys.
I've seen so many of these episodes.
It's very cool for me to be joining you guys.
I love VSRF.
I love everything you guys are doing.
And of course, you know, Steve Kirsch has been critical as a resource and advocate on my show.
So you guys are amazing.
I'm a big fan.

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, I'm glad we finally, finally have you on VSRF Live.
It's been way long overdue.
And before I let you and Steve have a conversation, I want to read your bio in case there's someone out in the audience that doesn't know who you are.
So I'm going to start off by telling everyone that you are an independent broadcaster, podcaster and videocaster.
You launched your daily show over a decade ago, starting with a small radio station in Rochester, New York.
and have since expanded to national syndication.
Shannon's show is now featured on platforms like Rumble, Twitter, iHeartRadio, and all major podcast outlets.
Shannon has been a staunch advocate for personal liberty, rejecting COVID lockdowns, mask mandates, and vaccine requirements from the outset.
She organized numerous local protests and founded freedom groups across New York state, and we're honored to have her here tonight.
And I'm going to actually launch you guys into a conversation because what I love about what you're doing, Shannon, is your independent journalism and not necessarily jumping on any sort of bandwagon.
And here you are breaking this story about the Trump campaign quietly distancing itself from R.F.K.
Jr. after vaccine safety comments.
So I just want to get that out into the conversation.
And I will be back in about 20 minutes to set you because Shannon's got to go tonight and attend a volleyball game, which is really important.
So have a great conversation.

[SPEAKER_01]
Thanks, Livia.
Hey, well, yeah, so knives are already out.
I mean, let me tell you, like, clearly that was a planted story in the Telegraph, of course.
Right.
But the there certainly is, you know, word on the street is that that is from advisors of President Trump.
There are people who are advising him and his inner circle.
and part of the administration that are going to actively work to oust RFK Jr. before it even starts.
And we have to be ready for that, right?
A lot of people were unhappy with me for posting that and pushing it out.
But, you know, we got to cut this off at the pass and get ahead of it, right?

[SPEAKER_08]
Absolutely.
If there's one thing that they can do, if there's one thing I want, I created this wish list of Make America, well, my to-do list for Make America Healthy again.
Sure.
And one of the things that I just added recently this morning,
is that we should make America accountable again.
And the way to do that would be to force the government to respond to independent journalists questions.

[SPEAKER_01]
Right.

[SPEAKER_08]
And if there's any dispute that it gets resolved quickly,
by a third party arbitrator who then says you either have to answer the question or no.
That answer was sufficient.
Because then we would have lots of points of accountability.
Because now these journalists, these independent journalists can act as oversight
and holding people accountable, which is what journalism is supposed to do.
It's what the free press is supposed to do.
But the problem is that limiting your responses to the mainstream media doesn't do anything for accountability.
But if people like me can get my questions answered,
It's a whole new ball game.

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, I mean, what could we do to reform this government?
Oh, let me count the ways, Steve Kersh.
I mean, there is so much wrong with what is happening in the United States of America.

[SPEAKER_08]
Right, but you need to expose it first.
That's the thing.
You know, look at the COVID vaccines, right?
They're saying, oh, you know, there are all these studies and this and that, and they're not responding to any of the data that shows that they're lying.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_08]
And so by creating accountability, I think that that cuts across many disciplines.
It's not just in vaccines.
This will aid exposing graft and corruption and inefficiency throughout all of government.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_08]
And who should say no to that?
It's like the press is supposed to be holding the government accountable and free press is vital, but we just don't have the free press or the press that the government ignores.

[SPEAKER_01]
Right.
Well, this is why, you know, listen, one of the problems with the Trump administration and Trump himself is that it's very hard.
You really do have Trump derangement syndrome on both sides of the aisle.
Right.
Left wing news media hates and vilifies Trump no matter what.
He is Hitler.
It's the end of the world.
He's going to start World War Three.
There is nothing redeeming whatsoever.
But on the other hand, from the right, you have an equal Trump derangement syndrome, and that's that he can't do anything wrong.
You defend him no matter what.
You wait and wait and wait for him to make good on his promises, and you don't hold him accountable for the promises that he has made.
And so this is the precarious situation that we will find ourselves
if we don't make sure that there is a fierce, fierce independent media that is willing now to call him out, his administration out, if they're not going to make good on the promises that they have made the American people.
And right now we're in a very delicate situation, Steve, right?
There are no assurances that Bobby Kennedy Jr. is going to have any type of role within the Trump administration.
other than Trump bringing Bobby up and putting him in front of the crowd and saying he's a great guy.
We have the Howard Lucknick interview on CNN where the anchor on CNN asked him about Bobby Kennedy in an administrative position within the Trump administration and he laughed at her.
Howard Lepnick is the guy.
He is one of the top guys on Trump's transition team.
And that led to Bobby Kennedy Jr. having to go on Fox News and and say, no, no, it's not true.
But right now we are hoping and praying that Donald Trump is going to make good on his promise.
and put Bobby Kennedy in a position of power, and if he does, that isn't going to get thwarted by the crisis du jour, which is obviously going to happen the moment he goes into office.
We could have an economic collapse, a financial collapse, we could have World War III in terms of what's going on with NATO and Ukraine and the conflict in Israel.
And so as a medical freedom movement, if we want justice for the vaccine injured and people who are devastated by the COVID-19 lockdowns and the demo side that happened in 2020 and 21, then we are not going to be able to rest on our laurels and feel safe and think that just because he was put into office or he won the election that he's going to make good on his promises.
We've got to push him and you have to push him hard.
And that doesn't mean it's a nice media with access.
No, it's a media that's independent and ready to go and ready to hold them to account.
at every single step.
And, you know, I've pledged to my audience.
I'm going to be doing that.
It doesn't make me popular.
Believe me.
The Democrats don't like me.
The Republicans don't like me.
No one likes me.
But at the same time, it doesn't matter what side of the political aisle that you're on.
If you are hiding information, if you're obscuring, if you're engaging in corruption, then we got to call them out.
And that's our role now.
And I think the
The medical freedom community has an opportunity to do this.
We are still together.
We are still united.
And we have to make sure that Trump makes good on his promises to elevate Bobby Kennedy.
And then we'll see after that.
I mean, he hasn't even mentioned a reckoning on COVID.
So we've got a lot of work to do.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, so I want to ask you a couple questions.
One is, when you ask the government, do you ever ask any of the agencies any questions?
Or do you not even bother?

[SPEAKER_01]
There's no, neither political party.
I can't even get candidates to come on my show.
The only politician that will come on my show is Ron DeSantis.
I kid you not.
So I've interviewed Governor Ron DeSantis twice.
There is no, Ron Johnson won't even come on my show.
I mean, I put inquiries out to his office.

[SPEAKER_08]
That seems odd.

[SPEAKER_01]
I mean, I have no idea.
I like I cannot get a politician to come on my show.
Period.
They won't come on.

[SPEAKER_08]
But and questioning government agencies.
Have you ever tried to
You know, say, hey, I'm, you know, contact media relations for any government agency or local health authority.
I don't care what it is.

[SPEAKER_01]
I mean, I am a one-woman show.
That's elaborate.
They will, I mean, they will send you down a rabbit hole of, of, you know, miscommunication.
It's all, it's almost impossible to get.
No, I mean, I, well, I mean, bright-eyed and bushy-tailed at the very beginning of my career.
I'm like, oh, someone's going to talk to me.
I'm a plucky journalist.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_01]
I mean, I got over that real fast.
Like, they will not talk to me.

[SPEAKER_08]
Like, like, how many minutes did that take?
I mean, over that?

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, it took me a couple years.
I mean, I'm highly optimistic.
Never say never.
But now I learned my lesson.
I'm in New York State.
New York politics is very dirty.
And we have a uniparty system here.
And every sense of the word, it's why it's why New York is one of the most corrupt states in the country.
And I fear that it's going to go that way if we don't start holding these
politicians accountable left and right for sure but no they they they the independent media is completely uh blocked from you know this i mean you know this it's a cat and mouse game they they they they don't play they don't play

[SPEAKER_08]
Yep.
Yeah.
OK.
So the other thing is organizing.
Their side is well organized in terms of, hey, everybody on message, safe and effective, blah, blah, blah.
Our side seems like we're very independent people, and we all go our own way, and we're fighting this big
Goliath.
And it's like, if you want to win, I think we need to really coordinate a lot better than we have been in the past, which is not very much.

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, I think, yes, if you want to go and fight Goliath with your own Goliath.
Right.
So if you have a big bad apparatus that has that has serious control of the message, no individual thought, no room for any dissent.
and you want to meet them on the battlefield with your own Goliath, then you have to really clamp down on people who aren't on message.
You have to elect a hierarchy of people to decide what the message is going to be.
And when you do that, you lose all of the beauty and the importance of
individual ideas and freedom.
And so I think we have to look at defeating Goliath in the context of being David.
And this is why I always say, I mean, one of the big issues in the medical freedom movement is bickering over what is the big, big plan that's going to save the world and make everything better.
And we all have these ideas, especially within this movement, a lot of very, very smart, intelligent people, scientists and doctors and economists and all these people,
And we have white pages, 120 pages long of all these plans, and we can't agree on any of the plans.
So this is one of the reasons I say to beat a global monster or to beat this massive Leviathan, the answer is a decentralized localism that is organized throughout the country in every town and village across the United States of America.
And that's why I highlighted that story about Idaho.
Right?
Sometimes the best opposition is coming from a defensive posture.
highly decentralized, but sharing the best information and refusing to comply from the bottom up.
So when the federal government comes out with all of their grand plans and all of their rules and regulations in the next crisis, it's going to lead to the next tyrannical lockdown.
If we have an infrastructure of localized organizations, county by county by county across the country, if we're talking to enough sheriffs,
Enough local zoning boards and school boards and and well that'd be coordination again And there's coordination there, but it's loose and it's decentralized with that with people acting freely Then you have a very quick resistance and you could you could thwart
A lot of the bad things that the federal government is doing, you know, I really would love to see more people talking about taking apart and getting rid of as opposed to adding to or overseeing or reforming.
I know people are excited about Elon Musk going in.
He's the Doja, right?
The Department of Government Efficiency.
This is amazing to me that they're going to create a whole new bureaucratic department
in order to oversee all the other departments and they're going to put a private corporation head in charge of that to decide who gets who's efficient who isn't efficient or in this case we saw this you know essential versus non-essential all decided by one guy Elon Musk like what are his qualifications for that are there conflicts of interest and why are we just knee-jerkers accepting all of this
So I'm not saying that there's one policy prescription here.
I'm just saying if we think less in terms of creating this big Leviathan to save us and to beat the bad guy, we talk about decentralizing and organizing locally and sharing information, then I think we're going to get closer to real solutions than we ever will in Washington, D.C., because I'm just not confident
I'm not optimistic about what Trump is going to do.
I hope I'm wrong.
I tell my audience every day, I hope I'm wrong about this.
But we did have experience with Donald Trump in the lockdowns of 2020.
Much of what he did initiated the tragic situation that we're in today.
And I don't think that we should forget that.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yes, it is a long road ahead.

[SPEAKER_01]
It is.

[SPEAKER_08]
And I think we would benefit from a combination of
coordination as well as independent action.
I don't think it's one or the other.
I think that you can leverage coordination so that if the what happened in Ohio can happen in other places in the country.
And, you know, that that that would be very powerful.
So what do you think you have to go?
What like in five minutes?
Is that right?

[SPEAKER_01]
No, no, I can stay till 730.
So I have another 10 minutes.

[SPEAKER_08]
Okay.
So what do you think?
Like if you were to use your crystal ball and predict what will things be like in one year from today?
Do you think that Bobby, so let's start with RFK.
Do you think that he is going to have a position in the Trump administration of significant power or do you think he's going to be marginalized?
Let's start with that.
And answer and then tell me why you think that.

[SPEAKER_01]
Okay, I think the knee-jerk position of the Trump administration will be to marginalize Bobby Kennedy Jr. and to, you know, if they can get away with it, not even put him into an administrative or a cabinet position.
So I think that's going to be the knee jerk simply because of the nature of who is around Trump right now.
He's bringing a lot of the old gang back in terms of transition.
So Howard Lutnick and Jared Kushner.
We've heard Steve Mnuchin and a lot of the people that were in Trump's inner circle in his first administration are, you know, the band is back together.
Corey Lewandowski and Kellyanne Conway are back.
as well.
And so, I could foresee them.
Here's the deal.
The crime against humanity that was committed in 2021 was perpetrated by so many large corporations and agencies and bureaucrats that are reckoning.
It's almost as if for them right now, it's too big to fail.
They cannot let this cat out of the bag.
We're so close, Steve, by the way.
I know you said we have a long way to go.
I get the sense that we are so close to breaking through and completely obliterating the vaccine narrative.
And we're seeing that with what happened in Idaho, with what is happening with the vaccine uptake rate.
All of the court cases,
Warner Mendenhall came to the Brownstone Institute gala over the weekend and presented on all of the cases that they are winning.
The Brianne Dressen case that has been brought by Erin Seary and the folks over at ICANN.
I mean, we are chipping away in so many areas of the pharmaceutical control of the narrative that I think that their mission is to kind of corral this and keep it in check.
So, you know, if Trump
If Trump goes along with his advisors and allows them to influence him, then Bobby Kennedy Jr.'s out the door, okay?
But if we as a movement call it out quickly and place enormous amounts of pressure on the Trump administration and the people around him, then he might be more likely or he might have to
bring Bobby Kennedy Jr. in in some capacity and give him some level of power.
But I think the knee-jerk is no, we might have an opportunity to push him in there, but the long knives will be out from every corner.
Washington D.C. is absolutely riddled with these interests, the lobbyists and the corporations, and they want this to go away.
They're going to do everything they possibly can to achieve that.

[SPEAKER_08]
So the question is, will they succeed or will we succeed?
And what is the plan when you say if we all get together and put pressure on Trump, how do you propose we all get together and put pressure on Trump?

[SPEAKER_01]
I think, you know, we have how many millions of activists and advocates that came together in 2020 and 2021 in opposition to the lockdowns and the forced vaccines.
And so we have groups all across the country and the world, groups like VSRF and we have FLCCC and we have Brownstone and Daily Cloud, the work that Naomi Wolf is doing.
And I think
setting up loose collaborations, sharing information, trying to get on message when we agree.
I do know, I can tell you that I'm part of many groups across the country right now that are very concerned about the pivot from vaccines, vaccine injury and addressing what happened during COVID lockdowns and focusing more on food and fluoride and what's in the air and the water, which we all understand is
is important, but at the same time, we don't want that message, we don't want the message of a reckoning for the vaccine injured to get lost in that messaging.
And the discussion about food is like the Grand Canyon, man, you can go in any direction with that and get distracted very, very easily.
And so I know that there is great concern among some of the biggest leaders in our movement about that pivot.
And for me right now, what I'm doing is I'm just reaching out to people like you and reaching out to all of my colleagues all over the country and sharing information and asking relevant questions.
working together to hold this administration accountable.
As far as a plan, I don't know.
I think sometimes the resistance
When you're the little guy, you can't really have a widespread plan.
I mean, maybe if you have one, I don't know if I have like the blueprint for an actual plan.
But I think, you know, for the most part, just refusing to comply with anything that is unjust, unconstitutional.
And if they try anything, we're ready to go.
We're ready to say no.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, I don't think that just refusing to comply is going to determine whether Bobby Kennedy is marginalized or not marginalized.
That's what I'm concerned.
Like what do you envision as a way of ensuring that he is not marginalized?

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, it is all going to be outside pressure.
It's going to be petitions, letter writing, advocating, using social media and mainstream media as much as we can, getting our message out there and withdrawing support, you know, from Trump if he tries to marginalize RFK.
But let me, I mean, I will tell you though, Steve,
We're going to know that probably fairly quickly.
We're going to know if he's kind of pushing him aside.
And we have to be ready to deal with potentially a president who goes back on his word.
And then as a movement, we're going to have to figure out what to do with that.
And that means we're going to have to change strategies.
But at this point, he's elected, right?
We gave him his vote.
We put him in office.
And at this point, he doesn't owe us a whole lot.
So it's going to be, again, bottom-up lobbying with our local representatives and doing what we can to make it difficult for him to betray his word.
But it's going to be tough.
We didn't get these assurances before the election.
I always advocated that we do get these type of assurances before the election, but Trump held out.
Now he holds the cards.

[SPEAKER_08]
I just think we've tried and he has, and he has the Trump card too.

[SPEAKER_01]
He's got the Trump card.
He does.
He's got the power, man.
Senate, the presidency, and you know, we, we might have to become the loyal opposition.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.
Have you talked to anybody to get a sense for what's going on in the Trump campaign now?
Do you have any personal contacts, any personal insights?
You know, I don't able to gather.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, I don't have a ton.
I have a few sources, but it's really hard that the messaging.
It's so hard even to take sources because they plant stories and they want to plant narratives and and everyone I mean, what people can know though is that there is a frenzy right now.
Everyone sees power.
Everyone wants access to power and they're going to cut each other's throats in order to get close to it.
So, you know, this is what's going to happen in the next 30 to 60 days as Trump builds his administration.
But I will tell you, the globalists, the technocrats, the people who did this to us, they are still firmly in control in Washington, D.C.
They have an enormous amount of money and there's a lot at stake for them.
They wanna bury this and they want people to forget about what happened in 2020.
And it's obvious.
I mean, Trump was able to go through this entire electoral season and never really address or answer any real questions about his decisions to sign the lockdown orders and initiate Operation Warp Speed.
And so you can see that- Talk about accountability, huh?

[SPEAKER_08]
Talk about draining the swamp.

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, JD, listen, JD Vance and one of his investment firm, Narya, is invested in a corporation that manufactures mRNA technologies.
I mean, so the vice president is, Vivek Ramaswamy and a lot of the inner circle with Trump, I mean, they were cashing in on COVID-19.
and writing pitch proposals to get government subsidies and money during the lockdowns.
So a lot of the people that are in his inner circle now, we just need to know this and we need to be ready to try to use our organizational efforts to switch things, to change the narratives and hold them accountable.
But yeah, it's vicious.
It's vicious.
There's a lot at stake.

[SPEAKER_08]
With that, it's 4.30 and you're gonna turn into a pumpkin.

[SPEAKER_01]
7.30, I know.
I don't wanna go.

[SPEAKER_08]
No, it's 4.30 my time.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_01]
7.30 your time.
Who has a sectional final volleyball game at eight o'clock at night, only in New York State?
And we gotta drive a half an hour to get there, too.
It's not gonna be the same.

[SPEAKER_02]
You don't wanna be late.
Don't wanna be late.
And I had a question about that, but I'm gonna ask that next time you come back.

[SPEAKER_06]
Okay, all right.

[SPEAKER_02]
Because I have a friend whose daughter
now a daughter, used to be a boy, plays girls volleyball.
And I was gonna ask you how you felt if there was one of those, your daughter's opposing team, if that would be an issue.

[SPEAKER_01]
Oh, it'd be an issue.
It would be an issue, 100%.
I'm watching that issue.
In fact, girls volleyball, it was, what, at the University of Nevada players?
I mean, there is a group of, I wanna say six or seven NCAA Division I women's volleyball teams that forfeited their games against
Who was it?

[SPEAKER_02]
There were two teams that forfeited those games, I believe.

[SPEAKER_01]
There were five.

[SPEAKER_02]
Five.
We went to five, so I didn't even keep playing.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
And so, you know, God bless those girls.
That's what it's going to come to.
The girls are, eventually this whole thing is going to have to come to girls being like, we're not, we're just not playing, you know?
And so, but no, you guys are great.
I wish I could stay longer.
I'm super bummed.

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, don't be bummed.
Go enjoy the volleyball game, because we're going to continue this.
We'll have a part two as soon as we can all fit it into our schedules.
And Shannon, thank you.
And thank you for holding the line.
I really appreciate you actually asking the difficult questions and taking that difficult position, because I'm similar.
I'm like, let's wait and see.
But I'm going to keep a very skeptical eye until I know what Bobby's assigned to.
What's his role?
That's what I really want to know.

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, and at the end of the day, I have these hunches, but I hope I'm wrong.
Like when I say these things, it is with with all of the hope in the world that that I'm wrong on this one.
And so we just have to wait and see.
We just have to wait and see what happens.
It's hard to game out, but we'll continue to watch it.

[SPEAKER_02]
Absolutely.
Well, hopefully you get a good good match tonight and a W. All right.

[SPEAKER_01]
Thanks, guys.
We'll see you soon.

[SPEAKER_02]
All right.

[SPEAKER_01]
All right.

[SPEAKER_02]
Wow, we just got started.
Unfortunately, she has to go.
Fascinating, though.
How are you after that conversation, Steve?
And how were you before?
Were you just, okay, it's good, Bobby's gonna make change, and now you're a little bit like, hmm, what if some shenanigans happen and they get bulldozed by the moneyed interest in Big Pharma?

[SPEAKER_08]
Yep.
Yep.
If they put Bobby in charge of HHS, for example, he has to be approved by the Senate.
Are the drug companies then going to throw cash at the senators to try to buy their votes?
There's stuff like that.
There's a long road here to redemption.

[SPEAKER_02]
Remember when Bobby testified way back when and they had the Democrats and the Republicans, they were talking about the vaccines and the Republicans were all behind Bobby and the Democrats were all against him.
I wonder how that will hold up because now they control both the House and the Senate.
It seems like they would continue to stand behind him.
they might change with a little bit of a little bit.
We'll see.

[SPEAKER_08]
We'll see what happens.
Well, I mean, a lot depends on what Trump decides to do and who he listens to.

[SPEAKER_02]
Right, ultimately he gets to decide who he's going to appoint to a position without having to be confirmed, right?
So they could throw him down a path into a position that has to be confirmed, or he could be appointed a czar or some other advisory position, which then they don't necessarily have to listen to him.

[SPEAKER_08]
That's right.
It all depends on what Trump does.

[SPEAKER_02]
Before we bring out our next guest, I wanted to ask you about and follow up on your Santa Clara.
You filed a new claim, right?
Or a complaint form.
I'm going to share my screen.
Wait, hold on.
I got to share a different screen.
Stand by.
This one, you filed a formal complaint in Santa Clara County alleging malfeasance by the public health department.
Want to take us through how this works in your town?

[SPEAKER_08]
Sure.
In most places, the County Board of Supervisors is responsible for oversight of public agencies.
And so the same is true in Santa Clara County.
They have a board of supervisors manual and they have a complaint procedure.
So if you find stuff that isn't working the way it should work, then you can use the complaint form.
And there is an official process that happens when you initiate a complaint.
I followed the procedures on the form and I sent it into the email address listed on the form and the form bounced because the email address is no longer active.
So what did you do?
Did you go?
I have another I have another email to that I used to contact a clerk of the Board of Supervisors.
So so that wasn't a problem for me.
But for for other people, they'd have to go and troubleshoot that.
But
The main thing is that what I did is I made an official public record that they're on record as being informed by someone who is credible.
And I went through a lot of stuff in my complaint to talk about my background so that I wouldn't be dismissed.
And then I went through the data.
And the data is troubling.
And what's really troubling, of course, is that when you ask the public health department to explain what they say is no comment.
And what's really troubling is that the county executive in our county, then their office went and asked the same questions that my supervisor got a no comment on.
And they got a no comment, too.
But what's worse is that they said,
That's perfectly acceptable.
You know, people are dying and they said, no, they have no comment on it.
And so, so there you go.
I'm going like, what, what planet are you on?
I didn't say that to him, but, but it's like, you know, you can't, you can't like, it's like, oh, there was a, there was a shooting in, in the public health department and half the people got shot.
And the county executive calls up and says, wait, what happened?
What caused the death of half of the members of the public health department?
And they said, well, no comment.
And then the county executive says, oh, OK, see, they have no comment.
I mean, it is so preposterous.
the way these people are acting, it is unbelievable.

[SPEAKER_02]
Let's see how deep this goes.
Let's play the video.
You actually went down again and filed a complaint in person.
Here's the video of you actually going down to the committee.

[SPEAKER_03]
All right, we're gonna call up our first six speakers.
So if you could go ahead and get in line.
We have Steve Kirsch.
Jeffrey Preck.
Ronald Owens Jr.
Mark Trout, Cole Cameron, and Flair Beekman.

[SPEAKER_02]
So do they ever come up to you after before and sort of sidebar, Hey, or they just like, Oh no, it's, it's, it's curse again.

[SPEAKER_08]
And, and they just, no, it's a, it's, it's fairly cordial.

[SPEAKER_02]
It's cordial.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.
I mean, it's just, you know, Hey, you're here to, uh, you know, speak publicly.
Great.
You know, fill out the form.
Thank you very much.
Blah, blah, blah.
It's all goes, uh, according to the, uh, um, the procedure.
They act professionally, I act professionally.
I mean, there's no bad behavior here.
There's no complaining, no griping, no.
Okay.
And so forth.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_02]
And will there ever be a hearing about your complaint?
Do they have to hear it or can they choose not to?

[SPEAKER_08]
Um, they could choose not to, in which case then I could choose to bring legal action to force them to take action on it.
So it's a sort of a game of chicken.
Is there a precedent to- But you know, if they're good people, right, they should be exploring this.
Right?
There's any, any sane ethical person, um, when confronted with data that is this bad,
You know, it's objectively this bad.
They should pay attention to it and they should demand an explanation.
And I said and I offered, I said in my note, I said, hey, you know, look, happy to resolve this with a conversation with the board.
Maybe I just, you know, simply got it wrong.
But so far, I've got nothing to indicate that it's wrong.
And I have confirmation from worldwide data that your data is the same as worldwide data showing that these vaccines were should show.

[SPEAKER_02]
We need to bring on the city councils in Idaho that were able to get those.
Oh yeah, that'd be awesome.
So we should, we're going to do that.
We're going to contact them, see if we can bring them on and find out what was their process.
What did they do to actually get these mRNAs off of their books for now?
Cause that might be a, there might be some learnings there.

[SPEAKER_08]
Oh yeah, absolutely.

[SPEAKER_02]
Great.
Let's, let's, let's get that going.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.
Yeah.
That'd be awesome.

[SPEAKER_02]
All right.
Well, I want to bring on nurse Angela.
Welcome nurse Angela.
How are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_00]
I'm great.
Love you on Steve.
How are you doing?

[SPEAKER_02]
Good.
We're processing the conversation with Shannon and the possibility that Trump may not keep his promises.

[SPEAKER_00]
I have faith he will, love you.

[SPEAKER_02]
I do too.
I got to keep that hope, but I'm constantly vigilant.

[SPEAKER_00]
I know we've been burned so bad in the past that it's hard to have faith and trust.
But in my heart, I feel like the right thing is going to happen.
And for the first time in my life, I feel so much hope and relief for all the vaccine injured, for all the people harmed by big pharma.
the parents who've lost kids due to fentanyl overdoses and all sorts of harm that's been done, the opioid crisis, the antidepressant drugs that are given to kids and pushed down their throats.
So I have felt so much relief for that, for us, for our kids, for the health of our country.
So I'm going to hold out for hope.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's what we have to do.
And, and, and in a short order and short amount of time between now and January 20th, is that the inauguration day?

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_02]
When, uh, he'll walk in and then we'll, we'll get the, uh, the appointments going sooner.

[SPEAKER_00]
Well, I mean, I think for me, the biggest thing is, is dealing with the fraud and the corruption.
I mean, Steve and I talk about this all the time.
It's like, we just bang our heads against the wall because we cannot believe
the level of fraud and cor a quick little story befo on.
She's in the middle o really quick and she'll share this short story th week.
I've been home now
to not be with Alexis in the ICU.
This is going to be weird to see her because I'm usually with her doing interviews.
But last week when I was with her, something really interesting happened in the ICU.
And it really shocked me.
She has a new attending doctor that comes on every seven days.
So they watch her for seven days, and then they pass it on to the next.
And so there's this kind of continuity of care, but then it gets stopped with someone new.
And this doctor comes on super kind, super nice.
And we're talking and he's like, gosh, I just, I can't believe.
And Steve, I'm not going to mention any of these doctors names because I don't, I know the hospital is watching us like a hawk.
They watch everything that Steve does that we do that Alexis does.
And I mean, they come back and report to us so that they are watching us.
So I, and I, I, I'm glad that they're watching this interview.
I hope they learned something from this, but.
this doctor says something really interesting.
He said, you know, I PNH is something I've never seen before.
And I said, me neither.
I've never even heard of it.
Um, and he's like, I just can't believe that, that it did this to her.
And I said, well, she's had PNH diagnosed since January of last year.
And usually when you get a diagnosis, you usually have the condition much longer.
So in reality, she's probably had this much longer than just a year.
She's had treatment for it before.
This has never happened to her.
I said, what happened to her is she got three shots and she had an immediate reaction.
So much so that the nurse that was taking care of her that gave her those three shots was crying over her on the bedside.
Clearly upset and saying I hope when you wake up this goes away because it happened to her on a Friday night like around 930 or 10 at night so she gets three shots has an immediate reaction has this whole cascade of event and Never in medicine have I seen where you give something to somebody and they have a reaction and you don't blame it on that It's like giving a peanut to a kid and having them have anaphylaxis and saying oh, it's not the peanut so this doctor says to me
Oh, she had a reaction to vaccines.
Like, what are you talking about?
And I said, you're her doctor this week, you're her attending, and you didn't know she had a reaction to the vaccines.
And he's like, no, I had no idea.
And it really shocked me because that is the most crucial, critical thing that everybody taking care of her should know.
It should be in her chart.
It should be on her, like, med list, you know, her allergy med list that she's allergic to these vaccines.
And the man taking care of her didn't even know.
And so he was very willing to listen.
He actually had a conversation for a long time with Steve.
And, you know, I just feel that it's very, very corrupt in medicine that you could hand over care.
And by the way, the higher up people, the CMO, they know, I asked them point blank and they said, Oh,
We just think that it was a coincidence.
Um, you know, it's her PNH it's, it's, it's, she's got conditions and, and I'm thinking like, how, how could you even say it makes absolutely zero sense, you know, that you're going to blame it on something else when her reactions were so immediate.
And, um, so I learned something new in the hospital that they aren't, they're even keeping it from the people that are taking care of her.
Um, the other thing that I did learn in the hospital is that there's some really good people, um, in that hospital as well.
You know, there are some people that I, you know, I clearly am, I don't care for, and I think are harming us, but there are some really great doctors who are doing the right thing.
Um, there's, there's a pretty high up doctor who pulled me outside and said, you know, our medical system is really corrupt and he, he's a doctor that held Alexis's hands.
that lowered his mask so she could see her face.
His eyes welled up when he talked to her.
She's got a great burn team.
She's got great nurses.
And so I just have a lot of hope right now.
I have a lot of hope for Alexis.
I have a lot of hope for change.
I have a lot of hope for the vaccine injured.
And I'm just gonna keep on being positive.
And us at VSRF are gonna keep on making change.
We're not going anywhere.
We're gonna keep on pushing.
We're gonna keep fighting.
So I think there's really, really great things ahead for us.

[SPEAKER_02]
That's my hope.
What you're saying there, Angela, is that if Bobby gets in and does the work he's going to do, a lot of people get help.
I'm hoping like the vaccine injured will then actually be able to.
receive treatment publicly and openly without being shamed and ignored.

[SPEAKER_00]
And we'll be allowed to talk about it and not be censored and, you know, all of these amazing things of, you know, freedom of speech.
Oh, I see my girl right there.
Hi, Alexis.

[SPEAKER_02]
Let's bring Alexis on.
She's available now.
Hello, Alexis.

[SPEAKER_00]
Welcome.
Hi, sweetie.
I love you and I miss you so much.
It's so weird to see you.

[SPEAKER_04]
It's good to see all of you.
Great to see you.

[SPEAKER_02]
Great to have you on Alexis and you look a lot better than last time we had you on.
Tell us how you're feeling.
What's the latest?

[SPEAKER_04]
I've been feeling okay as of recently.
They have me on a ketamine therapy right now, so it's helping get rid of the pain.
I've had a lot of operations this past few weeks and I have one coming up tomorrow.
I was put to sleep on Tuesday and now they're doing it again tomorrow.
They have to.
They used to do the cleanings for my wounds up here in the room and it's gotten so excruciating to where I couldn't handle the pain to where now they have to put me fully to sleep and full anesthesia at least once to twice a week to get all this cleaned up, which is really scary.
But since they have me on the ketamine therapy, I don't really feel any pain.
So that's that's good for me because for a while there the past about three weeks.
I've been Literally was screaming in my sleep Angela said and I was waking up to myself Screaming because of how bad the pain has gotten And the healing process is still in the question It's questionable.
It's up in the air how that's all gonna go They're trying to see how well my skin is gonna heal on its own, but we're looking into
getting either skin grafting or lab-made skin to apply to my head because it seems like it's not going to grow back on its own fast enough.
So it's been an up and down process here, but I'm just happy to have, like Angela was saying, some good doctors on my team now.
And we're really trying to figure out a good plan of care.

[SPEAKER_00]
I can vouch for Alexis in that I have never in my career of 25 years seen anybody in as much pain as her.
And I mean, it's painful.
When you guys see me cry, I'm not the biggest crier.
I have never, it's so vis like she's like my baby g look at the nurses who ar that one day with that v I'm in the back holding just the look on the peo are doing this to her.
L to see somebody go throu
that the head and the face has so many nerves and everything is exposed.
So you can only imagine when cold air gets onto it or when water or soap or, you know, any type of agent comes on it.
It is like pain that I've never seen anybody and most people that are
in that kind of pain are usually unconscious.
Um, and she, you know, Alexis, you are just the toughest, bravest, most positive, sweet girl handling this with so much grace.
I don't even, I honestly don't even know how you do it.
You, you, you amaze me every day.

[SPEAKER_02]
Is there any sort of a timetable as to when she might actually be able to get out of the hospital?

[SPEAKER_04]
No.
It's very unsaid.
A lot of the doctors are hoping that I can get out by the end of November, which is fingers crossed for me.
But we also thought I was going to get out by the end of October.
And it seems like things are getting prolonged.
So we're thinking I still have another about two months to go.
Most hopefully.
I'll be here but it's

[SPEAKER_00]
A month ago, we had a doctor say that she was getting out in seven days or they were hoping she was going to go home in seven days.
I mean, it's, it's really, it's, it's how she does with the lab grown graft.
She, you know, the, the, the graph that she was talking about is another huge surgical procedure.
It's not, when you think about grafting, it's basically taking a very large portion of the upper thigh, going into the operating room, taking a very large portion of that upper thigh, transplanting that onto the head and making sure that the head
accepts that and then also dealing with the wound on the leg.

[SPEAKER_04]
So it's... Yeah, and then they're thinking not to do that because they don't want me to have to go through the healing process of the wound on the leg because since I take so long to heal compared to the regular human due to the PNH, the red blood cells and all of my white blood cells and my platelets are low, it'd take me way too long to heal from.
The skin grafting from my thigh, so that's why they're looking into the lab-made skin, because they don't want me to have to go through another whole surgical process here.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, it's just kind of trial and error at this point, you know.
weighing all the pros and the cons and doing what's best for her.
But I mean, the great news is, Alexis, like, everything seems to be going in the right direction.
Like, your labs have been totally stable.
And, you know, for the last, you know, since that, for our last call, I feel like you've been doing much better.
And correct me if I'm wrong, but you just, it seems like things are definitely improving.
At least you're not in pain.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, I mean, I certainly get that impression.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, just a little bit.
But I think it's due to the ketamine drip.
That's why I'm not feeling as much pain because as soon as they put me on that I wasn't in pain anymore.
And you're leveling it out to where it's still at a very low dosage.
Because they don't want me to get dependent on it.
And I agree with them because but I'm also just
terrified it's caused a lot of like PTSD due to the pain that I've experienced it's some of the worst most it's hard to even put in words how I feel and how much pain I'm in and then on top of all of this yesterday they want to do a blood test for leukemia because of the fact that the white blood cells on the platelets are low I have a lot of signs of
that as well.
So it's been a process and I'm just like, just trying to hold in as best as I can.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.
I have a, I have a question, Alexis, when I, right before I left, um, I put on your whiteboard, like what, what are your goals for the day?
And of course, you know, you, you were in so much pain and, and, you know, you can't get up and go right on your whiteboard, but I wrote on your whiteboard,
that you want to be acknowledge.
And I told your case manager this as well.
I said, you want to be acknowledged for what happened to you.
And I told your case manager, I said it would be helpful mentally for you if every person, every new doctor that came in acknowledged
what happened.
You know, that is that is key.
It's like I was so lucky when I got vaccine injured because they believed me.
They're the one who told me I got brought in by ambulance and the doctors like, oh, you had a really bad reaction to this COVID vaccine.
I didn't have to fight like you or the millions of other vaccine injured being told that it didn't happen.
And for me, that was so frustrating for you.
And so I wrote that on your whiteboard that you need to be acknowledged for
the facts of what happened to you?
Has anybody, any of the newer people come in since I've left talk to you about your vaccine injury or what happened?

[SPEAKER_04]
Uh, no, unfortunately not.
There are still the new attending doctor I have this week.
I've mentioned it two times and he, he's trying to, every time I talk about it, he kind of like,
tries to change the topic and they're really trying not to admit to the vaccine injury.
And then on top of that, I found out earlier this week with like the pain medicine doctor who came in, my dad had explained to her what happened because he asked her, he was like, do you know why she's going through all of this?
Did they tell you why?
And then we've been told by a few people now this past week that they're being told by their managers and higher ups that they're not allowed to know.
why I'm going through this.

[SPEAKER_08]
They're not allowed to know.

[SPEAKER_04]
They're not allowed to know.

[SPEAKER_08]
That's right.
And then they're if they know they're not allowed to talk about it, which is why they've been instructed that they're gonna lose their job if they blame the vaccine.

[SPEAKER_00]
I told her case manager I said in order
Because there's a lot of trust issues.
When new doctors come in, Alexis is like, whoa, if they want to change anything on her, it's like, oh my god, it's very scary.
And I said to the case manager, I said, in order to develop trust, if you want Alexis to trust you, you have to be honest and truthful.
You have to acknowledge what happened to her.
It's like telling somebody, if something really bad happened to them, saying, oh no, that didn't happen to you.
You just can't develop trust with a patient if you won't talk about what happened.
And they agreed with me.
They said, absolutely, we agree.
And so it's just surprising to me.
And I get it that these people want to keep their jobs.
And so far, I've had two really good doctors there who I know are on her team and on her side and a ton of nurses.
But it is shocking to me the coercion and the peer pressure
that these people feel to where they're told, like, you're not allowed to know what happened.
I mean, in order to take good care of you, they need to know what happened to you.
They absolutely need to know what happened to you.
So it's unfortunate.
But you know what?
Hopefully, sweetie, we're on the right move to changing that.
I'm really hopeful that we have good days ahead.
And I know they're watching you like a hawk, because they know that you have a badass team behind you that won't let them get away with anything, won't let them hurt you.
And they know that we're watching.
So it's very interesting.
And they're looking us up like crazy.
They're watching us.
And so they're watching us, and we're watching them.

[SPEAKER_04]
They tend to only listen.
We've noticed both me and my father that will request something like I was going through a lot of pain during a wound change for a few days and they weren't listening to any of my requests.
And as soon as Angela came and they answered every request possible.
So they really don't listen until she's here, which is unfortunate, but that's because they know who she is.
And to them, me and my are just
patients here who are stuck here and I'm, they know I don't know a lot about what's going on and I'm confused about a lot of things.
And as soon as Angela comes in there, I'm talking about everything that's crazy.
And I see that when I have to wait for her to come in to get a proper treatment and care.

[SPEAKER_00]
That breaks my heart, Alexis, because
you know, I love you to d nothing that I wouldn't d I was a nurse in the hospi all my patients as if they or my child or my, you kno what we're supposed to do supposed to take care of
it shouldn't have to take an advocate coming in.
I mean, I remember situations with her where the doctor's like, oh no, we're not giving her any more medication.
And she's screaming in pain while they're trying to peel off some of the scabs and clean her.
And she's screaming in so much pain.
And the doctor's like, nope, not doing any more.
And she's like, well, I'll give her one more milligram of Valium.
And I said, no, you won't.
That won't even touch her.
You need to give her
you know, two and a half and she's like, okay, but it's like, it's just shocking to me that, that it takes that it, like I said, it shouldn't have to take an advocate to take good care of somebody.

[SPEAKER_02]
It should not.
Absolutely not.
I'm flashing the give butter at the bottom of the screen.
And I think Janet's putting that in the chat.
So you can, if you feel compelled, there is a give butter.com backslash save Alexis scrolling down at the bottom of the frame.

[SPEAKER_00]
Thank you.
It's a long road, you know, not only does she have to deal with being in the hospital, but, you know, Alexis is not going to be able to go back to work right away.
There's going to be things that the hospital will not do for her, like, you know, actually treating her vaccine injury and, you know, dealing with the scarring and the stuff once she gets out.
So it's
It's really a long, long road ahead and I know every little bit helps, you know, even just small amounts or just passing it along, sharing it and saying prayers.
Like I know what keeps Alexis going through all of this is when, you know, all the little messages of love and praying and people just praying for her.
There was a day when she was so, so sick and I don't even know, I don't think you were really with it that night.

[SPEAKER_04]
I remember anything that night.

[SPEAKER_00]
I had Dr. Witcher's wife, Brooke Witcher.
She was like, I had her on FaceTime and she was just there praying over you and you were out of it.
You were asleep.
But there's just been so many people that have done that where, you know, I just played Jimmy Levy's music in the background, or I have people praying for you.
And all of these things are just so vital for, you know, I think it's what's gotten you through this.
Like, it's just the spirit of everybody lifting you up.
You know, it takes a village.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, I had my nurse mention to me last night.
He goes, I don't know how you're doing all this.
And I said, honestly, I don't either.
But we've had so many people praying for me.
And I see constantly on Instagram and TikTok and Twitter and from you, the people you've had me on the phone with all of these prayers.
I truly believe that that's what's
pulling me through and that's the only reason why I'm able to make it through this so easily.
You won't know it's it's it's weird because I'm confused on how I'm pulling through as well like this is I tell everybody I'm going through enough pain and enough things for eight people to be going through like separately I have so many things going wrong with me that it shouldn't even be happening to one person it's for someone to handle but

[SPEAKER_00]
And I believe that if they would have dealt with this, like a vaccine injury immediately, the minute you recognize somebody having a reaction to anything, whether it be penicillin or a peanut or whatever drug, everybody there, you know, people can react to things.
But the sooner you deal with something, the better the outcome is.
And it
I feel in my heart, I mean, I haven't ever seen your medical records and someday I'll be able to look at them when we get them.
But I feel like had they treated you, I mean, when I got to you, you were critical.
Your face was this big, you had barely an airway, you were so edematous, your lab for wonky, your troponin, which is cardiac markers for inflammation were like sky high.
You couldn't even sleep, we had to basically,
her wonderful father that's been by her side, Todd, and her sister, Samantha.
She was in so much pain and she had so much inflammation, she couldn't even sit down or lay back.
So there were like three days where none of us slept and we literally let her sleep standing up.
And when she'd really kind of like drift off, her dad and Samantha and I would be there to like hold her so she wouldn't fall.
And that was the only way that she slept.
And I think that, you know, had they treated you instantly and recognized, oh, this is she's having an inflammatory response.
She's having a reaction.
Let's treat her with steroids.
Let's treat her with all sorts of things.
It wouldn't have gotten to where where you are now.
So.
Yeah, I hope that they really learn.
This is a great teaching lesson.
Um, and I think you're going to be an amazing example and you're going to change history as to how doctors and nurses and hospitals treat patients and how we need to do the right thing versus the wrong thing.
And we should never be afraid of, you know, lawsuits.
We should be, be more afraid of like doing what's best for the patient.
That's where I think things got went wrong with you.
And,
And you're going to be the one that fixes that, Alexis.
I really, I believe that in my heart.
And we have your back here at VSRF.
And I also want to thank all of our donors at VSRF because I wanted to mention this last week, but I was so emotional because Alexis had, I was afraid of losing her that night.
She was so sick.
But if it wasn't for our donors at VSRF, I would not be able to do what I do.
I would not be able to,
go back and forth down there and be by her side.
I think I've gone down there, what, three times now, three or four times?
And be away from my home and still take care of other patients.
And if it wasn't for all of the caring donors that we have and all the people out there, like Alexis wouldn't, she says that I saved her life.
I really think she saved her own life, but we wouldn't be able to do that without all our donors.
And so I wanted to take this opportunity to thank
all of you, because you really, it's everybody here that has helped save Alexis's life.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
Thank you very much to everyone.

[SPEAKER_02]
Alexis, I'm pulling for you to be home for the holidays, sending that energy out there for you.
That would be a wonderful gift.
So hopefully you will continue to improve and it's so good to see you at least not feel as much pain as you were last time we saw you.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, the healing process has gone iffy.
I'm also hoping I can be in home for the holidays or go back home for the holidays.
My head is what's having the problem healing, but my neck now is from about here to here is about normal skin again, all fully healed up.
There's still little bits of scarring, but it's fully healed up.
And last week,
this whole part of my neck here was completely open, fully open muscle and tissue and open skin and literally within a week from
here to here and healed up completely and the back of my neck is basically fully healed.
There's just one little piece that's open.
So my neck is doing great.
But the problem is my head because the it's about that big that I have no skin.
And I got told
Two days ago that I will not ever be able to grow hair back again in those areas there.
I have a small patch of hair up at the top but everywhere else around my head this whole thing is still open and once it heals unfortunately I won't be able to grow hair anymore and that one hurt me bad but my main thing is at least
As long as I can get my skin back and we can get this closed up, I can find some wigs and I'll just experiment with my hair.
I've been trying to stay positive about it.
And every time I talk to someone about it, I'm like, well, maybe I can try new colors and have some fun with my hair.
So I'm just trying to stay, think of the positive things about it.
That's really what I try and do the most is try and think of the positive outcomes instead of dwelling on the
the hurtful heart of all this.

[SPEAKER_00]
You're so beautiful, Alexis.
I don't even know if anybody really notices your hair.
We just see your beautiful face and your sweet, sweet heart that you have.
And I know that you're going to move mountains.
And so sometimes in really bad tragedies in life, like down the road, it can end up being some of the best things that happen to you because you can help save other people.
You can make change.
It's kind of like why I went into nursing, you know, I had a fatal car accident and I, and I, I turned it into like wanting to give care back to other people and same thing with my vaccine injury.
So I have no doubt that maybe down the road, um, this horrific tragedy, you'll look back and be like, gosh, you know, this, and I, I've heard you say it too.
I think, you know, you've said like, this is going to give me meaning in my life.
I have something to do now where I can actually impact other people.
And you've already done that.
I mean, you've already accomplished that just by being public and sharing what happened to you.
So I have so much love and respect for you.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thank you.
That's my goal throughout all of this is to be able to help people like me and prevent
anything like this from happening.
I know I can't stop everything and I it's not just me single handedly who can end all vaccine injuries, but I'm going to try and fight and do my best to be there and help people who have experienced stuff like me and hopefully stop it from happening.
And I've had a lot more hope since the election the other night, realizing
I won't be censored anymore and I can actually speak about things and I'll be able to possibly... You guys were talking about...
how they're gonna handle the Bobby Kennedy thing and hopefully he really gets a good foot in there so that I can have a voice.
But ever since the election that night, I literally started, me and Angela were on the phone that night and I said I have way more hope than I did before into helping people and I know this will help change a lot of things and I can finally have my voice
heard and there's a young man we know named Cody who fights and he's going through some of the worst things I've ever heard.
He's internally hurt and he even said the other night that he thinks he has more hope to speak out and help people as well due to this election because
The censoring issue that's been going on has been insane, getting my posts taken down, getting told that I can't speak about things, getting everything blocked from Instagram, getting the TikTok deleted.
I feel like a lot of that will be prevented now, hopefully.
Yeah.
But I have a bigger voice now that we have someone proper in office instead of someone who's trying to hide what's happening in the pharmaceutical industry.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.
One of my girlfriends called me the other night and she said, Angela and my girlfriend when she was younger had been brutally raped.
then there was the people said, oh no, it didn't hap I kind of equate that to w must be feeling like becaus me, you know, when peopl said, oh no, he didn't do says it must feel like t injured.
I mean, I know t but this is coming from s
And she said, it felt so bad for me.
And she had so much empathy for us because she said, I can't imagine when people just deny something horrible that happened.
And speaking of Cody's law, I please keep on praying for him.
I know we put this on our show a couple of weeks ago, but there is something

[SPEAKER_02]
It's on the screen now.
I've got it right now.
It's Cody's in defense of the vaccine-injured Cody's law.
And if you're in Florida, I believe you can sign this petition.
And Janet will put that in the link in the chat.
Janet will put the link in the chat.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yes, please share this far and wide all over, you know, your Facebook, X and everybody's sign.
sign this because this is our only way moving forward.

[SPEAKER_08]
What is the petition for?

[SPEAKER_00]
I'll actually bring on Heather.
We've actually had Cody and Heather on our show before, but I actually want to bring them on to talk about it.
So maybe if they're able to next week, we could send just five minutes and have them go through it with us and tell us what it's about.
Because I don't want to not do the justice that it deserves to go through this and explain it.
Maybe we'll bring them on next week for a few minutes and have them go through this.

[SPEAKER_08]
That'd be great.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
The website explains a lot more in detail, but I think it is a good idea to bring them on, but it is a petition in Florida to protect the vaccine injured.

[SPEAKER_00]
And definitely go on X because, um, FLCCC did a beautiful, I know we didn't have enough time to play it because I think it's eight minutes long, but FLCCC did a beautiful job explaining it.
And if you go on to Heather Hudson, um,
on X, it's kind of at the top of her of her handle.
And like I said, FLCCC did this great video and just please share it as much as you can.
And we will bring them on if they are able to.
And please pray for Cody.
He was in the emergency room.
Actually, the night that
Um, Trump got, uh, you know, the night that we had the election, um, he was fighting for his life in the ER and he's still fighting for his life.
And, um, it just never ends.
So please pray for him.
He's just my sweetie.
He calls me Yanti.
He's just a beautiful, beautiful young man.
And his mom is a warrior man.
That woman, she is incredible.
She, um, she's fighting so hard for all the vaccine injured, so knowledgeable and, and she's making change as well.
so and doing a lot of research for us.
So keep them in your thoughts and prayers.

[SPEAKER_02]
Here's what it says just so I can read it off the website.
The deficit injured who do not have access to government disability and medical programs are left without urgently needed medical care as they either no longer have medical insurance and or cannot afford the unexpected or new burdens of expensive medical treatments but are not yet determined disabled by government programs.
even if their doctor determines them disabled.
As such, the disabled with urgent medical needs fall between the cracks in their own government for disabled and medically needed citizens under the age of 65 without minor children.
There are no programs to expedite state medical and disability programs for those with deficit injury and who are in urgent need of medical coverage and the life-saving or life-changing medical care it affords them.

[SPEAKER_00]
I have friends, Livio, who are on the verge of losing their house.
I mean, there's one of our nurse warrior, Michelle.
She's got to pay for her IVIG out of pocket.
Most of the vaccine injured that don't have spouses are partners that are helping them.
I mean, they are losing their homes.
We had a vaccine injured who was moving into his car.
And these are working class people that
contributed to society and had health insurance and had retirement savings and benefits.
The last four years, they've gone through all of their money just paying for treatments.
And this should not be their responsibility.
The government told them to take this.
They rolled up their sleeve.
They did it.
They got injured and their left abandoned and losing their house, losing their insurance, losing their livelihoods, losing their careers.
It's not fair.
And so
You know, Cody's another brave one who's gonna be making change and he is making change.
And as you know, we've had him on the show.
He's such a sweetheart.
But we will, we're not going anywhere.
We're gonna keep on fighting and it's a new time for us.
So, it's pretty exciting.

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, Alexis, thank you so much for your bravery and for coming on and continuing to speak out because just your voice is gonna help others.
going forward, no doubt.
So we really are pulling for you and really appreciate you taking the time to join us this evening.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, I appreciate you guys having me come on.
It's been a little while since I've done any interviews or been able to speak on any recent updates due to what's happening and I'm happy that I can be here to just give a little bit of an update because it's been a rough past few weeks and I'm not really able to go on my phone too much and post updates on there because everything keeps getting taken down.
So at least I can speak about it somewhere.

[SPEAKER_02]
Wonderful.
We love having you on and I'm sure our audience who is always asking for you and about you also is happy to see you.
So thank you.

[SPEAKER_04]
Of course.

[SPEAKER_00]
I love you so much, sweetheart.
I love you.

[SPEAKER_04]
I love you.
I love you, babe.
I love you so much.

[SPEAKER_02]
Bye, Alexis.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thank you for having me on.
I'll probably, hopefully I can talk to you guys soon and we'll do a few more updates.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, definitely.
Definitely.
Have a good night.

[SPEAKER_00]
Bless you honey.
Give Todd a big hug.
I will love you.
Bye.

[SPEAKER_02]
Uh, what a tragic story, but she is so resilient and seems to be at least really getting better is what I'm seeing from the last time where she was getting better and then had a,
Another bad episode of the crash and now she's hopefully over the worst of it.

[SPEAKER_00]
I hope so.
I hope so.
She's she's a fighter.
She's feisty and strong.
So she's she's going to pull through.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yes.
Yes, she is.
There's no doubt that she's going to.
pull through this and you mentioned the support that we've been getting from our donors and I wanted to again acknowledge and thank everyone who does donate to VSRF and I also wanted to acknowledge our donor spotlight is back tonight.
This tonight's spotlight is from Jay in California.
She says, I pray for justice for all those injured and strength to all who are fighting to bring out the truth
It can't happen soon enough.
I appreciate the education I've received from all of you at VSRF and I will continue to support your good work.
Thank you, Jay, for your heartfelt support and commitment to truth and justice.
And as you all know, we operate, we're a 501c3 and we operate with your donations and your support.
So
If you believe in what we do, we humbly ask for your support today.
Together we can make a real difference and thank you for standing with us for considering a donation to help us continue our vital work.
Actually, I'm going to make an announcement tonight because we have an event coming up for our
Our fundraiser that's coming up in December, we're excited to invite you to a very special evening on Thursday, December 5th at 7 p.m. Eastern Time.
This is our year-end fundraiser and it promises to be a night filled with laughter, music, and community as we celebrate the progress we've made together.
And in the spirit of fun and fundraising, we're bringing back an iconic game show.
Although we're calling it misinformation squares inspired by the classic Hollywood squares, this special edition will have your favorite misinformation super spreaders competing to see who's the ultimate source of misinformation on COVID and those safe and ineffective injectables.
This year's lineup of contestants is sure to keep you entertained and informed and get ready to watch as Dr. Paul Merrick brings his critical care expertise and fearless pursuit of the truth.
Dr. Jessica Rose uses her data-driven insights to challenge the narrative.
Dr. Mary Talley-Boden stands up for patient rights and medical freedom.
Raphael Lataster questions the status quo with his unique research perspective.
Dr. Colleen Huber champions alternative health solutions and more surprise guests to be announced soon.
and it wouldn't be a celebration without some amazing music.
We'll have live performances by Tennessee Jet and other musical acts throughout the night.
This event is not just about entertainment, it's about raising the funds we need to continue our work in the coming year.
Your support has been invaluable and with your help we'll be able to amplify our mission
reach even more people in 2025 so mark your calendars for December 5th at 7 p.m. invite friends family and everyone you know for a night of fun music and meaningful contribution contributions join us for misinformation squares and help make a difference as we head into the new year together and Steve I believe you're gonna be the the game show host that night
And we're going to have a couple of contestants.

[SPEAKER_08]
Thanks for letting me know.

[SPEAKER_00]
We tell you on the spot.

[SPEAKER_08]
Now you know.

[SPEAKER_00]
Livia, I just want to clarify something really quickly.
Cody's Law, actually anybody in any state anywhere in the world can sign this.

[SPEAKER_05]
Oh, great.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.
Please share it with everybody in every state, every country.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, thank you for clarifying that because at first I announced anywhere, then I thought I heard that only Florida, but it's actually anywhere.
So that's a real positive thing.
So Janet will put that in the chat again.

[SPEAKER_00]
Hey Steve, the problem with you is you're so busy that we have to tell you things live on the show.
So that's when we let you know what's going on, what your calendar looks like.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, we'll have to get you a nice tie, a 70s tie for hosting Misinformation Squares.
I also want to announce next week, we are going down the rabbit hole part two.
David Martin is going to return to VSRF Live to continue the conversation we had a couple of months ago, I think.
So he agreed to come back last time, and now it's official we're having him back next week, Dr. David Martin.
That should be really good conversation following Trump's election.
I'm sure he's going to have a lot of insight and prognostications as to what's going to happen.
2025 and beyond.

[SPEAKER_08]
Absolutely.

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, fantastic show tonight.
It was really great to finally have Shannon Joy on.
And if you missed it, she had to run after a half hour to a volleyball game for her daughter, but she promised to come back.
So if you missed it, watch it again, go back and watch the first half hour.
It's it's fantastic conversation with Steve.
And on that note, we thank you for being here tonight.
Nurse Angela, thank you for being here.
And Alexis, thank you for bringing Alexis tonight.
She's just such a powerful soul going through what she's going through.
And I know she's gonna pull through.
And Steve, always a pleasure seeing you.

[SPEAKER_08]
Likewise, Olivia.

[SPEAKER_02]
And I'm gonna wrap up tonight.
You wrote a substack about fluoride, didn't you?
From what I recall.
Not that long ago.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, you know, 600 communities in the US, over 600 have independently decided to drop fluoride.
They wouldn't have done that if the science is so clear that it's beneficial.
And there was a federal court decision
on fluoride saying that the harms outweighed the benefits.
And the court went through a lot of the evidence, a lot of the evidence from both sides before making that decision that is basically the harms outweigh the risks.
So you have a court deciding on this as well.
So if the science is so crystal clear,
then how come none of the lawyers on the other side who were advocating for fluoride was able to convince a judge of this?
And, you know, there are only 25 countries in the entire world that mandate the use of or direct the use of fluoride to drinking water.
25 countries.
That is a drop in the bucket, so to speak.
And so most countries are doing the right thing, which is not to add fluoride to their drinking water at all.
And I hope that Bobby is successful in raising visibility on this because
Florida is just a just a complete disaster It's one of the you know, the CDC touts is one of their best accomplishments ever and it's actually the one of their worst and They will not entertain any kind of evidence that they were wrong about it No, they won't and you can find Steve's subs on Steve's sub stack.

[SPEAKER_02]
You can find his article on the fluoride action network and

[SPEAKER_00]
At this point, whatever the CDC tells me, I feel like we do the opposite.
If they tell us something is really, really good for us and we need it, I used to trust and believe in them.
Now, anything that they tell me is good for me.
I'll stay clear of it until we have people like Steve and other researchers tell us the truth.

[SPEAKER_02]
No doubt.
Well, thank you again both.
I'm going to close out with Bobby talking to Tucker Carlson about the detrimental effects of fluoride.
So see you all next week for Dr. David Martin.
Have a great rest of your evening and a great weekend.
And thank you for being with us.
Good night.

[SPEAKER_00]
Thank you.
Good night.

[SPEAKER_05]
This is a tweet from you.
I'm noticing this.
23.5 million views.
Let me just read your tweet back to you.
On January 20th, the Trump White House will advise all US water systems to remove fluoride from public water, period.
Fluoride is an industrial waste associated with arthritis, bone fractures, bone cancer, IQ loss, neurodevelopmental disorders, and thyroid disease.
President Donald Trump and First Lady Melania Trump want to make America healthy again.

[SPEAKER_07]
i mean that just cause well twenty three point five million people thought it was pretty great the news media hated it it's interesting because there was a case that was uh... handed down in october fourth on fluoride and it was an obama appointed judge federal judge
And it was brought to challenge EPA for never having done safety studies.
You know, fluoride was put in the water.
No way!
Fluoride was put in the water in the 1940s.
and it was put in the water to stop tooth decay.
But now it's recognized that most of our mouth washes and toothpaste have fluoride in them and you don't need fluoride in the water and it's a very inefficient way of preventing tooth decay because you're getting it in people's blood and that's how it's exposing the teeth.
And as it turns out, fluoride is very, very dangerous.
It causes IQ loss.
We know they haven't done a lot of studies that they should have done, but there are extensive studies that show if you put fluoride in water at double the rate that EPA now allows, that is in all of our water systems, they use it in this country, that it causes dramatic IQ loss in children and particularly in unborn fetuses.
It also causes bone cancer and we had an explosion of bone cancer beginning in the 1940s.
It causes arthritis and it causes the deterioration of bones, of bone fractures and it causes thyroid injuries.
It also calcifies the pineal gland of the human brain.
which is the part of our brain that actually creates our spiritual feelings.
And so it's something that
that you wouldn't want in a water supply.
And it's a very easy, it's going to have to be taken out anyway because of this court case, but the EPA will drag its feet and take 10 years or 15 years to do it.

[SPEAKER_05]
This is so shocking to me because, you know, being against Florida in the water was the single most reliable marker of mental illness, according to the U.S. media, for like 60 years.

[SPEAKER_07]
Well, you know, it was, it was the,
It was the subject of a conspiracy theory being put in our water by communists in order to sap the figure from the American people.
And as it turns out, you know, it actually, the
The health injuries that were predicted for it were not exactly, but there are profound health injuries and it's just insane to have it in our water.
It's absolutely insane.
So why would EPA fight the removal of it?
Well, CDC says it's one of the 10 greatest health introductions of any or inventions
of any in the 20th century.
And so they've stuck their neck, it's like everything else that they do, they stick their neck out on something, they promote it to the American public, and then they don't wanna dial it back.
They do not wanna admit that they made a mistake.
And they do this with a lot of products.
Once they approve them, they're gonna fight to keep them there.
But, you know, it's one of the easiest thing you can do to start restoring American health is just get the floor out of the water.
You're going to have a higher IQ children.
You're going to have less bone cancer.

[SPEAKER_06]
This is crazy.
