[SPEAKER_02]
Redirecting to livestream now.

[SPEAKER_01]
I'm just starting it over.

[SPEAKER_02]
Still very choppy.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, and I've got good bandwidth where I'm at.

[SPEAKER_02]
On the first day of COVID, Lord Fauci gave to me a safe and effective vaccine.
On the second day of COVID, Lord Fauci gave to me.
Why does it keep replaying?
Two booster shots and it's safe and effective.

[SPEAKER_04]
Maybe we can just say that you'll put the link in the chat and people should watch it because it's really funny.

[SPEAKER_02]
It's like he's on the phone with Livio.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, because if that's the same connection we have when Steve and I are on it, it's a problem.

[SPEAKER_02]
It's streaming to X, but not for both.
Okay, it's screaming to rumble.

[SPEAKER_04]
Is it choppy like that on rumble?
Oh boy.

[SPEAKER_01]
Lisa, we're going to go straight to you in five, four, three, two, one.

[SPEAKER_04]
Good evening, everyone, and welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm Lisa Leahy filling in for Livio Sanchez tonight.
It's great to be here with you again.
We have an incredible show planned tonight with some crucial information that you won't want to miss.
Tonight, we'll be diving into the pressing topic of DNA contamination in the mRNA vaccines and the potential risks of shedding.
Steve sat down with Dr. Christina Parks earlier this week to discuss these important issues.
But before we get to that pre-record, let's bring on someone you all know and admire.
It's my pleasure to introduce the founder of VSRF, a tireless advocate for vaccine safety and truth, Steve Kirsch.
Waiting for Steve.
Hey.

[SPEAKER_00]
Coming.
I'm here.
Hi.
Can you hear me?
Oh, they're right.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
OK. Good to see you.
So you've been working hard, as usual?

[SPEAKER_00]
But getting sleep, getting sleep, I hope, because now my aura ring doesn't think so fully recovered.

[SPEAKER_04]
Steve is crucial.
Sleep is crucial for Steve.
Yeah.
You want to tell us anything about what you've been focusing on primarily?

[SPEAKER_00]
I've been doing a lot of work on people with autism and parents recognizing it.
Ninety percent of the parents recognize it within a week after being vaccinated.
And it's so tragic because there's no way you can explain that.
I mean, there are autism one conferences where they asked everybody in the room the question about the proximity of the vaccine to the to onset of symptoms and everybody almost everybody raises their hands.
I was talking to Polly Tommy, who is the producer of the Vaxxed series, and she said she's interviewed 5,000 parents of autistic kids, and in only two cases did it not happen within a week after the vaccine.

[SPEAKER_04]
Stunning.
Yeah, I was telling you earlier MedPage Today came out with an article I think this morning, talking about how UnitedHealthcare, the same company, of course, whose CEO was shot, is restricting, pulling back on providing
Covering you know coverage for autistic children and you know it was sort of an investigative piece and then the reporter uncovered that.
There are so many kids with autism and it's such an expensive proposition now that the insurance companies are like yeah.
too pricey, we can't.
We can't.
We can't.

[SPEAKER_00]
You know, they should be preventing it by just warning people not to get to vaccinate their kids.
But instead, they're letting the kids be vaccinated and then denying their claims.
So very sad.
I guess that's the way it works.

[SPEAKER_04]
So sad.
All right.
Well, before we jump to the interview, I want to remind everyone how much we rely solely on your support to keep these critical conversations going.
VSRF is completely funded by donors like you.
So if you find value in our work, please consider making a donation.
Every contribution helps us reach more people, uncover more truths, and bring experts like Dr. Christina Parks to the forefront.
You can donate by clicking the link provided in the chat or visiting vsrf.org forward slash donate.
Thank you so much for your generosity.
It truly makes a difference.
We'll be playing the interview for you shortly but before we dive in one more thing I want to remind you to stay engaged with us tonight throughout the show.
We are live in the chat.
Drop your thoughts and questions there and although we do not have Dr.
Parks with us here live after the interview,
We'll do our best to address your questions later in the program.
So, you know, especially if it's something that you want to address to Steve will definitely take your questions.
So without further ado, we will hear from Dr. Christina Parks.
I want to first just do a quick bio intro.
She is a molecular biologist with a PhD in cellular and molecular biology from the University of Michigan.
Her graduate research focused on cytokine signaling, the chemical communication network critical to immune system function.
She also earned a double major in biochemistry and molecular biology from the University of Wisconsin-Eau Claire.
in 1992.
Dr.
Parks brings extensive expertise in inflammation, gene expression, and immune responses.
Her work provides valuable insights into how vaccines and other substances influence the immune system.
With years of experience studying the biochemistry of pharmaceuticals and natural compounds, she focuses on understanding their effects on gene expression and essential biochemical pathways.
Her mission is to restore balance in the body's signaling systems, activating natural detoxification and healing processes to promote optimal health and wellbeing.
And for more information on her research and protocols, visit her website at vita.org.
And so it's vi-ta.org.
All right, let's go listen to this incredible interview.

[SPEAKER_00]
Okay, I'm here with Christina Parks, Dr. Christina Parks, and she's been looking into plasmid DNA contamination in the safe and effective vaccines, the safe and effective COVID vaccines.
And she's been talking to a lot of people about what's going on.
And so, uh, uh, um, this is a prerecord.
So I'm assuming that the, that her bio has already been read and, and so forth.
So we know who she is.
Um, so I'm just gonna, gonna just jump right into it, uh, which is, should we be worried and how much should we be worried?

[SPEAKER_03]
We should be worried and we should be really, really worried.
Some people have been like, oh, you're just trying to be an alarmist to like sell something or whatever.
And I think people who know me know I am not an alarmist and this is the time to be alarmed.

[SPEAKER_00]
And so what should we be alarmed about?
And like, what's the, what's the sort of the worst that could happen here?
And what's the best that could happen?
Like, you know, give me bounded, give me the worst case, best case.
If you were to inform our listeners, how bad could it be and what does bad actually mean?

[SPEAKER_03]
I'm going to take the best case first.
The best case is this theoretical concern, which seems to be an actual concern, and that's what Kevin McKernan's work is showing, that it is either not a concern or it is so only isolated to just one or two people or something that it's not happening widely.
Worst case scenario, this is happening widely.
There is a self-replicating infectious agent that is driving cancer, that is colonizing the nose, throat, and guts of everybody, vaccinated or unvaccinated, producing the spike protein, which is getting into your cells, into the bacterial cells, into your cells, mutating your cells, driving cancer, spreading throughout your body, causing inflammation,
And also that it's in bacteria, so it's making any kind of bacterial infection.
Extremely, extremely inflammatory.
So now we may have, like, pneumonia on steroids.
So infectious cancer is the worst case scenario.

[SPEAKER_00]
And there's basically nothing you can do about it other than isolate yourself from all humanity.
It's not just like isolating yourself from vaccinated people.
You would basically have to like totally isolate yourself from other human beings.

[SPEAKER_03]
There is absolutely something you can do about it.
That's why I speak out.
I'm not here to, but yeah, isolating yourself from other humans is not really going to be the right approach.
I mean, obviously, if you have somebody that is very sensitive, isolating them to some degree may be beneficial, especially when stuff is going around.
But in the end, most of us,
have to really be proactive about our health and we can discuss some ways to do that.
So I don't know if you want to discuss what is actually going on, why this is inherent to the technology, the difference between Moderna and Pfizer.
So if you want to discuss the science first about that or what people can do, you know, we can.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, let's get right to the chase.
What can people do to protect themselves or to minimize the risk?

[SPEAKER_03]
So, I want to highlight that this is the work of Dr Robin Rose, who I think is probably a world leader in spike.
detox and getting the spike out of your body is actually pretty complicated.
On my website, which is vita.org, V-I-TA.org, I do have a video that kind of goes through it step by step because it is kind of complicated.
But for the average person, I'm going to talk about some things that work and some things that we need to have the option to work.
First of all, we've got to bind spike protein in the gut.
A lot of people have subclinical gut infections with COVID.
Other people may have these bacteria that have plasmus for the spike protein.
In any case, we've got to bind the spike protein in the gut.
And I think one of the best binders is Fucoidin, which is from Bladderac.
It's a sulfated polysaccharide.
I don't need to get all into that.
but it's healthy, it feeds your gut microbiome, it heals the gut.
And again, this is the work of Dr. Robin Rose.
It binds the virus and the spike protein very, very tightly.
And so it can prevent it from getting into the rest of your body or causing problems in the gut.
So your gut health, dealing with the spucoidin, some other things there are different.

[SPEAKER_00]
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, before you move on, where do I get that?
Can I buy it on Amazon?

[SPEAKER_03]
You can.
I cannot recommend a product on Amazon.
I do recommend a couple of things in my spike detox protocol, which is just different elements.
I don't like I'm not a doctor, so I don't say do this, do that.
I'm just saying here are some things that you want to consider.
So I, you know, you know, just like you, I would go on Amazon and I'd have to choose.
So you might want to get with your practitioner and get with a reputable supplement brand to get food quoted.
It should be pretty simple to isolate it from from seaweed.
And some people will want to do the seaweed themselves.
It's found in brown seaweed.
So if you want to do the whole thing, but do, you know, you need to be with a medical practitioner if you're going to kind of do something more than just a little bit for a little while.
But so I also want to say that again, this is the work of Dr. Robin Rose.
There are these polyphenols that are, are really good for dealing with spike injury.
Because they bind the spike protein, many of them reduce mass cell activation, and they prevent the spike protein from going into other cells.
And many of them are also senolytics.
They induce autophagy and the death of these cells that are producing the spike protein.
So, these are things some of you, you've probably heard of Steve like, but 1 of the best is actually green tea extract which binds the spike protein really tightly.
So, others are like, but I'm trying to think of all of them, but there are several that are really, really good.
And she, she uses that as the base of her detox protocol, but many herbs are also.
really high in these polyphenols that bind the spike protein and also can induce autophagy to tell the cells that have the spike in there to die.
So again, if you actually are injured and you're suffering, you need a really step-by-step protocol.
But if you're an average person who's not really sure if you have this in your gut, doing something that has fucoidin, taking herbs that have these polyphenols in there, even drinking green tea every day or rinsing your sinuses with it, it 99% kills the virus in your sinuses if you just rinse it with green tea with a little bit of saline in there.
So, this can be prophylactic.
The other thing that I would say is we absolutely need global access to ivermectin and hydroxychloroquine.
So, many of us got those from a healthcare practitioner during COVID, and I just finished using the rest of my ivermectin and some hydroxychloroquine too.
And I want to share why hydroxychloroquine can be so powerful.
So, what is going around is a pneumonia that's caused by a bacteria, and many practitioners think these bacteria is a mycoplasma.
And this bacteria is very small, and it lacks a cell wall, which means it can actually hide in your cells.
So, if you've ever had, like, a bacterial infection, and you took antibiotics, and then it came back, and you're like, didn't I just take care of this?
Bacteria can actually hide in yourselves and people don't realize that the SARS-CoV-2 virus can actually hide in yourselves.
And one of the things that's really great about hydroxychloroquine is it acidifies the cellular organelles where they try to hide.
and it causes them to destroy both viruses and bacteria.
So, one of the reasons why the Zelenco protocol, which I believe had either doxycycline in it and hydroxychloroquine, is the two of them together, hydroxychloroquine allows those antibiotics, but also certain other polyphenols to get into the cell and kill the bacteria and kill the virus.
So, I believe we really need universal access to hydroxychloroquine and ivermectin.
Both of those medications also prevent transmission of the actual virus.
Now, if you have this plasmid, it may not prevent transmission of that, but it could actually help to fight the bacteria because both ivermectin and hydroxychloroquine are broadly antibacterial as well as broadly antiviral.
So, because of the potential of this to get out of control, and of course, ivermectin also binds the spike protein.
So, I think it's really important to have access and throw whatever we need at this to make sure that it's not affecting you.

[SPEAKER_00]
So, are you suggesting that people do this protocol?
proactively and not reactively.
And so you're doing it to prevent being infected rather than doing it after the fact.

[SPEAKER_03]
Okay, so I want to differentiate prophylactically.
Yeah, prophylactically, I want to differentiate between so SARS-CoV-2 is still going around.
And I think we do need to do that proactively.
We need to, if you are at high risk, you should probably be on a very low dose.
And it's like once a week you would take an ivermectin, I mean, a hydroxychloroquine tablet, or maybe twice a week, take an ivermectin tablet.
So if you are at a high risk, and if you're not at high risk, I think everyone should be taking something that contains some fucoidin in it, because it's actually really nourishing and healing to your gut, as well as binding viruses, cancer cells, all kinds of stuff.
So I think you should be doing that, something like that prophylactically, as well as something like drinking green tea or rinsing your sinuses with green tea, finding something, maybe taking some quercetin.
So some of these things where you are,
consistently doing something that's going to bind and activate any spike protein and be antiviral.
Now, the plasmids are a little more problematic because they're not a virus.
And so we're not really sure how to get rid of them except for to kill the bacteria they're in.
But it's even more problematic than that, Steve, because the Pfizer vaccine
the plasmids in them were gene therapy, and they were designed to replicate inside human cells.
So let me take a step back and say something.
Like Anthony Fauci, I have no love for the man.
I'll just say that.

[SPEAKER_00]
But he- No, that was politically correct.

[SPEAKER_03]
Is very smart.
And my understanding, which could be wrong, is that he had stock in Moderna.
And he made sure a lot of the problems that are present in the Pfizer vaccine are not present in the Moderna.
So the Moderna vaccine, if it has bacterial contamination with these plasmids, I mean, plasmid contamination, they only replicate in bacteria.
So you could have bacteria in your gut that had those plasmids, but they only replicate inside bacteria.
And that is not going to be as problematic.
The Pfizer vaccine, they got their plasmids from their gene therapy department.
So those plasmids actually replicate, copy themselves in human cells, and can actually express in human cells.
They're designed that way.
So here's what could potentially happen.
These plasmids, which were in the vaccine, can get inside the bacteria of those that were vaccinated and start replicating.
And then the bacteria divide.
And then the people who are vaccinated spread their bacteria to everyone, vaccinated or unvaccinated.
And those bacteria could potentially have these plasmids that code for and produce the spike protein.
Now, once he's a bacteria in your gut, they can actually share those plasmids with your cells.
And this is apparently something like this may have happened with this gentleman.
That got cancer, so this is the work of Kevin McKernan and what happened was there's a gentleman who was 4 times vaccinated.
and he got a gut cancer.
He went in, they biopsied it.
He died 30 days later of this turbo cancer.
They biopsied it again.
Kevin McKernan got that material and he sequenced the material from the cells and he found that the cells contained two, it looks like about two plasmids or one containing both genes, containing the N-capsid reason, which is part of the virus and the spike protein.
So these plasmids coded for the spike protein.
he found that those plasmids were being copied or replicated in the side of the cells and the cells contain 100 plasmids coding for the spike protein.
This is essentially kind of like the same thing as the virus.
It's a self-replicating infectious agent that produces the spike protein.
And so it was found in these cancerous cells of this turbo-cancer, suggesting that these plasmids
which were making the spike protein, were likely driving cancer.
Now, these DNA plasmids, remember this was a whole argument about integration, can actually integrate into your DNA.
And actually, these plasmids from the Pfizer vaccine contain the SV40 promoter, the SV40 origin of replication, the SV40 enhancer, and SV40 elements that help it to produce the mRNA.
And we know that the SV40 promoter targets it to human nucleus and drives the replication and the expression in human cells.
So this was designed to express at very high levels in mammalian cells.
So this means you could get the plasmid coming in through a bacteria and then it can move to your cells where it drives, especially gut cancers, would be the first that we would see.
But we know that once the body's making spike protein, the cells actually put it in little vesicles and ship it all over the body where it ends up in the brain and everywhere else.

[SPEAKER_00]
So is there any proof of DNA integration

[SPEAKER_03]
Yes, and Kevin mccurn and he's also that is unpublished observation in humans.

[SPEAKER_00]
In humans.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yes, from that, I believe from that in vivo.
From that tissue, I believe they have integration events that they are now Sanger syncyclics.
So that is unpublished data.
I believe there is also other data.
I don't know if it's actually in humans showing integration, but this is, I believe, from that tumor cell.
So I would have to look up whether there is other concrete in actual like a living human being, not cells that we took out of them or something.
I would think that there's probably some proof of integration and blood cells, but I would have to look up those papers.
But Kevin says they are seeing integrate.
They have shown integration events from this tissue.

[SPEAKER_00]
So, so that's very bad.
It's right.

[SPEAKER_03]
It is because that's going to drive the mutations that can drive the cancer.
There's also evidence that somewhere along the line, whether it's the spike protein itself, is in some way inactivating our major tumor suppressor, P53.
It's very damaging to the mitochondria, and P53, which suppresses tumor formation,
And it's called the guardian of a genome, and the P53 also prevents yourselves from mutating.
So when you inactivate or compromise the mitochondria and or P53, you are driving mutations that are going to drive metastasis of cancer.
So metastasis of a cancer is when it stops just being a tumor, a contained tumor, and it spreads all over the body.
So, and integration events are going to drive mutations.
Many times integration events, the SV40 is a very powerful promoter.
If that inserts upstream of a growth factor, such as insulin-like growth factor or epidermal growth factor, if it inserts upstream of a growth factor, that's going to drive cancer because it's going to start secreting all of these different growth factors that are going to make the cancer cells grow.

[SPEAKER_00]
Okay, so this is all due
to the safe and effective vaccine that the medical community has been promoting.

[SPEAKER_03]
What's worse, Steve, yes.
What's worse is that all of this could be predicted.
Those of us who understand this technology were shouting about these potential problems from the beginning.
Now, I didn't want to elaborate on every potential problem because there were one, so many, but two, there was really no proof it was actually happening.
But remember, they said there's no integration because there's no DNA.
It's all RNA.
Did they even check for the DNA?
Apparently not.

[SPEAKER_00]
Okay.
So we had, you know, the, so the, the COVID or sorry, the SARS-CoV-2 virus was bad enough, right?
That was a, but it's, um, but that was like on a scale of badness.
Right.
The SARS-CoV-2 was created by Tony Fauci, essentially.
Would you agree with that?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, I would say they did the funding.
Yeah, yeah, that he allowed the funding and he very well knew about it.
He knew about the collaboration between Richard Barrick.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, so we could, we could, we could fairly call him the father of SARS-CoV-2 that if it weren't for Tony Fauci, none of this would have happened.

[SPEAKER_03]
And what's worse is he knows this technology, so he should have known better and he made sure that these problems didn't some of these problems didn't exist in the Moderna.
So the technology is bad enough and remember they're trying to make flu vaccines with this animal vaccines with the this different technology.
So he knew what.
The problems were and tried to limit them in the Moderna vaccine, but didn't force the government to check the other vaccines and see if they were a problem.
And he also knows that this is extremely inflammatory technology that there were just so there's so many problems, even with the Moderna.
Vaccine so he knew all of these things.
And acted like.
Safe and effective, safe and effective.
Acted like he knew that it didn't prevent transmission.
He knew it didn't prevent transmission from day one.

[SPEAKER_00]
So Tony Fauci, I mean, the guy is basically, would it be fair to say that he single-handedly, with help, but he's basically spearheaded the killing of single-handedly, but over 20 million people in the world
Or more and that's just just from the covid, you know the 20 millions just from the covid vaccine alone, but this guy By not sharing the truth.

[SPEAKER_03]
I would say that he did that because he knew the truth
So by not sharing the truth, I would say he did that, but he's not the only one who do you know what I mean?

[SPEAKER_00]
Like no, no, but but the point is that he enabled it that he's and he actually knew right he he's the he's the the drive while he's the enabler or driver or what have you mean, right?
What like he deserves the credit for for killing tens of millions of people perhaps the
the the greatest mass murderer of all time and yet he is being given these awards and when he speaks people line up with his book to get them autographed and they're they're in
They believe that he saved tens of millions of lives when the reality is just the opposite.
Is that, am I mischaracterizing it or would you agree with that?

[SPEAKER_03]
I mean, I absolutely agree because there are some people like president Trump that is still saying that his vaccine saved millions of lives.
And I'm very skeptical of that, that he even believes that at this point, did someone not sit him down and be like, look,
But at the same time, he's not a molecular biologist, right?
So I don't hold him to the same standard that I hold Tony Fauci to and Francis Collins.
Francis Collins studied gene therapy.
That's what he did in his labs.
They absolutely are some of the most well-versed people in gene therapy in the world.
And they know the drawbacks.
They knew the dangers.
And they promulgated this on us anyway.

[SPEAKER_00]
So what is it going to take to wake people up out of their slumber that what they've been told is, oh, these vaccines are safe and effective.
These vaccines have saved millions of lives.
These vaccines are the greatest accomplishment of medicine in the history of medicine.
The reality seems to be exactly the opposite.
Right?
It's being put up on a pedestal.
It's like, you know, up here.
It should be as though this is the worst event.
It's the worst disaster in human history.

[SPEAKER_03]
It is.
Yes.
I mean, I don't know if it's the worst disaster in human history, but it's right up there because people think it's over.
And it's just beginning if we have this plasmid.
And the thing is, we don't have the resources to see how widespread this is to figure out how to stop it.
The spread of these plasmids in bacteria and and and in humans, because if someone asked me, is this infectious cancer.
And, you know, we do need more research on that.
I will say that, but in a word, because nobody else is saying it.
Yes.
Yes, we know this by protein drives cancer.
You know, so.
Um, that they, and it's as a result of this technology, which they're trying to now put foreign viral proteins of other different pathogens and toxins and like, give those to us too.
I'm like, no, thank you.
I think it's going to take people getting really sick.
and others sharing with them something, how to treat it that's specific to the vaccine, right?
It's like something that they wouldn't have normally used, not their typical, what they got from their doctor.
And when they try it and it works, they're gonna be like, oh my gosh, you were right.
I tried this thing that's supposed to work for spike protein and it slowed it down or it stopped it.
Or, and you know, I know that I think it's Dr. William
Maccas has a protocol with ivermectin and fembendazole.
And of course, I would add fasting to that.
He may already be doing the fasting.
But the question is, is the reason that ivermectin is working so well for these cancers is because it's
actually being driven by the spike protein?
Or is there another mechanism?
I mean, ivermectin works by many mechanisms in terms of it being anti-inflammatory.
I know it sensitizes the cancer to destruction by the body.
But is the fact that it's preventing the growth of many of these cancers because they're actually being driven by the spike protein?
Right?
And so that's hard to know, because we don't have enough of the resources.
And that's why this incoming administration really needs to set aside resources to study these things.
So that we know how much of this is being driven by the spike protein and in what context.
So those are studies that need to be done in a wet lab, right?

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.
Well, I'm sure pharma will be all over this with a pill or a vaccine to make you immune to all of these effects, right?
And so they'll just keep compounding it and saying, oh, this was caused by SARS-CoV-2, which, of course, everybody knows came from bats.
And so it wasn't our fault.
But we're here to help.
I just see this thing repeating all over again, right?
With the pillar vaccine that ends up doing the same thing that these COVID vaccines, which is to make things worse.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, and that's the thing.
So this mycoplasm pneumonia is circulating widely.
And I was saying I was fighting it off because I didn't want it to take root because I don't want to have to take antibiotics.
But most people are going in and taking antibiotics.
And I'm not judging them because many of them need antibiotics.
But that's going to destroy their gut microbiome.
And destruction of the gut microbiome predisposes you to COVID and to very severe COVID, which is still going around.
and it's mutating and we have these plasmids.
And so it's turning it into a perfect storm.
And then remember, we have how much of the population that is now immunocompromised from taking the vaccine.
So they are super spreaders of everything because their immune system isn't working well.
So we have set up, and so when you say, should you be worried, should you be alarmed?
Yes, the health of you and your family is of primary importance and you need to figure out what you need to do and set aside funds in your budget to make sure that this is not gonna take you out.
I'm seeing on Facebook, many people who have special needs children or adults,
That are in the hospital now with this because it's so severe.
So, because they already have susceptibilities and everything and and so this is going to be severe again.

[SPEAKER_00]
What do they call it?

[SPEAKER_03]
When they, when they're calling it walking pneumonia.
And some practitioners, I can't test for it, but some practitioners.
Okay.
So here's anecdotally some practitioners are saying it's mycoplasm.
So I don't have any reason to argue with them.
That is this walking pneumonia.
However, like, so I have a friend who has it and I also heard this anecdotally.
So my friend has.
positive for COVID at the same time as having this walking pneumonia.
And I was sharing this with another practitioner and she said, oh my gosh, people at my church and at this other nursing home were all getting this walking pneumonia and they were testing positive for COVID.
So this is anecdotal evidence that in these bacteria could be containing plasmids coding for the spike protein because it would cause you to test positive for COVID, most likely.

[SPEAKER_00]
So it's called microplasm pneumonia.

[SPEAKER_03]
Mycoplasm pneumonia.
Yeah.
Mycoplasm.

[SPEAKER_00]
Myco or micro.

[SPEAKER_03]
And so it sounds like actually a fungus, but I guess it's a bacteria.
It's a very small bacteria and it can hide inside your cells too.
So it's really nothing to play with.
And that's why I would think like practitioners don't know that if they prescribe hydroxychloroquine alongside
A antibiotic that it actually makes the antibiotic more.
Effective at killing interest cellular bacteria when they go inside yourself.

[SPEAKER_00]
So did you actually have this pneumonia yourself?

[SPEAKER_03]
I was exposed to someone and I kept feeling like sinus stuff come on.
And so I was rinsing my sinuses with green tea.
I was taking ivermectin.
I took some hydroxychloroquine.
I was taking herbals that have polyphenols in them that also has spicoidin.
I was not playing.
I'm like, I need to make sure that this does not take root in me.
And because if it's generating the spike protein, you are gonna send spike protein all throughout your body.
So I already have enough inflammation in my life.
I don't need any spike protein anymore.
Right, and I have actually been extremely proactive because I travel so much, like I'm sure you do, Steve, about periodically taking ivermectin to make sure I'm taking care of any subclinical gut infection with COVID.
But now it's not just the virus, it's actually these plasmids.
So we really need to find out what the extent of this problem is.
And the thing is, the government is not going to address this.
So you are on your own with your health, which is why I'm speaking out.

[SPEAKER_00]
As you are always on your own with your health?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yes, and may not have realized it.

[SPEAKER_00]
OK. Well, I was going to ask you this earlier in terms of which has caused more harm overall.
And of course, it's a little hard to quantify because it depends on what your time scale is.
You know, if you looked over a 10 year horizon, and I asked you to quantify the harms caused by the SARS-CoV-2 virus itself, compared to the harms caused by the COVID vaccines.

[SPEAKER_02]
The harms caused by, sorry.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, would you say it's like 10 to 1 where the vaccine is caused 10 times as much damage?
Or is it like 100 to 1?

[SPEAKER_03]
It's hard to say because the spike protein is a problem and the fact that, see the thing is Steve,
If it's more complicated than that, because this could have been shut down with hydroxy chloroquine in the beginning, and we would not have circulating virus.
So the fact that we still have circulating virus is because well, that is because of the vaccine too, because we immunocompromised like, if we, if none of us took the vaccine and we actually treated this.
in the beginning, we would all have like a level of immunity which would have lowered the circulating virus.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yes, but we made sure to suppress all those people who were calling for the use of ivermectin to treat a SARS-CoV-2.
So we suppressed that.
Right.
Medical community suppressed it.
I don't want to take credit for that mistake.

[SPEAKER_03]
I'm sorry?

[SPEAKER_00]
I don't want to take credit for that mistake.
When I say we, meaning they, the medical community basically suppressed these people who were trying to speak out.
And the medical community took away their license to practice medicine and did other things to silence them.
But now we're in this situation today.
And I'm asking you, just ballpark, is the damage caused by the vaccine
10 times that, like, if we just had the virus alone and we had treated it correctly versus now we're in the situation with the virus and the vaccine.
Right.

[SPEAKER_03]
So I want to say if we had treated it correctly and people were tested and then they, or just sent home with hydroxychloroquine, it's really mild medication, it would prevent transmission.
This would have been a non-starter.
It would have been over before it started.
So, and then when you take into account the fact that the vaccine immunocompromised those who took it, so now they became huge viral spreaders.
So, I would say when you take into all of that account and also the plasmids, it's probably a thousand to one.

[SPEAKER_00]
A thousand to one.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, because the virus would have never been anything if it had been treated correctly.
And then the vaccine actually compromised everyone's immune system.
Like the vaccine made everything so, so much worse on every level.
And then you have this technology where you're actually spreading the plasmids and the vaccine causing the amount of death and destruction.
So many times people don't see
Maybe it takes time for the chronic illness in them to manifest.
And because it's so inflammatory, whatever their particular health weakness is, that's where they're going to break, right?
So if it's kidney problems, they're going to have kidney problems.
If it's heart problems, they may have a heart attack.
So they're not recognizing it as the vaccine that's causing this because it may be an exacerbation of a already known health condition.
And so, when you talk about, you know, the unseen costs where people aren't reporting it to bears, aren't really recognizing their own health issues.
Well, you know, and then you have the shedding issue.
You know, you had asked about this before you asked.
are these plasmids shedding?
Yes, I guess that is a form of shedding, one that we haven't really considered that, but there are other forms.
The virus is like the nanolipid particles are actually like a synthetic virus.
So when you get them, they're going to ooze out of your pores.
You're going to breathe it out.
You're going to be breathing that vaccine.
It's like a transmissible vaccine onto everybody, including the plasmids, right?
And the plasmids were also encased in these nanolipid particles.
Kevin McKernan's work showed that as well.
So that when you got these nanolipid particles, you're going to breathe them out containing that plasmid.
They could have been transmitted to the unvaccinated that way.
And so then it's not to the same degree you're kind of vaccinating the unvaccinated, right?

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, you know, all this stuff that we've been talking about so far, it sounds like
Oh, well, Christina Park's PhD is the only one who's really, you know, talking about this, bringing it to our attention.
She's just, you know, she has her point of view.
But let me assure you, fellow Americans, that that's not what the mainstream science says and so forth.
My question is how large are the number of people that I could talk to today that realizes the significance of what you've been saying and if you've gotten to any kind of sort of, you know, up the food chain in terms of
Of of others who are.
Speaking out, you know, like, if I were to talk to Vinay Prasad, if I were to talk to a Marty McCary.
What would they say about this?

[SPEAKER_03]
Most physicians are not trained in this.
This is a very, very high level of science.
Kevin McKernan ran the Human Genome Project.
So obviously Francis Collins and Tony Fauci knew, this is kind of an NIH thing.
So you need to be a molecular biologist.
Most scientists study molecular biology that are in the biological scientists.
So they're gonna know.
Your doctors are not gonna know.
They do not understand this gene therapy at all.
So they're just trusting their colleagues, right?
There are some doctors that also have PhDs or those that have done clinical research or those who are just researchers.
Who have investigated this, but people like me and Dr Jancy Lindsey, you know, are the ones that are kind of bringing this for Kevin McCurnan.
But the thing is, what we are finding is that there are many researchers actually doing research on this.
They saw this.
And they are actually putting out research papers, which some of them you're looking at.
Right.
Um, and, but they're trying to do it low key because if they are brought into the public guide, they're going to lose all their funding because almost all biomedical research is funded through the NIH.
You know, directly or indirectly.
So they are, you know, and then if they are brought to light, they kind of deny it and they all call it long COVID.
You know, they're studying the spike protein, the effects of the spike protein, but they're trying not to call it vaccine induced injury or, you know, they don't want to get controversial, but they see it.
So, and then there's paper after paper in the literature over time, delineating all of these problems with the technology.
So we have plenty of scientific literature already saying this.
That said, most scientists are studying the one tiny thing they're studying.
And they can't see the force for the trees.
It's not in their thing because they can't put all the pieces together.
Unless they're actually doing experimental gene therapy and they're like, wait, well, what and because experimental gene therapy didn't work, it was so hyper inflammatory.
It was set aside, except for in a very few exceptional cases.
Most I think there was a large number of scientists who weren't really trained in it.
It was all the rage when I was in school about 20 or 30 years ago.
And then it didn't work.
So everyone wasn't learning all the platforms and all the problems with it.
And they disbanded all of these different committees who were supposed to study this and make sure it didn't go mainstream.
So.
I would say you're going to have to have a scientist and they're going to have to have been trained in a certain number of area of time.
And this is why some of us will not stop speaking out because.
Most of the people who are head of the FDA, who approves experimental gene therapy, who are the surgeon general, anybody who's just an MD probably has no idea.

[SPEAKER_00]
Honestly, so if there was to be a public debate.
On this topic, so we can bring it to the surface.
And there'd be people on our side who would be eminently qualified to have that debate and understand this.
Who would be the participants on the other side of that that are claiming, oh, this is overblown, this is not science, who actually understand
The underlying science here and are not just, you know, speaking out out of their.
You know, out of their ballpark, right?
So people who are as competent as McKernan.
Um, you know, or equally qualified on the other side who would debate the opposite side of this.
Are there any people, whether they're willing to debate or not is, is, is not my question at first, because that's my second question as to whether they're willing to debate.
But is there anyone who's even qualified?

[SPEAKER_03]
Oh, absolutely.
Yeah.
There's plenty of people who are qualified and I can wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.

[SPEAKER_00]
people who are qualified to debate and who also would take the opposite side of this telling people there's nothing to worry about.

[SPEAKER_03]
Oh well then you're talking about Francis Collins and you know Tony Fauci and I'm not even sure that they would say that they might start conceding that there are a few problems here and there.
So I don't know because I think a lot of scientists are staying pretty quiet about this honestly.
So we have a very

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.
So we have a very serious problem here.
If nobody's call, nobody who is qualified is speaking out on the other side, because I would venture to say, and I would, I would put money on this, that if we asked Tony Fauci, uh, Francis Collins or whoever to discuss this issue with
Kevin McKern, yourself, other people, Jancy Lindsay, that they would decline the opportunity to educate the public on this issue, because they would end up looking pretty silly in the debate, right?
Like, this isn't an opinion thing as to which way the thing is going.
What you're saying is that there are lots and lots of scientists who would agree with you, some of which are willing to go public and have their reputations tarnished, and others who are
know that it's you're correct, but will remain silent so that they don't lose all of their their funding and their respect of their colleagues and so forth.
But there's basically nobody on the other side saying you guys are are talking bullshit.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, there are people on the other side that say were
talking BS, but like, as I just, one of my videos just had a little thing for misinformation, right?
They're saying the plasmid, you know, the DNA contamination isn't a problem.
There's nothing there, you know, nothing to see here.
And like, but they, they, they hide behind something.
You don't know who that person is.
It's just the government.
It's just fact checkers.
Like, who's the actual fact checker?
What's their degree?
And like,
How did they come up with this?
So they're trying to, Pfizer's trying to say, and the government's trying to say that this contamination is a non-starter, that there's nothing going on here, but they actually never put out a scientist for you to debate with.
So like, you know, the people at Pfizer and their gene therapy department both send somebody forward.
I'm like, you know, who was this that let this go forward?
This is insanely irresponsible.

[SPEAKER_00]
Right.
So I think you hit the nail on the head with that one.
I think there should be a public debate on this issue between you and others who agree with you.
And we invite the pharmaceutical companies to send their representative to say that, oh, we didn't do any harm.
It's safe and effective.
And to send their experts
And let's have a public debate on this because clearly there's a big gap between what we're being told and what you're saying.
And I think the public has a right to know whether which party is telling us the truth.

[SPEAKER_03]
And I think what would be great is to have all the manufacturers there because then you might actually get something because Moderna would say, well, we knew that was a problem and we did something about it.
And, you know, or Moderna might say, or, you know, Pfizer might say, well, we knew that the DNA platform that AstraZeneca was working on was a problem in this way.
That's why we chose this one.
So they may argue about their approaches and they cast light on what is problematic about all of the different platforms.
Everything has positives and negatives, but Moderna took care of some problems of the Pfizer vaccine.
A lot of problems with the Pfizer vaccine had because they knew they were problems.
So Pfizer should have known and done something about it too.
So we had the different
the, you know, representatives of the different companies talking about why they made the decisions that they did for their product.

[SPEAKER_00]
No, no, no, but no, but I don't want to talk about that have them.
I just want them to advocate for the other side.
Right.

[SPEAKER_03]
I don't want them to be promoting their product that they would have to admit the problems is what I'm saying.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, but it's really a question
What's important is to let people know whether what you're saying is true and they should be very worried or what the government is saying that, oh, there's nothing to worry about.
There's no proof of DNA integration.
All of that's the plasmid levels in the vaccines are below the standards.
It's perfectly safe and we can get into
what we started with at the very beginning.
Is this the worst disaster of all time?
Or is there nothing to talk about?
I think it's important that we reach a scientific consensus on that.
And so to me, it's important that we have both sides coming to the table in order that
even if we're not going to convince the two sides that we can move the public in one direction or the other in terms of how serious this problem is.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right.
I mean, there definitely, there should have been right at the beginning, these different, they could have even been done over Zooms where you had, you know, you had MDs, you had scientists discussing how to prevent transmission of COVID, right?
They never allowed any of that.
Why didn't we have these different forums
all over the place.
Instead, it was one person that was allowed to have the power over this, or two people, Dr. Deborah Birx, and they knew, they absolutely knew, and they lied.
So, I think that these types of debates are really important, and for the public to see it between scientists.
Scientists don't always agree, but we do agree that there's a problem.
We may just not disagree on the exact elements of the problem.
So, I absolutely agree that these types of discussions are really necessary
And that as scientists, we need to bring up this, the different problems with the technology.
Now, again, this was all supposed to have oversight and before cobit, all of the oversight committees were completely disbanded.
That understand this so.
And I think, you know, as far as the average person, you know, who lied to you and who didn't, you know, when people ask me, are you afraid that you're going to be found to be wrong and then your reputation will be tarnished?
I'm like, no, because one, I'm not saying everything I state is absolute fact.
I'm saying, here's what it looks like and here's what we need to do more research on.
And here's what you should be alarmed about.
But secondarily, I was trained in the same way as Francis Collins and Tony Fauci, so I know the same thing that they know, and they know I know.
Do you know what I'm saying?
And so that's why I'm super band and shadow band, because I understand this and I can call it out.
So I would say that we know the technology, we know how this biotechnology works the same as they do.
And so when you get scientists that come together with that same basis of knowledge, yeah, there can be discussion and some people might have different concerns than others, but that's where that needs to be.
That's what scientific conferences do.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, this is what science is all about is searching for the truth.
and not trying to promote your point of view.
We're running out of time here.
I wanted to ask you, you had mentioned green tea at nasal rinse before, and I'm familiar with the Povidone iodine rinse.
Is the green tea rinse, and it's basically you just take green tea in a- In any pot?
Yeah.
I have a mister, like the clear comes in a mister, you go mist, mist and you spray your nozzles.
That's the way I like to do it.
I mean, it's a little bit more intense to do it the other way.
But is it actually better to use green tea and can you use it every day as a prophylactic?
without harm, because I know, you know, pulvin on iodine is like, only do that if you're you feel something is coming on.
But could you do the green tea nasal rinse every day and and have it be safe?

[SPEAKER_03]
I don't know.
I've only been doing it when I was exposed.
So I don't really know.
I've been putting it in my neti pot with some, you know, you have a little packet of salt that's the saline.
So I put this pack of salt in and then put the green tea that's been seeping.
So I've only been doing it when I'm exposed, but even drinking green tea, because even when you're drinking it, that hot tea, it's going to seep into your mucous membranes and it's gonna be in your stomach.
And that's where most of the time, most of the infection is going to start or where the spike protein is going to be.

[SPEAKER_00]
And there's scientific evidence backing all this stuff up.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yes.
Yes.
And I'll have to get that paper about the green tea because that was great.
But also green tea also activates your body's natural antioxidant detox systems, helps your body make glutathione.
So, you know, green tea is really great, is a great daily prophylactic.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, so doing a green tea spray up squirt, squirt, squirt, squirt, just like clear could be a...

[SPEAKER_03]
I think it would be a great idea, but I think someone would probably need to get the right amount so it doesn't cause any irritation and put it in a little thing for us to use.
I don't know if doing it at home, you just have to experiment.
I don't think it's going to hurt you, but if you feel after five or six days that it's irritating your nasal sinuses, you might have too much tea in there or something.

[SPEAKER_00]
But the point being, but do you think that's more effective than pulvin on iodide?

[SPEAKER_03]
For example, it was in the study is it was that green tea ECGC was extremely effective.
ECGC is one of the polyphenols that binds Titus to the spike protein.
So I think it could be extremely effective.
I'm not going to say you would have to do obviously a clinical trial, but either of them is very effective.
The idea is to do something.
something proactive.

[SPEAKER_00]
And of course, there will never be a clinical trial because the drug companies will never fund.

[SPEAKER_03]
Something as simple and everyday as green tea, right?

[SPEAKER_00]
Right, yeah.
So this is a clinical trial that somebody like RFK, when he's appointed secretary of HHS, could suggest to the agencies that they fund these clinical trials.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right.
And the reason it's not is because who's making enough money on green tea, like anybody can get it from any supplier.
So nobody, it's not like a patented drug that you want to spend three hundred thousand dollars to to do a clinical trial on because you don't own the rights to it.
Anybody can get some green tea.
And this is why I'm sharing these things so that, you know, when you look at the C-19 early treatment data, which I'm sure you've done, Steve,
It's like almost anything that you did.
Lemon water helped.
The point was to do something.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, no, but this would be great to do such a study.
And in fact, Bobby Kennedy, I was just looking at my text messages.
He texted me a few days ago and he asked me, hey, could you make a list of the clinical trials that you think that we should be doing?
So I'm gonna add that to the list.
And I gave him a list of three that we should be doing.
So I'm gonna add that to the list.
And the three that I gave him was, do vaccines cause autism?
So that's high on my list.
There should be an ongoing clinical trial where we have 20,000 people who like to get vaccinated and let's track those people and let's track 20,000 people who never had a vaccine.
and track those people because you want to see how they do over time during the same time frames because there can be things that exist and how environmental things that confounders that we want to see how they affect both groups.
And then the third thing, let me see if I can.
Pull it up.
Let me see.
Here we go.
Got that one.
The third, the third one, I don't know.
I didn't remember that one.
The third one is unvaccinated kids versus fully vaccinated kids, which kids are healthier.

[SPEAKER_03]
Absolutely.
And I think one of the things that's so important in this avalanche of autoimmune disease is, you know, I've done some work.
Looking up how chronic immune activation drag drives autoimmune disease.
And so, whether it's from a vaccine or whether it's from leaky gut where, you know, or whether it's from the spike protein.
So, anytime your immune system is constantly activated, it looks like it drives actually the development of autoimmune disease.
So those are some really important clinical trials that would need to be done to look at the activation of of.
And it could even be viral reactivation.
Some people have Epstein virus reactivation and they develop autoimmune disease.
So those are some things to do.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.
So we're running super long here.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yep.

[SPEAKER_00]
Sorry.
But I wanted to ask you, because we were delaying the science because we wanted to get into the implications, do you want to summarize
What you wanted to tell the audience about the science of what's going on under the covers and do that and.
Hopefully in 3 minutes or so, if you can, if you can possibly do that, I think I did cover most of it, but I'll go through it very, very quickly.

[SPEAKER_03]
And that is that 1st of all this.
is inherent to this technology.
So basically, when they first did the first trial, they actually sequenced the DNA.
They didn't have any bacteria involved.
They sequenced the DNA, converted it to mRNA, and injected it into the people.
Then they had to create lots of it.
So they took these plasmids that coded for the spike protein that have antibiotic resistance genes, they put them in bacteria, they grew up tons of it,
Theoretically, they purified it, but we don't really know.
So it could still contain bacterial contaminants that cause inflammation.
And they took these plasmids, put them in a cell-free system, put in some different ingredients, made the mRNA, and then they were supposed to purify the mRNA from the plasma DNA and only use that for the vaccine.
But they didn't.
They tried to degrade the DNA.
It didn't work.
So there are up to 20 billion copies of contaminated DNA
per vial of Pfizer vaccine.
And some of that plasma DNA is intact.
And if it is intact, if it's not cut up, it can actually go into bacteria where it can copy itself and also make the spike protein.
And if it's from the Pfizer vaccine, it can actually get into your cells where it can copy itself and make the spike protein.

[SPEAKER_00]
An extra bonus for getting the Pfizer, preferring the Pfizer vaccine.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, the thing is that one had a lower dose.
So I was saying if you had to get one, maybe the Pfizer one.
But also, even if this DNA is all chopped up, the more chopped up it is, the more likely it's going to integrate into your DNA.
And it's going to do it first in the blood and cause things like blood disorders and leukemia and lymphomas.
So it's just a hot mess all around.
And these questions of safety were never really, really addressed.

[SPEAKER_00]
Great.
Well, that was a lot more than I expected.

[SPEAKER_03]
Maybe go get yourself a cup of green tea and just sort of deescalate while you're waiting to get on your flight.

[SPEAKER_00]
I'm thinking about doing that right now.
So thank you so much.
And we'll be writing up, I'll write up on my sub stack some protocols that people can use to do prophylactically.

[SPEAKER_03]
Okay, beautiful minimize the risk.

[SPEAKER_00]
So don't do what I can, you know, but it's like the medical community.
This is just we're we're so far from moving the needle on the medical community.
I just don't know what it's going to take and it's it's indeed frustrating to me that even today with all the evidence that vaccines cause autism.
that you see on CNN that the consensus in the medical community is that vaccines don't cause autism.
And so my fear is that if we haven't solved the autism problem, which is so clear cut, that getting the medical community to buy into and believe what you've just told me in this conversation,
Is going to be much more difficult.
I think than convincing people that vaccines cause autism because it's a much more complicated.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, it is, but I think there's 2 things we're going to have a lot of medical professionals that are actually affected that may start listening.
But secondarily, I've always believed that this is going to have to be a grassroots efforts that comes from the grassroots up.
It's gotta be like, everybody knows that smoking causes cancer.
Everybody's gotta know it before the top will change.
If you think this is gonna come top down, you're in for a rude awakening, unfortunately.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yep.
What did you take for, it used to be doctors were promoting cigarettes and they were talking about their favorite brand.
What actually, so this was a flip from smoking is perfectly fine to smoking causes lung cancer and the odds ratio is like 15 to one if you're a smoker and get lung cancer.
And so it was fairly obvious.
And it should have been obvious to people, but it took.
Um, it was decades, uh, yeah, I'm sure for that for that media wasn't as bought back then.

[SPEAKER_03]
So there may have been a little bit more power to get the word out, but now we have social media.
So, I mean, you know, I'm on Twitter and stuff and I follow all of you guys.
So I'm like, in a little bit of an echo chamber, but so, you know, I see how much information we're getting out there.
And, um, at this point, once somebody has an event happen and they're interested, the information is there is right there for them.

[SPEAKER_00]
Well, great.
Well, you heard it here first.
Thank you so much for sharing all of this.

[SPEAKER_03]
Sure.
And I'd like to put a plug for my website, Vita.org, a full page on the childhood schedule on every vaccine on the childhood schedule, full page on the COVID.
Everything is fully cited.
I use my website all the time, because when you can't find that one paper, you can go to the references and find what you're looking for.

[SPEAKER_00]
Spell the URL for us.
VI-TA.org.
vi-ta.org.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yes, it's the Vaccine Injury Teaching Alliance.
We have a ton of health recovery information.
We're hoping to have Robin Rose on in January with her spike detox.
I have one that just has different elements that you need to consider, and we have tons of ways of just reducing your toxic load of how to deal with a respiratory infection, how to nebulize, all of these things that we're talking about, tons of really great presentations there.
So join
support and just bookmark to get the information you need so you can share it with people when that opportunity comes up.

[SPEAKER_00]
Great.
Thank you so much.

[SPEAKER_03]
Thank you, Steve.

[SPEAKER_00]
Mute.

[SPEAKER_04]
Hey, Steve, can you hear me?

[SPEAKER_00]
I can hear you now.

[SPEAKER_04]
Wow.
I'm ready for some green tea, but I think I need a shot of whiskey in it.
After hearing that, I think that'll cause cell death, but not the kind of autophagy that we want.
Oh, my goodness.
So have you got your phucoidin, this brown algae?

[SPEAKER_00]
Nope, not yet.

[SPEAKER_04]
I went online and I looked and wow, so from Japan, the prices go as high as like $600 for a bottle for a 30 day supply.
I saw one from Japan for 300.
That's probably really, really top quality, but you can get it at a reasonable price in the U.S., you know, in the 20s, more like.
But I wonder like, wow, what do they do to the $600 bottle of phucoidin?
Hey, I have one question for you that confused me about what Dr. Park said.
She said that only the Pfizer vaccine has the DNA plasmid danger
Of course, the Moderna vaccine has the DNA plasmid contamination, but not the SV40 promoter.
So is she saying that it's not enough to have the DNA plasmid contamination alone, as in the Moderna shot, you have to have the SV40 promoter, as in the Pfizer shot, for it to get into your
not only to get into your own DNA, but also to get into these bacteria cells.
If you have bacteria, say in your gut, which we all do, or in your chest or somewhere else that you'll then shed or pass on to somebody else in the way that bacteria is contagious.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.
So she didn't go into that.
So I don't know the answer.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, interesting.
What's your main takeaway?
Are you are you scared or just like, just, I'm, I'm a little worried.
Yeah, a little worried.
It's a little worrisome isn't it.
Well, as we wrap up tonight's episode, I do want to take another moment to remind everybody in our audience that VSRF is a 501c3 nonprofit organization and everything we do from hosting these weekly webinars and producing educational content to providing a platform for truth depends entirely on your generous donations.
And we operate solely on the support of people like you.
So if you believe in what we do, we do humbly ask for your support today.
Together, we can make a real difference.
And thank you for standing with us and for considering a donation to help us continue this vital work.
One more announcement.
FLCCC, the FLCCC Alliance it's called now, they have a vaccine injured survey going on for a couple of months.
The survey is called the Vaccine Injury Treatment and Access to Essential Care Survey, VITA or VISA, V-I-T-A-E.
The survey aims to help FLCCC better understand or all of us better understand the unique challenges that individuals and families face when dealing with vaccine injuries.
It's a really simple brief questionnaire that can be completed in about five minutes.
focusing on key data points like, have you been injured?
How difficult was it for you to get help from insurance companies and the government?
How hard to get diagnostic testing?
And how many healthcare providers have you seen?
The survey, like I said, will be going for 2 months and the results will be shared as soon as they become available.
It's really important for those affected by vaccine injury to share their experiences.
So that it will help to improve access to care and Janet or dear Janet will put the link in the chat.
Thank you all for tuning in tonight.
As we wrap up, I wanna take a moment to wish each and every one of you a very Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays and a Happy New Year.
Next week, we will be replaying one of our favorite episodes.
This is featuring Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
So it's going to be an episode that happened a year ago and we'll just play that recording and then we'll be back the following week
on January 2nd live with a special guest, Iris Ko, the founder of Healing the Divide.
It's gonna be an insightful and inspiring conversation, so don't miss it.
And we are gonna leave you with a video tonight, so don't sign off or click off just yet.
This is from CBS News.
Steve and I live in the great state of California and yesterday our governor Gavin Newsom declared a state of emergency in response to growing concerns about bird flu cases across the state.
Although there's only been one case where a man was hospitalized and that was in a different state, the state of Louisiana,
So despite a bunch of pink eye and cases being solely in people with direct contact with cows, we are in a state of emergency in California.
So nothing like a new pandemic fear to start off the new year.

[SPEAKER_00]
So they have a vaccine for that.

[SPEAKER_04]
Oh, I'm sure.
I'm sure they're working on it.
All right.
Well, happy holidays, Steve.
I hope you enjoy a little time off and good night, everybody.
Thanks for tuning in.
