[SPEAKER_22]
While in 2020, I think that the month it was much.
For humanity's sake, we were asked to partake and to break down the arc of the arc.
The ropes did resist and the scoundrels insist to engage, was far too tall a task.
So do not disturb us.
Oh, yeah, she occupied, I killed it all ahead.
The silence, the silence, the sidelines were full and the stands there were standing were only.
And I leave where you left out and lonely.
Some may look inward and some would dig deep.
Others would just look around them.
Keep your eyes on the shepherd and not on the sheep.
Just be happy you've finally found them.
Oh no!
Where did Lady Liberty go?

[SPEAKER_21]
The latches were latched on the cage and the cups and the casket The workers up front were dismissed or dispatched Got a question now it's time to ask it The governor held in the highest regard And oh wow how the mighty had fallen I guess the homeless was not in the guard

[SPEAKER_10]
Tonight on VSRF Live, doctors Paul Merrick and Mary Tally-Boden join us to discuss the landmark Supreme Court victory to end state-sponsored misinformation by way of the FDA.

[SPEAKER_08]
They censored the truth.
They would not let people speak the truth.
And when you censor the truth, you censor science, you decapitate science, so the truth has been hidden from Americans in the rest of the world.
And this has allowed them to get away with committing what is one of the most severe atrocities of recent memory.

[SPEAKER_17]
When they went on that social media PR campaign, they changed the narrative.
They denigrated ivermectin as an animal drug, not safe for human use.
And I had a hard time getting pharmacists to fill it.

[SPEAKER_16]
I had to convince patients it was safe.
I had my license threatened.

[SPEAKER_17]
So it's been an ongoing battle for four years now, and I am just
Thrilled.
I'm like a kid on Christmas morning today.

[SPEAKER_10]
Hello and welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm Livio Sanchez.
Tonight is a truly momentous VSRF Live.
Last week, we have been given a huge victory in the fight for medical freedom, a promise to remove agencies from acting as doctors and advising the public where they have no business doing so.
What I'm talking about is the landmark case involving a group of brave doctors, including two of whom we have here with us tonight, Dr. Mary Talley-Boden and Dr. Paul Merrick, who went all the way to the Supreme Court in their battle against the FDA.
And the false claims the agency had made about Ivermectin during the pandemic.
And we also have a surprise guest that will be joining us later tonight.
It's going to be a fantastic conversation.
And before we begin tonight's show, tonight is another very important night for us in our ongoing fundraising activities here at VSRF.
VSRF Live depends solely on public donations to bring you this weekly show and needs your financial support.
Even better, please consider donating to VSRF on a monthly basis.
Your contributions are tax-deductible and vital to sustain our efforts each week.
We cannot do what we do without your help.
For those willing to contribute, you can make a direct donation by simply texting VSRF to 53-555.
Our goal for tonight and every show from here on out is $5,000.
This is the bare minimum we need to cover our expenses in producing this weekly show, literally the bare minimum.
And please remember, no donation is too small.
Together, we can prevent health, we can preserve health freedom for generations to come.
Thank you for your support.
And now I'd like to bring on Nurse Angela
Hello, Nurse Angela.
How are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_16]
Hey, Livio.
It's so great to be here.
Good to see you.
How are you doing?

[SPEAKER_10]
I'm doing well.
I know you're very excited about our guests tonight.

[SPEAKER_16]
I am.
I'm so excited.
You know, these are two of my favorite doctors.
I've had the honor and the luxury of knowing them since defeat the mandates.
And I, for the last few weeks, I've actually been traveling the country alongside them.
We've been in Vegas for the COVID litigation conference.
Then we were in Washington, DC, all within the matter of a week.
fighting for our free speech.
And I just absolutely love both of them.
They are incredible human beings.
They've been fighting all along for COVID patients during the deadly wave back when COVID first hit.
They've been fighting for the vaccine injure.
They've been fighting for those injured by hospital protocol.
They've been fighting against the corrupt institutions.
They've been fighting for free speech.
They've been fighting for all doctors to preserve, you know, for doctors to speak freely and preserve that doctor-patient relationship.
And the list can go on and on.
They're just remarkable human beings.
And I'm so honored to call them my friends and have them here with us.
And so excited to share their victory.
So, and I'm even more excited as well at the end to bring on a very, very special guest.
And you'll understand why when we bring him on.
Absolutely.
How did you get to meet them, Livio?

[SPEAKER_10]
Well, great.
Before we bring the doctors on, I actually want to share with you my personal story of meeting the great Dr. Paul Merrick and how telling the story of brave doctors successfully treating patients with ivermectin got me censored on YouTube and Facebook, as well as being labeled a misinformation super spreader.
Way back the first week of January 2021, I flew to Houston, Texas to shoot an interview with Dr. Pierre Corey and Dr. Paul Merrick.
It was the first time I met them in person.
They were beaming with confidence, excited to tell the world about how their FLCCC protocol was saving lives and was going to help end the pandemic.
But little did they know at the time that their announcement would be met with so much resistance.
I ended up creating a video with Dr. Merrick and over a dozen other brave doctors sharing their ivermectin story.
And it immediately went viral garnering like half a million views on YouTube before the view count mysteriously froze.
Literally it hit half a million and then it just stopped.
And then several days later, the infamous FDA, you are not our horse tweet, started blowing up my phone with text messages from friends and family stating, you're spreading misinformation.
So anyway, that was the brief recap of my getting canceled.
I'm going to have to blame Paul and Pierre for it.
But before we bring them on, I want to share that censored video.
It's about six minutes or so with all these doctors.
This came out
sometime in March of 2021.
Let me play that video.

[SPEAKER_08]
If you were to say, tell me the characteristics of a perfect drug to treat COVID, what would you ask for?
So I think you would ask for something firstly that's safe, that's cheap, that's readily available, and that has any viral and anti-inflammatory properties.
People would say, that's ridiculous.
There could not possibly be a drug that has all of those characteristics.
That's just unreasonable.
But we do.
The drug is called ivermectin.

[SPEAKER_20]
It was such a benign medication.
And it has such a great safety margin.
And it's so inexpensive that if you didn't have COVID,

[SPEAKER_11]
You still felt better the next day.
Here's this treatment that around the world of using, we started reading articles about Peru, Argentina, Singapore had done a study in the summertime and they were seeing pretty impressive results.
And what's interesting about it, when you look at the medication, this is a medication that is only prescribed 3.7 billion times.
And I think the mortality rate from the medication was only 12.
And that's incredible.
And on top of that, it won the Nobel Prize.
So how can you go wrong?

[SPEAKER_03]
One of the things that's been very unfortunate about this pandemic is that at a time where we need, if anything, out of the box thinking and forward thinking and openness, we've really settled into this way of thinking where we want to wait for large trials to just tell us what to do.

[SPEAKER_05]
There are several studies that have come from across the globe, over 100, that cover all primary research and the meta-analyses.
And the majority of them point to the fact that Ivermectin has efficacy in shortening the duration of disease, shortening the time that there are symptoms, and in reducing mortality.

[SPEAKER_06]
I think that patients' best interest should always be put first.
And if we have a safe drug that we have huge amounts of experience using, we should be offering that to patients right away

[SPEAKER_02]
Number one, we take care of friends, family, people who go to church with us.
We don't want to hurt them, okay?
And the safety of ivermectin and the fact that I've been using it for 27 years in practice gives me confidence that I can use it safely.

[SPEAKER_28]
With ivermectin and a few other things we do in our protocols, we're managing to probably have a survival rate in hypoxic patients.
of over 95%.

[SPEAKER_09]
If you saw that in your practice, I mean, you would be convinced when you're reading a paper and it says, you know, oh, 33 patients, it's easy to blow off, you know, brush out, like, come on, this is nothing.
I mean, this is what kind of study is that?

[SPEAKER_19]
None of the university and big institutional doctors are allowed to use IVMEC.
They've been told not to listen to patient complaints, not to read literature, not to prescribe ivermectin that they have all put blinders on.

[SPEAKER_20]
And I'm saying, holy cow, I got 260 people.
Okay.
And I just give them this pill and 99.9% of them.
have not recorded anything other than the protocol.

[SPEAKER_15]
We've received patients from as far away as a hundred miles away from our office because their experience unfortunately has been a refusal adamantly on the part of their primary care doctor to prescribe Ivermectin and or a approach where they've been told if they get sick just to go home and if they get sicker to go to the ER.

[SPEAKER_04]
The hospitals I feel have an obligation to be transparent and to tell patients, to tell every patient that there is this drug that's being used off-label.

[SPEAKER_13]
There shouldn't be any criticism because something that was unexpected worked.
That's, you know, that's kind of the hallmark of science.

[SPEAKER_01]
When I asked them why, why, you know, used ivermectin with your COVID patients, they, uh, the answer is, uh, well, there is no evidence.
When I show them the evidence, they change their mind.

[SPEAKER_26]
Take a look at the election returns on ivermectin from all over the world.
Yeah.
You know, India, Peru, Mexico, you know, Bulgaria, Slovakia, all these places and ask yourself, what are the odds that this could happen by chance?

[SPEAKER_27]
You know, unfortunately, when there's research that comes overseas, I think Western medicine sort of looks at them, looks down upon them as if their standards are not up to speed.
As if they're not doing randomized control trials as well as we do it here in the United States, which is hogwash because some of the most incredible physicians in this brilliant scientific minds have been from Latin America and Asia and Africa.
I definitely do think, unfortunately, there is this bias towards data that's coming from overseas.

[SPEAKER_00]
Governments and health organizations are ignoring the evidence, and there's a mountain of it.
And I think this is because they are heavily invested in novel treatments.

[SPEAKER_09]
And one of the horrible things about this whole pandemic is just shutting off people and canceling them.
People who are talking about things that work, just booting them off of Facebook and booting them off of Twitter.

[SPEAKER_20]
I'm on my 26th day of censorship on Facebook for violating community standards.
Who are these people to be telling frontline doctors how to practice medicine?

[SPEAKER_05]
We need to look at the totality of evidence.
We need to look at all the evidence.
We need to interrogate all the evidence and have a multidisciplinary team, not just a few celebrity scientists, coming together to make a conclusion about all types of medicine.

[SPEAKER_28]
Why would we not use it?
The worst possible outcome is we're going to have a country of paricyte tree people.

[SPEAKER_08]
The saddest thing for us is we know this can make a difference and save lives.
And it seems like nobody really cares and wants to listen to us.
That's what frustrates us is that we have this massive force out there that's trying to silence us.
And yet we feel we can't be silenced.
We just can't be because the truth will ultimately prevail.

[SPEAKER_10]
And the truth is prevailing.
Welcome, Dr. Merrick.
Welcome, Dr.
Bode, into VSRF Live.

[SPEAKER_08]
Thank you, Levio.
So that's a pretty interesting video.
You know, 2021 seems like decades ago, and there are some, you know, strange faces there.
But you know what?
It's part of history.
And it was a historic time.

[SPEAKER_10]
it really was.
Mary, I think you're muted, but I want to be able to have you say hello as well before I want to read both of your bios actually as well.
And welcome, Mary.
Thank you for coming on tonight.
Let me quickly read your bios.
Dr. Merrick is a co-founder of the Frontline COVID-19 Critical Care Alliance, the FLCCC, a world-renowned physician and a pioneer in the practice of critical care.
He is a specialist in internal medicine, critical and neurocritical care, pharmacology,
anesthesia, nutrition, and tropical medicine.
Dr. Merrick was formerly a tenured professor of medicine and chief of the Division of Pulmonary and Critical Care Medicine at Eastern Virginia Medical School.
He has written over 500 peer-reviewed journal articles, 80 book chapters, and authored four critical care books.
He is the 2017 recipient of the Outstanding Educator Award from the American College of Physicians for his work with medical residents and fellows.
During the declared public health emergency, Dr. Merrick successfully treated thousands of COVID-19 patients.
Dr. Mary Tally-Boden is a board certified in both, help me with this word, Mary, odolarynecology.
I had practice earlier and I still stumble on it, and sleep medicine.
She specializes in sinus, sleep, and allergy disorders and treats both children and adults.
As a mom of four boys, she has spent many years being on the other side of the doctor-patient relationship.
Her frustrations with the traditional medical system inspired her to open BreatheMD in 2019 with the goal to simplify and improve patients' office visit experiences.
Along with a successful practice,
Mary is now fighting to limit government overreach into the doctor patient relationship.
The doctors had quite a victory last week in court and we can't wait to hear all about it.
Thank you for being here tonight.

[SPEAKER_08]
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_16]
It's so good to see you both.
I, I think in order to discuss this case, we kind of have to go back to.
the beginning.
Back in August, Ivermectin, the sales of Ivermectin were through the roof.
The prescriptions, people were wanting it.
Doctors were prescribing it.
There were so many clinical trials showing how effective and safe it was at prophylaxis and early treatment.
And then on August 21 of 2021, there was a tweet that went viral that the FDA put out.
And that tweet, for me, in my opinion, kind of changed the trajectory.
And it was the biggest smear campaign.
I think it was one of the most deadly smear campaigns because it then allowed for the vaccines for the deadly hospital protocols like Remdesivir.
And so tell us a little bit more about the beginning.
Yeah, Olivia, I think is going to put up, there's that tweet.
So you are not a horse.
You are not a cow.
Seriously, you all stop it.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yes.
So you, you're correct, Angela.
So, um, other Macdon had become quite popular and the FDA then embarked on a campaign to disparage over Macdon and discredit over Macdon.
And, you know, obviously there's the famous tweet, not a horse, you're not a cow, stop it.
But they, they went on a full blown campaign to basically discredit over Macdon.
What they also did is they sent a letter to the Federation of State Medical Boards and the Boards of Pharmacy telling them that ivermectin should not be used for the treatment of COVID.
And obviously that had a profound effect on all the medical boards and as Mary knows on the pharmacies because the pharmacist refused to dispense
either Mectin.
And so the question is why did they do this?
And so either Mectin was and still is a great threat to the establishment because it is such a safe, cheap and effective drug.
And in order to get an EUA for the jabs and for these experimental therapies, there needs to be no alternative effective safe therapy.
that's the FDA requirements and clearly either Macdon met those requirements so it threatened the very existence of the jabs and so this is a trillion dollar industry and so they had to do everything in their power to
discredit and disparage ibermectin which as we said is very effective for the treatment of SARS-CoV-2 if used particularly if used early.

[SPEAKER_16]
And I remember back then I mean it feels like forever ago it was just obviously several years but I remember when Dr. Bowden kind of first came out and I think why you're such a you know
a big figure in this case is that you actually had recorded phone calls and conversations where you were trying to prescribe Ivermectin and the pharmacies were denying it for your patients based on bogus lies from the FDA.
It was so smart of you back then to have an inkling to know that they were
going to use this, you know, and for you to be able to actually get that information and be able to use it in this court case that you just have finally gotten a victory from.
Do you have those videos, Libby, over?

[SPEAKER_10]
I wasn't able to find my archive of the recordings.
I had them at one point.

[SPEAKER_17]
Yeah.
I'm getting ready to do another one because I tweeted today that a patient of mine got the ivermectin that I spoke to seeing
and they canceled his prescription for no reason.
So I will be calling them tomorrow and recording that.
And I'll share it.

[SPEAKER_10]
This is recently?
They just stopped you?

[SPEAKER_17]
Hey.
Hey.
Yep.
Wow.
Oh my goodness.
I didn't have time to call.
But that's part of our lawsuit is it just delayed care.
I mean, I was able to find other pharmacies.
I have this long list of
It's just interesting because it's all scratched out.
Okay.
This place isn't no longer doing it, but this place is right.
One man.
Um, it was just like the underground railroad trying to find pharmacies that would fill these prescriptions.
And yeah, there's only so much time in the day to put, you know, when you call a pharmacy, it's like a 20 minute ordeal.
So.
You can't call for every patient, but when I did have that time and when the prescription was an urgent, I would call, but it really did delay care because it's compounding pharmacies.
Most of the time aren't open on weekends.
They don't take insurance.
So it created a lot of problems.
And the courts were using the FDA as well.
And that's another thing that I've become involved in with the medical board over a patient that I was trying to help get ivermectin.
time and time again, I mean, there were, there was two lawyers that really helped these patients, Ralph and Ralph Lurigo and Beth Parlotto.
They did 189 cases around the country, trying to help inpatients who were refused iromectin in the hospital.
And in the courts, the courts themselves, the judges and the decisions were saying, well, this is not FDA approved for COVID.
And that was their reasoning.
So really,
deadly, not just delays, but like life or death decisions based on this FDA tweet.

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah.
And then what continued after that was it just went from bad to worse because then the CDC got involved, then Fauci went on CNN saying that it was potentially toxic and it wasn't effective.
And then there was that Rolling Stones hit piece that was done by that PR firm, Weber,
Shandwick.
Yes.
And that to me was probably one of the most shocking things.
And it really woke me up to the lies that media tells us.
So there's this hit piece from Rolling Stones saying that in Oklahoma, people were awaiting gunshot victims were left outside as, you know, these horsey warmer overdoses were overwhelming this Oklahoma hospital.
And having been a trauma nurse and worked in the ER, I can never imagine
Being in an ER where we're leaving gunshot with victims bleeding outside while people are, you know, while we triage, we take care of the most critical.
And the very next day, the hospital came out, and there was another picture too, there, Livio, where it shows this hospital, Oklahoma, September.
And clearly that's not a correct photo because they look like they're dressed for snow weather.

[SPEAKER_10]
No, I think it came out that that was a not, didn't match the story.

[SPEAKER_16]
did not match the story.
And then the very next day, the hospital that this article was talking about came put a statement out saying that this doctor, the so-called doctor hadn't worked there for months.
And they had not had one single overdose of ivermectin.
And Rolling Stones failed to retract that article, even though the own hospital admitted that this was not the case and it was a lie.
So it just
completely mind-boggling and shocking what they did to us, what they did to patients, what they did to doctors, and it just went downhill from there.
But I'm just forever grateful for the two of you for stepping forward.
You guys never stop.
I mean, it would have been so easy to quit and give up and just carry on with your lives.
But you would not stop until you carried it all the way.
So tell us about the lawsuit.
Tell us how that came about.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, and you both were fired, right, from your hospitals or had to leave.
And then, can you give us a little background on the story for each of you and what happened where you were working and then what led to the lawsuit?

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, so my backmaster is somewhat different from Mary's.
Mary, fortunately, is still able to work.
She works in private.
I worked in a hospital setting.
And basically, because I didn't follow the narrative, I was targeted and was really forced to resign.
Mary had her own issues with Methodist Hospital.
Perhaps she can tell us.

[SPEAKER_17]
Right.
And this was in the fall of 2021.
And remember, we had that big surge that summer and it's bright.
after Biden allowed the mandates to go forward for the whole country.
But I had privileges at Houston Methodist, which was the first hospital in the country to mandate the shots.
This was in the spring of 2021.
So this was preceding Biden.
And, you know, I just went on social media and said, vaccine mandates are wrong.
And I did that 25 times in one day and I put a patient testimonial with each tweet.
I didn't think I'd get noticed because I mean, I had very few followers.
There's just a solo doctor.
and quiet practice.
And then the next thing I know Methodist has told a reporter at the Houston Chronicle that they were submitting my privileges based on comments I made on social media.
But it was all orchestrated.
The timing was around Ivermectin.
They went after Ivermectin right when they were trying to mandate the shots.
And you look at, Biden announced a $10 billion slush fund to combat vaccine hesitancy right after the ivermectin tweet went out.
So it was very orchestrated and I just stepped on some toes I shouldn't have stepped on.

[SPEAKER_10]
These are some powerful forces behind the scenes.
So then how soon after did you start to investigate a legal remedy?

[SPEAKER_08]
So it kind of happened just organically that
Mary, Dr. Abbott and myself got together and we connected with this law firm in DC, and we decided, you know what, that this was not right, that they were spreading misinformation, and we should go after them.
And so we are really grateful to the law firm because they were very supportive and did a truly astonishing job in getting the outcome that we did.
Essentially, the case firstly was thrown out by the lower court because they said that the FDA had sovereign immunity, i.e.
you can't sue the government.
And then we contested that and that was then reversed.
and then it went to the Fifth Circuit Court.
And basically, the judge said that the, and I think this was ready at turning point that the FDA is not a physician.
The FDA does not have the legislative and authority to act as a physician.
They can approve drugs,
but they can't tell physicians how to practice.
And I think that that was a seminal decision made by the court.
And then obviously we went, you know, the case went further and the FDA then decided to settle with us.
And so, you know, people have argued we should have gone forward, but we actually achieved what we wanted to achieve, which was the FDA was told they have to remove all their
They're incriminating tweets, all their false tweets, all their false information they had to remove.
And so.
That was a major win.
There was no punitive or financial reward, but at least the FDA were told that they had exceeded their statutory authority.
They had behaved in a way that was not acceptable and that they had to remove these false and misleading tweets.
So, you know, it was a pretty much a landmark decision for us and for patients because basically what it said is that the FDA is not a physician and they can't tell physicians how to practice medicine.
Do you want to add to that?

[SPEAKER_17]
Yeah, I don't I mean, it was a long it started in November of 2022.
So it's been two and a half years.
We had to weigh the pros and cons of offering their settlement agreement or continuing on and just like you would if you went to a doctor and you had to decide
Okay, what's the best route?
You don't always know.
But like Paul said, our goal was to stop interference of the government into the patient-position relationship.
That was our goal.
We were not putting them on trial for murder, although that would have been nice.
It was just to stop.
It's one little aspect of a whole pile of things we need to address during this pandemic.
But it sets a precedent.
And the next time they want to go giving out clinical advice to patients, they'll have to think twice.
And it's hugely embarrassing for them, which is nice.
And I'm just trying to figure out when they're actually going to take the tweets down.
Is it going to be day 21?
Or what's the plan?
Cause they don't seem to be wanting, don't know.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.
I was, I was going to ask cause I keep searching just to see when it's coming down and I still find it everywhere.
And that a couple questions.
I was wondering if any of your either former or current colleagues who didn't speak up, have they reached out to you and said congratulations or like maybe now they might want to actually start prescribing what any, anything, or is it crickets out there?

[SPEAKER_17]
Well, I sent the article from Newsweek and CNN to one of my longest friends.
I mean, I've known him since we were five years old.
He said he was a crazy something.
He lived in New York City, total opposite side of the spectrum.
He got into a little altercation over this.
This was three years ago.
So I sent him the articles today.
I said, crazy, you know what?
Just eat the FDA.
Crickets.

[SPEAKER_10]
Nothing.

[SPEAKER_17]
No, I'm going to keep pestering them and see what happens.

[SPEAKER_10]
I want his number.
I want to go and pastor him as well.
You know, and it's interesting too, because I've, I've been looking for any legacy media and there's only been like what, like you mentioned CNN and like Newsweek and maybe one other.
And I also noticed that the LA Times put out a hit piece, an opinion piece written by a business guy saying that the FDA made a mistake or something like,
I don't know if you've seen this, but, um, here, I'll see if I can share it.
Cause it is a bit, um, Disturbing that they're not, that they're still trying to attack the, um, Like as if the FDA was wrong.
Let me share.
this screen.
This is from the LA Times.
The FDA shoots itself in the foot by settling a groundless lawsuit over its Ivermectin warnings.
So they're still, and they got the big picture of the horse and, and the article goes on to basically say they made a mistake and they're setting bad precedent.
And it's just to me, as Paul likes to say, astonishing that even after the settlement, there's media out there still going against the courts.

[SPEAKER_16]
And I personally, I think they settled because they, they either knew they were going to lose or they knew that they would be screwed in discovery.
I mean, so.

[SPEAKER_17]
I'll say something about discovery because I'm in the midst of my legal battle with the Texas Medical Board and we're in discovery and I was very excited about that because I'm like oh I have so much I want to uncover from the Texas Medical Board.
I have gotten spot.
I mean they have redacted or dodged or I mean I'm not getting anything.
And so that's one consideration we had about discovery with the FDA.
I mean, you look at what happens when you do a FOIA request.
Remember the myocarditis data was completely redacted.
We were not optimistic about what they would actually disclose.
So that was one consideration we had when we settled.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.
And essentially, Angel, you know, we achieved what we wanted to achieve because essentially the FDA
Although they never admitted wrongdoing and they refuse to apologize or admit wrongdoing, but essentially that's what they did because they were forced by the courts to take down these tweets and all their posts which were completely false and misleading.
And the court clearly said that the FDA is not a physician and does not have the right to dictate the practice of medicine.
So I think that in itself is a landmark decision, which is important going forward, as Mary said.

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah, they definitely got slapped on the hand.
I love it.
for the case to be dismissed and then to appeal and then to have the FDA, the judge tell the, I mean, I have it right here on my phone.
It's amazing.
The FDA, the judge went off on the FDA with the following statements.
FDA can inform, but it has identified no authority allowing it to recommend consumers stop taking medicine.
FDA is not a physician.
It has authority to inform, announce, and apprise, but not to endorse, denounce, or advise.
And then, you know, even tweet-sized doses of personalized medical advice are beyond the FDA statutory authority.
And so I love it.
I mean, it's a huge slap on the hand.
Hopefully they learn their lesson.
They'll never do this again to us.
And I think, you know, with the three of you and, you know,
I think you've set the precedent, you've set the bar to show that they can't get away with us.
They tried, they didn't succeed and going forward, they can never do this to us again because there will be doctors just like you who will do the right thing and put patients before profit and not allow them to do this to you.
So I'm so honored to know you guys both personally and have you fight so hard for us and take it all the way till the end.

[SPEAKER_08]
The tragedy though, Angela, is that they prevented doctors like Drs.
Bowden and others from prescribing ivermectin.
And ivermectin really is very effective in the early stages of COVID.
And so millions of patients died who needlessly should not have died.
And I think that's the tragedy.
So the FDA really has blood on their hands because they really
what they did to ivermectin, they essentially prohibited or eliminated its use.
And part of the other problem was the involvement of the Federation of State Medical Board.
So Dr. Bowden has her legal issues, but there are many doctors and health practitioners who've lost their medical license or their ability to practice because they prescribed ivermectin.
And so, you know, we need to be clear.
Arbamactin is an FDA approved drug that's being used off-label.
And prior to COVID, the FDA encouraged and endorsed the use of off-label drugs.
Indeed, 40% of drugs used in the hospital are used off-label.
So this was not an attack on off-label drugs.
This was an attack on ivermectin because it was such an effective drug against COVID and it threatened them and it still threatens them.

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah, well, we never would have had the vaccines.
We would not have had remdesivir if, you know, it was a huge threat.
It was the biggest threat.
And so that's why, you know, it was the war on Ivermectin.

[SPEAKER_10]
I'm curious, has there ever been a situation like this before where a drug or a medication
was barred from use by the FDA.
Is this the first time this has happened?
Because my understanding was doctors treat patients and they prescribe what they think is best for their patient and you don't get this outside intervention.
Had we experienced that before?

[SPEAKER_17]
I believe there was inklings of it, but nothing to disagree.
I can't remember Paul.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yes, so this is pretty unique that the FDA and then obviously together with the federal government and the CDC went on this massive campaign to discredit hypermagnetism.
And, you know, for example, many drugs that are in common use, for example, Mary Bowden probably uses a moxicillin to treat severe otitis media.
That's an off-label indication.
So, I mean, it would be absurd to say you can't use a moxicillin.
So this was specifically COVID related and ivermectin related.
And so hopefully this won't happen again.

[SPEAKER_10]
I'm curious if you can share the stats or numbers.
If you've had any patients have any adverse reaction to the protocol, including ivermectin, did anybody get sick that you're aware of that took ivermectin?

[SPEAKER_17]
I always say, I have a harder time with antibiotics in terms of side effects, patients calling me with issues.
I mean, I've had minor things.
I had some diarrhea or most common sort of unique would be blurry vision, but it goes away when you stop taking it.
And that's even that.
It's pretty rare.
But before I started using it, I was worried about the safety.
I went to the toxicity studies that are listed on the FDA's website for ivermectin.
I looked at the LB50, which is the lethal dose that would kill 50% of a lab animal in testing circumstances.
The amount of iRimectin that you would have to give to harm somebody is multitudes.
I mean, it varies, but 60 to 100 times more than what we're prescribing.
I also looked, I did a literature search on PubMed to see, okay, how many accidental or intentional overdoses are reported in the literature?
Zero, I could not find a single case.
Whereas if you go on the airport Tylenol, it's abundant.
So once I was assured it was safe, I was like, why not try it?
I wasn't convinced it was going to live up to the hype.
But then I found it certainly did work.

[SPEAKER_10]
One of the things I learned when I was in Houston interviewing Paul and Pierre was that the medications when they're distributed for animals or humans, it's all the same.
It's just the dosage and the packaging.
It's not like they're different.
ivermectin for animals and different ivermectin for humans is that correct it's it's the same but it's packaged differently and the obviously a horse is a big animal so they get that big giant syringe where a human gets a tiny little pill what is that true there's not like different completely different medications for animals and humans

[SPEAKER_08]
You're absolutely correct.
I mean, I mean, so Iverbectin was eventually was originally used for veterinary medicine and then it was discovered it had this profound anti-parasitic effect, but the molecule is the same molecule.
The problem, the difference between veterinary medicine is often the purity of the compound is somewhat different.
The carrier substances may be different and the dosage is different.
But I mean, you know, veterinarians are going to use penicillin, amoxicillin.
They're going to use the same kind of drugs that Dr. Bowden uses in her practice because, you know, they're mammals.
They're physiologically not much different to ourselves.

[UNKNOWN]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_16]
Part of the whole smear campaign, too, was
When all these articles were coming out that patients were overdosing and it was toxic and deadly.
In reality, there was, there was two amazing investigative journalists.
One of them was Linda Bonvy, as well as Raybeth Pfeiffer.
And what they found was that there was actually four phone calls to a poison control where people had just general questions about ivermectin.
So here in the media, we're hearing that it's toxic, that patients are overdosing and having all these side effects.
But in reality, when they foiled and did these
investigative journal requests, they found that really there was four phone calls.
So all of this mass hysteria about how dangerous Ivermectin was was based on four phone calls to poison control, which were not truly overdoses.
They were just questions.
And so it's really just unfortunate that we had lost so many lives that could have been saved.
We've damaged so many people.
We've injured so many people.
And there's no amount of money or justice that will
be enough to cover the damage that has been done.
But what you guys did with this case was just really remarkable and a step in the right direction.
So it's a huge victory.
Did you guys celebrate last Thursday when you got the news or what did you guys do?

[SPEAKER_08]
We had an Abermectin cocktail.

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah.
Well, speaking of Ivermectin, we have a really special guest.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, and that was a good time to bring on our special guest.
And I'm going to bring on Paul Mann.
Paul Mann, welcome to VSRF Live.

[SPEAKER_14]
Thank you.
And thank you for inviting me.

[SPEAKER_10]
I'm going to, I'm going to start a quick bio and then I'm going to let Paul take over.
Um, but, uh, you are, I guess known as patient zero.
You're, is that right?
You're, you're 55 and you had terminal cancer.
And after countless rounds of chemo and radiation, your doctors referred you to hospice.
Um, so I'm, I'm going to start it there and then I'm going to let Paul take over the rest of the story.

[SPEAKER_14]
Well after I finished the chemo and radiation treatments I'd ask the doctors like well after that, you know We wait a couple weeks six to eight weeks.
I get more scans if I still have cancer in me Do I get more chemo?
What do I get?
I have stage four prostate cancer I still have stage four prostate cancer and at that time his answer was this isn't curative
And I was just kind of looking at him thinking, you know, why are we doing this to me?
And I guess he read what I was thinking.
He's like, you know, you're completely full of very advanced, very aggressive cancer.
There is no curative.
And that's kind of when I was referred.
And so about a month or so after that's when I got in contact with Dr. Ruddy who told me to try ivermectin.
I'm here in St. Louis and it's probably easier to get heroin than it is ivermectin.
I found a compound of pharmacy in Tennessee, which is about four and a half hours away.
And I was able, they had a law where they could kind of sell it over the counter.
The pharmacist can prescribe it to you.
And I would go down there and pick up some and come back.
Currently now, the last month or so, I've been ordering it from through India Mart.
And that's been very successful for me.

[SPEAKER_16]
But I remember, Paul, I've been to all of the FLCCC conferences, and I always learn so much from all the doctors that speak.
And this last one that I went to, your story was just so heartwarming.
And on these shows, we speak with these doctors, and we talk about injuries and the rise of cancer.
And it's really hard and depressing and very, very sad, but listening to you
up there, speak on stage, gave me so much hope.
And you were literally in the hospital.
You were like, as Dr. Reddy said, you were circling the drain.
You were referred to hospice.
You were fighting for your life every single day.
You asked how much longer you had to live.
And they told you, well, days, if not weeks.
And that was what, 20 months ago or?

[SPEAKER_14]
Yes.
Yes.

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah, go ahead.

[SPEAKER_14]
At what point?
During that conversation with the doctor, I said something about plans and he commented, your only long-term goal is to make it to your next appointment, which was a week away.
And I was like, am I living week to week?
And he's like, no, you're squeaking by day to day.
I'm trying to get you to week to week.

[SPEAKER_00]
Wow.

[SPEAKER_14]
which was kind of news to me even.
And I was just like, well, that's not good.
And he's like, no, it's not good at all.
So yeah, I was, I was even in worse shape, I guess, than I knew what I knew, but I'm still here.

[SPEAKER_16]
You're still here.
You're dancing.

[SPEAKER_14]
I do go dancing.

[SPEAKER_16]
You do go dancing.
And, and, you know, for me, what makes me so sad is that you,
having had terminal cancer and tumors in your pelvis, your spine, your brain all over your body, here you are having to drive eight hours to Tennessee to get a safe and effective anti-inflammatory, anti-tumor medication.
just blows my mind.
And in all transparency, you are taking other, why don't you tell us about some of the other things that you're combining with your ivermectin?
Because for me, it's such a story of hope.
And with all these people, I've got personal friends who are young in their early 40s, dying of cancer.
We have vaccine injured that have cancer.
So your story is just such a beautiful story of hope not giving up.
And then also we want to hear from Dr. Merrick about what he's going to be doing.
next, which is so exciting.
But yeah, what else are you taking, Paul?

[SPEAKER_14]
One of the biggest things I did was cut out sugar as much as possible.
I eat very little sugar anymore.
And I take the ivermectin, I take my bintazole, I take mushroom, ground mushroom, shaggle mushroom,
That's claims to have some antioxidant, you know, properties to it.
I take ground flax seed.
So I take a lot of a lot of alternative type things in it, you know,
The mainstream doctors have kind of finished what they can for me.
I can't get any more radiation treatments.
I can't get any more chemo.
I get hormone shots still.
And I take a hormone drug daily.
But everything else is what's being suggested to me from Dr. Ruddy or doing research and stuff like that.
So here in St. Louis area, it was impossible to find a doctor to prescribe ivermectin.
And it was basically impossible to find a pharmacy that wouldn't even fill that prescription, even if you could find a doctor to prescribe it to you.

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah.
So you had to drive four and a half hours each way to go so that you could, and, and they probably had a limit on how much purchase.

[SPEAKER_14]
So how often they did, they would.
They would sell it as a propylactic for COVID.
So they would give you enough capsules to take two capsules a week for three months.
And I needed quite a bit more than that.
So I had some friends that also had a prescription that I would pick up and I was able to get enough pills that I could kind of divide them up.

[SPEAKER_16]
and take it take enough every day but uh now that I get them through indium art I'm about 24 milligrams or so a day yeah it just it makes me so sad paul that you know for such a safe drug here they would have no problem putting what they did they they referred you to hospice which they'd give you fentanyl they'd give you morphine they'd give you you know
sedatives and harmful drugs and a way to basically end your life as comfortably as possible.
And here you're wanting to just take these safe and effective, potentially life changing medications.
And here you are, you know, you were living day by day and 20 months later, I got to meet you and you're here and you're dancing and you're just, you know, a ray of sunshine for all of us.
And you give so many people hope.
which is important.

[SPEAKER_14]
For the first time in a couple of years, I'm actually kind of making plans a few months in the future.
For a while, I was just living day to day, and I made no plans for the future.
And now I'm back to not years out, but months out.

[SPEAKER_08]
And you are back to work, Paul.
Is that not correct?

[SPEAKER_14]
Yes.
I am at work.
Wow.

[SPEAKER_16]
I remember Dr. Merrick at the conference, you got quite emotional when Paul got up there.
Because you're such a teddy bear and such a sweetheart.
And so when Paul got up there to speak, the first person I looked at was you, Dr. Merrick.
And I could just see your face full of emotion and tears and just so much happiness at the success.
And just having you there, Paul, at the conference was
Really, for me, in my opinion, you and the other little girl that had the amazing victory who was in the wheelchair, that was the highlight of FLCCC for me.
So thank you so much for being brave and sharing your story and giving others hope.

[SPEAKER_08]
I think it highlights what a truly astonishing drug this is.
This is a product of nature.
It was not manufactured in a laboratory.
This was found in the soil in a golf course in Japan.
This is produced by a bacterium and is a product of nature.
It has anti-parasitic activity but is very effective against a range of
RNA viruses, and it has very important anti-inflammatory effects.
And as obviously we've now discovered with Mr. Mann that ivermectin is very effective against cancers, a whole host of cancers.
In fact, almost all cancers
And it has specific biological properties that interfere with the biochemical pathways in the cancer cell, causing the cancer cells to die, causing cancer cells basically to stop proliferating.
It affects the microenvironment of the tumor.
it affects the cancer stem cell.
So it has, they're probably about 16 or 18 different pathways through which ivermectin has anti-cancer activity.
And so that is really exciting.
And it has the potential to be used in all patients with cancer.
So, you know, as, you know, Mr. Mann may still get conventional therapy.
And if patients still want to get conventional therapy,
There's absolutely no reason that you can't use adjunctive medications such as ivermectin, vitamin D, melatonin.
There are a host of repurposed drugs that are very effective against cancer.
And importantly, as Mr. Mann said, is that metabolic control is very important because cancer cells feed on glucose and sugar.
And so that was really smart of him.
It was probably Dr. Raddy, or through his research, that he figured out that patients with cancer really need to limit the intake of glucose and sugar.
And so, you know, there's really good data that ketogenic diets are really very effective.
So you combine a ketogenic diet together with either macden, vitamin D, melatonin, green tea.
He's a potent, he's a potent attack on cancer.

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_10]
And Paul, I understand you're doing some sort of trial now with this information.
Is that correct?

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, so thanks to Dr. ready.
Actually, we doing a observational study.
So there were a number of physicians in the country that are using a number of repurposed drugs to treat cancer.
So it's an observational study.
There's no single protocol that's used on all patients.
It's very individualized according to the patient's own preferences and the physician's preferences.
And so basically we're just collecting data and looking at what's happening.
So it's really very exciting because hopefully we'll be able to show that other Mectin, which is the prime therapy, will have a
a significant impact on the course of this disease, much as it has in Mr. Mann's case.

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah.
And we need this so desperately because as we see in the news, I mean, I think it's one of the few things that I believe that the media tells us is that cancer is on the rise.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, especially amongst young people.

[SPEAKER_16]
Young people under 50 for sure.

[SPEAKER_08]
And why do you think that is Angela and Livio?

[SPEAKER_10]
There is this product that came out in 2021 that they forced people to take an injectable.
I think that might have something to do with it.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, it probably has something to do with it.
And because there's been a massive spike, spike being the operative word in the risk or the escalation of cancers, particularly in young people in 21, 22, 23, this explosion of cancers, particularly colorectal cancer, uterine cancer, pancreatic cancer in young people.
And so
And there are multiple mechanisms by which the jab has been implicated in carcinogenesis.
So this is not a fantasy.
People think this is conspiracy theory again.

[SPEAKER_10]
Mary, are you seeing some of this in your practice arise in cancer patients?

[SPEAKER_17]
I don't see a lot of cancer patients.
I do so much respiratory.
I attract the people that
I have seen a few, but I haven't seen an explosion like what other people are seeing.
And I've had just a couple of patients take ivermectin as a supplement to their cancer treatment, and they've done well, but I don't have extensive experience.

[SPEAKER_10]
I have anecdotal evidence, no less than three, three different friends.
They're younger than me.
I'm 55.
And they fairly recently within the last year went for routine physicals and we're like, Oh, you, you have aggressive stage four cancer and they're all in chemo now and going through the process.
And it's been difficult uphill battle.
There doesn't seem to be a like Paul.
recovery yet for them.
In fact, they've been given like two years if they follow the radiation chemo treatment and I'm left with stories like Paul's and others and if I say something to them, even then they're not at the point yet that they're willing to try anything, which is startling to me.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, I think it's a tragedy, as you say, because I think patients need to be educated as well as physicians.
So we're not saying abandon all your chemotherapy.
I mean, if you still want to get chemotherapy, that's fine, but these drugs are very safe.
As Mary said, Ivermectin is
Incredibly safe.
And so there's no reason that patients with cancer can't adjunctively take other Mac vitamin D and some of these other repurposed drugs.
And so that's our goal is to, you know, hopefully through programs like yours and through the media and social media is to make people more aware that they do have alternatives and patients can be empowered.

[SPEAKER_16]
You've put together an amazing protocol.
You know, I know you worked so hard on that, Paul, Dr. Merrick, the cancer protocol, which is on the website, the FLCC website.
So I think everybody should have that in their back pocket.
And even just prophylactically doing some of those things like cutting back on sugar and getting rest and taking melatonin and making sure your vitamin D levels are up and eating
non GMO foods and organic, if possible, just all of these things.
I think we have to be proactive and help us prevent from getting cancer, especially those of us who've been vaccinated.
So I love the protocol, you know, I just, I actually look at it and just see what other lifestyle choices I can make to shift, you know, what I'm doing because we, I don't want to be one of those statistics.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.
And I think, you know, Paul Mann is a walking example that, um, you know, this is not conspiracy theory.
This is, this is science.
And this is based on good science.
And you can see how well he has done.
And there are hundreds of patients like him.
So, you know, we, we hoping that, you know,
that more people will become aware that there are alternatives to conventional chemo and radiation therapy, which is very toxic.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.
Absolutely.
Well, what do you say we move on to Q&A from the audience?
I just want to remind people if you have questions and I've seen many put in all caps question and put your question and who you're directing it to in the rumble chat.
So it's easy for our team to spot them.
And again, if you're able to make a donation with your question via rumble, click on the rumble rants and we'll prioritize those questions to show our appreciation.
So let me go to the Q and a list.
And I'm going to start with, um, let's start with Dr. Bowden from pickles VV eight.
Love that name.
Where to get Ivermectin for non-vaxxed, but shatter receivers.
I'm not sure how to phrase that any differently.

[SPEAKER_17]
Well, I guess it depends on which state you're in, but myfreedoctor.com has like-minded positions in all 50 states that do text or telemed, and it's free.
They rely on donations to stay afloat, but there's no obligation.
And then they can usually find a pharmacy near you.
I can't specifically say go to India, but I have lots of patients that do go to India, like Mr. Mann.
So, but, you know, it's, it's accessible.
I would probably just start with myfreedoctor.com.
If you don't have a doctor that will prescribe it.

[SPEAKER_16]
And feel free to reach out to me as well, nurseangelaatvaxsafety.org, because I have lots of options for getting Evermectin, especially here in California, where it was a lot more difficult to get it.
I have.
I have doctors in every state that can prescribe it.

[SPEAKER_08]
So I think, you know, contacting people like Angela helps.
And then obviously, like Mr. Mann is doing, that there are compounding pharmacies in India that are very reputable, that provide high quality overmectin.
And you don't, you don't need a prescription to you, Mr. Mann.
You do not.
So it makes it quite, quite accessible and it is high quality.
So people don't really need to be concerned about the quality of the medication.

[SPEAKER_10]
I'm going to follow up with a question from Bell CM1.
How much should we take prophylactically?
And I'll say that I took it prophylactically for at least a year and a half.
And I never got the COVID and I didn't get the injectable.
I'm one of those rare people.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yes, so that's a good question.
And so, you know, and by prophylaxis, I mean, I presume they mean to prevent COVID-19.
And so COVID, you know, obviously, the threat of the virus is going away.
Omicron is obviously less pathogenic than the previous variants.
So it depends on your risk factor and your risk tolerance.
Um, but for a general person, you know, 12 to 18 milligrams once or twice a week if they had high risk.
So what I do is when I travel, obviously being exposed to a lot of people before I go, I take 18 milligrams of, of I'm over mectin.
But I think it depends upon your particular, you know, risk and your, um, and your threshold.

[SPEAKER_10]
Question for Paul Mann from T-L-E-I-G-H-R. Did you take the COVID vaccine?

[SPEAKER_14]
I did.
I waited until the very end.
I'm a civilian federal employee.
We were mandated.
I waited until the very, very end.
You had to be completely vaccinated by October 1 or something, October 12, some date like that.
So I waited until the very end because they were making it perfectly clear that you were going to lose your job.
Uh, you couldn't go become a contractor.
They were all forced to, they were saying any company with a hundred or more employees, everyone was going to have to get, uh, vaccinated.
And, uh, I really put a lot of thought into it.
I did not want to, you know, I waited until the very end and I made the wrong decision.

[SPEAKER_10]
And did you get a booster as well?
How many?
No, no boosters.
Which one did you get if you don't mind me asking?

[SPEAKER_14]
I got the Pfizer.

[SPEAKER_10]
And you were perfectly fine for the most part before that?

[SPEAKER_14]
I was.
I'd had a physical April of 2001.
And then I was fine.
I was forced to, I submitted to being forced to take the vaccine September.
of 21 and in June 3rd of 22 I was diagnosed I was completely as one doctor said you know you're completely full of very advanced it's like you're beyond any kind of surgery and any treatments really.

[SPEAKER_16]
Paul you are a marathon runner you've run multiple marathons in your life I mean you're like the you know and
And clearly you're very strong, you're strong physically and you're strong mentally because I love what you have on your wrist.
I mean, I think that is so motivating and it's what you looked at when you were in the hospital not doing so well.
It's like that's your, he's got these two tattoos, one on each wrist that have just beautiful motivational writings that he could
look at and keep him going.

[SPEAKER_14]
One says he believed he could.
So he did.
And the other one says, I won't give up.
I won't give in.
And that's the one that saved my life.
I was in the hospital.
They didn't think I was going to last.
I thought I wasn't going to last.
is really hard and the thoughts of just giving up kind of do cross your mind.
And I thought, you know, I can't give up.
I literally have it inked on my arm that I won't, you know, so I kind of credit getting that tattoo with actually, you know, keeping my mind from giving up.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_08]
I see some of the questions of what dose of Ivermectin for cancer.
Right.
It's something that we're looking at.
But we think, you know, a dose of 12 to 18 to 24 milligrams is probably adequate.
You don't really need massively high dose.
What dose do you take, Paul?

[SPEAKER_14]
I take two 12 milligram tablets twice a day.
Yeah, so it's 24.
Someone told me that it might not be exactly 12 milligrams in each tablet, but they're close enough.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, so we think that the dose is somewhere between 12 to 24 milligrams in that range.
Obviously, we need more data, but it's not the massive doses that some people are suggesting.

[SPEAKER_10]
So you think I should start taking it prophylactically, Paul, for cancer prevention?

[SPEAKER_08]
No.

[SPEAKER_10]
Just making sure.

[SPEAKER_08]
So there are other things that you should be doing, vitamin G, exercise, omega-3s, good diet.
That I need to exercise more.

[SPEAKER_10]
That's for sure.
Yeah.
Um, question for you, Paul, from Bobo lives here.
Can you please compare the Western COVID shots to the Russian Sputnik COVID shot?
This will really provide crucial information to the world.
Also can add the childhood vaccine comparisons.
If you haven't answered to that.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, I think the Russian Sputnik is an antigen test rather messenger RNA form platform.
If I understand it correctly, you know, obviously because it's unavailable here, you know, we don't get much access, but that's what I suspect that it's it's not an RNA platform.
It's an antigen platform.
Do you know Angela or Mary?

[SPEAKER_16]
I don't.
Do you know Mary?
I don't know.

[SPEAKER_10]
All right.
Um, let's go to the next one from, this is for Dr. Bowden from KRW RN.
Does this open up the avenue for class action lawsuits?
This is the lawsuit you were just in.
Does this open up the avenue for class action lawsuits on the FDA and state medical and pharmacy boards?

[SPEAKER_17]
Well, if they take my license, I'm going to law school, and then I can answer that, but I'm not sure.
It seems like you could use this case as a springboard for other cases.
But again, I honestly don't know for sure.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, so it's a good question.
I think as Mary said, I think it can be used as evidence for cases going forward, but in terms of class action lawsuits, I think it's, you know, the government is so protected that I think it's, it's very, you know, with all with the, they're so shielded.
I think it's very difficult to, to, to embark on class action suits.

[SPEAKER_10]
Mary, is your, are they going to take away your license, that actual threat right now for you?

[SPEAKER_17]
Well, I just have to decide.
I mean, I have this administrative state, state office administrative hearing.
So it's like the next level up.
It's a five day trial.
And if I lose, I have to decide I'm going to accept that or, you know, I don't know what I'm going to do.
I just,
Yeah, I'm trying to fight until they dismiss all the charges.

[SPEAKER_10]
I'm going to follow up with the case from, uh, this is probably for both of you from an Alaskan.
Why did the lower court throw it out the case out?
And then why did the appellate court reverse it?

[SPEAKER_08]
You want to answer that, Perry?

[SPEAKER_17]
They threw it out on sovereign immunity, which basically means if the government is working within the realm of what they're allowed to do, so each agency has things that they are allowed to do, if they are working within those boundaries, you cannot see them.
So that's what the lower court decided, yes, FDA was working within their boundaries, and so we're just missing the case.
So then we went to the appellate court and they said, actually the lower court was wrong.
So they don't have sovereign immunity.
They were acting outside of those boundaries.
And so then it went back to district court.
And then the next hurdle, so then the government appealed again, appeal might not be the right term, but they fought back saying that we don't have standing.
So standing means that, okay, well, FDA may have done all this stuff, but it doesn't really affect the plaintiffs directly.
So we had to prove standing.
So once we got through that, then the FDA got scared and wanted to settle.

[SPEAKER_10]
Uh huh.
Well, it's going to continue.
It would be interesting though to see you as a lawyer.
Question for Dr. Merrick from DR. Laura.
How is Dr. Stone?
This is referring, she was in the video that we showed earlier.
Did she survive the attacks on her license?

[SPEAKER_08]
As I understand, she's still, they're still attacking her.
So the attacks, as Mary knows, these things get drawn out for a long time.
So as I understand, her case has not been resolved yet.

[SPEAKER_10]
Thank you for that question for Paul Mann from Jeannie.
What were some of the immediate positive physical effects you witnessed in yourself when you started with Ivermectin?

[SPEAKER_14]
I think it took a while to...
to dawn that I was getting better.
But I was at more stamina, more strength, just feeling better day to day.
I feel better now than I have in a really long time.
I still have a lot of cancer in me.
I'm still stage four.
It's across my, oops, sorry.
It's across my pelvis, up my spine, the sternum in the shoulder, in the ribs.
I feel better than I have in a long time.
We'll know in May 20th, I get a whole bunch of full body scans, and we'll know then that they'll be the first full body scans I've had in nine months.
So we'll get a good idea on how, if I were Mectin, you know, hopefully he's been doing its job.
So I look forward to that actually.

[SPEAKER_16]
The fact that you feel good is such a great sign, you know,
And just being able to put on weight.

[SPEAKER_14]
Everyone's a lot of people tell me, you know, for a while.
I was a kind of a concrete gray color.
My coloring's kind of come back.
I've I've started gaining weight again so

[SPEAKER_16]
You look fantastic.

[SPEAKER_08]
Unfortunately, I have to jump off if that's okay with you guys.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, I think we've pretty much reached the end of the line.
So I know Mary also probably has to go shortly.
So I'm going to leave it at.
Can I ask one more question before you go, Paul?
Because this could be for you and Mary.
And this is from Uli on Web.
Ivermectin also helped me with the flu after taking Ivermectin.
My fever was gone.
Was that a coincidence?
Or does Ivermectin also help with other viruses?
Is it also a protease inhibitor?

[SPEAKER_08]
Yes, that's a good question.
The influenza is an RNA virus, so we do know that ivermectin is effective against a whole bunch of RNA viruses, zika virus, chicken gunia virus, influenza virus.
So it likely was worked against influenza.
It is a truly multi-purpose miraculous drug.
And I think, you know, you just have to look at Paul Mann and I think one can see what a fantastic drug this is.

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah.
Thank you so much, Paul, for coming on.
This was such last minute.
I mean, we literally asked, I thought about you, I think about you every day ever since that fell.
See, I think about you every day.
And, um, you know, when I reached out to Dr. Merrick last night and said, Hey, we've got to bring him on.
Like we're talking about Ivermectin.
This is such a beautiful story of hope.
Um, you know, I thank you so much for your time and for, for coming on.
And thank you so much, Dr. Bowden and Dr. Merrick for being warriors and
For being, the two of you are truly an example of what all doctors should be like.
You know, all doctors should look up to you.
You guys went into medicine for the right reasons.
and you put patients first, you don't care about the profits.
You both have lost so much to fight and do what you do and all this traveling.
And anytime I ask you guys, I literally, Dr. Bowden, we were just in Vegas and she got off the stage and I walked over to her and I said, Dr. Bowden, how do you feel about traveling to Washington DC next week and being outside in front of the steps fighting for a free speech?
And she's like, sure, okay, I've just been traveling, you know,
nonstop.
And I know you have a family and children.
And so I just really thank you so much for all, all that you do.
It means so much to us.
So thank you.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.
Thank you both.
And Paul, man, thank you and continued recovery in, in your cancer treatment.
And Mary, thank you so much for your time and your bravery.
And Paul, I'll see you next Wednesday.

[SPEAKER_08]
Thank you, Angela, and thank you, Levio, for putting this on.
It's been great.
And thanks, Mr. Mann and Mary.
And so I'm going to say that you fare well.
So thank you.

[SPEAKER_16]
Thank you.
Good night.
Congratulations.
Congratulations on the win.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, congrats.
Okay, everyone stay stay with us.
We got a few announcements to make.
Angela, that was an incredible conversation.
I'm just the bravery of these of the doctors and Paul man to share his story with us and continue the fight after literally literally being left for for debt.

[SPEAKER_16]
Yes, he was.
He was given the option of hospice.
And now he's, you know, when he was up there on stage telling us, and he looks fantastic, by the way, when you see him in person, he looks fantastic.
And hearing that he's dancing and he's, you know, living every single day as we should be.
And so just a beautiful story of what repurposed drugs can do.
And so, yeah.

[SPEAKER_10]
He's an inspiration.
And I want to send this to all the deniers and to the people that are still writing hit pieces on Ivermectin when we have so many success stories, yours truly included.
A couple of announcements.
We are not having Twitter Spaces this evening, so you can have the night off after that.
I want to also share
that we're saying this again.
This is an important request for support for VSRF Live that we depend solely on your donations, on public donations to bring you this weekly show, and we need your financial support.
And tonight we are introducing a new segment as well where we highlight our donation heroes here at VSRF.
Many of you choose, let me pop this on the screen over here.
Many of you choose to remain anonymous, but we want to tell their stories of their incredible generosity and thoughtfulness as they support this team's efforts at VSRF.
So tonight we'd like to introduce our first donor spotlight, KS, from Rochester, New York.
KS wrote to us recently and said, I have no family and no friends that need money.
So I'm going to leave in my will the three most important groups to me that have gotten everyone through the pandemic.
the people who put their necks on the line.
My contribution will be modest, but at least it's something.
Lord knows you guys deserve it.
Wow.
Thank you, KS, for your kind words and unforgettable generosity.
God bless.
And yes, thank you.
And so for the rest of our audience willing to contribute tonight,
You can make a direct donation by simply texting VSRF to 53-555.
Again, our goal for tonight and each show down the road is $5,000.
And please remember, no donation is too small.
Together, we can preserve health freedom for generations to come.
And even if you can't donate, we're still glad that you're here with us weekend and week out.

[SPEAKER_16]
And we'll be back next week with Steve.
Steve is so sorry that he had to miss this episode.
He's actually traveling as we speak.
So I know he's sad not to be here, but we will look forward to having him back with us next week.

[SPEAKER_10]
Absolutely.
And last week I made a mistake in sharing the wrong turtles all the way down book, Steve.
So I'm going to show the correct version this week and the turtles all the way down is now available as an audio book and is currently on sale on Amazon.
If you haven't listened to it, here's your chance.
And if you order the audiobook, 10% of the proceeds goes to VSRF.
And this is the correct one.
Not the one I flashed last week.
And another way to help us is if you go to our swag shop at supportvaxsafety.myshopify or just go to vaxsafety.org and click on the shop.
button and you can get all the great, wonderful gear.
I almost wore my misinformation super spreader shirt tonight, but then it looked too black.
So I, I changed it at the last minute.

[SPEAKER_16]
I like my DTM one.
This is also one of my favorites because it, it reminds me of meeting all these wonderful doctors.
That was the first time that we all actually got to be together.
So I love it.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, there's the mug and I got a sticker when we were in Vegas.
So yeah, the DTM one is pretty awesome.
And then also next week we have
On April 4th, we'll have film director John Davidson, his new film, Epidemic of Fraud explores the bizarre media, medical and partisan political attacks levied against a class of ancient medications.
John has devoted the last four years investigating medical fraud around COVID to tell the story.
It's going to be an awesome discussion.
And, you know, I love talking to filmmakers, Angela.
So, and we'll have Steve back.

[SPEAKER_16]
And I think he used to work for CNN as well.
He worked for, you know, he, he, he was on that side of history and now he's gone over to the dark side like us.

[SPEAKER_10]
That's right.
So, uh, I look forward to that.
If, uh, if you guys, you can watch the film, I believe on YouTube, um, and we're going to close out with the trailer.
uh, from epidemic of fraud, um, Angela, it's been awesome.
As always sharing the show with you tonight.
Thank you for being here.

[SPEAKER_16]
Yes.
Thank you so much.
So great to see you, Olivia.
And looking forward to seeing you next week.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, you too.
And for everyone out there, thank you.
Have a great rest of your evening.
Thank you to those of you who have donated to VSRF and, uh, we will see you next week.
Here is the trailer for epidemic of fraud.

[SPEAKER_07]
Many doctors are actually working in employed positions and they were told, if you use these drugs, you probably will be fired.

[SPEAKER_29]
This is something that could have ended the pandemic if people had understood it and has said it's being suppressed.

[SPEAKER_12]
In such a violation, I have to stress has never occurred before for any medication ever.

[SPEAKER_08]
The federal government is incentivizing hospitals to prescribe a medication which is toxic.

[SPEAKER_23]
This is a study designed by the World Health Organization that is not only designed to fail, it's designed to kill.
Guess what they did?
They gave her a five-day cycle, and my mom is dead.

[SPEAKER_25]
Is this about money?
Because if it's about money, then it's disgusting that we killed a person for the price of a stock.

[SPEAKER_30]
Academic medicine is committing a fraud, is committing, I think, a crime against humanity.
And if you ask me, this isn't a hospital, this is a concentration camp.

[SPEAKER_24]
I've interviewed doctors, nurses, vaccine injured, malpractice survivors, and even interacted with heads of the FDA.
And my work has been repeatedly censored.
What I've found is an unholy alliance of public, private, and political groups that seem hell-bent on turning all of us into lab rats.

[SPEAKER_18]
There's something that has gone wrong here.
History is unforgiving.
It will become very clear very soon who was on the right side of history, who was on the wrong side of history.

[SPEAKER_24]
My name is John and I am a storyteller and this is kind of my story.
