[SPEAKER_02]
Ladies and gentlemen, I'd like to bring to the stage right now, the music behind the movie, Plandemic, the real Deepak!
Give it up!

[SPEAKER_05]
What's going on, everybody?
Make some noise, LA!
It's good to be here with you.

[SPEAKER_07]
Put your arms in the sky for freedom.
Put your arms in the sky for freedom.
Put your arms in the sky for freedom.
Who are you gonna believe in now, now?
Don't you see where it's leading?
Haven't you had enough?
Pain without a reason why?
Love sown as trees and cries.
Here we can all see you bleeding for freedom.
Don't wanna see another battlefield for a chosen son Another bed of ashes for the missing ones Game to God's corner with the loaded gun Was it for nothing?
Now it's up to you to take the wild heart And holy
It's not the real thing, don't you know?
We can't stand this way for nothing, no And go sailing into the sun
So choose on your colors and you put them on.
We'll see who you are when you're standing strong.
A king of the moment honors everyone.
I honor everyone.

[SPEAKER_06]
And now it's up to you today.

[SPEAKER_07]
It's not the real thing, let it go It's not the real thing, don't you know It's not the real thing, let it go
It's not the real thing, don't you know?

[SPEAKER_06]
When you find it, don't deny it Cause it's always been a story Gonna face it, can you make it?
Take a chance, now this is who we are When you find it, don't deny it
Cause it's always been your story Turn and face it, can you make it?
Take a chance, now this is who we are
When you find it, don't deny it Cause it's always been your story Turn and face it, can you make it Take a chance, now this is who we are When you find it, don't deny it
Cause it's always been your story Turn and face it, can you make it Take a chance, now this is who we are Make some noise, Los Angeles, everybody!
Put your arms in the sky for freedom Put your arms in the sky for freedom Put your arms in the sky for freedom Put your arms in the sky for freedom
Make some noise, Los Angeles.
Let me hear you.
It's good to be here, everybody.
My name is Deepak.
It's been a beautiful day.
Amazing speakers, doctors, people that have been injured, all of you representing freedom.
We're all here as one human race, one people.
Make some noise.
Sing with me.
One, two, here we go.
We are freedom.
We are freedom, we are freedom, we are freedom.
Sing it with me.
We are freedom, we are freedom, we are freedom, we are freedom, we are freedom.
Make some noise, everybody.
Thank you all so much.
It's been an honor to be here with you once again.
My name is Deepak.
And stay free, people.
That's all you got is your heart, your soul, and your freedom.
So make sure you hold onto that tight.
Share it with the world.
Lead by example.
One love.
Peace out, y'all.

[SPEAKER_16]
Good evening and welcome to another important episode of VSRF Live.
I'm Livio Sanchez and I'm honored to be here with you all tonight.
We have an urgent and critical episode this evening.
We're hosting a fun but seriously necessary fundraiser to raise funds for VSRF.
we can continue our crucial operations into 2025.
We have many of our good friends joining us this evening, the one and only JP Sears, the fabulous Mickey Willis, and the multi-talented artist Deepak, whom you just saw in the intro video, performing at Defeat the Mandates Live in Los Angeles.
We'll be on later again to perform for us live.
and possible additional surprise guests might show up later on this evening.
We also have prizes.
If you donate $25 in the Super Chat, we'll get your guest questions answered live.
So type all caps question, and if you can donate 25, we'll ask questions to any of our guests.
You can also get this really great t-shirt that was made for tonight.
I'm gonna show this right now.
If you donate $125, you'll get this Staying Alive shirt.
And if you donate $1,000, you'll get to play 18 holes of golf at Steve's Country Club in Palo Alto with Steve, JP Sears, and Mickey Willis.
I wish I could make that foursome.
The date to be determined in June, so if you love golf, definitely hit that one.
And now I want to introduce and bring on the man who's made VSRF possible, our founder, Steve Kirsch.
Welcome to VSRF Live.
Steve, how are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_19]
I'm good.
I recovered from my technical error.
Couldn't figure out why my camera wasn't working.

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah, I think a hairy feline had something to do with tripping some buttons.

[SPEAKER_19]
A cat ran over my ATEM Mini and pushed the number two button.
It's supposed to be on number one.
So my black magic camera, the red light never turned on.
I thought it was a camera problem.

[SPEAKER_16]
Well, you look much better than the color bars we had on earlier.
So we're going to have a fun show, but also a serious show.
This is a critical time.
In history, actually, there's so much going on in the world and especially in the story of the vaccines and COVID and the vaccine injured and all the work we've been doing.
Right now, it seems like it's common knowledge and some actors are out there
trying to take over the story.
But we're at a critical juncture right now as far as our fundraising effort is concerned.
And we really need our audience's help in helping us continue throughout the year and into 2025.
But Steve, I want to give the floor to you and give you an opportunity to express how important the work you've done, we've done over the past several years.

[SPEAKER_19]
Yeah, this problem isn't going to solve itself.
There are deep-pocketed special interests that have an agenda to keep their business, which is unfortunate, not in the public's best interest.
And the unfortunate thing is that the lawmakers who would be allocating money to fight this or to pass laws to correct it
I have not been convinced.
And so it's up to us to do that.
And we need to continue the fight.
And in order to continue the fight, we need to have the funds available to do that.
And your support is essential to making sure that we're able to do that.

[SPEAKER_16]
I want to show a quick little video that basically goes over so many of the different events and people that we've helped fund throughout the existence of VSRF and a lot of it with your support, Steve.
I mean, it's been, to use Paul Merrick's word, astonishing how much you've contributed to this health freedom movement.
I'm going to play this little video real quick.

[UNKNOWN]
you you you
you

[SPEAKER_16]
It's a lot of work that we've contributed to.
And if you're wondering how to donate, just go ahead and text VSRF2024 to 53555 to donate.
That's VSRF2024 to 53555 to donate and help us continue doing the work that we've been doing for these years.
And so without further ado, I actually want to go ahead and bring on our first very special guest tonight.
And I'm just so excited to have these gentlemen here, JP Sears, Mickey Willis and Deepak.
I don't know that I need to read any of your bios.
I think everyone here knows who you are.
So thank you all for being here tonight.

[SPEAKER_18]
Livio, thank you for having us.
Steve, great to see you.
And I really wanted to just say something before Mickey and Deepak had a chance to assert my dominance.
But Manuel are just people I love in this cause.
So thank you for having me on.

[SPEAKER_12]
Thanks, JP.
And I'd like to say, Steve, I'm here because there have been just a handful of people in this movement that have made it move.
And you're one on the very top doing the right things with your with the money that you've earned through your intelligence and through a lot of hard work.
And there are a lot of times when I look around at the state of our nation and the state of our world and I think
Where are the people with great wealth?
There's a lot of people with great wealth serving the dark side.
Where are the great people with the great wealth serving the light side and helping to really make sure that we have a future?
And so you've been one shining example of somebody who's turned your hard-earned fortune into doing a lot of good on this planet.
And you will be remembered in history.
So that's why we're here.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_05]
It's good to be here with you guys.
Deepak here.
Big fans of all you guys and I love playing music and, you know, being able to add art as a part of the movement, movement building through art, because I think that music has an opportunity to really get into people's bones and get into people's souls and really create a subconscious healing experience.
And so I've been honored to be working with Mickey and JP and everybody here for a little while.
We're excited for a plan to make the musical to be coming out too.
We got the LA premiere this Saturday and then on the 25th in LA is Malibu Film Festival.
And then we've got June 15th in Austin, a big, huge
party super party for that and I think it's all you know with the help of you guys in this movement that's spreading of just bringing awareness and truth and just being courageous in a world where you know there's people that don't want you know the truth to get out for whatever reasons they might be and the fact that this group right here is standing strong and I'm honored to be a part of it as well it's a good to be part of team humanity with all of you guys and my brother Mickey here I've known for 15 years and
and slowly getting to meet you guys more and more every time we show up at these amazing events and gatherings.
Defeat the Mandates was that first video.
It was great to see that and everybody was there and that was like a really nice awakening for me to see how much energy there is in this movement.
So yeah, congrats everybody.
Let's keep it going.

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah, it's so great to have all three of you artists here.
I'm just in awe of all the work that you guys have done and continue to do.
And also supporting BSRF tonight, we're also going to contribute a portion of the funds that we raised tonight to Mickey's new project, Bad Medicine.
And I'm sure you guys will talk about that tonight.
And also, Plan-Demic, the musical, we had a chance to go to the premiere in the first screening.
in a private friends and family screening in Las Vegas.
Mickey, it was just so uplifting, actually.
I just loved the change of pace and the music, Deepak, to show the range and the breadth and the scope of the musicality.
It's just wonderful.
I just wanted you guys to run it again.
Well, thank you, Olivia.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, it was therapy for all of us after four plus years of chase and tyranny and revealing the darkest underbelly of humanity.
It was for us, it was a real necessity for us to kind of reboot and to make a film about celebration, about love and about family.
And so we're really, really honored to be sharing that soon with the world.

[SPEAKER_16]
I'm going to step away and let Steve interview you guys for a little bit and then I'll be back a little later to introduce some other guests that will be showing up later this evening.

[SPEAKER_12]
Sounds great.
Thanks, Livio.
Nice to see you, buddy.
And thank you for everything you've done, Livio.

[SPEAKER_19]
Yeah.
So do you guys know who the mystery guest is?
They haven't told me.
I don't know.
Nobody knows.

[SPEAKER_12]
No, nobody knows.
Well kept secret.
Rod Stewart.

[SPEAKER_19]
Yeah, I don't know.

[SPEAKER_12]
Bill Gates.
That would be a surprise.
Kill Bates.
Kill Bates.

[SPEAKER_18]
I would just be a surprise.
Ask if the surprise guest was Fauci.
What would be your questions for him, Steve?

[SPEAKER_19]
Explain the data, you know, I don't want to be a misinformation super spreader, but I look at this data and there's simply no way to explain it.
I mean, that's that's the problem.
And when I ask people to explain it to me, they said, oh, you know, you're an idiot or you don't know what you're talking about.
That's OK.
But just explain to me how this data happens.
And nobody wants to do that.
It's so.
It's like banging your head against a wall.
So I'm hoping that if I were to meet with Fauci, I'm sure he could explain to me why, since the COVID vaccines don't cause like AFib, for example, why are 100% of the reports in the Vera system
associated with the COVID vaccine and not any other vaccine.
100%.
I just finished writing a sub stack on it.
I went through conditions like cardiac arrest, like a heart attack, like stroke.
And these things are like 97% or 100% all associated with the COVID vaccine.
So if the COVID vaccine is just like any other vaccine,
How come all the reports are being associated with it for these conditions?
That's what I would ask him.

[SPEAKER_12]
It's a great question.
It's a good question.

[SPEAKER_18]
It is a great question.
What's the answer, JP?
Well, one, to Steve's question, I'd be curious to hear his answer just like how, because I think Fauci is very creative, just like the lies and like deflecting.
I'd be like, cool, like, let's see what kind of answer he creates.

[SPEAKER_19]
So you want to play Fauci?
I'll play Steve and you can play Fauci and you can see if you can answer that one.

[SPEAKER_12]
Okay, and action.

[SPEAKER_19]
So, Dr. Fauci, it's a pleasure to meet you.
I was wondering, can you explain to me how is it that in the VAERS data, when I look at all sorts of very serious conditions, I find that 100%
of the VAERS reports for these conditions are associated with one vaccine in the entire 35-year history of VAERS.
Only one vaccine is causing all of the events for things like atrial fibrillation, things like Bell's palsy.
How do you explain that if the vaccines are safe?
The COVID vaccines are safe.

[SPEAKER_18]
Well, Steve, you are completely, utterly and completely also incorrect.
Theirs is a conspiracy theory.
It is misinformation.
These vaccines are safe and effective.
That feels good.
Got another one.
Completely look how good a shape I'm in.
Steve, I am the science and you are not the science.
So silence.

[SPEAKER_12]
Mr. Science, I have a question for you.
This is on behalf of all of us conspiracy theorists.
How many times do we need to be correct until the label conspiracy theorists no longer holds?

[SPEAKER_18]
Well, the science says that you have to be correct about 27 million more times before it's statistically relevant.
Right now, you're just nowhere close.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, we're about in the two million zone, so we have a ways to go.
You said 27 million?
Okay, cool.

[SPEAKER_05]
So we're a tenth of the way there, about.

[SPEAKER_18]
By the end of the year, we'll be there.
Once you get there, it'll be time for a new vaccine.
That information will be old science, and the Earth is probably flat based on my science.
I like that.

[SPEAKER_19]
It's good to know.
I'm actually...
Glad that you're not just accepting the mainstream narrative that the you know, the earth is Round and that the earth goes around the Sun.
I mean, so you don't believe any of that stuff then

[SPEAKER_18]
Oh, no, no, no.
Science is science.
By the way, I have to break character for a second and disclaimer, worst Fauci accent impression of all time.
Boy, it feels creepy even just pretending.
Yeah, like my pilot does a pretty good job, right?
It's incredible.
He's got a he does great impressions.
He's got a new great impression of even Bobby Kennedy.
And he loves Bobby Kennedy.
So that's a love but he's he's just a genius.
Hey, by the way, I do want to just the cause of the night.
Obviously it's such a great cause and viewers y'all can see the QR code to scan right on your screen right now to make a node nation.
And by the way, I share my perspective.
We're living in the time of we the people.
No one person is here to be the crusader of the change that we wish to see.
That's the past four years have taught us that we hold the power and we express our power when we come together.
And that's something certainly VSRF and other just amazing organizations have helped facilitate.
So because it's when we come together, that's how we make a difference.
No donation is too small.
$5, $25, $2,500, whatever is in your capacity.
And because for me, it's such an important cause.
I would just like to pledge, if you were at home right now, if you scan the QR code and make a donation, I will not vaccinate myself.
That's my thing.

[SPEAKER_19]
There you go.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_12]
Wow, very brave.

[SPEAKER_19]
How about how much would they have to give right now?
to get a dinner with you?
Where are you based?

[SPEAKER_18]
I'm in Austin, Texas.
Great question.
I mean, I love that.
How much is a dinner with me theoretically worth?
I don't want to under price it, but I don't want to like,
30,000 30,000 30,000.
I'm okay with that.
I was gonna say 2000.
Okay, 2000.
What do you think 2000?
All right, $2,000 first first person to donate 2000.
Are you seeing the donations come in?
Livia is probably saying they were coming in, but then when we just stopped, it's weird.

[SPEAKER_19]
JP can essentially impersonate anybody.
So if you want, you know, Fauci, whoever you wanted to, whoever you want to go to dinner with.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_19]
Yeah.
I don't know about your Mickey Willis impersonation.

[SPEAKER_05]
He's gotten into the cloning thing.
He can become whoever you want for the day.

[SPEAKER_19]
He can do a good FDA official.
I've seen some of his videos on that.
He can play both sides of it, too.

[SPEAKER_16]
I'd like to see if people want to pay a small donation to bring on our first secret guest to interact with you gentlemen.
So I'm just going to do it anyway.
How about that?
I want to introduce our first special secret guest who's sitting backstage and he is one of my heroes.
I got to meet the next guest early on and I can actually attribute
some of my knowledge and some of my not getting vaccinated and the use of ivermectin and other things to help keep me safe and sound and inspired me so much.
So I want to bring on the great Dr. Paul Merrick.
Dr. Paul Merrick, welcome to the SRF Live.

[SPEAKER_03]
Thanks, Nibiru.

[SPEAKER_02]
I'm hardly the mystery guest, so he's a little bit embarrassing.

[SPEAKER_19]
He's not up, Livio.

[SPEAKER_03]
I'm hardly a mystery guest, so it's a little bit awkward for me, but I'll be your mystery guest.
There's not a lot of mystery in what we have to say.
Everything they taught us or everything they taught us was a lie.
That's not a mystery.

[SPEAKER_16]
And also here is nurse Angela is also joining us right now.

[SPEAKER_02]
So, Hey, how are you?

[SPEAKER_03]
You need to do a lot more nursing.

[SPEAKER_04]
She does.
She does plenty, but behind the scenes, behind the scenes, I am a nurse like 24 seven.
I need to, I need one private nurse just for Steve himself.

[SPEAKER_19]
Right.

[SPEAKER_04]
Got to keep healthy and yeah.

[SPEAKER_19]
Yeah.
So Paul, since we have you on, so Paul was kind enough to co-author a paper with me to the editors of JAMA, pointing out that there was a JAMA paper that accidentally showed that, believe it or not, that the COVID vaccines and the flu vaccines don't work at all.
They don't keep keep people out of the hospital and I was listening to Paul off it just a few days ago and off it was saying that the the primary focus of the vaccine was to keep people out of the hospital, the ICU and the morgue and this paper basically revealed that.
There's no benefit and it's stunning.
So I wanted to publicly thank Paul for putting his adding his name to the paper and reviewing it and and giving us some comments.

[SPEAKER_03]
So yeah, I mean, I think we've known for the last few seasons that the flu vaccine
actually increases your risk of being hospitalized as compared to getting flu.
And obviously, the risks of Guillain-Barre and other autoimmune disease is quite high.
You know, yeah, I mean, that's kind of published data.
That's kind of known data.

[SPEAKER_19]
So, yeah.
In fact, I found out today, I looked in the vaccine injury table.
So there's this program called the VIP and it has these tables.
And if you're listed in one of these tables, then it's a straight shot to get compensation in the VIP program.
One of the very few
Conditions listed in that table is guion beret and it's associated with the flu vaccine So if you got the flu vaccine and you got guion beret, then the the government will give you I don't know a hundred dollars or something to compensate you for your your paralysis and Um, so it's in the table.
So it's acknowledged and what's stunning Is that I looked in vares and the covet vaccines make the flu vaccines look like rounding error
for guion beret.
So like, they don't acknowledge it.
Nobody acknowledges this.
It's, it's so stunning.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
We're so lucky to have you, Dr. Merrick, because in this movement, I mean, we're all fighting for the same thing.
We want our kids to be healthy.
We want our country to be healthy.
But we're so lucky to have brave doctors like you that risked everything that you risked to actually do the research and to tell the truth and to break the silence.
We really couldn't do it without the researchers.
And you and Pierre have been at the forefront of doing that for us.
So we are so
grateful and you will forever be remembered by everybody for telling the truth and doing the right thing and helping these people.

[SPEAKER_03]
So what you may not know is Pierre and myself defended our ABIM certification revoking exercise last week.
We had an official hearing with ABIM and it was stunning.
The data we presented to them was stunning and overwhelming.
They were kind of left speechless, these ABIM people.
And so now they have a really big problem on their hands.
What do they do with us?
Because if they follow the truth and they acknowledge what we told them, then it means that everything that everybody has said, including Steve Kersh, including Steve Kersh must be true.
And so how do they deal with that?
On the other hand, if they basically say we're misinformationists, then they are basically perpetuating the misinformation themselves and are being completely dishonest and deceitful.
So they have a big problem on what to do.
Hopefully they'll do the right thing.
Because if you look at the data, we spoke on ivermectin and we spoke on the vaccines.
The data is overwhelming.
There isn't a defense that you can mount.
And they had no really good questions to ask us.

[SPEAKER_19]
I was just going to ask, did they have any questions?
And you can't ask them questions, right?
It only goes one way, right?

[SPEAKER_03]
It goes one way, yeah.
They asked both Pierre and I why we want to have our board certification, why we don't want to lose it, which is such a kind of obscene question to ask.
Because we really don't need it.
Pierre doesn't need it and I don't need it.
But it's what it symbolizes is just so important.
It's a very symbolic thing.
And the fact that they
The reason they're taking it away is that they accuse us of being leading misinformationists.
Obviously, we have to defend ourselves.

[SPEAKER_19]
Well, yeah.
I mean, you could say that, no, no, Kirsch is a bigger misinformation super spreader than we are.
We're just little misinformation spreaders.
You should go after Kirsch.
I'll take the fall for you.
But did you record the conversation?
Are you allowed to?

[SPEAKER_03]
No, but I think there will be a transcript made available.
It was a very formal, you know, legal proceeding with lawyers and all, you know, legalese kind of stuff.

[SPEAKER_19]
How long was it?

[SPEAKER_03]
Oh, it went on for a long time.
We started like quarter to one and we finished like 430.
So it was a long proceeding.
My lawyer did a fantastic job.
You know, most times lawyers ramble on, but I gave him the idea of doing a PowerPoint.
So he turned his
his, you know, his, his defense into in a PowerPoint, he did a really good job.
So, you know, so he went and then peer went and then I went, I think they were, you know, blown out of the water.
So we'll see.

[SPEAKER_19]
Wow, I wish we had that, I wish Mickey was there with a camera crew and could capture the whole thing.
That sounds like an awesome three hour movie.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, anything in the future, please reach out to me.
You know, when Steve had a very important speech to deliver at MIT, we sent cameras out there because all of this stuff is a record of history and we'll all wish someday we're looking back that we had this stuff recorded.
So I would be happy to serve your incredibly important work, Dr. Merrick.
So just let me know if you ever need help.
Thanks, Mickey.

[SPEAKER_04]
That's so amazing, Mickey.
You have captured so much of this.
And they're not just documentaries.
It's like you said, it's history.
And you're always there capturing your
with the vaccine injured, you're filming them so many.
I mean, the pandemic, the musical was so refreshing because you do it in such a beautiful way that's just kind of all about love.
And, you know, you don't really tend to all you put is facts and then evidence.
And you do it in such a nice way that even people that are in my family that are pro-vaccine that have seen your films are really blown away and impressed by it.
And you've done such a great job.
portraying all of this and capturing everything.
So it's really important that we support your films and you've got, I mean, the musical was incredible.
We've got Bad Medicine coming out.
We've got Follow the Silenced.
I mean, so many great, great things in the works coming out from you guys.
We're really excited.

[SPEAKER_12]
Well, thank you so much, Angela.
I really appreciate that.
Yeah, we have another four movies coming out this year and we've expanded our team.
I have great filmmakers, Matthew Guthrie and
and uh... a whole crew of people that have come to support this because there's more work than we have time to do because of what's going on in our world and i want to come to parlay that into what the purpose of this call is right now because
We've been able to do a lot.
We're very busy.
We're always juggling multiple projects and phone in one ear, editing in one hand, shooting in the other hand, and just going around the clock.
I mean, this is probably our fourth show that we've done today.
And the reason is because of the urgency and the critical nature of our world right now.
But I want to say this is the reason that our films have broken through this unprecedented censorship
is because 100% of the funding since 2020 has come from the people.
And what that allows us to do is to then have no return on investment.
We don't have to sell it to a Netflix where it gets hidden behind a paywall and only a few thousand people see it if they care to see it.
But we can actually give it to the world, allow the public to own the file, put it on their computer, and then share it.
So it's a people-powered distribution model.
And it's one they can't stop because it's decentralized.
It's like blockchain.
You have a million or so people out in the world sharing it.
Now, if it were only on my website, they'd just shut off my website and it would be over.
But the fact that the people are the ones, that's really who we have to thank because it was the people who stepped forward to donate, to allow us to make films that would cost a few million dollars each on a shoestring.
I think the most we've spent so far on a movie is 600,000 or so.
So we're doing on a micro budget.
That leads us into the purpose of this call right now, because I know there are a lot of people that understand the serious nature that our country is in and how urgent, how critical it is.
And there are a lot of people that are sitting on trust funds and a lot of wealth.
And somehow they think they're protecting it by holding onto and hoarding it.
And the truth of the matter is that if all of us don't get involved, actively involved, and do what Steve did by literally putting
you know, his money where his mouth is, then pretty soon everyone's fortunes will be worth nothing.
The dollar will collapse and everything you think you're saving that nest egg will be gone.
And so this is the moment that the bad actors behind all of these agendas, they can print money and they spend billions of dollars towards this destruction of our, of our nation, of our families, of our way of life and our future and of our lives.
And so it is so important right now that I've been donating to other causes.
We're working on shoestring budgets right now for our movies.
But any chance we get, there was just an event that was about to close down and they put the word out that, listen, we're not going to be able to do this event or we need this amount of money.
Did I have it?
Could I afford it at the moment?
No, but I wrote a check for it.
Because I understand that there's something incredibly powerful within this mysterious thing we call life.
And I find that the more we give, the more we give from a pure place, we're not giving so we can be heroes, we're not giving so that we can create some kind of clout and generosity, like the philanthropists like Bill Gates, right?
They give only so they can ultimately monopolize the world.
If we do it from a pure space,
It comes back twice fold.
I've been proving this over and over and over.
And so this is a call out to the people that are watching this to understand that many of the things you saw at the beginning of this call have been funded by one man.
And that one man, Steve Kirsch, has also funded the movie you just mentioned, Angela, at least half of it, he funded Follow the Silenced.
Very important, epic, epic movie that we're only a couple of months away from finally completing after three years.
An epic story following the people that did the trials, the COVID trials, vaccine trials, were incredibly injured.
And we've been following them for almost three years through their healing journey, watching what happens through the court processes as they seek to find justice.
And it is a gripping portrait of these people who trusted the silence, the science, and then were silenced.
That's why we call it follow the silenced.
Um, and that would not be happening if Steve Kirsch wouldn't have stepped forward.
He, I think it was actually his ID came forward to say, what are we going to do about this?
Do you have time to make a movie about this?
And I, and I usually just say, yes, we'll find time.
We'll find a way to make it happen.
I just trust that somehow it's going to happen.
And so the people that are listening to my voice right now that have shown up because there's some cool people here that we all want to see, don't forget that the site, the reason, the purpose for this is to keep this movement flowing because not one person can sustain this.
for too many years individually, and it's actually not fair.
And it actually won't feel as good when we reach victory if we just let one person carry the bag for this.
When we all come together, the success, the fact that I can say forever that
The plandemic series is the most seen independent film series in history.
And I don't think any movie will ever topple that because, well, let's be honest, we had a captive audience.
Everyone was on lockdowns looking for answers when it happened.
We're never going to allow that to happen again.
But the fact that we can say that we reached, at this point it's at least 1.5 billion people, over one-eighth of our global population, was due to the power of the people.
People putting their money forward, then people being brave enough to share that in the face of rejection, when the world was ready to hate anyone that went against the narrative.
And so we cannot get
you know, think that we're out of the woods yet.
We are reaching a very, very important part.
I coach baseball and my, my, the team that I coach with my sons on it, we just won the championship.

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah.
Congrats.

[SPEAKER_12]
We were totally, thank you.
We were totally undefeated until our second to last game because our team felt like we were unbeatable.
And lo and behold, right during the final game of playoffs, we lost our first game of the season.
We had to come back in a doubleheader.
The boys got humbled and they realized that 11th hour fight is the most important fight.
That's not when you give up.
They thought they had it in the bag and we got our butts kicked.
And we turned around and the same day had a pep talk about how not to get too confident.
And we turned around and ended up winning the entire season.
And I feel like we're in the same ball game right now.
Like we have made so much progress and we are finding justice for innocent victims who have been silenced, the families who have been destroyed, the death of their loved ones, the guilt, the pain that parents and spouses are carrying from making the choice of allowing their loved ones to get vaccinated and now have to live with that decision.
We need to correct this and we will not correct it by just talk.
We need to step forward with our action and put some financial resources into this game.
Keep this movement flowing, which has done so much good.
You guys probably have no idea that are listening to the podcast, how much this organization has done to correct the narrative in our world.
And so that's the last I'll say, please, please be generous and help us keep moving.

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah, and please send your donations.
Text to VSRF 2024 to 53555 to donate.
That's VSRF 2024 to 53555 to donate.
You can text there.
You can also hit the QR code on the screen.
And on Mickey's film that's coming up, we're going to show a long trailer for it at the very end of the broadcast tonight.
So stick around all the way to the end.
And I also want to
also bring up Dr. Paul Merrick, who is one of the brave doctors who two years ago publicly came out and started treating the vaccine injured when you couldn't even talk about whether they were vaccine injured or not.
And one of my contributions was a little video that I put together from that announcement.
It was the FLCCC's iRecover protocol.
And I want to play this for Paul, since you're here, I want to remind you what you did, what you came out to do.
This video I created with you and Pierre, here it comes.

[SPEAKER_06]
Ten minutes is what changed my and my family's life.
Ten minutes.

[SPEAKER_11]
I'm a shell of what I was.

[SPEAKER_06]
I laid in the hospital for five days with no help.

[SPEAKER_08]
and I would be begging them, please help me.
It is not ethical that they sent me home with a walker and an order for a potty chair.

[SPEAKER_11]
And I'm going to show you what it looks like to have an injury and what I have to deal with every single day.

[SPEAKER_02]
My heart.
It's so broken.
I can't keep quiet anymore.
This is a humanitarian crisis.
These people are suffering.
This is real disease.

[SPEAKER_17]
There has to be a recognition of vaccine injury.
There are no vaccine injury clinics and we know there's an epidemic of vaccine injuries.
I mean, these are the most toxic medical interventions known to man.

[SPEAKER_02]
There are millions of people who are suffering.
They're being ignored.
They're not getting treatment and they're suffering.
We know exactly what their diagnosis is.
I know exactly what it is.
I know what it's caused by and I know how to treat it.

[SPEAKER_08]
Humanity can take away that pain.
Morality can take away that pain because what has happened to us is inhumane and it's not moral at all.

[SPEAKER_02]
The NIH said there's no treatment for COVID.
So that's why we put the FLCC together.
And now we're doing the same thing for the vaccine injured because nobody wants to treat them.
So you know what?
We will treat them.

[SPEAKER_15]
It could be you.
It could be your mother.
It could be your child.

[SPEAKER_08]
So what is ethics ethics is four words, do the right thing.
That is what ethics is.

[SPEAKER_16]
That was two years ago, Paul.
And now is when they're finally acknowledging it two years ago.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_12]
Thank you, Livia.
You put that together, Livia.

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_12]
Well done.
Livia is also a fantastic filmmaker.

[SPEAKER_03]
Thank you, Livia.
I think the worst thing about this is the way patients were gaslit.
They were told that this was not real disease.
This was psychosomatic.
I think that was the biggest tragedy is that no one took these patients seriously.
They had these terrible movement disorders and no one believed that they were real.
And I think that was the biggest tragedy.
You saw the stories of these poor people who had been abandoned by the medical system.
And unfortunately, it still continues to this day, you know, because it doesn't fit in with a clean medical diagnosis.
They're labeling these people as, you know, psychiatric disorders, psychosomatic conversion disorder.
And these people are, I mean, angelenosis.
These people are suffering.
And it's real disease.

[SPEAKER_19]
So can we detect this disease today through any kind of tests?
Or are we in the same boat today that we were when the vaccines first rolled out?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, it's a good question, Steve.
There's no good test.
It's a clinical diagnosis.
You need to be, you know, it's not difficult diagnosis to make.
People don't want to ask the question, you know, when were you vaccinated?
What was the relationship between the onset of your symptoms and the vaccine?
That's the that's the most obvious thing and to be a clinician and just have an open mind.
They just don't want to do it.
Unfortunately, there's no really good test.
It would be nice if we could measure spike protein in the blood, but the federal government have done whatever they can to prevent people making that available.
Because I think most people who have been vaccinated would want to know, do they have circulating spike protein?
Because if they do, it significantly increases your risk of organ disease, but they don't want to make that test readily available.

[SPEAKER_04]
No, it's impossible to get, Paul.
I mean, we've talked about this with other doctors, and in fact, we have a case right now.
I'm not going to share too many details, but I'm hoping that this might be a breakthrough case for us.
There is a 22-year-old
boy who is in Australia and he was vaccinated with two doses of Pfizer.
He is a soccer star.
He's at a university playing soccer on a scholarship.
He got Pfizer and
was sick immediately, had shortness of breath, walking upstairs, just all the symptoms that the majority of the vaccine injured have.
And at the five month mark, he was cleared to go back to play soccer.
So he goes and plays soccer and he collapses and he goes into cardiac arrest while playing.
Fortunately, there was a nurse in the field who knew how to work the defibrillator and resuscitated him and brought him back to life.
So for the last two years, he's been suffering, not being able to go back to play sports,
Um, not being able to go back to play, you know, go to school.
And in January, he wasn't feeling good.
And so his dad, who also works at the hospital, took him into the emergency room.
And this 25 year old now was in complete congestive heart failure.
He had to be hooked on life support on a machine called ECMO that works to oxygenate your blood and work as your heart.
And he coded multiple more times and he just had a heart transplant four weeks ago.
And this is a 25 year old who needed a heart transplant and luckily he's doing very well.
But we are working closely with the team there and the pathologist has been great working with us.
to get that heart back to the US because there was no anomalies found in his heart.
This was purely caused by the vaccine.
And what we want is for Dr. Ryan Cole to look at this because all of these athletes, we see it left and right.
And all they keep telling Steve and I is, oh, this happened before.
You guys just didn't notice it now.
And my answer is,
I was in charge of a pediatric ward for 17 years, and I worked as a trauma nurse at a big, huge teaching hospital.
And I can tell you, this is not normal.
We don't see kids collapsing going into cardiac arrest.
So this boy that I'm working with, his parents, who are working on getting that heart from Australia, we've done it before.
We did it from Canada.
We had organ parts delivered from Canada to the US to do the same thing.
Hopefully we will be able to prove that these young, healthy people are dropping dead from the vaccine.
And it is horrific.
And I think too that the times are changing.
I mean, we've had Janet Woodcock come out and apologize, you know, in her kind of half-ass apology.
But we are making a lot of progress.
And in the last couple of years, all of these people on the screen have been
screaming and yelling and fighting and being these heroes, and we're not going to stop.
And we're so grateful to have all of the supporters.
We wouldn't be able to do this alone.
Like Mickey said, we definitely, we all need each other and we need all of the supporters and viewers to get us through this.
So donating means so much to us because even though we've made a lot of progress, we still have, we need to make sure that this never happens to us again.
We need to protect our kids, our grandkids, our family members, and we're warriors.
We're not going to stop.

[SPEAKER_19]
Well said.

[SPEAKER_16]
Well said, Angela.
Thank you.
JP, I wanted to ask you, what keeps you going with your humor through all of this dark stuff going on in the world?
Because you consistently find fresh ways to present all of these different issues in such a humorous way.

[SPEAKER_18]
There's three things that keep me going.
One would be emotion.
So the emotion I felt just watching the FLCC video that you played two, three minutes ago.
that I had tears in my eyes and that's one of the driving factors when I hear stories, reminded of stories or a new case, like the innocent that need to be protected, represented and justice accounted for while making sure it doesn't happen again, the emotions motivate that.
The other thing, number two that motivates me is hope.
We can look at what I would say the corrupt industries, corrupt people have on their side.
It's immense power.
It's so much money, control, media.
But that's nothing compared to what we have on our side.
We have God and we have the people on our side.
So for me, it would be absolutely ridiculous not to have hope.
So that hope fuels me.
The third thing that keeps me motivated is taking action.
It's a very sustainable energy, I have found.
The more action we take as individuals influencing people around us, saying what we think out loud, making donations to great causes, when we take action,
I'll tell you, it feels good.
We want more.
We're feeling the sensation of bettering the world around us, not just bettering ourselves selfishly, like, cool, take care of ourselves.
But it is such a fulfilling feeling to take action, to contribute to the greater good.
And I think that entices my mind, my heart, and I think it does for other people.
So
Emotion, hope and action fuels the heck out of me.

[SPEAKER_12]
I just wanted to jump in.
JP mentioned we have the power of the people.
We've done a lot of deep research into trying to figure out who are these people who are literally consciously at the helm of these agendas, knowing that they're doing harm because the vast majority
are just sucked into a form of collectivism where they're hypnotized and they're just following.
And by all metrics, my research team and several others that we lean on when we want to get really good research have concluded that the people that are actually consciously working to harm us are far less than 10,000 people.
I want this to sink in really deeply.
It's probably closer to five, but let's just give them the benefit of the doubt that there's a lot of people who never know.
Let's just call it 10,000.
We are eight billion.
Like we need to wake up and understand the power that we hold as the people.
That's why they work so hard to control the narrative, the media outlets, to make it appear as if they have all the support.
And they also work very hard to manipulate the support of people who have lost trust in themselves such that they're just looking for someone to tell them what the answers are.
So there's a real calling for us to find true sovereignty and come back into understanding that we're all holographic pieces of the brilliant creation that we call human life.
And when we step into that to understand that even the people that are watching this right now, anyone on this screen, trust me when I say this, we don't have anything special that any of you don't have.
It is just the willingness to step out and to take a few arrows in the back
And to understand the other side of that is an experience that we would never trade for anything.
I have asked the same question to hundreds of people that I've interviewed.
Towards the end of the interview, I ask them, do you regret speaking out?
To date, not one has regretted it.
All I've heard is a few people saying, no, but I wish I would have spoke out sooner.
And so there's something that comes when you say the truth shall set us free, living in truth, knowing that you're on the right side of history and above all the right side of life.
is the most fulfilling, rewarding, and let's face it, as Carl Jung said, we have a crisis of meaning in the world.
That's what's really going on.
People are leading meaningless lives.
They're just working.
They're slaves to the system.
The moment you step into telling the truth and being brave enough to take the resistance that comes with that, then you know what true meaning is.
And so everyone on this call right now has found meaning.
Meaning in supporting, humbly supporting human life,
And it's, but it's very important for us to always keep focus of the fact that we are eight billion strong.
And this little tiny group, I won't even call them elite, but these little tyrants that for whatever reason, because they didn't get enough attention from mom and dad or from the girls in their university or whatever it is, they're on a revenge course to do great damage to all of our lives.
And we have the power to stop them, and we are stopping them.
They are resigning from major corporations.
They are reversing the whole ESG.
If anyone has seen The Great Awakening, you know what ESGs are.
And that whole thing, DEI, all the stuff that is manipulation to force people into a woke mindset is being completely abandoned across the world.
So we're winning on many, many fronts.
But this is a fight that even after we win it and we reverse course, there's still justice to be had.
There's still healing that people need to have.
And there's still a community that needs to give the love,
and respect back to these people who have been totally mistreated and rooted out of our society for simply following the science.
And that's what we're here for today.

[SPEAKER_05]
the feeling that comes through the information channels is that we're alone.
And that's like a big narrative is like, Hey, we're not, there's, you know, it's the idea of strength and numbers is a real thing.
And I think a lot of people have had ideas like this.
Like everyone on here has had an idea of questioning authority sometime in our lives.
When we were kids were questioning authority, even, you know, we grow up, you know, our parents might say something.
We're like, no, you know, and doing that is actually a healthy thing.
We were talking earlier on another interview with high wire earlier about,
the fifth agreement that Don Miguel Ruiz came out with skepticism and then talking about curiosity.
And having curiosity is one of the healthiest values where you're actually questioning things, but a lot of people feel like, hey, I feel like alone in this.
This is what's going on because the media narrative says, no, no, everyone agrees about this.
But the truth is that's not necessarily the case.
So like a lot of people end up quieting their ideas.
They don't speak out because they feel like, oh, I'm not, I'm just, I'm just, it's just me, the little old me.
And as Mickey just pointed out, if there's 8 billion people,
and everyone's made to think they're alone, then we don't realize that we do have the strength in numbers.
Us being here, this is the strength in numbers.
And as we were talking about earlier, when we gathered for Defeat the Mandates, that's an idea of strength in numbers.
When we screen a movie like Plandemic and a billion people are watching it,
or two million are watching it on a live stream, that's strength in numbers.
And so the narrative is telling us the opposite, but the truth is we do have the numbers.
And if we start realizing that even though we may not agree on 100% of the things, that's another part of the narrative.
Hey, if you disagree about one thing, they're your enemy.
Well, the truth is we're not going to agree about 100% of the things, but we might agree on a whole bunch of them.
Just because one thing might be a disagreement doesn't mean we still can't be on team humanity together.
And so that's kind of, you know, the vibe is like, you know, hashtag team humanity.
Let's do this thing.
We've got to strengthen numbers.
Let's keep the narrative going about at least questioning authority and forming communities and resilient communities from the ground up and not giving away our power to authorities out there that aren't here to serve us.
Doctors, you know, that are beautiful out there that are getting silenced because
I mean, back in the day, when the king and the ruler was the one running the narrative back in the day, and the scientists didn't agree with them, they used to behead them.
That's kind of the old school way.
Well, we're doing the same thing now.
The new version of beheading is defunding.
You know, it's the same exact thing.
And so we got to realize that, from the ground up, we do have the power to just create these communities, these decentralized platforms, decentralized information, like we're doing right now, being on this call, being on Rumble.
And that we can actually from the ground up rise up together, which we'll sing about later, by the way, as a little teaser on the lyrics of the song, together we will rise.
But yeah, I just wanted to add that to that.
We do have the strength.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, one more thing I'd like to add to this presentation, too, is when we talk about the power and memory,
We're very divided right now and all by design.
So from COVID was one of the best dividers, the best tools, weapons that I've ever seen used against humanity to divide us.
I've never seen in my living years
Parents that refused to see their newborn grandchildren because their children weren't vaccinated.
Families that were uninvited to Thanksgiving and Christmas and weddings.
I've never seen anything like that in my life.
And then along comes the Palestine, Israel thing, which is now turning everyone that thought they were in the same movement together against each other.
All these ideologies are, we're taking the bait and people are not understanding that they're by design
They're all about having us through ideological extremism to, to turn against each other so that we become very, very isolated.
And so we start to lose hope.
JP mentioned hope.
And I will say that I would like to propose this idea.
I get people come to me sometimes they say, thank you so much.
Your movie gives me hope.
And I say, I'm so sorry to hear that.
And they go, what?
Why?
And I say, because hope implies things might work out.
And I want to give you certainty.
Because when we're in a place of certainty, of understanding that this is what we were born for, we came here for this.
And it's going to get even uglier than it is right now, I guarantee you.
But we are strong enough for it, and we are wise enough for it, and this is the battle that we came here to fight.
We're fighting for our children, fighting for our lives, we're fighting for our freedom, and so many other things.
And so I want to bring people into a place of certainty.
And when you understand historical records of what's happened in the past that's similar to this, the tools we have now, such as the ability to communicate the way we are now, which we've never had in the past before, we have tools and weapons that humanity has never had before that will allow this time in history to not defeat the people.
And but the one thing that we have to do because we're all of us have lost a lot of trust in humanity.
And I go there sometimes because I just can't believe even still after everything that's been shown, it's still mind blowing to me sometimes when I get on certain chats.
And I see that there's still people that think Fauci is an American hero and that warp speed saved a hundred million lives and blah, blah, blah, whatever it is, it's mind boggling.
Like that they're so isolated in their little cubicles of MSNBC and CNN or whatever that they don't even know what's happening in the world around them.
Unfortunately, what it's requiring is direct experience.
And as I'm seeing in the chat here, I've seen several nurses
saying I'm a vaccine-injured nurse raising their hand.
And that's what it takes some time, unfortunately.
But here's the good news.
For me, this is the unifying possibility for us to come back together, because that resentment that we hold for those who shamed us will keep us from reuniting with the human organism.
What we have to remember is this.
Through something that I would call either weaponized morality or weaponized compassion,
The way that they got your loved ones to turn against you was using their heart, literally using how much they care.
If you can convince through repetition, through all the mainstream media outlets, through top doctors like Anthony Fauci and authority figures like this,
If you can convince people that even your brother is doing harm and hurting people, the flip side of it is for a man to turn on his own brother means he must care so much about the lives of others that he would literally risk the relationship with his brother.
That's how much we care about each other.
And they know that, so they turn that against us.
So that we are the people that shamed us and called us crazy people in 2020, 2021 and 2022 thought deeply that they were doing the right thing.
They weren't doing it to try to be evil.
We have to catch on to that game.
Forgive them to the extent that we can.
The Chris Cuomo's of the world.
No forgiveness.
Sorry, buddy.
No matter what you say, no forgiveness.
You know what you're doing and you can you can pander all you want, buddy.
And there's no way in hell we're going to forgive you.
But to your mom and dad, to your neighbors that bought into the narrative and really thought that you were doing the harm and they were trying to help.
We have to understand that in the same way that we would not judge somebody for doing something silly in a hypnotism show, because we know they're under mind control, we have to understand that now let's take that great compassion we hold that actually was used against us so that so many people did the wrong thing.
And let's reactivate that compassion for each other, reactivate our love for life, our commitment to each other, and turn it towards what is right, what is good, what is life supporting.
Absolutely.

[SPEAKER_05]
What do they say?
Attention?
attention goes where energy flows, or is it the other way around?
So if we're putting our attention on the narrative, which he was just talking about, is hypnosis, well NLP, neuro-linguistic programming, is a science of repeating certain phrases to create a change in our brain, and we can use that also for good.
You can actually program affirmations
into our own language.
And if we're putting energy into being a victim and blaming someone else, that's one thing.
But here we're on this call because each of us is empowered to be a leader.
It's not about like, oh, we have our new leader, our new savior, our new politician, our new authority.
No, we can step into that role as individuals, as Team Humanity.
Each of us be leaders and co-lead together and put the energy into that.
and shift out of a victim mentality into an abundance mentality, shift out of a scarcity mentality into pure abundance and joy and, you know, joining together as a team.

[SPEAKER_16]
I have to step in real quick because I know JP has to go.
I also have a couple of questions from the audience for Mickey and then Deepak is going to do a song.
So I just want to thank JP for joining us this evening and for helping us so tremendously and for all the work that you're doing and offer you some parting words before you go JP.

[SPEAKER_18]
Yeah, man, I thought I came to contribute, but the messages I'm hearing, Mickey Deepak, Amen, and the inspiration from the videos, Dr. Paul Merrick online, Angela, Steve, I'm just feeling more filled up.
And part of me sitting here now, like I feel way more inspired than before I got on.
So selfishly, that's what I'm taking away.
And it's kind of like, bring it on, guys.
I think power to the people.
We're ready for it.
And because that's like Mickey said, that's what we're here for.
So my parting words will just be,
For all y'all on screen and all y'all beautiful people at home watching this, it is an absolute pleasure to be on Team Awakened Humanity with you.
So it's an honor to be walking the earth.
We're not done.
We have so much momentum and we're going to keep going.

[SPEAKER_12]
JP, you are one of the most humble heroes I've ever had the honor of calling my friend.
Thank you so much for the continued inspiration that you bring to my life and to my family.

[SPEAKER_05]
You're the man, bro.
We love you, JP.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thank you, JP.
Thank you, JP.
Thank you, JP.
Thank you, JP.

[SPEAKER_18]
Thank you, JP.
Thank you, JP.
Thank you, JP.
Thank you, JP.
Thank you, JP.
Thank you, JP.
Thank you, JP.
Thank you, JP.
Thank you, JP.
Thank you, JP.
Thank you, JP.
Thank you, JP.
Thank you, JP.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thank you, JP.
Thank you, JP.
Thank you, JP.
Thank you, JP.
Thank you, JP.
Thank you, JP.
Thank you, JP.

[SPEAKER_16]
Thank you, JP.
Thank you, JP.
Thank you, JP.
Thank you, JP.
Thank you, JP.
Thank you, JP.
Thank you, JP.
Thank you, JP.
Thank you, JP.
Thank you, JP.
Thank you, JP.
Thank you, JP.
Thank you, JP.
Thank you, JP.
Thank you, JP.
Thank you, JP.
Thank you, JP.
Thank you, JP.
Thank
Mickey, how do you think the RFK Jr.'s campaign is doing?
What do you think about his VP pick?

[SPEAKER_12]
So it's funny because we know we produce some media for Robert Kennedy Jr. and because of that now everywhere I go people are
wanting my take on that.
The VP pick, we were just at an event.
I was next to her, but I've not had the privilege of meeting her.
I've heard wonderful things from people that know her.
I think it's a very interesting pick.
It's not a pick I would have made, just to be perfectly transparent.
And not because of who she is, but I think there are other people that may have had
perhaps more experience in geopolitics and the things that I think are really important in this particular time.
And, you know, for me, quite honestly, as somebody who came from the far left, she's too fresh out of that for me.
And so it just gives me a little bit of concern.
You know, you ask me an honest question, I'm going to give you an honest answer.
That could all change if I met her and sat down with her.
And I have people, friends who have, who have said she's a lovely, lovely person.
But, you know, even my dear friend Bobby Kennedy, I think still sometimes tips one toe across the line back into the woke area.
And it makes me nervous.
And so, you know, the beautiful thing is you can tell him that.
You know, he's humble enough that I've shared everything with him.
When he says something online that I disagree with, I write him or I write his staff and say, get this to Bobby right away.
And he listens.
And that's a beautiful thing.
But I think that there have been some very interesting things that have been said that could have been said better, and I – where we really disconnect, strongly disconnect, and he knows this because we're friends and we love each other.
And if anyone saw the roundtable we did that I was part of, you know, he said that.
He said, we can totally disagree, but Mickey and I will continue to love each other.
Is when it comes to environmental climate change just specifically climate change.
I think that there is some it's something I've been studying for a number of years and And while the climate is absolutely changing and while all living things are producing heat and therefore You know some way contributing to the warming of our planet.
It is not an existential threat It is the next
COVID excuse to rein back more liberties from the people to tell us what we can drive, what kind of stoves we can use, if we can leave the house.
It's all part of the agenda to shove us into 15 minute cities.
Now the one proof of this is, you know, just a couple years ago, it was all about going electric.
all about going electric.
Everything had to go electric and now if you guys know that we just had 800 people storm the Tesla factory in Germany to fight against Tesla's production of electric cars because they said what's happening with the mining of cobalt and lithium and all of that is an environmental disaster and it is.
So then you have to ask
Well then, if you don't want us driving gas cars and you don't want us driving electric cars, what do you really want?
What you really want is for us to live in 15 minute cities where we're on public transportation that they can shut off at any moment.
they decide that there's a public emergency and now we don't go to work and now we don't we know what's up that's where we're headed said if i would have said this five years ago people would have said you're nuts and they did because i said it five years ago but now people have seen enough to know wow they really are capable of that level of tyranny
And so for me, I hope that my friend Bobby looks deeper at the things that are truly the clearest and most present danger facing us right now.
And for me, that's we must become energy independent.
And how do we become energy independent?
By dropping the old story that oil is fossil fuels.
It's not.
And that it's on a limited supply.
What we need to do is become more responsible by holding
accountable the oil companies for the way they extract, deliver and burn oil, but not to shut it off.
because we are now exporting oil from all of our adversaries, making us totally energy dependent.
And they're abusing that.
And the cost of oil and fuel is what's driving up our inflation, which is why you guys don't have enough money at the end of the month to enjoy your life.
And so for me, that is one of the most clearest present dangers we face.
And I haven't heard enough from my friend Bobby to make me excited about his policies for that.
to be honest with you.
Other than that, he's one of the most beautiful men who have ever run for president.

[SPEAKER_16]
Thank you for such an exquisite answer and so detailed.
That was, I mean.
And truthful.
Yeah, truthful.
Yeah, and honest.
And thank you, Dr. Laura, for asking that question and for the donation.
Mickey, I've got another one for you that someone paid a donation.
So let me ask it from Miracle Megan.
Mickey, why are you putting out other movies before Bad Medicine and why changed the name removing S-I-N?

[SPEAKER_12]
What was done to my sweet daughter in an American hospital is a sin, all caps S-I-N. You can get really clever with names and for creative movies, artistic movies, you can get really creative with that.
You can call it whatever you want.
You can make up a word.
When it comes to something that I feel that the people need to see and understand and be able to search and find,
No one, when they hear, if I'm on stage saying, look for our movie, Bad Medicine, no one's going to spell it S-I-N and they're not going to spend much time searching for it.
They're going to look and I don't see it.
Okay, they're gone.
So for the movie to have most impact, I had to revert to the proper spelling of it because all that matters to me is not to be cool, but to make an impact.
What was the other question?

[SPEAKER_19]
Well, you want to make an impact and be cool.

[SPEAKER_12]
I'll let him be cool.
That's why I hang out next to him by proxy.

[SPEAKER_19]
That's the trick, huh?

[SPEAKER_12]
Why did I release other movies?
Okay.
The honest answer is this, is this movie began with that much budget.
It simply was a friend came to me and said, I'm getting all these calls.
My friend April Moss, who's an investigative reporter, said I'm getting all these calls because she lived in Michigan about these people being killed in hospitals.
And I said, I'm getting these calls too.
I don't know what to do about this, but we need to stop this.
And so I just went into production with no money.
And it's been difficult movie to raise money for.
And also the fact that the production period has expanded because when you're making movies in real time, so let's say I was gonna make a movie about the World Trade Center situation.
It already happened.
We can map out, we'll say let's give ourselves six months or a year and the movie's done.
On a situation where the story's unfolding today,
And right when we think we're done, then we hear about a massive court case that opened up.
And we think, how could we complete this movie without having that court case in the movie?
So we're making a movie in real time.
And we want to tell the full story.
And quite honestly, I'm glad we didn't finish this movie eight months ago.
Because what we have now, like the addition of Paul Merrick, we have an interview I just captured with that man who's a personal hero of mine.
I think he's got the biggest heart.
out of anyone that sat in front of my camera, as we all just saw.
The difference to the film, it is so powerful.
I can't edit this film without crying.
But we ran out of money.
And so right now, the film's on pause because it just got to a point where, you know, we started a school here in Texas.
I funded it by myself for a year and a half, and it pained me to have to close the school.
But I said, I'll fund it for a year.
And then I extended it to a year and a half, and I said, all you have to do is break even.
We don't need to make money on this, but we want to give kids an alternative education outside of this corrupt system.
And we had to close it just because I couldn't continue to fund it anymore.
That's why I also feel for the amount of money that Steve has put into all these movements.
is you reach a point where you just go, I just can't do this anymore.
And so the movie has expanded, cost more money, and it's also expanded because the story continues to unfold.
but we're so close to being at the end of telling the story.
But we do need, I put it on pause because I just, I couldn't afford to carry it personally any longer.
I have a family to feed.
And, you know, our budgets go from, you know, having a few hundred thousand in the bank to make a movie to, oh God, we have $12,000 to get us through the next three months.
You know, that's the reality of doing work this way where I'm not getting paid a salary by Hollywood.
And it's a sacrifice that I would make every single day of the week because there's nothing more fulfilling.
But at the same time, we do need support from the public because the moment we take investment,
than the, I've been in this situation before, and I actually just returned money, $150,000 someone donated, and it came with a little bit of an agenda.
Not a bad agenda, but this person has a business, and I never felt right, but we were desperate.
And I took the money.
He's a good person.
But then the feeling, that nudge of, we better wrap this film up, whether it's done or not, because this person's waiting and he has a new endeavor he's launching.
He's going to use this to try to get attention for his new endeavor.
Total legitimate thing to do.
But it didn't feel right for something of this nature.
And so with my little nest egg that I had saved for my family, I got a hold of him and I said, listen, I can't be rushed on this.
We have to tell the full story.
I want to give your money back.
And very amicably, I wired the money back, we canceled the contract, but it left us at a place of realizing we have that much money once again for bad medicine.
And so it's an ongoing thing that we're dealing with until we correct the course of this horrible situation that's happening.

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah, and I remember starting work with you on that for a few weeks.
And filmmaking is an incredible, especially documentary.
It is such an exhausting endeavor and very emotional when you get into the stories of these humans.
Deepak, I want to give you a little break and have you get ready if you're willing to still do a song for us.

[SPEAKER_05]
I'm good to go.
I'm all ready to go anytime.

[SPEAKER_16]
because I got another filmmaker standing by and I don't know if you've met, let me bring her in for a second before you perform Deepak.
Cindy Druchier, who made a film called The Unseen Crisis.
She's the, shall I say better half of Yanya Kellick.

[SPEAKER_12]
Nice, Yanya's one of my heroes.

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah, I don't know if you've met, so I'd like to make the introduction.
Welcome Cindy, thank you for being here this evening on BSRF Live.

[SPEAKER_14]
Thanks, Livio and everyone.
Hi, Mickey.
We actually, last time I was on this podcast, so were you and you like just finished and said goodbye and then I came on.
So you're actually tag teaming.
We're tag teaming buddies on this podcast.

[SPEAKER_12]
That's right.
Yes, I am.
What a wonderful.

[SPEAKER_14]
Wife of 20 years as of last week.

[SPEAKER_12]
Well, then I know you're incredible because he is one of my favorite humans on the planet.
What an incredible, incredible journalist and man, he is.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yes, yes.
One of mine too.
What a coincidence.

[SPEAKER_12]
I bet.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_14]
And unfortunately, he has another commitment tonight.
Otherwise, he'd be here too.

[SPEAKER_16]
Well, very good.
We have invited him as well.
But yeah, he's busy.
So but but we get Cindy.

[SPEAKER_12]
Well, it's really nice to see you and meet you.
I'm sure we'll see each other again.
And while we while we pass the torch here to Deepak, I'm going to go spend some time with my children if that's okay.

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah, absolutely.
Mickey, thank you for your generous time.

[SPEAKER_12]
Thank you for allowing me to be part of this, you guys.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah, thank you.
And again, I want to remind our audience that a percentage of tonight's proceeds are going to go to Bad Medicine to help Mickey finish that incredibly important film.

[SPEAKER_12]
I did not know that was happening and that is deeply appreciated.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
So please donate.
We want that film done because it's got incredible
just truths that people need to see because people need to see that before the next pandemic.
People need to realize that this is what was happening in hospitals so that it doesn't happen again because, well, we've got the bird flu and who knows what's going to be next.
We had monkeypox.
There's so many more.
I mean, there's there's future pandemics in the works and we need people to know what happened in the hospitals.
And all of that is in bad medicine.
And so people need to be aware so that it doesn't happen to them or their loved ones.

[SPEAKER_02]
I have to sign off, so thanks.
Thank you, Dr. Merrick.

[SPEAKER_16]
Thank you, Dr. Merrick, for being here.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_16]
I'm going to change some frames here in one second.
Cindy, what are you working on these days while Deepak sets up?

[SPEAKER_14]
variety of things.
Actually, we're working on.

[SPEAKER_19]
She's not on the.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yep.

[SPEAKER_19]
Oh, you're good now.

[SPEAKER_14]
You're I'm good now.
Okay.
Start again.

[SPEAKER_19]
I'm turning the turning the tables on you because normally you're on the other side of the

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, yeah, exactly.
I'd rather be on the other side.
Can I ask you a question, Livio?
I don't have a question ready.
Is this going well tonight?
I'm coming in at the tail end and it's looking great so far, what I've heard.

[SPEAKER_16]
I think so.
I haven't gotten a tally because I've been so busy running and being in the show.
So I don't know how we're doing, but maybe I can get one of our people to let me know.
And I hope that people are continuing to donate because again, our livelihood here at VSRF is on the line.
And if we don't raise enough funds,
We really can't continue.
We can't put this all on Steve's shoulders.
It's quite frank and it takes, there's about six to eight of us.
I'm not going to count Steve, just because of maybe six and a half of us.
And between the production budget with some of the content we create, the editing that goes into it, the marketing that goes into it, the research that goes into it, maintaining our website, all of us are spread very thin and doing it for basically less than part-time.
wages to contribute our time to VSRF.
For me personally, I came from the mainstream media side.
I was a professional mainstream editor doing commercials, music, videos, documentaries, feature films, you name it.

[SPEAKER_19]
Vaccine commercials?

[SPEAKER_16]
The one thing I did not do, I never did a pharma ad.
I refused.
I refused.
And that was even before COVID.
I just didn't feel right with those long disclaimers.
But I left what was a somewhat lucrative career when COVID hit, and I'm not going back.
And my role has been to support those with strong voices like Steve Kirsch,
Paul Merrick, like the FLCCC and VSRF and others to help them amplify their voices and behind the scenes here.
And so I'm in this to help people and to help strong voices.
And like your film, Cindy, was great.
I mean, just I was in awe of your film and I know how much work it took to make that and to get invested in the lives of all those vaccine injured.
And even the little bit, I was able to contribute the one scene.
I was in tears the whole time watching dozens and dozens of faces.
tell their stories.
And so for me, to help these people that I've personally got to know, the vaccine injured, and then the heroes who are out there putting their careers, their lives, their licenses on the line.
I mean, Steve gave up so much.
Angela, you've given up just so much.
So I make a personal plea to everyone out there to help us out and help us continue doing the work that we do.

[SPEAKER_14]
I just want to say one thing for Deepak.
I'm excited to hear him perform.
But, you know, you're talking about that scene.
It was, you know, we had you guys helped us bring together a lot of the vaccine injured to, you know, share their stories so we could kind of visually show people how many people
This isn't just the six people in the film, right, that this is affecting.
It's a lot bigger than that.
And the thing that hit me most is just how much people are yearning to just be heard and be allowed to tell their stories and have it out there, which is, you know, one of the amazing things that the VSRF
has been able to do for people and why your work is so important and impactful like the tide is turning conversations have changed because of you know your work and yeah just to give people the chance it feels you know obvious just silenced and shut out and discounted it just really that was the most emotional part for me it's just yeah how grateful people were to just be able to share and it's it shouldn't be like that obviously it's such a
So do you have any way to quantify the tide being turned and, you know, is there any way that you've been able to measure?

[SPEAKER_19]
You know, because it'd be great if we could have like this, you know, dashboards showing what our progress is so far we, you know, like I have a dashboard on on my sub stack, you know, shows me readers dropping off or increasing.
It'd be awesome if we had something like that for
for changing people's minds.

[SPEAKER_14]
It's an interesting question, Mr. Data.
My mind is more like the quality of conversation is changing.
I have to give it some think because what I know is that just in talking to people, it's not as taboo of a topic anymore.
Things haven't improved in terms of getting compensation for people and that kind of thing, but it's being acknowledged.
The AstraZeneca coming out and
you know, saying what they've said and the lawsuits and stuff.
It's just becoming more of a mainstream accepted thing.
Okay, they're, you know, are vaccine injured and it's a thing.
It doesn't help people have been injured.
It's not helping the compensation, you know, situation at all, but it's not taboo like I feel like it was at the beginning of COVID, at the beginning when I was making the film even.
So that's my, you know, judgment why I say that.
And it's because of work, like the SRF, like, let's not be, let's not shy away from saying that's exactly why, because you've been out there constantly telling people and advocating and doing the work and putting your heart into it and trying to speak when people don't wanna listen.
And that has changed the tide.
And so hopefully, you know, people are gonna be inoculated the next time and not be so, you know, quick to accept things and be more questioning and we won't have to get into this place again.
But it would also be nice if the people who have been injured are duly taken care of and compensated and acknowledged, which is still not quite there yet.

[SPEAKER_16]
Well, thank you for coming on tonight, Cindy.
I don't know if you want to hang out while Deepak does a song.
What are you going to perform for us, Deepak?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, I was actually gonna just give you a little background on myself and a story that leads into the song.
The song, I'll just tell you about that since you asked now, it's called It's Our Time with the alternative title Together We Rise.
And it was originally written last year for the Independent National Convention.
And it became the anthem for the INC last year.
I was, I guess, brought in as the headliner musician for that event.
to perform every night at the Keynotes.
We had Tulsi Gabbard, Dennis Kushnish, a lot of people, Del Bigtree, a lot of people from different sides of the aisle and different parts of society.
Everything from technology, blockchain, AI, education, science, politics, artists were brought together to sort of have conversations about how we as a people can step away from things like the duopoly, things like getting stuck in depending on authority, which is a big theme of my life.
And my background
in that in general has been around questioning authority and being curious since as a kid, you know, growing up as a first generation Indian with a strong background in science and math, my degrees actually in college were pre-med and pre-law.
I did neurobiology, physiology, criminology, criminal justice, went to college when I was 16 years old, and then graduated when I was
uh... twenty twenty one got in the finance and all these different things but had a background in music also and part of our culture being indian is being you know encouraged to be well rounded in to the arts and crafts and sciences and play tennis and all those different types of things so uh... the paradox of choice has been a challenge for me in terms of like who am i and what's my purpose because i feel like i do resonate with a lot of different areas of you know i love science i love math i love
studying psychology, philosophy, history, politics.
And so I didn't really decide to be a musician until I realized the power of art and the power of music to actually create movement building and then and then be able to get to a place of influence as an artist where I can be in positions like I am now through music and then be able to share about all these other things about unity, about
personal sovereignty, self-empowerment in a society where people have been giving away their power to authorities and we're not trusting ourselves anymore and our intuition and our minds are clouded.
And I think a lot of my background being Indian is in also meditation and breathing, spirituality, where I've noticed that if I start getting into a space of silence, the mind clears, the cobwebs clear, and underneath all that is a feeling of connection to truth, like animals know when
you know, the weather's gonna change.
They can sense when it's gonna rain.
And I think humans have that, we're animals as well, but I think our mind can block us from intuition and from our innate psychic abilities, dare I say that.
And so as an artist, I feel like that's been an ability to tap into that through spirituality, through vibration, since we're all vibration, and through music, and then, you know, focus on educating from that angle versus just becoming a doctor or a lawyer, as I was originally planning on doing.
So that's what led me down the path of where I am now, and I've known Mickey for 15 years.
And I came to LA, and as Livia was talking about being in media, you know, I've worked with Disney, I've made films, I was a co-star in Modern Family, did a bunch of national commercials.
But it was always sort of separate, that on one side I'm teaching people how to meditate and breathe, and then I'm doing activism, then I'm talking about politics and freedom and sovereignty.
And then I'm doing music over here and it's always been really separate.
And I feel like in the last few years, I'm starting to see the mission of like putting all the pieces together into one thing.
And I'm calling it Deepak World and hashtag team humanity and working with Mickey and other people to now.
be able to bridge the activism and the movement and the education all through music.
And that led to the writing of this song that I'm gonna sing called Together We Will Rise.
It's our time, which is again, the INC anthem.
We have the INC coming up in September, Independent National Convention in Denver on September 18th through 20th with RFK being the keynote.
And I'll be headlining with this song as well as it also being now the closing theme in PlanDemic the musical, which is coming out.
So I wanted to kind of just intro all of that for you guys.
And this song is called It's Our Time.
It's not even out yet, by the way.
It is unreleased, and it'll come out in about a month or so along with the movie, and then it'll lead into the rest of the year.
And the theme's unity, team humanity.

[SPEAKER_07]
Rise up from the ashes, rise up from the flames See through the lies that feed the fires that we create Come out from the shadows, come out in plain sight Nothing to lose, it's time to move into the light
together united deny it or fight it no more hiding anymore our story be righted or lose it we can't keep quiet anymore because together we will rise up together we will rise up together we will rise can't wait any longer
It's our time, yeah, cause it's our time.
Together we will rise.
Together we will rise.
Together we will rise.
Can't wait any longer.
It's our time, yeah, cause it's our time.
Now we're fighting for our lives Of our sons and daughters It's a war we're gonna lose If we divide ourselves apart Yeah, it's time to rip the veil That covers everything The talking heads that wanna make us blind And when we fight back We shoot love into the sky
Together, united, denying or fighting No more hiding anymore Our story, we ride it or lose it We can't keep quiet anymore
Together we will rise up Together we will rise up Together we will rise Can't wait any longer It's our time, yeah Cause it's our time Together we will rise up Together we will rise up Together we will rise Can't wait any longer It's our time, yeah Cause it's our time Ooh
Together we will rise Together we will rise Together we will rise Can't wait any longer It's our time, yeah Cause it's our time

[SPEAKER_05]
Wow.

[SPEAKER_16]
That was awesome.

[SPEAKER_14]
That was incredible.
Wow.

[SPEAKER_05]
And I just forgot to mention an important shout out.
I wrote that song with my musical partner, Johnny Twilight.
We did it on the high wire earlier today.
He's not with me right now.
He had to head back to Los Angeles because we're actually getting back there tomorrow for the LA premiere of Plandemic the Musical on Saturday.
But yeah, I wrote that with him, Johnny Twilight, shout out to him, and also I just noticed that the website was put up there, Deepak Future, that's my old website, I'm gonna have it forward, but the new one is actually Deepak World, because I'm creating it more as a central place where people can join together and have conversations.
Part of the mission is really to shift the culture of
acceptance like you know we've there's a timing we're talking about earlier in the high wire where you know you could have different conversations and be on the opposite side of the aisle or whatever you want to call it you know because it's you know everyone's stuck in duality but it's the nuances it's not duality it's eight billion people there if we have eight different eight billion different
you know, worldviews, and there's Venn diagrams of overlapping, and it's not just two things, and we want to get put into boxes of duality.
But there was a time where even if it was duality, there could at least be conscious conversation, let's say between a Republican and a Democrat, or whatever you want to label it as.
And right now, it's been intentionally to the point where, again, if you disagree on one thing, suddenly they're the enemy, just because of that one thing.
You might agree on 90% of the things, but now we can't trust them anymore.
They're a psyop, or they're controlled opposition, and there's a lot of stuff happening, infighting, even within the quote-unquote truth movement now, where people are infighting and it's happening everywhere.
And I think it's really important to start bringing people together.
So that's my vision for Deepak World, is to create just more awareness around
the culture of communication and you know on a fractal on a micro level this could help people in relationships, marriages, business levels where we're able to now listen to each other with more curiosity, more patience and ask questions instead of jumping to conclusions and then you know start improving communication from the ground up as a society where that could start from the family and through friends and you know if that culture of communication improves we could see a lot more
openness and listening to each other once again, even between scientists that might not agree on things like virology.
And I'm in conversations with people that are arguing just about if viruses are real or not.
And I think it's all important to ask those questions, but we at least should be on the same team of being curious and asking questions and getting to the truth together as team humanity.
So that's sort of what I'm standing for in the website's Deepak world.
I'm gonna be building it the next couple months.
For now, there's a bunch of music on there at the least and information for upcoming events and shows and stuff like that.

[SPEAKER_04]
You're amazing, Deepak.
That musical that you did all the music for and directed was, I mean, we didn't want to sit down.
We wanted to get, we just danced and it was such a beautiful story.
And that song, I mean,
I have not stopped singing that song since we left Vegas.
And I can't wait for it to come out because it's just unbelievable.
And I don't know if everybody knows this about you, but you're so versatile, just like you are with your studies and everything else.
But I think the first time that I really saw you, we were in LA, DTMLA.
And Joseph Arthur, we were at a little venue and Joseph Arthur picked up his guitar and you just started to improvise.
And you, I mean, you were just making up the words as you went along.
I mean, you play harmonica, you play the violin, you play the piano, you play the guitar.
Like, I don't know what it is that you don't do, but I feel like you do everything and you do everything so well.

[SPEAKER_16]
He's a renaissance man.
He is a modern day renaissance man.
Thank you.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_04]
I love your parents too.
I got to meet them in Vegas and I can see why you are the way you are because your parents are just as beautiful as you are.

[SPEAKER_05]
They're the sweetest people.
They're the sweetest people.
Yeah.
I mean, my mom was an amazing classical, Carnatic classical.
There's Indian music.
There's North Indian and South Indian.
And so they're from the South.
So they, you know, did Carnatic classical singing.
And my mom and my dad was a Vena player.
Vena is like a sitar, but in South India it's called a Vena, the different style.
And so I grew up surrounded by that and was always absorbing a lot of really good types of music, Western classical music.
Rachmaninoff Bach was sort of all soaking in and started on violin for sure.
But I think the rebellious nature, I always grew up a rebellious, anti-authority, rebellious person, so it was hard to kind of lock me down into lessons and I sort of just kind of branched out and became more of a, you know, I played by feel, I don't have any knowledge in theory, I didn't go to school for music, it's all just purely just on listening to Michael Jackson and copying him or Radiohead or my favorite types of music and just trying to like listen to it and figure out how to play it.
listening to tv show theme songs and singing them and or or playing video games and trying to play on the piano like what the music was from the video game just lots of things like that it's always been about listening and and figuring it out but yeah my parents i definitely you know give a shout out to them for you know at least being so uh accepting of me you know in my career you know there was concern when i first when i first graduated and i did finance i did my series licenses six and 63 and and all that kind of stuff when i was like 2021 with smith barney and city group in new york and
Meanwhile, I'm thinking about music and everything, but it wasn't a reality to be an artist professionally, because I just didn't grow up around that.
I grew up as a first generation Indian, and everyone that's Indian or Asian that I knew was either going to be a doctor or a lawyer or an engineer or a computer scientist.
And that's all I knew.
But then I had some friends that went out to Los Angeles a little bit before me, and they started telling me about this magical place where you can play.
and just be a big kid in a pond where there's opportunities galore and you can audition for things.
And if you get the role, you'll be able to express yourself artistically and actually get paid for it.
And I was like, you can do that?
I didn't know that was possible.
I grew up in Maryland in DC where everyone has jobs in nine to fives.
And so I ended up rebelling and going out to LA and I'm glad I did.
And here we are.

[SPEAKER_16]
We are too.
We're so lucky you rebelled.
I hope you will come back when you've come out with your new website and everything.
and share that with us.

[SPEAKER_05]
Absolutely, my pleasure.
You know, I've been teaching people how to grow sprouts and grow food and do done biodynamic composting for 15 years and all these different things and I want to be able to create those resources all on the website where you know you get the music but you can also click for more and have access to resources and
and other experts and forward, you know, have, you know, have you guys and have be able, you know, if I'm not the one sharing about it, because, you know, I only, I know what I know, but I want to be able to have it so that everyone has a place to learn about whatever it is they want to learn about or even ask questions or even create a community team humanity chat on there where people can share information and have conversations, but really, you know, focusing on cultivating the culture of how the conversation goes where you can get on healthy debates on there.
I think if we can start having more of that, I think we can start bringing back the art of communication in the first place, which is what I feel is very strongly compromised at the moment on a global scale.

[SPEAKER_16]
Yes, absolutely.
Well, thank you for being here with us, Deepak.
I know you've had a long
One day.

[SPEAKER_05]
I gotta run upstairs and have dinner with Mickey and all of them.
They just sort of gave me the wink.
So I'm gonna jump upstairs with them.
But yeah, we've been on, we've done four shows today and it's been great.
My voice is pretty shot and I gotta get ready for Los Angeles.
We're heading back tomorrow.
If you're in Los Angeles, by the way, come to the premiere for Plandemic the Musical.
And then definitely if you're in the Austin area or feel like coming to Austin, June 15th is our big super premiere for that.
And then we're gonna figure out a date for the online world watch party or the global watch party.

[SPEAKER_16]
That's right.
The premiere or the it's at the Malibu Film Festival.
Is it Saturday?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, it's the Malibu Film Festival dot com slash pandemic or just Malibu Film Festival.
The premiere is actually in Hollywood at the Directors Guild.
It's the Malibu Film Festival, but it's hosted at the theaters at the Directors Guild, which is actually Hollywood because people are all asking, hey, it's in Malibu.
It's just the festival is hosting it.
But the best, the better theaters are in Hollywood and there'll be other films there.
But ours is four four four forty five p.m. is the
the meet and greet the VIP meet and greet and get those tickets for that's a little bit more.
And then you can just get the the regular movie ticket for 545 red carpet premieres at six o'clock p.m. And my birthday is also in a few days.
So we're going to just kind of celebrate it all like a big sort of premiere slash birthday party.
And then yeah, we're gonna do a q&a I think Dr. Judy Mickovic, she's a good friend of mine as well.
She's in she's in the LA area.
So she'll show up to and we'll do a q&a around around 630 after the film's over and talk about the film a bit until seven ish.

[SPEAKER_16]
Great.
If you're in SoCal in Southern California, go see PlanDemic the musical and meet Deepak in person.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yes.
And Cindy, you're going to be at a film festival as well with The Unseen Crisis in July?
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_16]
I'm going to let Deepak go because I know he's got to run.
Thank you, Deepak.
Thanks, guys.

[SPEAKER_14]
That was amazing.
I look forward to seeing the musical.
Absolutely.

[SPEAKER_05]
More to come.
We'll see you guys a lot more, I'm sure.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thank you so much.
Thank you.
Yes, Cindy, you'll be there with Mickey.

[SPEAKER_14]
I will.
So he'll be there.
So in, yeah, July 11 to 13, is that it?
Is that the dates?
What is it?
10 to 13 is the Anthem Film Festival, which is part of Freedom Fest in Vegas.
And the Unseen Crisis is playing there and so is Pandemic.
And I'm pretty certain we have a Q&A or a panel discussion afterwards.
So, Angela or any of you guys are there, join the panel so we can...
I don't know exactly who's going, so we'll see what kind of dynamo panel that we can get for after the film.
But yeah, very exciting that we're going to get to show there.
You know, we've been in several festivals now and have awards.
And so this is also, I would say, Steve, part of the ties churning.
They're actually getting acceptance festivals.
There you go.
You know, that says something.

[SPEAKER_19]
Yep.
By the way, for people who haven't seen Unseen Crisis, I highly recommend it.
It's an awesome film.
I called up Cindy after I saw the film.
I told her I was just blown away.
They put an enormous amount of time into making that film.
It was just an incredible, incredible film.
You are awesome.

[SPEAKER_16]
Thank you.
It really is.
It was an honor to contribute the little I did, and it is a share.
And I'm in it.
Also.
Yeah, Steve and Angela.
We're in it.

[SPEAKER_14]
Angela is in it.
And actually, Livio, you're there.
You're a little square, I think, at the top of the big panel.
That's right.

[SPEAKER_16]
I think I had a little cameo in a little box.
You're in there.

[SPEAKER_04]
You're in there.
You had a big part in that, Livio, helping us get all the injured together.
But it was just the way you did it, Cindy, was so beautifully done.
All of us injured felt so comfortable doing it.
We felt like we were at home.
You shared our stories so beautifully to where I felt comfortable sharing it with people who are against us, you know, with family members who are Provax.
And, you know, I shared it with my daughter.
My daughter had never read that letter because I never wanted to give her that letter because that was something, you know, it was meant to happen, you know, if I passed away.
And it was so heartbreaking.
I opened it and read it for the first time in that movie.
And I think we had to do that scene maybe 10 times because I had tears and snot running down my face.
It was so emotional.
I don't even really remember writing that letter.
I was so sick thinking that I was gonna die, you know, feeling like I was gonna die.
So yeah.

[SPEAKER_19]
It was a great, great letter.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
We appreciate you.
What was your daughter's reaction to the film, to the letter?
I didn't know that you showed it to her.
She was...
like, Mom, I didn't know that you were that sick.
Because, you know, as a mother, you always want to protect your kids and guard them.
And I remember one of the times that I had my 911 calls, my daughter was sitting here, like on a Zoom, you know, she was working on Zoom.
And I had to call 911 because I couldn't breathe.
My heart rate was really high.
My blood pressure was like 200 over 120.
I thought I was about to go out.
And I remember walking down the stairs to go, the ambulance was on the way.
And I thought like, gosh, do I need to go kiss her and say goodbye?
I might not ever see this child again.
But I didn't want her to be scared.
I didn't want this child to live in this fear of like, oh my gosh, my mom could die.
So I kept it all from her.
I hid as much as I could.
She knew that I was in the bed a lot.
She just thought that mommy's sick, but she's going to get better.
So she really didn't realize it until she saw the movie.
She's like, mom, I didn't know that you were that bad.
I didn't know that you thought you were going to die.
And so it was just a beautiful way of showing her what I went through without having her to have to go through that fear that I lived through.
So thank you, Cindy.
You did such a beautiful job.
We love you.

[SPEAKER_19]
So was her reaction, is she now completely understand or what's going on today?

[SPEAKER_04]
She does.
She understands that she knows that these vaccines can be very dangerous for some people, but they're fed so much at school.
The really hard thing is at school they're taught that, you know, you need to get vaccinated.
And I would hear it like some of our teachers would say, you know,
We're going to the play this weekend because we're vaccinated."
And so she would come home from school and say, I guess I won't get to go to the play, mom, because I'm not vaccinated.
And so the school did a real number on these kids.
And almost all of our classmates are fully vaccinated.
And I said, these vaccines are really unsafe for a lot of people.
you know, people need to understand the risks.
And so she understands it and she gets it.
And, you know, hopefully I've, you know, with these documentaries that are out, because it's hard as a parent, I think kids don't want their parents telling them what to do.
So if they see people like you, Cindy, or Mickey, or, you know, all these films that you've helped support Steve.
Um, where other people are talking about it.
I think it's a little bit easier for them to see it worldwide.
Um, so, you know, just one, one step at a time and one person at a time.
And we are, we are making huge change.
So I, I think that we'll eventually get there.
But yeah, thank you so much, Cindy.
And I hope to be able to join you in Vegas for the next one.
I was really, um, seeing that movie when we were in New York and I think Connecticut.
was where we did the first couple of careers of it was really special seeing it on a big screen TV and, you know, seeing everybody else's stories and their journeys and just the heartache that we went through.
I mean, thank God I'm past that and I've gotten through it and I'm healthy and I'm doing really well.
And I'm so fortunate to be able to spend every single day taking care of other vaccine injured.
Cause I, that's the one thing that, you know, we don't do here with every SRF is we don't want to leave anybody behind.
You know, we, we are in this for the long haul to keep on
raising awareness and research and taking care of people.
So I feel very lucky that I was able to recover and that I'm able to give help and hope to so many other people.
So if I had to do it all over again, I wouldn't have changed anything.
I'm glad to be in this position.
Yeah, and speaking of vaccine-injured, we've got Amanda.
We've got Amanda down there.

[SPEAKER_16]
Do you have some time to stay with us, Cindy, or do you need to go?
I just want to make sure I'm going to be mindful of your time, Cindy.

[SPEAKER_14]
No, I can stay a bit longer.
I'm keen to hear from Amanda.

[SPEAKER_16]
Great.
So I'm going to bring on Amanda, who is a superhuman at this point, vaccine-injured and producer extraordinaire of so many events.
And I'm always in awe of Amanda Damian.
and what she goes through on a regular basis with her health and with these tremendous events that she produces.
It's just amazing to introduce our audience to you, Amanda.
Thank you for being here.

[SPEAKER_04]
Hero.
I remember in the beginning when we, when Matt Toons came to us for Defeat the Mandates and Louisa was looking for an event, you know, planner manager.
We had done a couple of interviews with some other people and I was like, you know what?
Wait a minute.
We have Amanda and Amanda and I didn't know each other as well at that time.
But I was like, we've got somebody who is actually vaccine injured, who is an incredible event planner.
I don't know how she produced DTM Washington, DTM LA, COVID litigation conference one and two.
She's literally produced every single thing that we have done, as well as she's helping Mickey and
But all the while, while she is so sick herself, and maybe we'll show a quick little video of what a vaccine injury looks like, but she deals with these constant seizures.
And I don't even think Steve really realized how severe these injuries are.
Steve has been there with me for several of them.
One of them, she was really, really bad.
I think we were in Atlanta for the COVID litigation conference and she was having, you know, apnex spells and seizures and Steve and I were hosting a...
fundraising event and I got the phone call and I said, Steve, we got to run.
Amanda's not doing well.
And Steve came with me and I actually had Steve by my side.
He was reading me all of Amanda's vitals and letting me know what was going on with her so that we could keep her safe and make sure that we didn't need to go to the hospital because we had gone to the hospital when we were in LA when this happened and they were useless.
The minute they found out she was vaccine injured, they completely they wouldn't allow her to have an advocate by her side.
They wouldn't allow me in the hospital.
They wouldn't allow.
And she was so out of it.
She didn't even know where she was.
And they wouldn't allow me to come in there and explain to them what was going on.
They knew that she was vaccine injured and they completely cut her off.
So we had to learn how to manage this.
And I've been in, you know, where I've had to start IVs on her and give her
medications to keep her safe and get her out of it.
But the scary thing is, is that the times that I felt safest, I had Steve by my side.
as my assistant helping me keep her from needing to go to the hospital.
And that's really scary that I felt safer with Steve than having Amanda be in the hospital with doctors and nurses.
I mean, really terrible times that we're living in, that we're safer in a hotel room with just Steve and I than we are in a hospital setting where, you know, had we been in a hospital, she probably would have been intubated and put in the ICU and might not have made it out alive.
And we actually had other doctors, when they saw this video that we might share, several doctors saw it and they're like, Oh my God, Angela, if you guys would have gone to the hospital, they would have literally put a tube down her throat and put her in the ICU.
And as we have learned, and you will learn with the movie Bad Medicine is sometimes and
especially with COVID, they have not been doing the right things and they're not learning from their mistakes.
They're still out there giving Remdemn severe.
They're still out there, you know, putting people who are breathing and talking on ventilators and not treating them with the appropriate drugs.
So yeah, thank you, Amanda, for all that you have done for us.

[SPEAKER_13]
It's been a long bumpy journey, but I realized in the very beginning that I had two choices.
I could sit around.
I was completely paralyzed in a wheelchair at one point.
I had Guillain-Barre syndrome.
Steve, you were just talking about that earlier in your data set.
And when they diagnosed me with Yambere syndrome, they said, well, you have GBS, but we don't want to deal with your insurance, and they're probably not going to approve IVIG treatment for you anyway.
So we're just going to send you home.
And Livio, in one of your clips you showed earlier this evening, there's a gal named Candice in there, and she talked about how they sent her home with a prescription for a walker and a potty chair.
And in Matt's film, I'm actually a cast member in the follow The Silence movie, and Candace and I were in the same hospital at the same time.
We met each other on Facebook inside of the hospital while we were both being
not treated for our injuries.
We met through our vaccine injury Facebook group sitting in the same hospital at the same location.
And so it was unbelievable to go through that journey.
And what we've both experienced is, you know,
Angela, what I found is that I could sit home and I could cry about it or I could use my skills and I could do something about it.
And so I jumped in with both feet when I got the phone call from Angela and Steve.
I was a little hesitant at first because I thought, well, can I really handle this?
Is my body going to be able to withstand it?
And I still have that question every day, but I feel like I found my tribe.
and my people and Angela is not only my best friend, but like my person.
And like she said, I would go through this a hundred times over again.
You know, it took going through absolute hell to realize these people on the screen are my people.
And I didn't know it before, but I know it now.
And there's a big community out there.
And so I know we're doing a fundraiser tonight and I want people to understand that when we talk about the vaccine injured,
You know, we're the ones that get to tell the story, not Chris Cuomo, who just came out and decided he wanted to tell the story of what's going on with the vaccine injured or whoever else is going to come out later.
You know, the lady with the scarf, Berks, you know, she also said that she knew about the vaccine.
They all knew about us.
We talked to them in the very, very beginning.
I had a meeting with the NIH three weeks after I was injured, and they knew my name right from the very beginning.
And they said, basically, we're inundated.
We can't help you.
We don't know what to do, but we know what's happening.
And so we want to be the ones to tell the story.
So we want to be the ones coming on VSRF and telling you the truth.
you know week after week and we want to be able to continue to do this work and so we can't do it we're a small team many of us including myself you know we we all work on a volunteer basis on on a regular weekly show and so we need help to keep this this thing going we're at the end of our runway and without the help of you know everybody that's
giving in these donations tonight.
Thank you for the amazing amount that has come in so far but you know it takes a lot of money to keep these things going so we need we need your help and the other thing that's really important too from a vaccine injured perspective is this is um I get emotional about this because it's it's really raw but
The work that I do, it's fun and it has its ups and downs and some days it's really hard and some days it's really rewarding.
But this is my lifeline to keep myself alive.
This is my connection to my doctors.
This is my connection to, hey Steve, did you see this article?
Is there something we can do for this person?
Or, Angela, I'm unconscious and my fiance is driving me to the hospital and I don't want them to kill me.
Can you call ahead and just make sure that they don't kill me when I get there?
That was a scary call.
And that's real life happened.

[SPEAKER_16]
That was a scary call.
I think the video you were talking about, Angela, was when we were, I believe, at Defeat the Mandates in LA, and Amanda had a reaction, and Steve had his camera with him while you were treating her.
I was hesitant, I'm going to play this for everyone, here it comes.

[SPEAKER_04]
I need you to breathe for me, honey.
Take a breath.
Take a breath.
Take a breath, honey.
There you go.
There you go.
There you go.
Good job.

[SPEAKER_19]
122 BPM.
Okay.
There you go, sweetie.

[UNKNOWN]
There you go.
There you go.

[SPEAKER_19]
That was sweet.
114.
111.
Tachycardia.

[SPEAKER_06]
I'm so tired.
I know baby, I know.
I'm so tired.
I know you are.

[SPEAKER_19]
Internal fibrillation was not detected.

[SPEAKER_06]
I know sweetheart, it's okay.
It's alright.
I hate it.
I know, I hate it too honey.
I hate it too.

[SPEAKER_13]
I don't know if you remember, Steve, but I had a Cardia Mobile on my hand.
And when that episode was over, do you remember what it said?
said this heart rate had never been detected in the entire system.

[SPEAKER_19]
I remember that.

[SPEAKER_04]
That went on for about 45 minutes where you would stop breathing.
You start seizing.
It just did not stop.
It did not stop.
And I'll never forget that one phone call.
Her fiance was driving her to the hospital and she was completely unconscious and she was blue and not breathing.
And he's like, Angela, what do I do?
I said, you put on the gas and you get there as quick as you can.
I'm calling.
And so I called the emergency room charge nurse and I said,
We have a patient coming in and I need all hands on her.
She is vaccine injured.
I told them what drugs work for her and what they needed to give her.
And it was just like the scariest five minutes of my life knowing that she was not breathing in the car on the way to this emergency room.
But I know enough having run multiple units in hospitals and been in the ER situation and been a trauma nurse that
what they needed to do for her.
And it's kind of how it is with a vaccine injured where we all take care of each other and we know how to take care of each other better than the providers other than Paul and Pierre who have helped guide us and do the research that we need.

[SPEAKER_13]
If I would have showed up there the way I was, they would have intubated me and there's no telling if I would have ever gotten out.
So that's my lifeline.
And so I'm so grateful.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, well, that was the first thing that I told them is like, she does not need to be intubated.
You need just to give her X, Y, and Z and she will get out of this.
And then you just need to monitor and leave her alone.
But, you know, that was my exact words is she doesn't have COVID.
Don't intubate her.
Don't give her a stem severe and just give her some, you know, Valium and get her out of this and don't put her in the ICU and call me back after you have taken care of her for a few minutes, because I was so terrified that they were going to hurt you.
But you needed to be there because I wasn't, I think you weren't in Texas at that point.
I was in Alabama at that time.
It's so hard being so far away from you.
I wish I could just be around, have all the vaccine injured with me and with all of our doctors and all of our people where we could just, if we could open up our own hospital, that would be great.

[SPEAKER_16]
Cindy, do you still have communication with some of the people you worked with on your film?

[SPEAKER_14]
The one most recently is Nikki, who just, you know, she's in so much better shape.
She was, you know, in the film, she's in a wheelchair with oxygen and a feeding tube.
And now she's, you know, walking and eating and breathing.
And has her trach out.
She doesn't have a trach.
And has her trach out, like all of it.
There was the most, you know, we were exchanging texts.
I think the first time is around Thanksgiving, because I remember she sent me her Thanksgiving photo and I showed it around to everyone who'd worked on the film.
And to see her standing up there with her kids and the family, it was just amazing.
Because in the film, right, nothing's working.
Some things that are working for other people aren't working for her.
Isn't the money to get treatment that maybe could help that next thing.
And just, yeah, just so much struggle like Amanda just sharing into such a journey.
So it was, yeah.

[SPEAKER_16]
I want to clarify something that maybe Amanda and Andrew can help that people are asking in the chat about that it looks or thinking that that was an asthma attack.
Can you specify what happened during that attack that we just showed?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
So what happens to Amanda and you know, the first time that it happened when we were in LA, I actually had the luxury of having all the doctors there.
So I called Paul and I called Pierre.
I said, I've got Amanda.
We had just gotten out of an elevator.
She collapsed and went to the floor.
She turned blue and then her body just, it actually looks like she's being electrocuted.
And, you know, I've seen lots of seizures in the hospital and these look nothing like a seizure, seizure like activity.
I mean, she literally,
looks like she's being electrocuted, and then she stops breathing.
Sometimes she can hear what I'm telling her, so she's aware of what I'm saying to her, but she's not really...

[SPEAKER_13]
In the video, we kind of showed the end of it when I was coming to a little bit.
I've had an ambulatory EEG where they come to your house and they set up the whole entire EEG with 32 electrodes on your scalp.
They put a camera in your bedroom, which is really weird.
And they watch you for five days straight.
And I had two episodes on the camera.
And what it came back was it was not epileptic form.
So they couldn't diagnose it with epilepsy.
And they had nothing to compare it to to tell me what it was.
So they call it a movement disorder.
Sometimes I can tell when they're coming on and I know what some of the triggers are, high stress situations are sometimes the triggers, but then sometimes I just had one about 10 days ago in the middle of my sleep.
And that's always hard for the person, your loved one who wakes up and finds you like that.
And it's just an ongoing battle and we don't have answers.
And I just recently moved to Texas and we talk about the doctor network.
It's been really hard, you know, being in a new city and a new area and trying to find doctors that are awake.
And having all these problems is really difficult because I have PTSD.
So many doctors told me that I was faking it.
I have a mental disorder.
I have anxiety.
They label it any other thing besides wanting to do the test to figure out what it is.
And so when I have to meet a new doctor now, it's really, really challenging to go into this room and
replay this story and pray to God that they will just have an open mind and believe me, even if they don't believe the whole story, just give me a chance to explain it.

[SPEAKER_19]
Yeah, did you ever run into a doctor who believed you and listened to the story and said, you're right, I've seen this before?

[SPEAKER_13]
Our doctors, Dr. Merrick, Dr. Corey, Dr. Ely, Henry Ely was a very believable doctor.
And I will tell you the very first time my reaction happened at the three minute mark of getting the vaccine.
I took one dose of Moderna and at three minutes, my, my blood pressure and my heart rate were through the roof.
And I went into the ER that night.
And the doctor, it was a private room.
They kind of want to keep me separate.
And they ran a bunch of tests and the doctor closed the door and he kind of sat down next to me real close and he said, you know, you're like the third patient today that has come in with the same problem.
And the guy that was in this room right before you, he's up in the ICU right now because he stroked out in this room.
And I was right in the same position.
And I said, what are we doing about, is anybody telling anybody?
people are getting vaccinated at like a massive rate, like lines of hours and hours and hours that people are standing outside, sitting in their cars, waiting to get vaccinated.
Is anybody talking about this?
And he said, no, we're not allowed to talk about it.
And we're not allowed to put it in your chart.
And that's why I shut the door.
They hear me talking about it.
That's so stunning.

[SPEAKER_16]
Unbelievable.

[SPEAKER_13]
And this was March 11th of 2021.

[SPEAKER_19]
Right.
And kudos to him for actually admitting that to you instead of gaslighting you.

[SPEAKER_14]
Well, that's why.
What did he go on to say would be my question, right?
Like how many did he see?
Did he stay silent?

[SPEAKER_13]
Well, exactly, exactly.
And right at the six week mark, I woke up with GBS and I had no use of my arms or legs.
And so for the ninth ER visit, my husband at the time took me back to the emergency room and said, we're not going home until you start doing some testing.
Like,
She can't move and the neurologist told me that you know vaccine injury.
She walked right in and said vaccine injury is not real You're faking it and put in my chart bilateral limb weakness due to lack of effort.
That's what my medical records

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, she's paralyzed, but it's due to lack of effort.
I mean, that's one of the reasons why we're suing UCSF, because when it happened to me, there were other doctors before me, and it just kept on happening.
And as a hospital, as doctors, their duty is to notify the public of harm.
Our job as medical providers is to keep people out of harm and to protect them.
And so
like you, Amanda, this hospital that knew, this doctor that knew, it is their duty to come forward and say, hey, we have a problem.
And so we need to hold them accountable and sue them for keeping this from the public.
Because how many people could we have saved had just some brave doctors and nurses come forward and said, hey, it's your choice, but we need to give you informed consent.
There are people, nurses and doctors,
who are coming in getting seriously injured and almost dying, or some people were dying from it, but they just kept it.

[SPEAKER_13]
I had nine ER visits and not a single VAERS report was filed.
I filed my own VAERS report and now when I go to search for it, it's gone.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, and that's against the law as well.

[SPEAKER_13]
I've been deleted.

[SPEAKER_04]
That's against the law as well.
They're mandatory reporters.

[SPEAKER_16]
Wow.
That's crazy that your VAERS report has been deleted.

[SPEAKER_04]
I've filed VAERS reports on several patients and I actually, I had Steve on the call with me, but one of the ladies who's investigating the deaths, she just called me because I filed one on somebody that I knew that passed away from the vaccine, somebody very near and dear and close to me.
And this lady on the phone that is the Vera's investigator said, I said, why are you calling me three years later?
I filed this report three years ago when this person died.
And she said, we are just so slammed.
We're so busy.
We're so slammed.
And I was like, well, what does that tell you about the system?
If you're so slammed because it's taking you three years to investigate the death of somebody who was killed by this vaccine, who is a friend of mine's child's son, this is just unbelievable.
Did she have an answer?
What did she say, Steve?
She kind of she that she's not going to talk about that.

[SPEAKER_19]
It's not my not my job.
I can't really comment on that.

[SPEAKER_04]
I can't comment.
I said, does this concern you that there's this that you're so backlogged?
Like, how do you feel about these vaccines?
Oh, I can't comment.
I can't give my personal opinion on it.

[SPEAKER_14]
They just push the pencils on the paper.

[SPEAKER_04]
What about your professional opinion?

[UNKNOWN]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_14]
It reminds me, doing the film, and Senator Ron Johnson saying that first, before the rollout, it was like an eight-hour Zoom call or whatever, hearing everything.
He said, in the call, they were going to be so careful.
If you even missed 15 minutes, any time at work, because of the vaccine, you're going to get a call.
And they were going to follow up and find out what happened.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_13]
Now we have DeFoya to get that information.
And every time I had a V-safe thing that said, put in your notes for V-safe, I used every single field, maximum characters to explain what was happening to me.
And so I never once got a phone call.
I called Moderna for like a month straight and every day I talked to them.
I said, hey, I'm having all these problems.
You really need to investigate this.
I'm really, I'm really sick.
I called them from the hospital and they'd say, okay,
We'll let our safety and security information department know.
Never heard back from them ever.
I probably called them 50 times.

[SPEAKER_19]
So did you ever get the call back from the various person, Angela?

[SPEAKER_04]
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, I did.

[SPEAKER_19]
And she and did you ask her that question that you were going to ask before?
Remember?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
Yeah.
No.
And she it was the same thing.

[SPEAKER_19]
It was can't can't comment.
It's not on my not my lane, not my lane.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
I'm just strictly here to get the information from you.
I mean, I guess I must say, I'm glad better late than never, but it's a little like three years too late.
How many people have died or been injured since then?

[SPEAKER_13]
But we knew that.
I saw a couple.
I saw a couple comments in the chat about being able to sue them.
That's nice, but it's not possible currently.
And so the only way that we have to get this information out is through shows like this.
This is the outlet.
This is the truth.
This is the place that we're allowed to bring it, and it's safe.
And, you know, if you want to know the truth, you know, places like this, the highway are the places that are actually investigating what is going on.
You know, Steve's amazing.
We sent him one case information and he's like, let me talk to them.
Will they talk to me?
You know, like, let me get the information.
I want all the information I can get.
And he's so hungry for that information.
And I just wish there was more people that, you know, could understand that if we have the information, we can show the truth.
but it's all suppressed.
And so we need the SRF to stick around.
I, for three years, I've been pouring my heart into this organization and I know many others have as well.
So please, um, Livio, do we have a total, a running total yet on our donations?
The last time I checked before I went on, we were at like $1,200.
That's great.

[SPEAKER_16]
On the give butter, we're at about $2,500, but I know we're getting donations in several different places as well as our website, so it could be a lot better.
But we, you know, so any, you know, any and all, and if you haven't contributed, anything helps.
And we are thankful for those who have contributed.
I want to give a shout out to Happy Hoofers, who actually donated $1,000 for the golf outing, or at least is available or eligible for that.

[SPEAKER_04]
That is going to be fun.

[SPEAKER_16]
That'll be great.

[SPEAKER_04]
Golfing with Steve, JP and Mickey.
I can't even imagine.
I want to be a fly on the wall.
Angela, we're going to be the beer cart, girl.
We'll keep giving you the beer cart.
We'll try the caddy.
If you're looking for truth in news, you've got to go to NTD News because that's where you'll also hear the truth.
Watch the documentary, Unseen Crisis, but that news is really the only trusted news that I listen to or get is Epoch News.
So, NTD News.
The only ones that I trust, because I know how much you vet all the information that's coming through to us on that.

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah, I get my information first thing in the morning when I get my digest from Epic Times.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah.
Great.
Thank you.
Yes.
Well, it's, you know, in a similar way, we completely survive on, you know, individual subscribers and individuals that, I mean, this is what this whole network of people, we all, you know, the big money's not coming from anywhere.

[SPEAKER_19]
How many staff are there for Epic Times US?

[SPEAKER_14]
I don't know.
It's very hard because now we have different offices, but also a lot of independent reporters here and there.
And then, of course, NTD and Epoch Times, there's cooperation on editorial things.
I need to figure out an answer to that question because I actually don't know.

[SPEAKER_19]
There's a lot.

[SPEAKER_04]
There's a lot.
What?
I was so impressed.

[SPEAKER_19]
And I'll bet the United States government is heavily subsidizing you because they want to get the truth out, right?

[SPEAKER_14]
Oh, yeah.
Right.
Actually, you know, it's so funny.

[SPEAKER_19]
Like you have to turn down donors who want to get to you.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, every day.
In the early days, everyone was like, you know, it's funded by the CIA.
And we're like, I wish I wish because I'm making the paycheck.
Where is the money?
Yeah, exactly.
All right, CIA, come fund us.

[SPEAKER_19]
Yeah, but where's the check again?

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah.
At one point there was a CIA recruitment ad in the newspaper and we're like, look at it.
We are offended by the CIA.
It's all true.

[SPEAKER_19]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
If anybody has ever been there, what I was so just blown away with when I went to your office in New York was that room where the news, the China, the news was coming in.
The control room.
The control room, yes.
That was really impressive.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, because people don't know Epoch Times and NTD Television both started out as Chinese language media started by Chinese Americans who wanted to get the truth out about China can talk about things like human rights abuses and pro-democracy and persecution of Falun Gong.
That's how a lot of it started.
And so we were enemy number one for the Chinese communist regime.
But we broadcast NTD broadcast via satellite into China from neighboring countries satellites.
And so, yeah, you go to our control room, you can see there's the feed right there that's, you know, beaming into China right now.
And, you know, it's our 12th and 13th satellites, because the Chinese regime is always trying to shut us down.
So they will go and if we're on some satellite, they'll
go threaten them.
It's either carrot and stick.
In fact, some years ago, we were on UTELSAT, which is a French EU satellite.
And we discovered, so first they tried to kick us off.
We're like, no, no, we have a contract.
You can't kick us off.
And members of Congress were actually, you know, signing petition, trying to put pressure on helping us.
Then all of a sudden, NTD's transponder malfunctioned.
The only channel from that satellite, the only one.
And so through investigation, it was actually Reporters Without Borders called them up pretending to be their like, you know, China counterparts.
And basically what they discovered through calling them up and, you know, impersonating the Chinese was that they had purposely, they were trying to get a contract to carry the
CCP stations and they didn't, you know, weren't getting anywhere.
So like, aha, we know what we'll do.
We'll put on this station and that'll get their attention.
And they came like, oh, okay, we'll take them off, you know, in exchange for it.
They literally planned the whole thing.
And, you know, it was all recorded, but that's what we've, you know, faced over the years.
So yeah, there are no big donors.
There are no, no CIA funding where anytime we've got, you know, advertisers
The local consulate or embassy is, you know, knocking on the door with the carrot or the stick, one of the two, but, you know, telling lies and you need to, you know, don't deal with them.
Um, but with people were extremely popular.
It's just, they've made it extremely difficult, you know, financially, but people are craving for it.
And, you know, it turns out now in English, um, there's a premium on telling the truth and, you know, reporting things that people don't want to be reported on.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_19]
Yeah, who'd have guessed?
Can you disclose the number of subscribers that you have?

[SPEAKER_14]
Uh, it's, I don't want to miss a million something.
Yeah.
I, I, I'm not actually a hundred percent certain, but it's over a million paid subscribers.
A lot of them for a print newspaper.
Others are just digital subscribers and 95% of Epoch times funding is from individual subscribers.
You know, a bit of donors, bit of advertising, that kind of thing, but almost all of it.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Thank you, man.
Thank you, Angela.
Thank you everyone.
Um, but yeah, that's what keeps us.
going, you know, and that's why we're able to do what we're able to do and no one can pressure us.
And we've been, you know, we were being canceled before cancel culture was a thing, you know, and we've been debunking fake news before there was a thing called fake news.
And that's, you know, our DNA.
So

[SPEAKER_04]
It's so amazing to hear that things that I didn't even know was happening around the world that you and Jan shared when I was with you about the trafficking, the human trafficking of organs and what they would do.
I mean, it's so criminal.
I think what they did to us with the vaccines is so criminal, but tell us just briefly what they were doing in the prison system.

[SPEAKER_14]
Well, it's still doing, not even in the past, so still doing.
So China, it's government-run, an organ industry.
So they've stopped advertising on English websites now once they kind of called out for it.
But in the beginning, and the reporting kind of uncovered it in 2006, but it started in 2000.
Killing, on order, prisoners of conscience, started out with mostly Falun Gong, now Uyghur Muslims, some house Christians, killing prisoners of conscience to order, to fulfill organ transplant needs, right?
So, you know, if you're in America and you need a heart, kidney, lung, kidney, a living donor can donate, but, you know, say a heart.
You can be on the wait list for years and you might die before you get your heart.
Well, isn't it interesting in China, you can schedule a heart transplant in two weeks.
And the only way that's possible is if they have a database of people who are pre, you know, blood tested and tissue type and they can dial it up, find your match and kill them to give you a heart.
It's a billion, billions of dollar industry in China.
I can't remember the numbers now, but there's no actual organ donation in China.
It's not like you sign your driver's license, right?
So they told people to make them
to give an understandable story that, oh, these are people who are on death row anyway, you know, okay, well, they were, you know, a hardened criminal and they're a terrible person, at least, you know, some good's gonna come of it.
Well, the numbers are just so off the chart that there's just no believable, even if that was you were okay with that, which is ethically questionable anyhow, but the numbers are just so off the chart they built from when they started doing this.
and this was years ago already, the number was over 700 transplant hospitals just dedicated to transplant.
This is all government run.
And so they're literally killing people to fulfill orders.
So we talk about medical malpractice.
And so you think about it, if the regime is capable of doing that, what aren't they capable of?
So everything they did around COVID, highly believable now, right?
Not telling people, letting it out of the country, controlling WHO, lying to the world.
you know, everything they've done with holding, you know, PPE, giving shoddy PPE when they were, you know, supposedly, you know, saving the day and sending masks and things that were completely faulting out the mask, didn't much any, anyhow.
But yeah, this is what the regime is capable of.
This is what they do.
This is what they're, they're still doing.

[SPEAKER_04]
It didn't trick people too.
People thought they were getting good medicine.
Like, oh, I'm going to jail, but they're like taking my tissue samples and doing complete physicals on me.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_14]
Well, that was part of what we were part of in the investigations.
We started to hear stories.
Of course,
Nobody survives this, right?
So you don't get the, yeah, they took me into the operating room and, you know, they can tell the story, they can't.
But what we did hear a lot of stories are people who are prisoners of conscience.
Like I said, a lot of them Falun Gong practitioners, that's who we're talking to.
And with the Uyghurs, the Falun Gong practitioners, probably the house Christians too, very healthy lifestyles.
We don't, you know, they're not smoking and drinking, you know, so really good for the organs.
So on the one hand, they're being tortured in prison for their beliefs.
On the other hand, they're coming in and doing a full physical and taking their blood and testing their organs and their tissues and stuff so they can, you know, fill in the database.
And people, they didn't know what was going on before investigations happened that started to come out.
Nobody knew.
They just, and they didn't even know that was a significant story to tell someone until it, you know, started to come out and the pieces were put together.
And all these people who, you know, eventually did get out of a labor camp or a prison are like, yeah, yeah, that was me too.
Wow, that happened to me too.
Wow.
And then they started
because they, you know, keep lists of who all these people are, even if they're not in prison, they were literally going door to door and going to people's houses, giving them a health examination and putting them into the database.
And then when they needed to kill them to fill an order, they would come to their house and arrest them.
And, and that was that literally, and still doing this, this is still going on.
Unbelievable.
That's why.

[SPEAKER_19]
So how do you get exempted from the list of your on your organs?

[SPEAKER_14]
I don't think there's a way you can unless you're, you know, you don't test, you know, unless your organs are faulty, but you know, they'll take your eyes, corny.
The first person who came out when this very first came out, you know, it was interesting.
It was a Japanese investigative reporter who is investigating the SARS cover up in 2003.
That was, and they were like,
kind of stopped out watching this hospital and they noticed these prisoners were being brought to this hospital.
Anyway, they pieced it together.
And then the first person to come forward was a nurse at this hospital.
And her husband was an eye, her ex-husband, but it was an eye surgeon there.
And he was starting to have all these nightmares and just really troubled.
And she finally got it out of him is because he was taking corneas while still not even under anesthetics.
corneas out of people to use for cornea transplants.
I guess that's how they started or maybe this hospital specialized in that.

[SPEAKER_19]
And what would they tell the people they're taking the corneas from?
Or would they just drug them?

[SPEAKER_14]
They don't need to tell them anything.

[SPEAKER_19]
What happens to them after their corneas removed?
Do they kill them?

[SPEAKER_14]
Well, very often, especially with the organs, they would do live transplants because of course, if you're a medical professional, you know that your organs and you want the body to be alive.
So they didn't kill them.
They killed them by extraction.
That was actually how they killed them.
Usually without anesthetic, why would you waste anesthesia on someone you're trying to kill?
So I don't know if they just took the corneas or they moved them to the next room to take their heart and their liver.
Like, we don't know.
We just know that there was this one doctor who was, you know, had pangs about it.
We don't know.
Or they send them back to prison blind, wait for the next organ to be ordered.
Goodness knows.
I have no idea.

[SPEAKER_19]
It's so horrible.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah.
You know, I was at there's
Still happening, still happening, but a lot more undercover.
But you know, investigations, there was two very big investigations by two Canadian researchers, or well, actually human rights lawyer and the former Secretary of State for Asia Pacific for Canada.
And so they did very deep investigations, including, you know, calling up hospitals and are getting Chinese people to help them call up or Westerners and pretending, you know, that they were looking
for a transplant.
They go, oh yes, guaranteed.
Yes, we can do it in two weeks, you know, all this stuff.
But the one case that they documented, there was a guy who went over and he had some rare, I think it was a kidney condition.
They did eight transplants on him before one took.
They killed eight people to get an organ to take.
Where does that happen?
And there was another one, they're advancing the technology, of course, to do these transplants.
So there was a Chinese doctor doing a demonstration, an operation demonstration, a teaching demonstration for international doctors.
And he had backup organs in case this one had a problem, backups in the tray over there.
If you're in the industry, this is not a possible scenario, and it's documented in the write-up of this research.
It's interesting.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
It's unbelievable.
This is what the regime is capable of.
It made me think of it because this heart that we're trying to get here from Australia, he was laying there waiting for weeks and weeks and weeks.
for a heart, and that's just how it works.
It's like you get an organ when somebody passes away and you're on the list.
To be able to kill people and pay, how much would people pay for these organs?

[SPEAKER_14]
My heart was top dollar is about, I think it was 80 or a hundred thousand dollars, but that was back in like 2006, 2008 when they were kind of publishing this and you could see the prices and call and find out.
But yeah, the heart was the most.
It was like 80 or a hundred thousand dollars.
Guaranteed two weeks, go get your heart.

[SPEAKER_04]
Big money making business and I'm sure- Billions.
Billions.
So many prisoners were innocent.
They just, they wanted their organs.
So like you said, they would show up to their homes and all of them.

[SPEAKER_14]
Almost all of them.
It was like, like I said, like Falun Gong practitioners who, you know, just ancient meditation practice or Uyghurs, you know, in Xinjiang or house Christians, like these were the prime targets for this.
Yeah.
Peaceful people practicing their religion.
Exactly.
And so, you know, back in 2006, so when this very first came out, I was living in Thailand at the time and there's something called the transplant games.
It's like an Olympics for people who have had a life-saving transplant operation.
And that year it happened to be in Thailand, you know, where I was living and we got in there and got a booth, you know, to explain, you know, share with people what was going on.
Everything else was like medical related and we were the only, you know, kind of
human rights or whatever it was booth in there.
But the person who was running it was, you know, understood how horrible this was and was helping, you know, to spread the word.
And so it took about 30 seconds for everyone I spoke to to understand there was something terribly wrong because they all had had transplants or were transplant doctors or had a loved one, right?
So they know that you cannot schedule a heart transplant.
You know, they know there's something terribly wrong.
But there was this one older British man who got really angry at me, like really angry.
and wouldn't accept it at all.
And I didn't think of it at the time.
It was still, I guess, also new, but it didn't occur to me that he probably went to China and he probably got his heart or whatever the organ was in China.
And I felt so bad because you can imagine hearing that and what you would feel.
I mean, he was, you know, would have been told that it was death row prisoner gonna die anyway, at least, you know, they're doing something good, which, you know, you can have,
your thoughts about, but it's a lot better than what's actually going on.
And he, poor man, I felt really badly because if I had thought of it, I could have, it's not your fault.
You were told to lie, don't feel bad.
You know, you can help let other people know, like poor man.

[SPEAKER_04]
That's why it's so important that we have these organizations telling the truth because we, we do not want to end up being in a communist country like China like that.
I mean, we cannot, we cannot get there.
We have to fight for our freedom, fight for medical truth, fight for the rights of, of innocent people.
And, and we can't let our country get like that.
I mean, that is just horrific that that I didn't even know that it was occurring and I'm in the medical field, you know, awful, awful.

[SPEAKER_14]
And still going on and all controlled by the state.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_16]
Thank you for all the work that you continue to do and telling us all of this that, you know, I didn't know the half of what you were talking about and I thought I knew a little bit.
Yeah.
And we really appreciate you coming and supporting us this evening.
It really means a lot to us that you took the time tonight to join us in conversation and help us raise some funds for VSRF.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yes, thank you so much.
I hope it goes well because you guys are doing incredible, incredible work and it's needed.
It's really, really needed.

[SPEAKER_13]
We don't want to stop.
We're all emotionally tied to this organization and we don't want to have to put it aside and give it up.
We want to keep on going.
None of us want to just say we're done.
We want to keep going.

[SPEAKER_14]
Well, and the work isn't done either.
It's not done.
It's not like you can not hold up the tent and say we've succeeded.

[SPEAKER_16]
It's going to keep getting crazier, especially as we get closer to the election and beyond the election, regardless of who is elected.
Thank you, Cindy, and hope to see you back soon.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yes.
Yeah.
Thank you all.
And hope to see whoever in that.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thanks for all your love for the vaccine injured.
You're a gem.
Yes.
Good night.
Good night.

[SPEAKER_16]
Well, uh, what an incredible show.
And I mean, the people we had tonight, Mickey and JP and Cindy and Dr. Paul Merrick and Deepak.
Oh my God.
It was, uh, it's our family.

[SPEAKER_13]
It's our family.
All of our people.

[SPEAKER_16]
And of course you, Amanda, thank you for sharing so much and opening up and being here.
And I want to thank everyone out there who donated tonight.

[SPEAKER_15]
Thank you so much.

[SPEAKER_16]
And continues to support us.
I've been told that we had several people jockeying for the golf outing.
So we'll sort that out and announce that later on.
But really, thank you all for all your support, for showing up every week and for your donations.
and we can't do what we do without you.
Hopefully we will have raised enough to keep us going for a little while longer and maybe to the end of the year, that would be fantastic to keep fighting the fight.
Steve, how are you feeling about this evening?

[SPEAKER_19]
I don't know what the totals are, but I'm optimistic.

[SPEAKER_04]
And Steve is still fighting the fight.
He's actually leaving tomorrow and he'll be in Geneva next week fighting the fight, speaking out at
the WHO and at the rally and while he's there, I'll be at another event speaking out.
Livia and I will be at an event speaking out about the vaccine injured.

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah, we'll be at Reawaken America in Detroit and Amanda will be there.

[SPEAKER_04]
So we're not stopping.
We are motivated to keep on in this.
We have a lot more work to do.
We've made so much progress and we've done so much, but there's still a lot to be done.
So thank you all so much for everything.
Steve, you stay safe in Geneva.

[SPEAKER_13]
And if it all goes well, I may have some connections on the backend.
I'm hoping we'll have a live stream on the high wire of getting that broadcasted so that we can show your speech live from the rally at Geneva.
Yes.

[SPEAKER_16]
My heartfelt thank you to everyone who donated this evening and has in the past and continue to do so in the future.
You are part of our family here at VSRF.
And I'm going to close out tonight's show.
We will be back next week with Sean Buckley, a lawyer from Canada.
And it's going to be a great interview with Steve.
We'll have that for you next week.
But tonight I'm going to close out with about a five to six minute trailer for the film by a great filmmaker, Matt Guthrie.
He's directing this film that Mickey was talking about earlier called Follow the Silenced.
I know, Amanda, you're featured in this film and there's some of you in this trailer.
It was supposed to come out in the spring, but it's going to be out a little later in the year.
They're still putting some finishing touches on the film.
So we're going to leave you with this trailer.
Thank you, everyone.
Again, have a great rest of your evening and weekend, and we'll see you next week and hopefully beyond.
Have a great night, everyone.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thank you guys so much.
We appreciate it.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_17]
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_20]
The first question was why isn't the United States looking in our own backyard for our data?
But they were.
They just weren't telling us what it said.

[SPEAKER_06]
I need to take this out.
No.
I need this out.
I can't do it.

[SPEAKER_09]
Most of you have never heard of me.

[SPEAKER_11]
I did my part.
I got it.

[SPEAKER_09]
And most likely have never heard of most of us here.

[SPEAKER_11]
I'm scared and sad and hurting too.
I am you and I just want someone to help me too.
Thank you guys.

[SPEAKER_01]
I would like to introduce, I'm proud to introduce, Miss Breanne Dressen.

[SPEAKER_08]
I don't know where to go.
Her cause of death, her actual cause of death is back on this thing.

[SPEAKER_06]
And I did not want to be the one to do it.
It's been three months and it's still for me.

[SPEAKER_09]
every single day.

[SPEAKER_13]
The worst part was I could not walk.
I couldn't move my arms or legs.
I couldn't walk.
I couldn't move.
I couldn't move.
I couldn't move.
I couldn't move.

[SPEAKER_09]
I couldn't move.

[SPEAKER_08]
I can't feel my legs.
I can't feel anything.

[SPEAKER_04]
They're not calling the FDA.

[SPEAKER_06]
They're calling us.
I don't want to die.
I want to still live for my kids.
Blood clot in his internal jugular vein.

[SPEAKER_00]
Next week is his birthday.
You don't want me to celebrate his birthday.

[SPEAKER_09]
Why it is the responsibility of sick people to do this is beyond me.
I participated in the clinical trial for AstraZeneca.
She participated in the Pfizer COVID vaccine trial.
They dropped me from the trial.
35 adverse events reduced to functional abdominal pain.
It's a stomach ache.
I wonder what else was hidden.
The truth is not out there.
And it's thanks to these guys.
They've done everything they can to hide people, to hide injustices, and to even literally hide the cries.
of those people that are suffering.

[SPEAKER_06]
If we try to talk about it on social media, you get banned.
People don't know we even exist.

[SPEAKER_09]
Denise Hertz is on an email string with the heads of the NIH.

[SPEAKER_08]
These are safe and effective products.

[SPEAKER_09]
The CDC.
There is no bad time to get your second shot.

[SPEAKER_21]
the heads of the FDA.
We have very good safety surveillance systems in place.

[SPEAKER_15]
If you look at VAERS database, there are more than 1,000 neurological side effects already reported.

[SPEAKER_21]
None of us are denying that there's potential vaccine injury here.

[SPEAKER_20]
We already have 1,200 people who've died.

[SPEAKER_18]
And that's in about two months of availability.

[SPEAKER_21]
For these mRNA vaccines, there is incredible BS out there about thousands of people dying, etc.
That just ain't true.

[SPEAKER_10]
This stack of patients are patients that are stuck.
There were 50 to 100 reports going missing, and I mean, VAERS IDs being disappeared.
If they put down that it was a vaccine injury, they actually won't get reimbursed, so it gets labeled as anxiety.

[SPEAKER_01]
Diagnosed with a vertigo, severe panic attack.
Functional neurologic disorder.

[SPEAKER_10]
Factitious disorder.
So basically, she was making him up.

[SPEAKER_18]
I was muffled.
I was told I was wrong.
I was told to go home, and I was told not to talk.

[SPEAKER_10]
These are human lives.
They're just going to stay in limbo forever.

[SPEAKER_06]
There was a whistleblower early on, Brooke Jackson, last year.

[SPEAKER_10]
I contacted the FDA and submitted a formal complaint.

[SPEAKER_06]
They're unblinding patients.

[SPEAKER_01]
How many studies do you run where you take the placebo group and give them vaccine too?

[SPEAKER_15]
I threatened to go public no matter what the consequence was.

[SPEAKER_00]
The government killed my baby.
I'm not going to stop this fight.

[SPEAKER_15]
I told my family that I was going to end my life.
I got to look at my son and tell him, honey, I'm going to be OK.

[SPEAKER_13]
But in my heart, I don't know if I'm going to be OK.
I don't know if I'm going to wake up tomorrow.
I don't know if I'm going to be in a wheelchair the rest of my life.

[SPEAKER_06]
It broke my son to hear that his mom wanted to die.

[SPEAKER_02]
because she had gotten a COVID vaccine.

[SPEAKER_08]
These are human stories.
These aren't people with political agendas.
If I was an anti-vaxxer, I wouldn't have been standing in the freaking line to get the shot.
I just want my daughter back.

[SPEAKER_09]
So this story has everything to be interesting, right?

[SPEAKER_00]
You've got scandal.
BMUC had offered me money if I changed my son's death certificate from enlarged heart to COVID.
You've got secrets.
The FDA wanted 75 years to release this data.

[SPEAKER_04]
And what the FDA did to me
was contact Pfizer and get me fired.

[SPEAKER_21]
We don't have any secrets here.

[SPEAKER_06]
We've got money.
A patent for the Moderna vaccine is owned by the Department of Health and Human Services.

[SPEAKER_09]
And power.
This is not about freedom or personal choice.
At the base of this story, the very center of this story is love.
I won't sleep until this war is done.
Because without validation, without love, without acceptance, healing cannot happen.
We can't give up.
Let's get you some of your life back, okay?
And we can't give in.
I know that I'm on the other side of the country, but I promise you, you're not alone.
So that's what this story is about.
It's about love.
I'm not gonna give up.
and I'm not gonna give up on these people.
