[SPEAKER_06]
We don't need no education We don't need no thought control No dark sarcasm
Cheater
around me.
And I don't need no drugs to calm me.
I have seen the writing on the wall.
Don't think I need
All in all you were, all just bricks in the wall.
All in all you were, all just bricks in the wall.
All in all you were, all just bricks in the wall.

[SPEAKER_01]
Tonight on VSRF Live, we're joined by pediatrician Dr. Larry Polewski and Lucia Sinatra from No College Mandates for an essential discussion focusing on critical issues that affect our children.

[SPEAKER_02]
What I have found is that most of the time when children have an acute illness, it is almost never an infection.
we have really missed the boat on what brings children to develop acute illnesses and what are the contributing factors or causative factors that bring on the onset of symptoms.
And I'm gonna say something that's probably most interesting and maybe a little revelatory for most people.
The onset of an acute illness is actually one of the greatest ways the body can work to save itself from harm and dying.

[SPEAKER_01]
Good evening and welcome to another episode of VSRF Live.
I'm your host, Livio Sanchez.
Thank you for joining us tonight.
It's early September, which means it's back to school time.
Whether your kids are starting preschool or like mine heading off to college, this time of year is always filled with excitement, preparation and questions about their health and wellbeing.
Tonight, we will be joined by pediatrician, Dr. Larry Polewski, who utilizes a holistic approach to children's wellness and illness.
As the new school year begins, conversations around immunizations are at the forefront, and we'll get Dr. Poleski's take on parental options given his highly informed and alternative perspectives on childhood vaccinations.
Additionally, later in the show, our friend Gia Sinatra from No College Mandates
will join us to discuss the ongoing challenges and developments surrounding vaccine mandates in higher education, providing an update on what students and parents should know as they begin the upcoming academic year.
So sit back, stay informed, and join the conversation by sending in your questions.
We're excited to dive into these important discussions with you tonight.
Before we begin, I want to take a moment to thank all of you, our loyal VSRF followers, for showing up every week.
Your support is the backbone of everything we do and we couldn't do it without you, as our work relies entirely on donations.
We have a new raffle starting tonight.
There's the QR code on the screen.
We are putting together a small library of books about medical fraud, mind control, and government corruption from some of our favorite authors.
A couple of titles we are considering are Dissolving Illusions by Dr. Suzanne Humphreys.
and The Psychology of Totalitarianism by Matthias Desmet.
Every raffle ticket costs $10.
The more entries you buy, the more chances you have to win.
So please help support us and donate today by entering the raffle.
Every donation counts and all donations are tax deductible.
Janet will put the Give Butter raffle link in the chat.
We're planning to keep this raffle open through October 10th.
Thank you again for your continued support.
And now, before we get to our guests, I want to bring on VSRF founder, MIT grad, Steve Kirsch.

[SPEAKER_03]
How are you this evening, Steve?
I'm good.
Hopefully my audio is good.
My white balance is a little bit off, but that's because of the equipment I have to use here for right now.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, it's working right now.
The sound is good.
You look pretty good.
And, uh, you know, a little birdie told me that you are on, I think, uh, like day 11 of your fast.
Is that correct?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
I haven't had anything to eat for 11 days.
Wow.
How are you feeling?
Okay.

[SPEAKER_01]
You look good.
So far.
I also heard that you're considering eliminating meat or maybe going vegan.
Is that true?

[SPEAKER_03]
You know, my daughter has been after me to do that.
And it's funny that you mentioned that because I'm listening to a YouTube video on insulin resistance and it actually
uh, suggests that insulin resistance is because you have too much insulin floating around.
And the worst thing you want to do for insulin resistance is to add more insulin to the picture.
And the best way to get rid of insulin is simply to eliminate carbs and go on a, um,
Uh, it was essentially a ketogenic diet, but a lot of people avoid protein when they do their ketogenic diet, but because of a gluconeogenesis, but what's interesting, uh, and I learned in this podcast, which I'd never heard before is that when you eliminate the carbs, your insulin response to a protein is completely different.
than if you're processing carbs for energy.
And so the spike in getting you out of
uh, ketosis caused by protein, uh, doesn't happen.
And in fact, they talk about the nutritional ketosis being 0.5 on the ketone meter.
And that that's, that was really very arbitrary that if you're in 0.1 or more, the point is that if you're in ketosis, you're not secreting any insulin.
And so.
That's kind of the that was an interesting insight so it actually argues for the reverse because.
Here at true north they want you to be on this complete vegan diet which is basically lots of carbs.
small on protein and I think it's relatively small on fat as well.
Whereas this other video says, hey, you're diabetic.
Your problem is insulin resistance.
It's not too much glucose.
And the way to do that is to go and turn it down and go ketogenic.
And so people on a carnivore diet actually do really, really well
because it's just protein and fat.
So there you go.

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, it sounds incentivizing enough.
I have to ask, how is your vision doing?
Are you seeing any improvement?

[SPEAKER_03]
A little bit.
It's happening slowly, but I am getting some vision back.
I'm able to see through the darkness more than I was able to before.
And we found out there's a, uh, there's actually stem cell therapy that could be used.
And then we found out it's not in human trials yet.
It won't be for two years.
And the company that's doing it that has licensed the technology doesn't have any funding.

[SPEAKER_01]
Interesting.
So they just need a little, a little funding to help maybe do this, uh, potential research and work that could help you.

[SPEAKER_03]
That's right.
So we're trying to set up a call with them to learn more.

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, maybe we can set up a funding drive for that.
That would be really good.
One last thing I wanted to ask you about.
I know you've been busy working like mad on your sub stack and I wanted to highlight one article that you wrote.
The COVID vaccinated kids are dying regularly from cardiac arrest.
And because I was having a conversation with
a pro-vaccine friend.
And when I mentioned if they'd noticed, you know, the rise in myocarditis in young people, they just either just don't notice they're not seeing it in the news.
They're just in.
So I wanted to highlight this.
Tell me, tell me what you found here, Steve.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, I did a query on CDC Wonder.
And some people have criticized my theory, my query, because I looked at individual age groups and they don't report anything for individual age groups if it's less than 10.
But the point is that it's like kids under age 23 simply do not die from heart attacks.
And now it's just a regular thing.
It's insane.
I posted a
a news article and then I found out that then there's this other Twitter thing that I found and it was also for an 11 year old that 11 year olds dying from cardiac arrest is now the new normal.
And, uh, and, you know, so here's the, so I found that it says 11 year olds dying of heart attacks.
Stop that.
Well, you know, if, if there's only one 11 year old dying from heart attacks, how does somebody come up with a poster like that?
Right.

[SPEAKER_01]
You know, they must be saying more than one.
It must be quite common where they're coming from.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
So I saw that, you know, and I didn't search.
I just ran across it.
It's insane what is going on.
And I was talking to Heiko Sepp, who's a former triathlete.
He got the second shot of Pfizer.
And 40 minutes later, this guy goes from top triathlete who wins all these contests.
or places second or third in them.
And he can't breathe.
40 minutes after his Pfizer shot, he can't breathe.
And this guy is in top physical condition.
He gets the shot 40 minutes after.
He can't breathe, and he has never recovered.
It's now three years later.
from the shot and he is still unable to walk reliably.
He's unable to read reliably.
He says that in the evenings his vision is so blurry he can't read.
This guy went from the pinnacle of health to being severely disabled.
And it happened 40 minutes after his Pfizer shot.
And he went to the doctors and he seen 50 doctors for his condition.
And he said that there are only four doctors out of the 50 who acknowledged that he had a vaccine injury.
The other 46 doctors said that it was a coincidence, but
They don't know what he has and they don't know what caused it.

[SPEAKER_01]
But it wasn't the vaccine.
I'm astounded that they know for sure what it wasn't, but they don't have a clue what it might have been.
And that was the only thing that was changed.

[SPEAKER_03]
Because the medical literature says vaccines are safe and effective and they don't produce any side effects.

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, I'm looking forward to getting into that subject.
We're actually going to try to get him on a future episode and I'm going to watch that documentary tomorrow documentary.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
I wrote a, a, a, a sub stack recently and I have a link to, to the video.
It's well worth watching.
It's, it's only 10 minutes.
It's a, it's a, um, it's a great story and he's basically being abandoned by the, the, uh, all the medical authorities, all of the,
the medical help that's supposed to help him.
Um, you know, he's just not getting any help at all.
It's really, really sad.
It's tragic.
Such a nice guy too.

[SPEAKER_01]
What a tragic story.
And we, and we know that there's multiples of in magnitude comprehension that are like him.

[SPEAKER_03]
Oh, of course.
Yeah.
He's just a, uh, a great poster child showing that here's someone at the top of health can go and go from
Uh, super healthy to disabled in just 40 minutes after the Pfizer shot.
I, it is unbelievable to me that there is nobody who will listen to any of these stories.
I mean, there are a few people in Congress or I have a list of like five or six people in Congress out of 435 members of the house.
There are six members of the house that.
have figured out that the harms outweigh the benefits for the COVID vaccine.

[SPEAKER_01]
The rest are incentivized to look the other way.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, and my contact said that there's no hope of ever getting Congress to reverse the exemption for vaccines so that you can sue these manufacturers for what they've done.
It's just horrible.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, it's awful.
Well, we'll transition up.
Before we dive into our conversation with Dr. Polevsky, I want to remind you, our audience, that VSRF Live is all about bringing you the truth, unfiltered and uncut.
We're here to discuss the issues that matter, to ask the tough questions, and to provide a platform for voices that often go unheard in mainstream media.
As always, we encourage our listeners to participate in the discussion.
Please drop your questions in the chat.
due to the high volume of questions that we receive.
If you would like to guarantee that your question gets answered, you can donate $5 in the Rumble Rants and we will bump your question to the beginning of the queue.
Your support not only helps us prioritize your questions, but also keeps this platform running so we can continue to bring you the content you care about.
And now, without further ado, let's welcome Dr. Larry Polewski to the show.
Larry, great to see you.
Thank you for coming on VSRF Live.

[SPEAKER_02]
It's great to see you and thank you for inviting me.

[SPEAKER_01]
I'm gonna read your bio before I let you and Steve have a conversation.
Dr. Polewski is a New York State licensed pediatrician who takes a holistic approach to children's wellness.
He earned his medical degree from NYU School of Medicine in 1987 and completed his pediatric residency at Mount Sinai Hospital in 1990.
With over three decades of experience, Dr. Polewski has worked across various pediatric fields, including emergency, intensive care, neonatal, and integrative medicine.
a diplomat of the American Board of Integrative Holistic Medicine and former president of the American Holistic Medical Association.
He specializes in preventive and holistic health, mindful parenting, nutrition, and alternative treatments for both common and complex conditions.
Dr. Polewski is also a respected educator and speaker, teaching holistic pediatric medicine worldwide.
You can hear him on his weekly podcast,
critically thinking with Dr. T and Dr. P every Thursday at 7 p.m. Eastern, except tonight because he's here with us, or explore more of his work at DrPolefsky.com.
Welcome and again, thank you for joining us.
Steve, I will let you take over the conversation.

[SPEAKER_03]
Thank you, Livio.
So Dr. P,
I guess you're Dr. P and not Dr. T. That would be my educated guess.
How many patients are in your pediatric practice?

[SPEAKER_02]
It's a good question because there are a lot of patients who come and go.
Some move out of the state, some come back, some don't come every year.
So probably somewhere between 500 and 1500, but the numbers may be more.
I don't fully keep track.

[SPEAKER_03]
And how many of those kids got the COVID shot, the safe and effective COVID vaccine?

[SPEAKER_02]
I'm sure that was a sarcastic remark, safe and effective.
I don't administer shots in my office.
And so the majority of the patients in my office don't get it.
There are some outliers who might, they probably don't come to my office any longer.
And those kids are more college age, but from a one or zero to 18, probably as close to zero as you can get.

[SPEAKER_03]
Wow.
Cause I was going to ask you what kind of side effects and how many deaths you had, but I guess you won't be able to be giving me any statistics today.
You know, you're a, you're a pretty unusual doctor because most doctors they'll kick you out of the medical practice.
If your child isn't vaccinated now.
I was wondering if you could give us some insights as to why a doctor would tell you to go away that we don't want you in our medical practice if you're not vaccinated.
Is that because of?
One, I'll give you a multiple choice because the people at the medical practice are afraid of getting these horrible diseases because you're not vaccinated, or two, because they have to meet their 85 percent threshold in order to get the extra incentive compensation than when everyone is vaccinated.

[SPEAKER_02]
That's a good question.
Most pediatric practices take multiple insurances.
In order to stay on the books for those insurances, the pediatricians have to meet a certain percentage of vaccinated children.
And if they don't meet those percentages, then they will be either fined or the bonus money that they get at the end of the year for having had so much
so many so much such high percentages and they want to make sure that they don't lose that money.
That's number one.
Number two is really ideology.
I mean, there's a clear ideology.
I mean, what would pediatricians do in their office if they did not offer vaccines?
To them, it is the core of pediatric practice.
There's nothing else to do for kids.
What do you weigh them?
You do their height.
You do their head circumference.
You just fill out their school forms and you give them their shots.
And then you send them back on their way.
That's a well visit.
And there's really very little time.
So it's it's incentive.
It's a big money incentive for pediatricians.
The insurance companies may drop them if they don't keep a percentage.
And it's an ideology.
It's the core of principles of Western medical practice.

[SPEAKER_03]
And why would insurance companies drop you if you didn't have
the required percentage of patients who are vaccinated.
What's why?
What is the insurance company?
What's in it for the insurance company?

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, they own the pediatric practices, essentially.
I mean, they dictate medical practice.
They tell doctors what they can and can't do.
They encourage certain medications.
They encourage for procedures against procedures.
I mean, they are essentially running pediatric medicine.
So
There's very little that doctors can do outside the parameters that insurance companies have set.
And pediatricians won't get reimbursed and even parents won't be covered for certain interventions and drugs that doctors prescribe if it's not approved by the insurance companies.

[SPEAKER_03]
Okay, but what's driving the insurance company to do this?
Is it a philosophical thing that they think that kids are healthier if they're vaccinated?
Or does it have to do with any economics that they've somehow determined that vaccinated kids result in fewer payoffs?
Because the insurance company is only paying if the doctor is sued for malpractice, right?
So is it done for economic reasons or is it done for philosophical reasons like, hey, we're insurance companies and we want to keep America healthy and we think vaccines are safe and effective and we don't like dealing with evil doctors?

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, I think you are correct.
The business of America is business.
And so in these practices, they want to get as many kids vaccinated as possible.
And they do think that it is the best form of prevention in medicine.
However, I think if we looked under the covers, we might see that there may be some other understandings because it's not a secret that vaccine injury is common.
And I wouldn't be surprised if they know it.
And they also know that with vaccine injury, the kids are products of the Western medical system for life because they're going to constantly need to come back to the office because of how sick they are if they've gotten the shots and then how much medications they're going to use
for their side effects of the shots so that they can be patients for life.
It is an economic issue predominantly, but they're also, as I said, it's very ideological.
Vaccines are the only thing to prevent illness.
They're the only thing to prevent death.
And these pediatricians are going to tell the parents, your kid will die if you don't get the shot for your kid.
We can't have you.
We won't meet our quotas and you will be a danger to other children if you don't get your children vaccinated, which again is another myth.
Myth number one, vaccines are safe and effective.
Myth number two, vaccine injury is rare.
Myth number three, unvaccinated children carry germs that vaccinated children don't.

[SPEAKER_03]
So the insurance that the medical practice has, is that for a malpractice insurance or what kind of insurance is that?
Because it's different from the patient's insurance, which pays for the medical care.
What is the insurance that the doctor is afraid of losing?

[SPEAKER_02]
So the doctor is enrolled in insurance programs to get patients.
And so this is not.

[SPEAKER_03]
Oh, I see.

[SPEAKER_02]
Right.
So it's on the rules, right?
So most pediatric practices are insurance-based.

[SPEAKER_03]
I see.
So to accept Blue Cross, for example, Anthem Blue Cross, then you have to be approved by Anthem Blue Cross, which means you better toe the line.

[SPEAKER_02]
Correct.
And if you don't follow those insurance company protocols, you may lose your status with them.
You may not be able to carry their insurance.
You may not be able to maintain hospital privileges and you'll lose money.

[SPEAKER_03]
So how do you exist?
By what, based on what you just said, you should not be in business because you, you don't give out vaccines and you don't, uh, you know, uh, meet the rules or your, your, your client base is not vaccinated.
How, uh, how do.
the parents that come to you, do they all pay out of pocket?
Do they pay through insurance or how do you circumvent this?

[SPEAKER_02]
So first of all, my practice is still Western medical practice.
I do a full history, I do a full physical, I go through a full differential diagnosis.
My treatments are non-pharmaceutical for the most part.
And I don't sell shots in my office.
Parents can go out there if they want the shots, but I don't give them.
The thing is that way back in the 80s and 90s when I was really a young doctor, the one thing that we learned was that all parents want is for someone to listen to them and to take care of their needs.
And so I took that to heart.
My office visits are conversational, they're relational, they're educational.
Their connection so i'm spending time teaching and listening and going through differentials and trying to help my parents with the questions that they have about their kids so insurance companies don't give a hoot about time.
Because they want you in and out.
They want as many kids to be seen as possible.
They want as many procedures done as possible.
They want as many vaccines given as possible.
And they never recognized time spent with a patient as anything valid that could be reimbursed.
And I don't agree with that.
And the patients who come to see me don't agree with that because every, every study shows that the least litigious environments are ones in which the physicians listen and talk to their patients.
And that's what I do.

[SPEAKER_03]
So do you accept insurance?
No.
Ah, see, that was the answer to my question for how you get around the problem.
You don't accept insurance.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yes.
In 2002, Steve, I had left a practice at the Beth Israel Center for Health and Healing, which was one of the first integrative health centers in the country affiliated with a hospital.
And when I left that system, I made several vows.
One, I was no longer going to accept any insurance.
Two, I was no longer gonna sell vaccines.
If families wanted them, they can go get them.
Three, I was no longer gonna use electronic medical records.
Four, I was no longer gonna have hospital privileges.
And so I made a decision to practice the medicine that I was taught back in the 1980s.
And it has worked really well for the last 24 years.

[SPEAKER_03]
OK, so how come they haven't come after your license?
Because that's the way they operate.
I mean, you're clearly a bad doctor by not requiring the vaccines.
You're counseling parents not to vaccinate their kids.
Surely your days are numbered as a physician and they're going to take away your license, right?
Wrong.

[SPEAKER_02]
So I don't counsel patients not to get their kids vaccinated.
I educate parents about information that they never hear.
So in the paradigm of Western medicine, we as doctors are told to tell patients what to do.
You give them informed consent?

[SPEAKER_03]
Are you kidding me?
Isn't that interesting?
That's not allowed.
You could lose your license for giving parents informed consent about the vaccine.
Can I?
Surely you have to be.
They're the judge, jury and executioner.

[SPEAKER_02]
Those medical boards.
My job as a physician is to teach.
I'm an educator.
And my job is to perform informed consent.
You as the parent, as long as it's within the scope of practice and standard of care, you as a parent can choose what treatment you want for your kid.
Certainly I'm not working with kids with cancer, so I can't go beyond the chemotherapeutic route.
But if a parent comes to me and says, my kid has asthma.
I want to get my kid off steroids.
I don't want to keep sending my kids to the emergency room.
Can you help me?
Well, of course.
And everything that I do, Steve, is based on basic science.
everything I pull from is based on opening up the physiology books, the anatomy books, the immunology books, all of the books of Western medicine and saying, this is the information that your doctor doesn't know about or forgot about or doesn't tell you about.
And I'm just going to offer it to you and draw it out and show it to you.
And you see if this is something you want to do.
Certainly,
What is very interesting is that if parents are continuously giving their kids albuterol nebulizers and steroids and allergy shots,
they're walking down a very hard road.
But if I'm talking to them about diet changes, air pollution, mold, allergies to foods, and other environmental stressors, and then other interventions that can boost their glutathione levels, which is physiology, and boost their antioxidant levels, which is physiology, the parents all see that as a hard road.
but they know that with that hard road, there's a light at the end of the tunnel.
And that's the choice that they are allowed to make.
They can certainly keep going with the nebulizers and the steroids and the shots, or they can say, wow, you mean I can give my kid a glutathione nebulizer and my kid's asthma might improve?
Yes, you might.
You mean I can take diet changes and actually stop the onset of all that inflammation in my kids' lungs?
Well, yeah, it's right in the textbook.
I'm just looking right at the Western medical textbooks.
I'm not giving eccentric, far out, weird treatments.
I'm giving treatments that make physiological and scientific sense.
It's just not the choice that Western medicine makes in order to help the kids because they just want to keep the kids sick and they keep giving suppressive medications.
That's not my interest.

[SPEAKER_03]
So have the medical boards ever come after you with a complaint to try to take away your license?
Either the.
Any of the medical boards or the.
Go ahead.
No.
Wow.
All right.
Let's talk about autism.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_03]
How many autistic.
So all your your kids are they fully unvaccinated.

[SPEAKER_02]
So I have three sets of kids in my practice.
I have children who come to me for primary care, regular pediatrics with visits intermittently during the first year and then spread out in the second year and spread out in the third year and then yearly after that.
And then I have children in my practice who I've seen for chronic illnesses, whether it's autism, ADD, ADHD, eczema, allergies, asthma, chronic ear fluid, tonsils.
obesity, all different kinds of chronic illnesses.
And I see those kids for consultation and many of them revert to being primary care kids.
So they come to me now for their regular pediatric practice.
My goal is to educate families to create wellness so the kids are well enough to stay out of my practice.
That's my job.
My job is to empower you to go live your best life and stop being medical managers and be parents instead.
And I have seen children in my practice with autism and neurodevelopmental issues.
We talk about autism as a big thing, but one in 36, maybe.
But the real problem is one in five with neurodevelopmental disabilities.
And that crosses all ethnic backgrounds, social backgrounds, all economic backgrounds.
This is not genetic.
And my job is to find a way to allow the child's ability to heal
to be represented.
So these kids can get better and the kids can somewhat return to the state of development that the parents wished they had before they were destroyed by injections.

[SPEAKER_03]
So how many fully unvaccinated kids in your practice right now?
Hundreds.

[SPEAKER_02]
I don't count.
I really don't count.
I can look to see how many are on my roster, but it's hundreds and hundreds of kids.

[SPEAKER_03]
It's over 500?
Yes.
Okay.
Over a thousand?
Maybe.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_02]
I don't keep track.
I really don't keep track.

[SPEAKER_03]
You should keep track because the stats are very useful.

[SPEAKER_02]
They are, but I don't have electronic medical records, so it's all paper.
So you have to really just, why don't you have electronic medical records?
Because in 2002, I saw the writing on the wall and I saw that it was going to interfere with privacy of my patients.
And if I was going to do the things that I'm doing in the office, it was none of anybody's business because I knew that these records were not going to be private.

[SPEAKER_03]
Okay.
So let's talk about the rates of autism.
in kids who have never been vaccinated?
What are the rates of autism in kids who have never been vaccinated in your practice?

[SPEAKER_02]
So over the years, let's say if I've seen 500 kids with autism, I would say less than a dozen have been unvaccinated.
Now, some of them still got the vitamin K shot.
and then others got none.
But you also have to remember that parents are also vaccinated.
So we can't rule out the effect that parents' vaccinations either during pregnancy or right after they give birth or even before pregnancy have on the health of the children.
Most of the kids who I've seen who were not vaccinated who had neurodevelopmental issues
either had really bad food allergies, bad lead toxicity, or other heavy metals in their environment that gave them impairment in their brain function.

[SPEAKER_03]
So of the thousand unvaccinated kids, and some of them may have gotten the case shot, their parents might've been vaccinated, their mother might've been vaccinated in pregnancy, of the thousand kids, how many of your kids right now
are in that group have autism?

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, as I said, if I had 500 who were unvaccinated, I said less than a dozen probably had autism.
So less than two dozen if it's a thousand.

[SPEAKER_03]
No, no, you said 500 if you had, you said
Didn't you say if you had 500 kids with autism, less than a dozen?

[SPEAKER_02]
Oh, I'm sorry.
Right.
I forgot what you asked.

[SPEAKER_03]
Sorry.
I got to catch you on that.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Look, the numbers are so small.
I can count the number of kids who are unvaccinated who have autism on one hand.
I mean, it's fair.

[SPEAKER_03]
Go count for me.
Is it three, two, one?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
I can only think of three right now.

[SPEAKER_03]
Okay, so this is important.
Three per thousand.
This is really, really important.
Three per thousand unvaccinated kids have autism.
You understand the significance of that?

[SPEAKER_02]
I do.
I've been working.
I've been working with unvaccinated kids since 1998.
Here we are in 2024.
I've been working with chronically ill kids since the early 2000s.
There is no doubt before Paul Thomas did his great study, I could have easily have shared the same experience that he has shared.
It is rare for me to see a child on the autistic spectrum who's been unvaccinated.
Very, very rare.

[SPEAKER_03]
So do you think vaccines might have something to do with causing autism?

[SPEAKER_02]
Oh, I don't think I know.
Okay.
And the, the interesting thing about it is, you know, very, very early on, when I started reading the package inserts, I decided, you know, my medical school trained me to be a critical thinker.
That's what we, we did.
Wow.
They don't do that in medical school anymore.
What, what medical school did you go to?
I went to medical school in the dark ages, Steve.
I went apparently 1983.
to 1987.
And during that time we were drilled.
to pull apart studies, to think critically, to go through differential diagnoses that may be 10 diagnoses long.
We were made to think.
And so in 1998, when a mother came to me and said, Dr. Larry, did you know there's mercury in vaccines?
This is 15 years after I started medical school.
I said, really?
And then I said, well, what else is in them?
And as I started reading the ingredients, I started going to the biochemistry literature, the toxicology literature, and I started reading what those chemicals are and what those chemicals do.
And then I started realizing that the pharmaceutical industry uses
nanoparticles and emulsifiers to enhance the delivery of drugs across the blood-brain barrier into the brain.
And interestingly enough, the vaccines are manufactured under the same model, nanoparticles and emulsifiers.
And so it was very clear to me that the pharmaceutical industry was telling us in the literature
we use nanoparticles like aluminum to bind to drugs along with an emulsifier like polysorbate-80 to enhance the delivery of drugs across the blood-brain barrier into the brain.
And now when you open up a package insert, the antigens in the vaccines are bound to aluminum nanoparticles with polysorbate-80 as emulsifier.
So doesn't it lead to the conclusion
that if the drug companies are using nanoparticles and emulsifiers to get drugs to go into the brain, and the vaccine manufacturers are using nanoparticles and emulsifiers in the vaccines, that they would also go into the brain?
And maybe that's why we're seeing so many kids with motor delays, speech delays, behavioral problems, seizures, tics, OCD behaviors, learning disabilities, sensory processing disorder,
And the list goes on.
And I want to wait.
I said once to pediatricians, I said, tell me, do vaccine ingredients enter the brain?
And they changed the subject.

[SPEAKER_03]
Of course, because it's impossible.
Right.
It's impossible.
You're just a misinformation spreader.
You can get in trouble for saying stuff like that.

[SPEAKER_02]
Even though I'm using the pharmaceutical literature and looking at the package inserts and saying, if A, then B, then C, it's just logical.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right.
Did you see Paul, you're familiar with the Paul Thomas study.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, I know Paul Thomas well.

[SPEAKER_03]
So do I.
And so his study showed that kids who are not vaccinated had astonishingly lower rates of pretty much everything that he measured.
Do you find the same thing in your medical practice?
100%.

[SPEAKER_02]
The children in my practice who are unvaccinated are generally thriving.
They are fit, strong, healthy, they do well in school, they're athletic, they sleep well, they focus, they pay attention, they're social, they're related, they are vital, and they are strong.
And I have families in my practice, Steve, where parents vaccinated their first kids, partially vaccinated maybe the second and third,
and then didn't vaccinate the rest of their kids.
And they themselves did the study.
They saw that their younger kids who are unvaccinated rarely get sick.
When they do get sick, they recover.
When their older kids who are vaccinated or partially vaccinated get sick, they take a longer time to get better.
They have more office visits because of illness.
And that's exactly what Paul Thomas found in his study, that the children who are vaccinated and partially vaccinated have more frequent office visits for ailments.
They're more often sick.
It takes longer for them to get better.
And I've been seeing this for over 20 years.

[SPEAKER_03]
So what's it going to take
for the public to realize this, because I have a family member, not in the closest circle, but a member of our extended family.
And they just had a new child.
And I said, you know, you really shouldn't
give the child any vaccines at all.
And this did not go over well.

[SPEAKER_02]
No, no, no, no, no.
So my job is not to tell you what to do.
And it's not to tell you what not to do.
My job is to give you information.
My job is to ask you questions.
My job is to inform you of the things that you may not know about.
And what I often say to parents is you ultimately get to make the decision you want to make, but you can't say that you didn't hear this information.
And so that's true informed consent.
Remember, parents are very beholden to the masses, to the culture, to following along with what everyone else does, to believing that if they don't follow along, they're gonna get in trouble, their kid's gonna be damaged, something is gonna go wrong.
It takes a lot of effort, energy, stamina, resources, reserve,
courage to actually step out of the matrix and think for yourself and realize what has been going on.
The beautiful thing that I've seen in the last four years is a number of families who are completely oblivious to what's been going on with childhood shots, who woke up from the COVID debacle,
and realized not only was the COVID shot a weapon of mass destruction, but so were the other childhood shots that they themselves realized they were seeing the drop in SIDS rates in communities where parents were not taking their kids for regular pediatric visits because of COVID.
They were seeing the damages.
They were looking under the rocks.
So in many cases,
The entire Weston Medical Industrial Complex did the work for us that we've been trying to do for decades because they actually brought the debacle up to the surface and to light.
And I'll tell you, when I started this in 1998, there were very few pediatricians.
And I'll tell you,
that there are dozens and in the numbers, hundreds of pediatricians who are now understanding what I have known, what Paul Thomas has known and what many of us have known for decades is there's a lot of problems with the ingredients in the shots, let alone the fact that there's never been a safety study on any of the shots ever.

[SPEAKER_03]
So would you,
ever recommend any vaccine whatsoever to anybody, whether it's tetanus vaccine, you know, smallpox vaccine, the whole gamut.
Are there any vaccines that you would recommend that somebody might?

[SPEAKER_02]
So my answer to that question is the one I gave all the time in the office.
I haven't offered shots in my office in 22 years.
And that's my answer because
Everything we do in life, and I say this to parents directly, everything you do, every choice you make always has a risk benefit ratio.
And I, as a pediatrician, have realized back in 1998 and in all the research I've done in the last 26 years that I have found in my research that the risks far outweigh the benefits.
That's my experience.
That's my research.
Here are some resources.
Here are some videos.
Here are some documentaries.
Here are some books.
Here are some people to listen to other than me.
Right.
Because to them I'm biased where you might find similar information so that you can make an informed choice.
Ultimately it is your choice.

[SPEAKER_03]
So if I sent you
say a hundred parents and all those parents have been indoctrinated by society into believing that vaccines are safe and effective, that you're a bad parent if you vaccinate your kids and all that.
So they've been, you know, we'll call them blue-pilled by society.
If I sent you a hundred parents to talk to you for an hour,
How many of those parents would you be able to red pill?

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay.
So again, my job is not to convince.
My job is not to persuade.
My job is not to course.
My job is to educate.
And so I got it.

[SPEAKER_03]
But how many would be convinced by by your education?

[SPEAKER_02]
I have no idea.
I have no idea.
Look, I've given lectures to hundreds of families.
I don't find out till years later.
The stories of Dr. Larry, I heard you speak in 2004 and you changed my life forever.
You gave us the information we needed to make an informed decision.
And it really made a huge difference for our family.
My information is basically, here's the information about the ingredients.
Here's the information about the lack of studies.
Here's the information about what these ingredients do in the body, the potential these ingredients have to create harm in the body.
And then I do something that is, I think, different than a lot of what physicians do and scientists is I ask them, tell me, how do you know vaccines are safe?
Tell me, I want to know.
And most often they would say, well, my doctor says so.
Okay, great.
Or the CDC says so.
Great.
And then I'll say, well, what do you know?
What is the information that you have?
And what you hear is, well, why would my doctor lie to me?
Or why would the CDC lie to me?
And I'd say, good questions.
I said, but my experience is that I don't have the same information that your doctor has, and I don't have the same information that the CDC has.
And so are you willing to cross over the line to see whose information is correct for you?
Or are you just gonna give up your agency and just trust the first person that you feel you can trust?
You know, one of the things that I find interesting is that if you go to buy a house, or let's say one of those parents goes to buy a house, how much inspection do they do of that house, Steve?
The boiler, the water heater, the attic, the electrical panel, the windows, the doors, looking for mold, leaks, right?
They wanna do every inspection possible.
If you're buying a car, you're gonna look for what did the seats do?
What does the steering wheel do?
How much power does the engine have?
How much gas?
What kind of gadgets are there?
And you mean to tell me that you're gonna put an injection into your body and you're just gonna say, oh yeah, I trust you, just give it to me.
I mean, that's the way I am.
Like, let's use logic here.
And if you come to the same conclusion that your doctor came to, fine.
Because you did your research, fine.
But I don't have the research that supports your conclusion.
And I'm giving it back to you to decide, hey, really, who are you gonna trust?
And I ask you to trust yourself in doing the work.
Just like you would in doing, buying a house.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
So the problem, of course, is that you don't have the data because they always hide the data on every vaccine ever given.
They have mortality data on these shots that they collect, but it's never made available to the public.
I can't figure out why that would be since these shots are so safe and effective.
Do you have any idea why they would keep data hidden?
Do we get better health outcomes when we hide the data from the public?

[SPEAKER_02]
Sure.
My dear friend, Jim Meehan, may he rest in peace, had a great slide.
He said nothing, nothing sounds like science other than a Pfizer wanting to hide safety data for 75 years.
The the thing is that in 1986, the Congress gave almost full immunity to any liability, not complete immunity, but almost criminal liability.
And then 2011, they got rid of it all.
And so I ask parents, are you aware that there's no pressure on these manufacturers to put out a safe product?
Are you aware that they can put anything into that vial and you don't know about it?
And if something bad happens to you, you're S-O-O-L because there's no one who's responsible for it?
Are you safe with that?
I mean, would you buy a car and not have car insurance?
Would you buy a product from a company that isn't
liable for their product.

[SPEAKER_03]
Safe and effective.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
That's a good mantra, but it's a myth.
Sorry.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
So that's exemptions.
Have you ever written any backs exemptions and how do the kids in your practice, how are they able to, uh, go to school?

[SPEAKER_02]
So, um,
I write some medical exemptions.
They are targeted.
They are very specific.
I'm not a hired gun, so I can't just write an exemption for someone I've never had a relationship with, someone I don't see usually in the office for regular medical care.
And I write them when I really feel that I have substantial backing from the scientific literature.
Those kids,
Majority of those exemptions are accepted.
I don't write them willy-nilly.
I'm not careless about them.
They're very specific and very targeted.
For the children who don't have exemptions, which I feel really badly for, because even though New York state law says if a licensed physician in New York state feels that a vaccine would be detrimental to the child's health, that should be enough.
But because they've passed all these regulations to reinterpret that law, it's made it so strict
and that the criteria you almost have to almost die from a shot for you to get an exemption.
Many of the children in my practice are homeschooled and number of children in my practice actually don't live in New York.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yes.
So and sometimes even if you've died from the shot, they wouldn't accept that as an exemption, a valid exemption to get further shots.

[SPEAKER_02]
Correct.
Correct.
It's very difficult.
I mean, there, you know, the fact of the matter is, Steve, is that the people making decisions about exemptions for children
never do a history, never do a physical, have no relationship with the child, have no relationship with the family, are basing their decision on exemptions based on somebody's made up guidelines that have no relevance to the child.
And I remember when I was training as a doctor and still in good medical ethics, you don't make
a decision about a child's medical care without seeing the child, without doing the history, the physical and reviewing the chart.
And yet you have all these people sitting in ivory tower offices who are pushing papers and following guidelines who are basically saying, yeah, that's not a reasonable exemption.
That didn't happen to the kid.
And they're practicing medicine, some of them without even a license, because they're administrators making these decisions.
And they're making decisions about kids they don't even know, they haven't even met, and charts they haven't even reviewed.
And that's not medicine at all.

[SPEAKER_03]
Okay.
And I would imagine some of these parents get religious exemptions for their kids as well.

[SPEAKER_02]
In states other than New York.
Yes.

[SPEAKER_03]
Okay.

[SPEAKER_01]
Livia.
I'm done.
What a great discussion and conversation.
I wish you were my pediatrician way back when, when my kids were young.
Yeah, so much info.
Thank you for all the work you're doing, Dr. P. I'd like to bring on our next guest, dear friend of VSRF, Lucia Sinatra.
Lucia, welcome back to VSRF.
How are you?

[SPEAKER_00]
I'm great.
How are you?
Hi, everybody.

[SPEAKER_01]
Great having you on.
I'm going to read your bio before we get started here.
Lucia is a retired corporate securities attorney who after becoming a mother turned her focus to advocating for students with learning disabilities in California public schools.
In the spring of 2021, when over 1,000 colleges imposed some of the strictest COVID-19 policies, Lucia felt compelled to take action.
She co-founded No College Mandates to fight against unscientific and unethical vaccine mandates affecting college students.
Thanks to her efforts, the number of colleges with COVID-19 vaccine mandates has dropped to just 20, excluding health care students who are still largely required to vaccinate due to clinical rotation partners.
While much has been achieved, the battle for medical freedom and informed consent continues.
And again, welcome back, Lucia.

[SPEAKER_00]
Thanks, Livia.
Good to be here.

[SPEAKER_01]
I'm going to leave you and Steve to chat for a little bit.
And then Larry will come back with me to do Q&A in a few minutes.

[SPEAKER_00]
Awesome.

[SPEAKER_03]
So how are we doing on the final 20?
Who is in that group?
How many?
or are there any names that people would recognize in the group?
Can you list them off just out of curiosity?

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, I can.
So just a slight side note, we're down to 18.
I spent the week calling two Louisiana schools.
It's actually a very interesting story, what just went down in Louisiana, and they passed model legislation
that I think should be in every state in the United States.
But just to quickly go back, so we'll come back to Louisiana.
So we're down to 18 schools, two Louisiana schools dropped their mandate.
I called them this week to say it's illegal.
It's now against the law to have a mandate.
And they don't even care, Steve.
I mean, they're like, well,
Yeah, the mandate's gone.
Yes, the websites are not updated.
We'll see if we can get to work on that.
And I'm like, well, you know, I don't think you understand.
I always call them so that they don't hang up on me, Steve.
And I say that I'm a college counselor, because in a very indirect way, I am, right?
The data that I put out helps families decide what colleges to go to.
What are the colleges that respect informed consent and medical freedom?
Because if i told them i ran no college mandates they'd hang up on me and they do and they often you know threaten me with restraining orders and all of these different things if i continue calling them.

[SPEAKER_03]
I haven't had that happen to me yet but it's good to know what would happen if i.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, yeah, it's good to know.
I get general councils that write me and say, this is a cease and desist letter.
Please don't contact the school any longer.
If you have any questions, contact us.
To which I usually say, you know what, go F yourself.
I can contact whoever I want.
A lot of these are public schools, and even if they're private schools, I'm a prospective interested citizen, potentially a prospective parent, aunt, grandparent.
I can call whoever I want.
I can email whoever I want.

[SPEAKER_03]
So anyway, I think they may have have a case for civil harassment.

[SPEAKER_00]
You know, I don't know, you and I could talk about that another time, but I don't think so.
So the schools, the 18 schools are there are five in California.
No shocker there.
CSU Cal Poly Humboldt, CSU Dominguez Hills, Mount St. Mary's University, which is private, Pitzer College.
Now, Pitzer
is part of a consortium of colleges.
The rest of the consortium that shares the same health care center, same student health services, ended their COVID-19 vaccine mandate.
Pitzer did not.
Or as some people like to call it, Pfizer College.

[SPEAKER_03]
How do they justify stuff like that?

[SPEAKER_00]
Steve, they won't justify it to me at all.
What they say is, this is our policy, take it or leave it.
You don't have to go to school here.
And I throw everything at them.
Rochelle Walensky said, because they still say it's the best way to protect our community.
It's the best way to keep safe is to take vaccines.
They're so stuck on an old narrative that I can't get them to think beyond that this is the best way to protect our community.
And that's what they stick with.

[SPEAKER_03]
Do they have any data that actually shows that?
I can't find it.

[SPEAKER_00]
When I ask them for data or when I ask them if I can present my data or when I say things to them like, you know, former.
So you're relying on CDC guidelines.
However, former CDC director Rochelle Walensky said,
Many, many years ago, these vaccines don't prevent infection or transmission.
Former CDC Director Robert Redfield said the same thing, but he also said that they should have never been mandated, that there are dangerous side effects.
They look at me like a deer stuck in headlights.
Who are they?
What are you talking about?
We've never heard such things.
Because the CDC website says they're still recommended, to which I follow up with, but that's not a mandate.
So how do you take a CDC recommendation for a population that is at so low risk, it's almost non-existent, for severe infection and death?
How do you take that recommendation and still justify it as a mandate when Harvard, Yale, Princeton, Duke, Johns Hopkins, none of them have a mandate anymore?
I'm speaking into a vortex state.

[SPEAKER_03]
So what do they say to that?

[SPEAKER_00]
They're deer stuck in headlights.
They're like, well.
It's our policy and COVID's still here and COVID's still here and COVID's still on our campus.
And then I say to them, let's take this local, let's break this down.
How many kids on your campus have gotten severely ill from COVID-19?
How many kids on your campus have died from COVID-19?
And again, I get that blank stare or I get dead silence on the other end of the phone.
This is our policy and we're sticking with it.

[SPEAKER_03]
There you go.
At least they have conviction in their policy.

[SPEAKER_00]
Conviction for something.
Conviction for something.
Conviction for, you know, a complete, complete nonsense, dangerous nonsense, but they've got conviction.

[SPEAKER_03]
What else would you like the audience to know?

[SPEAKER_00]
Okay, so I'll continue my list.
So I'm sorry, I don't mean to be rude, but these are nothing burger colleges.
These are pretty much colleges you've never heard of before.
Maybe the CSU's, maybe Pittsburgh College, the rest.
Mitchell College in Connecticut.
In Georgia, we have five colleges left.
They're mostly HBCUs, historically black colleges and universities.
Clark Atlanta, Morehouse, Morris Brown College, Oglethorpe, Spelman.
In New Hampshire, Franklin Pierce.
What an embarrassment in the state of live free or die.
I mean, just unbelievable.
You can't make this up.
In Ohio, Kenyon and Oberlin.
In Oregon, Reed.
And then in Pennsylvania, the Quakers.
Bryn Mawr, Haverford and Swarthmore.
Just again, a complete embarrassment.
You know, Quaker colleges were started in England.
to protect kids with a guarded education that protected children from the influences of larger society.
So they created their own education system.
Their mission statement at the Quaker colleges is we value integrity, simplicity, peace, diversity of thought, live in truth, educate for goodness.
What a joke these three Quaker colleges have become.
And I've got some really prominent alumni that I'm working with, parents that are just like, what do we do?
How do we embarrass them?
Enough is enough.
We had such a great education at these colleges at Haverford, at Swarthmore, and we can't send our kids there.
I don't know what to tell you, but what I will tell you is if you don't mind, I'll go back to Louisiana, because Louisiana is really interesting, what just went down.
At least I find it really interesting.
For decades, Louisiana has had a law on its books that says any child, any family can opt out of any vaccine.
It's been there for decades.
However, the schools don't let the families know this.
The doctors, the community, parents.
So just, let's see, just last month, no, was it last month?
Two months ago, Ruston High School at the end of July,
put up a sign for returning students and said, you're required to get vaccines to attend school.
If you don't take these vaccines, you don't attend school.
So now as of August 1st, a new law was passed.
It's HB 47 and HB 46, a couple new laws.
And it went into effect and it basically says now schools, all schools in the state of Louisiana, public or private, you know, lower schools, high schools, colleges, all schools.
you are required to inform parents that they can opt out of providing vaccine information.
All vaccines.
HB46 prevents Louisiana schools specifically from requiring proof of vaccination of COVID-19 vaccines.
And Louisiana schools, the laws go on to say they cannot discriminate against kids who opt out or who write exemptions or any of this stuff.
So it's a model law, right?
Really.
at least as far in my mind.
So, you know, up until a few days ago, I have these two Louisiana HBCUs still stating, you know, in bold italics on their website, you need to get COVID-19 vaccines in order to attend school here.
So I spent the week calling these schools, which is no easy thing, Steve, I got to tell you.
I start with admissions.
I get transferred to the health office.
I get transferred to IT because the website isn't up to date.
But IT is like, who the hell are you?
I'm not going to update my website because you tell me to.
So then I go to the president's office.
Can't get anybody on the phone.
It's spent on voicemails, emails, back and forth.
So basically, these last two
HBCUs, Southern University Systems and Dillard University were on my list up until today.
And they by law are not allowed to require COVID-19 vaccines for admissions.
But these schools are so, they don't care.
They don't care that their websites are outdated.
They don't care that families are relying upon what they read and getting their students vaccinated for fear that they won't be able to matriculate.
To them, that's a secondary concern.
And they put the blame on me as why should we make that clear?
Everybody should get COVID-19 vaccines because, you know, we still strongly recommend COVID-19 vaccines, even if they're no longer mandatory.
So why are you getting so upset?

[SPEAKER_03]
They actually say that to you.

[SPEAKER_00]
Oh, absolutely.
We don't understand your concern.
We don't understand why, you know, COVID is still here.
COVID is still a concern for our community.
Why would you get so upset that we're trying to protect our community?
We're stuck in a loop.
You know, we're stuck in a loop.
I'm trying to wake them up and they're dead asleep to a narrative that we know is not true.

[SPEAKER_03]
So how did you get them to change their website?

[SPEAKER_00]
I went to the president's office and I'm like, listen, I'm not getting off the phone and I'm going to call every 30 minutes until I get a response that you're responsibly going to update your website.
I just don't go away.

[SPEAKER_03]
And how many calls did it take?

[SPEAKER_00]
probably spent the whole week, probably several emails and phone calls every day until I finally said, I got the secretaries in the president's office to respond and they said, I will personally take care of this.
Here is an email from the president, because I won't let it go until I see an email from the president or I see the website updated.

[SPEAKER_03]
Wow, great.
job.
I mean, that's fantastic.
That is so fantastic.
Good for you.
Do you ever use a parent pressure or alumni pressure?

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, quite often.
We have a pretty loyal following of parents.
We have a pretty loyal following of alumni.
You know, even when they're afraid to reach out, I tell them to create an anonymous email account, email as a prospective parent.
They can remain anonymous for the sake of their children applying or whatever their issues are.
So we have a pretty strong loyal following and they back me up.
They send emails, they make phone calls.
We tag them on social media.
We do the best we can to keep the pressure up because I don't know what else is gonna work, right?
At this point, I don't know what else is gonna work except being a real pain in the ass.

[SPEAKER_03]
That's awesome.
Thank you so much for what you're doing.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, it's a pleasure.
I think I was born for this moment in time.
I think you probably were too.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
No, it's great what you're doing.
It makes a difference.
Thanks.

[SPEAKER_00]
Appreciate it.

[SPEAKER_01]
I love your tenacity, Lucia.
It's amazing.
I'm going to start off by reminding everyone that due to high volume of questions that we receive, and again, put your questions in the chat all caps and Janet will get them to me, but due to high volume, if you would like to guarantee that your question gets answered,
you can donate five dollars in the rumble rant, and we will bump your question to the beginning of the queue.

[SPEAKER_03]
If you want to get a higher priority, put ten dollars, right?
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_01]
Oh, yeah.
I'll stop what I'm saying and go right to it.
And actually, I'm going to start with my first question, which is,
We've been told about the M pox and the bird flu vaccines.
And then, of course, the new covid boosters are coming out and the kids are in school right now, especially the college kids.
What can they do if, hypothetical, they start mandating these new vaccines while they're in school in order to stay there?
Oh, wow.
Great question.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.
Is that is that a question for me?

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, for you and maybe Dr. Larry, who might get some phone calls from some of his patients and clients to, hey, can you help us out, Larry?
I don't know.
Great question.

[SPEAKER_00]
It's a great question.
So what my great hope is, and it might be pipe dream, I just hope they fight back.
I just hope they find their bravery and say, we're not going to take it anymore.
If that's going to happen, how it's going to happen.
I mean, that's my dream, right?
The only reason I took this job, I created this job, I became this so-called college vaccine expert is because I couldn't find college students
who would do the job, who should be doing the job in my place.
So in the beginning, when I started this work, I got screamed at for being a helicopter parent.
Well, I can give a crap what they call me.
The job needs to be done.
So my great hope is that the college students will take over and just say, we're not going to take it anymore.
But I wanna tell you just one quick story here.
My son is a rising senior at Dartmouth College.
And the head of the health department just put out an email, listen to this, saying Eastern equine infection is on the rise.
And a recently diagnosed New Hampshire resident just died from Eastern equine EEE.
So please, if a vaccine comes out, take it.
protect yourself against EEE.
This just came out by the way.

[SPEAKER_03]
Even if the vaccine is not safe.

[SPEAKER_00]
He's going to get an email from me because that is fear mongering.
What kind of crap is that?
One New Hampshire resident died of EEE.
How does he know?
And I mean, and here we go again.
So, Livio, it's a great question, probably better than you even know, because they're already starting with the fear mongering for these new things that are coming up.

[SPEAKER_02]
Did anybody notice
how many diseases we're having all of a sudden in the last four years.
I mean, do you notice how many infections are all of a sudden pounding the world's population?
If people haven't realized that
Number one, I'm going to go out on a limb here as if I haven't already.
These are not infections.
These are planned poisonings that they're interpreting as infections to sway people to be afraid and to convince them that they have to get protected by a shot that isn't for an infection, but that's only going to hurt and maim you.
These are experimental shots, period.
And they have always been experimental.
And so if you're someone who all of a sudden needs to respond to the fear-mongering, then of course you're gonna get the shots.
But they're all experimental, even the childhood ones.
And you are playing Russian roulette if you decide to go ahead and get one, because there's no science to show that they work.
or that they're safe at all.

[SPEAKER_01]
Great, great point.
Which leads me to a question I was going to save for Steve for the end, but now because of what you just said, Larry, I'm going to ask Steve this from Dr. Laura.
Steve, after the interview with Dr. Martin, does Steve now think, and I'm going to add, and what Dr. Polevsky just said, does Steve now think there is a dark agenda behind the COVID genocide?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, I think there's certainly evidence that
The DOD is behind this research.
And that's very clear.
The question is one of intent.
Like there's no smoking gun memo saying we're doing this research because we want to kill Americans.
And the lack of the smoking gun memo says that we have to, people have to infer intent.
And inferring intent is something that I avoid doing.
And so does Robert Malone and other people, because you're just taking a guess.
So I deal with the evidence that I have that clearly shows stuff going on.
And we clearly have evidence that the DOD was involved in creating these weapons of mass destruction.
But the question is, what is the motivation behind that?
And there is no memo that I have ever seen showing that, oh, the intent is we want to kill Americans.
Similarly, when Naomi Wolf says that, well, we can prove that Pfizer ignored this evidence of the harms, the reproductive health,
And I said, Naomi, that just means they're more interested in profits than people's health.
And they can't they don't give a crap about whether it harms your reproductive organs or harm or gives you a stroke to them.
That's the same.
And she thinks that they're out to destroy our reproductive capacity.
I don't believe that because I haven't seen any evidence of that.
And I asked her, show me your evidence.
And she replied, let's have a phone conversation.
So I called her up, but she hasn't returned my call.
So I come to conclusions based on the evidence that I can see and verify.
And so that's my answer.

[SPEAKER_02]
But Steve, can you fathom the possibility
that that's what's going on, even if the evidence is not available to you.

[SPEAKER_03]
Oh, sure.
Everything is possible.
I'm not going to, you know, like, for example, it could be possible that the covid vaccines, even though they're safe and effective, might be causing people to die or be injured.
And we should never close the door on any possibility.
I'm always open to
all possibilities, including the possibility that the COVID vaccine might not be so safe, for example.
But the point is that I'm open to the possibility.
I haven't seen the smoking gun evidence that would tip me over the edge to say, yes, these guys are deliberately trying to kill us.
And here's why and who's doing it.

[SPEAKER_01]
Great response, Steve.
I'm actually very impressed.
I was very well responded to.
Thank you for that.
All right, I'm gonna jump because we do have a RumbleRant question from SnootSpray.
Thank you.
You're right at the top here.
And it's for Dr. P. Can you share your experience with the universal antidote chlorine dioxide and the autism work by Carrie Rivera using the same?

[SPEAKER_02]
So I'm not allowed to recommend chlorine dioxide.
And if parents come to me and say that they're doing it, that's totally up to them.
But it can't be something that I put down and say, this is what I want you to do.

[SPEAKER_03]
By the way, I can attest to snoot spray.
I have it.
I use it.
It actually is very pleasant when you use it as a nasal spray to prevent infection.
And it has a very pleasant taste.
So
Uh, you know, people can, can check it out.
It's an alternative.
It's similar to clear X, uh, L E A R very, very similar.

[SPEAKER_01]
Great.

[SPEAKER_03]
So you might, you might prefer, you know, one, uh, versus the other, uh, but they essentially do the same thing, prevent, prevent infection.
And of course, there is some evidence of people using it for curing autism.
But we heard on the last episode that, oh, all these things that people have claimed cure autism are not nearly as effective as the microbiome work that our previous panelists were involved in.
And I'm not going to go any further into that because I don't have, uh, that is not my area of expertise.
So I don't have enough data to comment.
Right.
Fair enough.
Other than, other than the evidence is out there for people have claimed that yes, it does work.
Um, and then of course you had the guests last week claiming it doesn't work.

[SPEAKER_01]
So they'll have to go look into it and see what decision works for you.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yes.
It's kind of like scientists saying that vaccines don't cause autism and other scientists say vaccines do cause autism.
The truth is probably one or the other in all these cases where people disagree.
And it's just a question of sorting through the evidence and determining the answer to that question.

[SPEAKER_01]
All right, question from Jeannie.
I think it's for Dr. P, but anyone feel free to chime in.
Wouldn't insurance companies want to have children as healthy as possible to avoid costs and capture profits?
Aren't a bunch of sick kids from vaccines mandated by insurance companies counterintuitive to the health insurance business model?
Wouldn't they be knowingly shooting themselves in the feet?

[SPEAKER_03]
Wow, that that is a great question.
I like that that person is a clear is a critical thinker here because that is a great question.

[SPEAKER_02]
Did you see patients who are injured by vaccines are lifetime patients to the pharmaceutical industry?
So the economic boon for the pharmaceutical industry is huge.

[SPEAKER_03]
Of course, but the insurance companies are counter that because the insurance companies end up paying the claims.

[SPEAKER_02]
No, they don't.
They cut off reimbursement at certain points.
So a lot of people end up paying out of pocket.

[SPEAKER_01]
That's right.
That's what happens, right?
They'll only pay so much and then we end up paying a huge difference on top of our insurance premiums.
Correct.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right.
But if I'm running an insurance company and there are two options available to me, one says, hey, let's make sure nobody recommends the vaccines because our payouts are going to be zero versus let's recommend the vaccines.
And if they're looking at it from a pure economic basis, their costs have to be lower if they tell pediatricians do not recommend the Vax.
Right.
So it has to be driven by ideology.
It can't be driven by economics.
Doesn't make any sense.

[SPEAKER_02]
Both.
And the problem is that
is that the insurance companies then go ahead and raise the rates because they're paying out so much.
Insurance companies also, they also receive ratings from the government.
So they have to maintain certain status.
And I don't believe that the insurance companies
I'm just going to repeat what I said before.
The insurance companies are practicing medicine and we're allowing them to do this.
And that's what needs to stop.
They've taken over the entire practice of medicine.
They tell doctors what they can do.
They tell doctors what they can't do.
They make decisions on medical care.
They make decisions on medical reimbursements.
They make decisions on what patients can get covered by and what they can't.
And they're always looking at the bottom line to maintain profits and put the onus back on the patient to pay for what's left over.

[SPEAKER_01]
That's been my experience.
All right, I'll move on to the next question from Go Tell It On A Mountain for Dr. Polewski.
What happened to Dan Defeat Autism Now?
It did wonders for my son.

[SPEAKER_02]
Dan is now Medical Academy of Pediatric Special Needs, medmaps.org.
It is an organization devoted to helping children who have neurodevelopmental issues, teaching practitioners, and even parents.
They hold a conference twice a year.
usually one in March in the spring and usually one in the fall in Arizona.
Go to medmaps.org and you will find there are a number of physicians who are now fellows of the medical academy of special needs.
and you can find those doctors and take your kids to one of them for further care.
It's not just medical doctors.
Naturopaths are here, and there are a number of physical therapists, occupational therapists, nurse practitioners, PAs, even chiropractors who come to MedMaps and get trained on how to help children who have neurodevelopmental issues.

[SPEAKER_01]
And that's medmaps.org.

[SPEAKER_02]
Correct.

[SPEAKER_01]
If Janet could put that in the chat, that way it's archived there.
That'd be great.
Thank you for that.
And I'm gonna stick with you, Dr. P, from Ari Goldberg, one.
If you don't take insurance, do you only treat wealthy families?

[SPEAKER_02]
No, that's so interesting.
Most of the families in my practice
are not of the wealthy clients.
I don't charge an arm and a leg.
I don't see the kids that often in the practice.
And they understand that they have a physician who has
intensive care medicine, emergency medicine, ICU medicine, neonatal ICU medicine, inpatient medicine experience, and over 20 years of doing more supportive holistic medicine, who will support them in their choices and to care for their kids.
So no, in fact, I have families from all socioeconomic backgrounds, all ethnic and cultural backgrounds,
I love the patients all across the board.
And I appreciate the fact that parents see the value in having a physician who listens to them, who supports them, who's there to help them in times of need, and who's gonna keep them from needing to go to the hospital unless necessary.

[SPEAKER_01]
I think we have to clone you to help save the children.

[SPEAKER_02]
It's funny you said that, Livio, because my hope in the last part of my life is to create an opportunity for physicians to start learning how to practice Western medicine again.
Because as you know, so much of Western medicine has been watered down to protocols, algorithms, and almost robots.
And so everything is in tests, it's in scans, it's in consults.
And Western medicine is a great, great science and it's a great, great art.
And taking a history and listening to a patient and doing a physical exam
Really, I remember we were trained 95% of the answers could be found just by taking a good history and doing a proper physical.
And medical doctors can still do that.
There are ways to do this without needing drugs.
without suppressing symptoms, by supporting kids through their illnesses, understanding that illnesses are necessary, they're rites of passage, and they're not necessarily infections.
And Western medicine can be saved from the
the depths of pharmaceutical run and insurance run medicine.
So I can have a dream, that's my dream, leaving as a legacy with other people who are interested to actually resurrect real pediatric medicine.

[SPEAKER_01]
If you're out there and you want that help from Dr. Polesky, reach out, reach out to him.
That's a great offer.
I've got another rumble rant for Lucia from Wayne B. Goode.
Have you ever tried a certified letter return receipt requested so the university has to sign for it?

[SPEAKER_00]
We did that.
That's the first thing we did.
One of our first big missions is we enlisted as many volunteers as we could, and we sent them certified letters telling them of the dangers of the COVID-19 vaccines, that they had to end their mandates immediately.
We got all the return receipts, so we have those as proof.
As a matter of fact, some lawyers have used those letters as proof in lawsuits that colleges were put on notice of the dangers of these vaccines.
So that was one of our very first efforts.
And if you read our substack and you scroll way back to the beginning of it, to 2021,
2022, you can find those letters.
We emailed colleges, we emailed the NCAA because they had, sorry, sent certified mail letters to the NCAA colleges, to the leaders of the NCAA because athletes were subject to even more strict mandates than some of the general population undergraduate students.
So yeah, it was something we did at the very beginning when the mandates rolled out.

[SPEAKER_01]
Fantastic.
And thank you, Wayne, for that rumble rant.
We appreciate you.
I'm going to stick with Lucia from Hillary.
Are the colleges that are mandating actually checking vaccination cards?
Are boosters registered on those vax cards?
Do you happen to know?
Do they check during the application process or before they move into the dorms?

[SPEAKER_00]
So in order to matriculate, you have to upload for every single college in the United States an immunization form.
It's part of your checklist prior to matriculation.
On those immunization forms is where you'll see all the requirements and the COVID-19 vaccine mandate is usually there.
It's different for every college.
So some of the colleges are only requiring residential students to comply with the mandate.
And it'll say that if you're a residential student, you have to comply with the mandate.
It again, depends on the college, like Pitzer, for example, they're requiring updated boosters.
Some of the other colleges are saying, if you took primary series,
Or if you took primary series in one booster, fine, just show us proof.
But there are no primary series anymore.
So if you've never taken a vaccine, it is whatever is available on the market.
So it's really different for every college.
But if you go to the homepage of our website, which is nocollegemandates.com, we have Excel spreadsheets.
And you can find detailed data about all of the colleges that are still requiring, what they're requiring.
and then links to their immunization pages.

[SPEAKER_01]
Great, thank you for that.
I'm gonna jump back to Dr. Polewski from Monica Greb.
Doctor, have you treated any post-vaccine injury?
And if so, what is your treatment plan?

[SPEAKER_02]
I've probably treated hundreds, if not thousands of kids with vaccine injury.
but the plan is not generalized, it's usually individualized.
Most children with vaccine injury, or probably, first of all, anyone who's been given the shots has some injury.
They may not know it, it may not show up, but there is some level of injury in the body, unless it was a placebo.
The thing is that anyone who has chronic inflammation
needs to be able to recognize that the only way to reduce chronic inflammation is to start to learn what are the things that you continuously put into the body or exposed to the body that creates inflammation.
Otherwise, you're just perpetuating your inflammation.
So my first go around in my history, practicing Western medicine,
is to do a very thorough history to look at all the things in the environment, the diet, the emotions, the air, mold, parenting, sleep, school, psychology, all the things, the supplements, other medications that are continuing to add inflammation to the body.
And what I need to do for the family is to pull the plug on any ongoing inflammation so that the child system can actually quiet.
Because the chronic inflammation creates aging, it creates ill health, and it doesn't allow for the body to heal itself.
Once you lower the things that are creating the inflammation, the body begins to do some of the purging itself.
And then we have to figure out what are the materials in the body that are perpetually cycling, that are stuck to the cells, that are in the gut biofilm, that are in the brain, that are in the cells of the body, that are creating the mitochondria to be weak, that are creating the cells to be dysfunctional.
And the goal is to try to move that material out of the body.
And once you remove the inflammation, the body has the innate capacity to heal.
So that's the job is to remove the obstacles and get out of the way, support the body and let the body do its thing.

[SPEAKER_01]
Fantastic.
Sort of a follow-up, but to Lucia, are you hearing about, from these colleges that are still requiring the mandates on the vaccines, vaccine injuries on those campuses?
Have you inquired?
Are we hearing any of the myocarditis cases in these schools?
Are they not putting them together in the anecdotes?

[SPEAKER_00]
Nobody's putting it together.
I've tried to mention it to some of the colleges that I've called.
There have been unusual deaths.
There have been kids with heart attacks.
There have been higher than usual suicide rates.
They, for liability reasons, they won't discuss any of that with you.
And then, you know, it's a matter of trying to reach out to the parents and the families.
Are they putting any of this together?
So I usually do that through a back door.
You know, does anybody know this family?
Can they contact this family?
Do they have any idea that it could be related to the vaccine?
No, there's nothing whatsoever.
What I will tell you is what they were acknowledging at the beginning of COVID was the number of infections on campus.
So every college that had a mandate and even ones that didn't have these COVID dashboards, those have all since been deleted, erased because
Quite often the schools with the mandates had much higher COVID vaccination infections than the schools without the mandate.
So I tracked New Hampshire for a while because my kid is in New Hampshire and the University of New Hampshire with triple the undergraduate enrollment
Then Dartmouth College, so University of New Hampshire no mandate, triple the undergraduate enrollment, Dartmouth College mandate, week after week Dartmouth College had more COVID infections on campus than University of New Hampshire with triple the undergraduate enrollment.
So, of course, I wrote, you know, the administrators at Dartmouth College absolutely hate me.
I mean, I am like a pariah in the community.
They just, you know, they see me coming.
They see my email.
The one thing I did say, my kid was a freshman when all this went down, and I said, if there is even one inch
of discrimination or disparate treatment against my son.
I will reign a holy hell down upon this school like you have never seen before."
And my son's been, you know, he's gone through fine.
He's having a great old time.
He's had some weird professor interactions, but the administration stays far away from my son and they generally try to ignore me.
That said, I pour it on as thickly as I possibly can because that's the one community I'm intimately familiar with because I get all the communications and I get all the fear mongering and I see the dashboards and, you know, for the most part they try to pretend I'm not there.

[SPEAKER_01]
And your son is obviously on board with your, you know, not getting the vaccines and fighting the fight.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, he wasn't on board when he was in high school.
You know, we had a big fight.
And to Dr. P's point, you know, he came to me and he's like, you know, he was graduating from high school and he's being excluded from all these parties.
And he's being screamed at by all his friends.
Like, you need to take the vaccine.
You're not doing your part to protect the community.
And he's a really smart kid.
So he came to me one day and he's like, mom, I cannot believe you're doing this to me.
You're ruining my life.
You know,
I need to take these vaccines, you know, I can't even believe it.
And I said, Jack, hold the phone for me here.
I'm going to send you an email and I'm going to give you three pros for taking vaccines.
I'm going to give you studies.
I'm going to give you links to Yale University.
I'm going to give you data and I'm going to give you three cons.
And you're going to read it all.
And you're going to come back to me with your decision because you're an adult and you can make your own decision.
And I said, and after you read what I've sent you, let's come back and let's talk about it.
And he went into his room, probably went into his room for like four hours.
And I said, if you want more data, let me know.
I'll send you whatever you want.
And he came out and he said, mom, I will never take those vaccines.
Thank you so much.

[SPEAKER_03]
What was your list?

[SPEAKER_01]
What was on the list?
You've got to share that with us.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, it's funny.
I brought this up on a VSR episode, probably the last time I was on and everybody said the same thing.
What the hell did you send them?
And I'd have to go back and look, you know, it was 2021 now, I have to pull the email and the studies.
And I think I sent stuff to Lisa after my last episode because all these parents wrote in, they're like, oh my God, what did you send them?
So I remember sending him stuff from Yale University, which was very pro-vaccine, and he was able to fetter out from what Yale wrote that there was no reason for him to take them.
They weren't giving him reasons.
There was no data that they presented on Yale University and their medical school and all their research scientists and all this, that the vaccines had any data that they prevented infection.
He was able to figure that out from reading Yale.
And then I sent him, I think, the Great Barrington Declaration, and he's like, Mom, are we protecting the old people?
But not everybody needs this protection.
So, you know, it was things, I mean, this was early, so there wasn't that much data to send him, right?
But he was able to fetter out that young people shouldn't be forced to take these vaccines because there's nothing there.
You know, and then he used his own experiences.
He's like,
I've never missed a day of school in my life.
And if people are saying that COVID's like the flu, why would I take a vaccine for something that's not gonna be that disruptive to me?
I get a little cold here and there.
And so anyway, I'd have to go back and look, but it worked.
And because I enabled him to do the research and make his own decision, he's set for life.

[SPEAKER_02]
Right, so I'd like to make a comment to something that Lucia just said.
It just really triggered a response from me.
Let's say that vaccines prevent infection.
Let's say they do.
There's never been any study to prove that vaccines stop the transmission of the germ from person to person if you've been vaccinated.
So what is the reason for mandates to get into school?
And the bottom line is that it has nothing to do with your education.
Your brain and your health are completely separate from needing vaccines.
And the policy of getting shots to enter a school
whether it's K through 12 or college, the policies are coercive and they have no bearing on your ability to get an education.
And I think, you know, what has happened in our culture is this standard acceptance of, well, how are you going to get into school?
But the bottom line is you don't need a shot to get an education.
It has, it's no, there's no relevance to it at all.
And what has, what has shocked me is that the general public has not looked at this and seen that it's a coercive policy.
100%.

[SPEAKER_01]
Excellent point.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yep.

[SPEAKER_01]
And they, they have not, they willfully won't look at it.
Right.
You have time for one more question?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, one more.
I got to go.

[SPEAKER_01]
All right.
Last one, Dr. P. This is from DG Mick.
Learning disabilities in children.
How far back in time are caused by vaccines and lead in water or air?
Example from 1950.

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, there's no doubt.
that when societies realized that the majority of illness were related to poor hygiene, poor living conditions, unclean water, poor sanitation, that children stopped dying in droves and that kids were not as sick anymore.
The unfortunate thing is that we blamed so many of the infectious diseases of the 20th century on viruses, which diverted our attention from realizing how much lead, arsenic, mercury, DDT poisoning, electromagnetic radiation, and other environmental toxins
were predominantly responsible for the infectious illnesses that we so-called them.
We have been duped
for many decades into believing that all of these infections are actually from organisms that are causing them.
And we have not been allowed to look deeper, to do more of a differential diagnosis, to realize that polio may not have been a viral infection.
that other illnesses may not have been infections, that they may actually have been environmental poisonings that were misnamed and focused more on something else.
And that's been the tragedy.
And sorry, Steve, there's been a concerted effort, an intentional effort,
to quell any discussion of a differential diagnosis of an environmental or dietary issues in Western medicine.
If you go to Western medical school, even back to the 1960s and 70s and 80s,
Diet and environment were never considered factors in why people stayed healthy or why people got sick.
Everything was focused on infection.
It was always infection.
And as you posted in my very first little blurb that you had up when we started this 10 days ago, that was a joke, because it's been almost two hours.
When we started this two hours ago, most illnesses in kids
are not based on infectious reasons.
And because of the way modern medicine is structured, not real Western medicine, but the way modern medicine is structured, we avoid looking at the ways in which molds, spores, parasites, EMF, pesticides, food colorings and dyes and preservatives, processed foods, seed oils, fried foods,
video games, apps, social media, all the impacts, all of the ways in which those things impact your health and actually cause enough stress and enough inflammation in your body that your body does get sick to purge all the inflammation and all the toxins that you've allowed your body to accumulate that it can no longer hold.
And so you have to get sick.
When you stay chronically sick,
Your body is no longer able to purge the garbage that you've put in, the garbage that you've been exposed to, and certainly difficult to get better if you keep unknowingly putting things in that continue to inflame you and make you sick.
And so we've totally missed the boat.
You want to know more about this, read Dissolving Illusions, go to an American Academy of Environmental Medicine meeting, go to a MedMaps meeting, medmaps.org, go to other organizations that are very, very aware of the
really, really horrible ways in which we eat, live, breathe, and accept toxins in our environment, and then we will understand why we're so sick.

[SPEAKER_01]
We're going to include that book, Dissolving Illusions, in our raffle for our library.
Thank you both.
And I just wanted to follow up on that, Larry.
I was thinking recently that the word pollution, I don't hear it anywhere.
They never talk about it.
It is just these diseases.
We don't hear about getting ill from pollution anymore like we did when I was.

[SPEAKER_02]
You know, it was very funny in 2020 when we had the measles outbreak in New York.
I did a deep dive in the literature and I found this really great study out of China that showed two cities where measles outbreaks had heightened and they were able to associate it with increased
pollution known to be present in both cities, and they were able to correlate the increase in measles cases with this known poison that was present in those communities.
And we don't realize that the body purposely gets sick as a way to purge an excess of toxicity in order to save itself from dying.
And we just missed the boat.

[SPEAKER_01]
I want to thank both of you for the generosity of your time, your wisdom, the information you gave us.
It's been really such an insightful and fantastic evening and I would love to let you know we'll have you back on at some point.

[SPEAKER_00]
We've got to get to zero, Olivia, then we can come back on.

[SPEAKER_01]
We'll have a little victory show when that happens.
Dr. Polevski, it's been an honor to meet you and hopefully we can have you back on again at some point in the future.

[SPEAKER_02]
Thank you, I would be happy to do that.
Thank you for this opportunity.
Great conversation, I really appreciate it.

[SPEAKER_01]
Thank you both.
Steve, hang in there with me.
Everyone hang out.
I got a few announcements to make.
God, I really enjoyed that.
It was fantastic.
I hope all of you out there enjoyed it and got as much out of it as both, I'm sure Steve did and I.
And Steve, you're getting closer to getting even further red-pilled if that's even possible.

[SPEAKER_03]
Okay, but certainly not on the,
The intent.
Yeah.
I mean, look, you know, people are criticizing me saying, oh, he doesn't realize it.
Look, show me the evidence.
There isn't, there isn't any smoking gun evidence that ties, that, that shows intent.
There are circumstantial evidence that you can infer intent.
But there is nothing that shows intent.
There's no, there is no memo.
If there was a memo showing intent, we'd all know about it.

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, we'll have to keep our eye out for that.
Uh, that memo that might show up.
Um, I want to say that tonight's donor spotlight.
Let me see if I can get that on, there it is.
Is from a mysterious anonymous donor from Sunnyvale, California.
They recently sent in another $20 bill.
This is the fourth or fifth one that they have mailed us.
No contact info, just mailed from a PO box.
While we do not necessarily recommend sending cash in the mail, we sure do appreciate your support.
Thank you, mystery donor.
And VSRF is determined to consistently bring you dynamic content,
Let me throw up another little card here through our VSRF live shows, but we need your help to further our efforts.
Your donations not only support our content, but also enable Nurse Angela to continue caring for the vaccine injured and help our team update and enhance our website and produce more impactful events such as this next one.
Coming up, we're thrilled to be a sponsor of a major upcoming event called Rescue the Republic.
For all of our Defeat the Mandates ralliers and supporters, we're organizing once again and this will be a rally like no other.
You definitely won't want to miss it.
Mark your calendars for September 29th in Washington, D.C. as we come together for Rescue the Republic.
This event is a celebration of what makes America and our Republic so special.
We're uniting regardless of political affiliation, whether you're right, left, or independent.
We're bringing together notable musical artists, comedians, and thought leaders to stand in solidarity.
And we're excited that our friend Robert F. Kennedy Jr. will be one of the notable speakers.
at the heart of this celebration is a powerful message of peace, love and unity.
Join us in DC as we honor and uphold the values that make our nation great.
Visit jointheresistance.org to register.
And even if you can't be there in person, please register so we can keep you updated on the event.
Janet will put the link in the chat.
And I understand, Steve, you're going to you're actually going to go to DC.
Is that correct?
That is correct.
Fantastic.

[SPEAKER_03]
They talked me into it.
They pulled you back in.
Fantastic.
Well, good.
I'll be there with the other misinformation spreaders.

[SPEAKER_01]
Be full of the misinformation super spreader crowd.

[SPEAKER_03]
Be full of evil people.

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, next week, we have another like tentilating show as we have Dr. Stella Emanuel.
She has been at the forefront of advocating for early COVID-19 treatments with hydroxychloroquine and ivermectin, and she'll be sharing the latest updates on monkeypox too.
In addition to her medical expertise, Dr. Emanuel is also a minister
And she will also be talking about the role of spirituality in medicine in today's world.
You won't want to miss it.
So definitely join us next week.

[SPEAKER_03]
She's not shy.

[SPEAKER_01]
No, I'm definitely looking forward to that.
And Steve, I wish you continued success and recovery and good health in your time over at True North.
You really do look and sound great.
And I'm really excited for you and happy for you.

[SPEAKER_03]
Thanks, Livio.
I hope I make it.
I have less than seven days to go.

[SPEAKER_01]
What's going to be your first, or have you started dreaming about your first like outside of True North meal?
We'll have to get pictures and video of the first time you.

[SPEAKER_03]
I'm craving that, you know,
Uh, ribeye steak.

[SPEAKER_01]
That's not going to help your veganism.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, you know, but, but like I said, you know, I, and while we were on the show, I, I checked, um, uh, Google AI and I said, you know, carnivore diet for vegan diet, um, which is better.
And it's nice because this isn't a red pill, blue pill issue.
And it said, well, there are advantages of this diet and here are the pros, here are the cons, here are the pros, here are the cons.
And the bottom line is that you can have, there are lots of diets that can contribute to a healthy lifestyle.
And some diets have advantages and some have, and, and disadvantages.
And I haven't found the perfect diet that, uh, you know, has all of the advantages and no disadvantages.
So you're always forced to make a choice.
And just like any medical intervention, there are risks and benefits.
for each choice that you make.
So if you choose to be vegan, there are risks and there are benefits and the same would be true with the carnivore diet.
So I think I'm gonna end up experimenting to see which diet works the best for me, which is the most important thing.

[SPEAKER_01]
You'll collect some data on one and then maybe
collect some data on the other, put it all together and see what makes you feel best and works best for you.
No doubt.
Well, I'm excited for you and to see how it continues to play out for you.
We're going to close tonight.
We're going to stay in the vaccine conversation.
Our friend Bobby Kennedy Jr. had an interview with John Stossel.
And Chief Nerd took a nice little five-minute clip from that interview.
And we're going to end with that.
Everyone, thank you for being with us tonight.
And hope you'll join us next week.
And have a great rest of your evening and weekend.
Good night.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
And stick around for the five-minute interview.
It's a good one.
You'll love it.

[SPEAKER_01]
It's really good.
Here he comes.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, Stossel.

[SPEAKER_01]
It's great.

[SPEAKER_03]
He doesn't know his stuff.

[SPEAKER_01]
No, Bobby really, well, you'll see for yourself.
Have a great night.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
I want to get to vaccines.
If your kids were young now, would you give them the measles, the mumps vaccine?

[SPEAKER_05]
No.

[SPEAKER_04]
I got measles, mumps when I was a kid.
Lots of people die from them, used to die from those.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, you know what?
They died in the 1900s or early 1900s.
There were about 10,000 Americans a year died.
In 1964, there was about three or four hundred who died, and they were almost all severely malnourished kids, mainly from the Mississippi Delta.
This was before the poverty program, so there was a lot of starving children in our country.
It's very, very hard.
to kill a healthy child with any infectious disease, but particularly with measles.
And the World Health Organization now says vitamin A is an absolute cure for measles, which we didn't know about back then.
Back then, we were treated with chicken soup, and it was a week at home watching Leave It to Beaver, and every kid caught it.
Every single kid got it, and I had 11 brothers and sisters, and we all got it, and we were all fine.
And there are lots and lots of studies out there now
that show that kids who get measles as a child are much healthier when they grow up, that they're much more resistant to cancers, to atopic diseases, to allergies, and to heart disease.

[SPEAKER_04]
You went to Samoa.
You convinced people not to get the measles vaccine.
An outbreak resulted in 83 deaths.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, well, that story is not true, first of all.
The prime minister of Samoa stayed the measles vaccine after it.
Measles vaccines killed a number of people in Samoa, including members of his family.
So when I went to Samoa, the ban was already in place.
And I visited people in Samoa.
There was no policy that resulted from my going to Samoa.
Nobody died from measles.
They were dying from a bad vaccine.
And the vaccine was imported from Australia and given to people who had measles, which is not recommended.
The same measles outbreak hit Tonga, the neighboring island, and nobody died because they didn't get the vaccine.
So this is more propaganda by the pharmaceutical industry, which is drumming up a lie.
who try to discredit me, but if you actually look into it, John, you'll find that it is not true.

[SPEAKER_04]
And you still say that autism is caused by vaccines?
Yeah, autism is caused by vaccines.

[SPEAKER_05]
And by the way, CDC's own data, they did a study called the Verstraten study in 1989.
And they looked at the hepatitis B vaccine.
They looked at children.
And from the biggest database in the world, the Vaccine Safety Data Link, they looked at children who got the hepatitis B vaccine during their first 30 days.
And they compared those to kids who got it later or didn't get it at all.
And there was 1,350%
elevated risk for autism among the people who got the vaccine.

[SPEAKER_04]
There may well be, but there are studies with millions of people.
You ignore the big studies.

[SPEAKER_05]
You have this wrong.
There's a series of about 13 studies that were done by people we call biostitutes.
One of them was the leading one, who are people who do these studies for money for CDC.
or pay for by CDC in order to create the illusion that vaccines don't cause autism.
The chief scientist was a guy called Paul Thornson, who CDC laid, and his study is the most cited study for this proposition.
And Paul Thornson is now a fugitive.
He's wanted by Interpol.
He stole millions of dollars from CDC that he had claimed to use on this study, but he was building houses, buying motorcycles.
and living a life of luxury, and his study is absolute fraud, and yet they have not retracted it because CDC is a dishonest organization.
It continues to be cited in the literature.
And by the way, John, there are hundreds and hundreds of studies.
I've written a book, if you're interested, called Time Aerosol Let the Science Speak that has, I think, 1,400 references and over 400 studies cited
that link autism and other related neurological injuries to vaccines.
There is no question about it.
If you actually read the literature, if you listen to what the propaganda that CDC tells you, yeah, vaccines don't cause autism.
As it's propaganda, this is a captive agency that is intertwined and owned by the pharmaceutical industry.
