[UNKNOWN]
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_05]
Switch your hand up, you make your bid.
You've got your pictures all laid out on the grid.
Dug in the garden and you'll suck this ground.
Bury everything that you never want found.
And the court will rise.
We've got the healer and the birthday cake We've got the weathing and we've got the pick We've got the ladder, look, there is a snake And my body begins to ache And the call will rise
You have left to get down to the bar Your only memory's on your mobile phone And the call Will rise While the pillars all fall
The voice of the North Out in the market All our lives on the sail And the balls are drifting further apart Recovery cannot fail
I was stuck to plead my case Got my baby throwing up on a chuckle of note The black cat judge reaches for his silk Then the call will rise while the pillars all fall
between the good and the bad.
We lost the line between the sane and the mad.
So draw the line across the writing pad.
The line of conscience that we never have had.
And the call will rise while the pillar's on foam.
so many

[SPEAKER_03]
Tonight on VSRF Live, Steve Kerr speaks with four Canadian activists about their unique and harrowing tales as they fight to maintain their basic human rights in Canada's ever-growing oppressive health care regime.

[SPEAKER_06]
These are our fellow Canadians who have experienced some significant harm over this pandemic and we need to be compassionate and recognize that harm.

[SPEAKER_08]
Patients don't have a reasonable expectation of privacy vis-a-vis the College of Physicians and Surgeons.
The College can get whatever it wants even though the patients have privacy rights.

[SPEAKER_02]
My doctor had offered to give them redacted records without personal identifying information and they had refused that.
So I think that they were on a witch hunt.

[SPEAKER_08]
Either you have privacy or you don't.

[SPEAKER_03]
Hello, and welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm Livio Sanchez, and I'm very happy to be here with you tonight.
We have another great show this evening.
With us is Canadian physician, Dr. Sonia Kuska, whose license is currently in jeopardy by the Oppressive College of Physicians and Surgeons of Ontario for writing a mask exemption for a child.
Dr. Kuska is also joined by her attorney, Paul Slansky, and her patient turned patient advocate, Leslie Peel.
We'll also be joined tonight by Canadian attorney Omar Sheik, who is currently litigating the tragic Sean Hartman case.
Sean was a healthy 17 year old Canadian boy who passed away shortly after he took his first Pfizer shot.
I want to also ask everyone to stick around.
We're going to have a Q&A at the end of the interview and the conversation and to put your questions in the chat type questions all cap and we will get your question asked.
Also, just want to remind you that we are a 401c3 nonprofit that relies solely on your donations.
So please help us support.
Please help support us and donate today by texting
Let me get the banner going here.
Text VSRF to 53555.
Thank you for your continued support.
And without further ado, I want to bring on founder of the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation, Steve Kirsch.
Welcome to VSRF Live, Steve.
How are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_04]
I'm good.
I finally got that article out on the Czech Republic.
So I spent a lot of time on that.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, I know.
You put a lot of effort into that.
And we had that big premiere on Tuesday night.
I did notice that you did get some pushback from a few people.
What kind of pushback did you get?
I'm curious.

[SPEAKER_04]
Wow.
They keep pushing back on the same arguments.
There are about three or four arguments that they have, and they're all addressed.
I wrote a special substack going through all of the arguments that they made, and it's pretty silly stuff.
I think the fundamental problem is that these people don't accept the fact that the vaccines killed people.
They are in this dream world where the COVID vaccines are completely safe and effective.
And it's just a question about how effective they are and not whether they're safe or not.
And I'm in a completely different world, Livio.
You and me both.
I live in the world of reality of friends and neighbors that die or are seriously injured.
And I live in the reality of the world where you do a survey of the American public and they say as many people died from COVID as died from the vaccine.
So and I was just on the phone with Laura Logan and just confirmed again that she knows way, way more people who died from the vaccine than died from covid.
And these so these people who all the people that are objecting are people who claim that these vaccines are safe.
And so, for example, they say that, well, the reason that Moderna is 50 percent more dangerous than Pfizer is
First, Moderna got all the people with high comorbidities.
And so they just picked this out of thin air because they have nothing else to explain it.
And so I tried to explain to them that the central limit theorem doesn't allow you to choose like that.

[SPEAKER_03]
Wait, can you restate that for a second?
Are they claiming that the Moderna happened to be given to people with
comorbidities at the time, as opposed to just randomly go into whatever farm is being hit.

[SPEAKER_04]
Because what happened is it's not random sampling in Czech Republic.
You went in and you got whatever
was available.
It's called convenience sampling.
So that's not quote randomized because they didn't push the button on the computer and it says Pfizer and Moderna using a pseudo random number generator.
They randomly picked it off the shelf.
Now it could be that they got a shipment of Pfizer that week and so everybody would get Pfizer for the next three days.

[SPEAKER_03]
I do remember hearing some people giving the option when they went to get the injectable.
Right, but not in Czech Republic.
It was just you went in and they gave you what they had.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, so it's effectively randomized.
And so the only difference between the groups who chose to get vaccinated are which vaccine you got.
Otherwise, they're completely identical groups.
It's like having a huge randomized trial.
And so these people say, well, the unvaccinated died at a rate that's twice the vaccinated.
And so therefore the vaccine saved lives.
And I point out that, you know, the moment they decided
that they're going to be in the group that gets vaccinated, they immediately have a mortality rate that's half of the people in the unvaccinated category for a number of reasons, because people in the unvaccinated category are going to die.
They're in the hospital, they're going to die, whatever.
You know, so once you've pre-selected out there into the vaccinated group, then you're just like any other vaccinated person, but there's a huge mortality difference between the vaccinated and unvaccinated.
Now, these people believe that this 50% reduction in all-cause mortality is because you got the shot and it suddenly made you half as likely to die.
Now, if that were the case, Livio, everybody would be lining up for the shots, including me.
If that were really true, I mean, I'd be like, you know, give me another one.
Like I'll take as many as I can.
I'm going to live forever.
And the kids nowadays, they get what, 72 shots?
72, maybe more now.
Each time, 50% increase in all-cause mortality.
So what's 2 to the 72?
I don't even know.
It's so big.
I mean, the kids cannot die.
And so they have these really wacky ideas about, oh, why aren't you comparing with the unvaccinated?
sure, because they're fundamentally different.
That's why I have a perfect comparison group and they want me to compare with the unvaccinated.
So anytime they see stuff they don't like, they say, well, why don't you do it this way or something that makes their argument stand out.
And then then there was the argument was, well, the reason Moderna has a 50% higher mortality rate is because all the sick people got Moderna because that could happen because it wasn't randomized.
And I'm saying, well, central limits theorem says that if you've got a 50% increase in one area, then it's got to be a half in the other area, or it's going to be a mix.
It's going to be off of a normal curve.
And you're selecting off a normal curve.
So it's possible.
It is possible that every person with high comorbidities got Moderna, just like it's possible that if I flip the coin 50 times, I will get heads every single time.
Or even better, if I rolled the dice that if I got six, every time I rolled a dice,
That's possible.
But it's just so unlikely.
And they have no idea that they just think, oh, well, because it wasn't perfectly randomized, they all could have had high comorbidities in that group.
No, it doesn't work that way.
The probability of that is just so small.
So this is the kind of stuff
that I could spend the rest of the episode on this.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, we're never going to convince them.
Although I do think that the top misinformation super spreader title probably goes to President Joe Biden because he got COVID again after him saying that it will stop.
Remember when he said that?
It will stop transmission and that of course was misinformation.
I digress.
He cost a lot of lives on that one.
Yeah, he did.
Now, let's get on.
I want to call it a bit of a thriller tonight with several guests who are going to have a story that will unfold here.
And I want to bring on our first guest tonight, which is Leslie Peel.
Let me bring her on here.
Hello, Leslie.
Welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you this evening?
Oh, I need you to unmute when you get a second there.
Almost, just got to click the little microphone button.
There you go.

[SPEAKER_02]
Did it work this time?
Yeah, there you are.

[SPEAKER_03]
It did.
Excellent.
Welcome to BS Airfly.

[SPEAKER_04]
You can hear everything.

[SPEAKER_02]
This is a new platform.
There's always a new, I don't know, app.

[SPEAKER_03]
Lots of different ones.
Welcome.
I just want to read your bio before I let you and Steve talk for a bit.
You are a former legal researcher for a Toronto law firm turned homeschooling mom.
And she is also a patient of Dr. Sonia Kuska, who's going to be on a little bit right after you.
For the past three years,
She's been fiercely advocating for patients' privacy rights and supporting Dr. Kuska in upholding the request of her patients not to release their personal information without their consent, while the college, the CPSO, continues to assert disciplinary measures for non-cooperation.
Welcome, Leslie, and I'll be back to introduce Dr. Sonia after you guys get the story started.

[SPEAKER_02]
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_04]
So, so tell us how this all started how you got involved when what your first contacts were and.

[SPEAKER_02]
Sure.
I was informed by my doctor that she was being investigated by the College of Physicians and Surgeons of Ontario, the CPSO.

[SPEAKER_04]
The famous CPSO.
I mean, these people will go down in history.

[SPEAKER_02]
I hope so.
Yes, the famous CPSO.
And she sent out an email to all her patients to inform them that the college
in the course of this investigation was requesting all her patient records for anyone who had received a COVID-related, I don't want to say treatment, but either a mask exemption, a vaccine exemption, or a ivermectin prescription.
That was initially the case.

[SPEAKER_04]
Right, and so in your case, it was a mask exemption?

[SPEAKER_02]
No, I actually didn't have any of those initially.
And the situation was that it was a third party complaint by a Girl Guide leader who complained that a six year old child in the Girl Guide group had a mask exemption.
And she felt that this was in some way not valid.
So she contacted the CPSO
And she complained about my doctor and suggested that perhaps because the children were of Eastern European descent, maybe they weren't.
She noticed that people of Eastern European descent didn't like to wear masks.
She said that maybe my doctor was charging for these mask exemptions and that.
Is that forbidden to charge for a mask exemption?
Well, first of all, it was never, to my knowledge, illegal for anyone to seek a mask exemption either from their doctor or maybe from their religious leader.
And it certainly wasn't illegal for a doctor, given their professional judgment, to give anyone a mask exemption.
So my doctor informed us all that she was under investigation and we, any patient, a lot of her patients then emailed back and said, we do not consent to the release of our private personal medical information to the college.
And we formed a group.
And I will say that this group of patients was, you know, it was vaccinated people, unvaccinated people,
people who had mask exemptions, people who didn't, I mean, it was just a group of patients.
And we hired a lawyer and we, I'm not sure if it's the same in the States, but we launched an application for a judicial review where we were asking the court to rule on the validity of the investigation.
I'm sure Paul will talk more about that.
And
Yeah, we were a steering committee of five people.
We were trying to raise money for our legal defense.
We had a very generous lawyer who gave of his time at a very reduced cost, but we still had expenses.
And then in the divisional court, they chose not to actually rule on the issue of standing, but they said we were premature and that they should go back to the tribunal.
We went back to the tribunal.
I spoke to them in just April of this year and they denied us standing and said that patients have no reasonable expectation of privacy.
So this is a situation where from the patient's perspective, we have no idea why our records would have any relevance to an investigation as to whether our doctor gave a just mask exemption to a six-year-old.
Like my personal medical information has nothing to do with that.
In the course of all of this going on, the college actually went into the pharmacy in the building where my doctor practices and demanded the records of all the patients there who had been given an ivermectin prescription.
At which point I had been given an ivermectin prescription and I publicly state that even though ironically this whole case is about privacy and my name is
on the court documents and that's because someone had to be public and not be anonymous on the court records.
So that's how I got involved.
The CPSO, I mean, they even have in their own documents that they have to request the consent of a patient if they want to obtain records.
They're not even following their own guidelines in this whole thing.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, we should have them go after themselves.
Did you file a complaint with the CPSO about
you need to investigate the CPSO?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, that's a good idea.
Well, I mean, there's been, we've been advocating, we've got lots of patients who have written to the CPSO.
There's other cases, of course, going on in Ontario with regards to the CPSO and regulatory overreach.
I mean, it's, we're not alone in this fight.
And we actually came to the conclusion, or at least I did after my talk to the CPSO in April, that

[SPEAKER_04]
You actually talked to them?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, I went before the tribunal and spoke on my own behalf without a lawyer.
What was that like?

[SPEAKER_04]
Was that like talking to a wall?

[SPEAKER_02]
It was a bit unnerving, to be honest.

[SPEAKER_04]
How many people were there?

[SPEAKER_02]
There was, well, they can strike a committee.
I'm not sure how many people it can be, but it's not usually one person and we only had one person and that was the chair of the committee.
He wasn't very happy with some of the things I said.
He called me out on a couple of things.
I'm not a lawyer, however, so I said a few things innocently.

[SPEAKER_04]
He called you out, like what did he do?

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, I pointed out that, so there's the College of Physicians and Surgeons, and then there's the Ontario Physicians and Surgeons Discipline Tribunal.
the OPSDT.
And they're supposed to be, you know, at arm's length, they're supposed to be independent of each other.
But they both sit on each other's committees.
So I was pointing out that I hope that that wasn't going to be a conflict of interest, for example, in the proceeding today.
And he recommended me for
Well, he said, there's legislation in place and it has to be this way.
And I, you know, the whole website is all about transparency and we listen to the public.
And I was just pointing out how ironic it was that in fact, it doesn't appear to be very, there appears to be a conflict of interest.
He assured me that there was not an asked if I wished him to recuse himself.
to which I said no.
But yeah, it was pretty daunting.
And I think that though for the patients, I mean, I am the spokesperson for the patients and I felt good finally being able to say what I wanted to say since the court didn't hear us.
But of course, within 24 hours, they had decided the patients have no reasonable expectation of privacy.
You're out of this, like go away.
And that's where we are.

[SPEAKER_04]
So what's the deal in Canada?
Do patients have privacy for any of their medical records?

[SPEAKER_02]
I thought so.
I mean, I think we all think that when we go to our doctor and we tell our doctor something that it's between our doctor and I, and there's obviously an assumption that there's trust between you and your doctor, that you can tell them anything.
I mean, I recall being in doctor's offices before where I've had to actually fill out a form that says, I consent to my records being given to another doctor, for example, if it's for a referral.
And the college, of course, does have legislation behind them that allows them to go in and investigate a doctor, which none of the patients feel that that's wrong.
Of course, they should be able to investigate a doctor.
There are doctors sexually abusing patients.
There's all kinds of things going on.
And those are valid.
I mean, that's valid.
They should be able to go in and investigate a doctor.
However, my doctor didn't do anything wrong in giving someone a mask exemption.
And my records have zero relevance to that whole case as do any of her other patients.

[SPEAKER_04]
Why do you think they wanted your records then?

[SPEAKER_02]
I mean, I've used the word witch hunt before because I think they want, they don't want doctors who are using their own professional judgment and maybe not following their guidelines, which were just guidelines.
Anything that the CPSO put out were guidelines.
They weren't laws to my knowledge.
And yeah, I think it's, I mean,
The situation with the pharmacy really upset me, and I can talk about it now without getting upset, but I really, really felt violated when I found out that the pharmacy had given up my records.
And they're part of a different college, of course, but they have some kind of circle of care situation where they claim that they can go in there and get whatever they want.
And they did that.
The CPSO did that knowing that our investigation, that our
court thing was coming up.
This was prior.
This was December of 2022 before our appearance in court, which was in March.
So they did that ahead of that.
And I think that's pretty low, but yeah.
How low can you go?
Exactly.
Yeah.
I mean, that's their model.
Exactly.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_02]
So that's where we are.
We have, we had a great website and we,
tried to educate people, we raised money for our legal challenge, we've been trying to support our doctor who's, you'll hear about her situation, it's ongoing, they're still trying to persecute her for non-compliance because she's still not giving up our records.
And we've been encouraging people to write to their members of parliament and provincial parliament, provincially, because health in Canada is provincial.
However, I think the privacy part is also federal.
So write to your member of parliament.
But we realized that we're fighting this giant thing.
We're fighting the CPSO, which we always knew, but we're fighting this much bigger agenda of nobody gets any privacy.
And I don't think people realize
I mean, I tell people, I've gone out to talks and I've talked about this ad nauseum to people about, you know, you tell your doctor something, it doesn't necessarily stay with your doctor.
But the other part of it is, what are they going to do with this information?
And the CPSO says, oh, we can keep it confidential once we get it.
Well, I don't trust any really government agency to keep anything confidential.
And I don't know what they're going to do with it.
And I think there's also part of the legislation that allows them to pass it on to another party, which may be
Paul can talk about, but the point is, I don't think they should have my information to begin with.
I never gave them consent.
Also, my doctor offered to redact the personal information, like the identifying personal information.
Not acceptable.
No, no, no.
They wanted the whole record.

[SPEAKER_04]
That's right.
Obviously, there is a bigger... That's the way privacy works.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
When you're the government.

[SPEAKER_02]
That's right.

[SPEAKER_04]
But what they did was completely legal, is that right?

[SPEAKER_02]
I don't know.
Maybe I'll answer that.
I mean, they do have legislation that allows them to get patient records for an investigation, but the investigation has to be legal and lawful and
Again, not a lawyer, but I don't think it's legal and lawful because I don't think they had reasonable and probable grounds to go after my doctor for a mask exemption.
They also can then only take what's necessary and relevant.
They can't take everything, just everything, carte blanche, take all the records.

[SPEAKER_04]
And they not only bet they could if they wanted to.
I know some doctors in Canada who have had all all their records taken away and their computer systems destroyed by the CPSO.
That's right.
She's not these guys are, you know, it's like, you know, Moderna and and Pfizer Pfizer have a license to an unlimited license to kill.
The pharma companies do.
And the CPSO is almost as good as that, but they can't kill people.

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, not directly, maybe.

[SPEAKER_04]
Right, yeah, exactly.
Yeah, let's take out the doctors who know how to treat COVID-19.
Right, that's right.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, speaking of doctors, I'd like to bring on your doctor, right, Leslie, Dr. Sonia Kuska?
Is that correct?
She's your doctor.
Let me bring her on here.
Welcome to VSRF Live, Dr. Kuska.
How are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_01]
I'm good, thank you.

[SPEAKER_03]
Thank you for joining us.
Thanks.
I want to read your bio real quick before I let you continue the conversation with Leslie and Steve.
You are a licensed medical doctor and have been a family physician to thousands of patients for over 40 years.
The College of Physicians and Surgeons of Ontario has targeted your medical practice by demanding that you release all
of your patient's records contrary to your patient's consent simply for writing a face mask exemption for a six-year-old child.
You've refused to hand over your patient's medical records and therefore you are being disciplined by the CPSO.
That all from a mask.
Is that where it started?

[SPEAKER_01]
That's where it started, yes.

[SPEAKER_03]
unbelievable.
Well, I'm gonna I'm gonna let Steve continue the line of questioning here.
And I'll be back to bring on Paul Slansky after a little bit.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thank you.
So so surely the CPSO knows that masks could do nothing to protect against COVID.
So why would they go after you for writing a mask exemption?
That's like, um,
That's, that's just plain silliness.
I mean, that doesn't make any sense.
The masks don't protect the public at all.
There's no evidence for that.
What, like, why would they even?

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, according to public health, masking was recommended and as Leslie mentioned, what was the, what was the evidence for that?

[SPEAKER_04]
Or, or do they not need evidence in Canada?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, I'm not sure if they do, but first I want to say,
Thank you, Steve, for having us on.
In order to share this information with more Canadians that medical privacy, when it comes to the college, medical records are not private and confidential.
So as Leslie mentioned, my case started with a third party complaining that I had written a mask exemption for a six-year-old.
Since that, it's been a three-year journey almost.
They have threatened to suspend me.
They have threatened to revoke my license.
They've even offered me to resign and not work in any medical capacity anywhere on the planet.

[SPEAKER_04]
Wow, that's nice.
They're easy to negotiate, aren't they?

[SPEAKER_01]
So that is all because of a mask exemption.
But now it's really about being non-compliant and being ungovernable.
You know, I initially, right after they requested the medical records, I offered to give them all my patient records redacted, which they refused.
I then told them I needed patient consent, which they said I did not.
I did let my patients know and as you've heard, they formed a patient privacy group and it's gone to court twice and the courts have said that they can access everybody's medical records if they decide.
So Paul will speak about that to say that it's a bit of an overreach to
ask for everybody's unredacted medical records for a mask exemption in this case.

[SPEAKER_04]
How many mask exemptions did you write?

[SPEAKER_01]
You know, I cannot remember.
The only one they know about is the two for the two siblings.

[SPEAKER_04]
Okay, so they have you on writing two mask exemptions.
And for that, it's we're going to put you in jail and throw away the key.
Yeah, pretty much.
How many people were harmed by your writing a mask exemption?

[SPEAKER_01]
No one was harmed, of course.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, then they should take away your license, shouldn't they?
I mean, that's that makes sense.
So so let me ask you this.
If they if if you were accused of killing someone, would would it be like any different?
Would they not ask for, you know, is it like like where's mask exemption on the scale of offenses?
Is mask exemption right up there at the top?
you know, above that, that writing a master exemption is worse than, than killing a patient, for example.

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, maybe I can bring out a case in May, on May 27th, there was a reporter that published in the Toronto life, an article about the college and a physician who was working in Ontario, who for 17 years, women complained.
about sexual misconduct and sexual abuse by this physician, and it went on for 17 years.
Perhaps the physician got a slap on the wrist, but he continued to practice, and it wasn't until the women
went to the police that this physician was arrested and is now in jail.
So this happened for 17 years for sexual misconduct.
And it only took 17 years?
And I wrote a mask exemption.

[SPEAKER_04]
And five seconds later, they're at your door, right?
Yeah.
Oh my God.
That's amazing.
So just out of curiosity, how do you get a mask exemption?
Why could they say that, oh, there's no reason for you to have written this mask exemption?
Was there a medical reason?

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, there was a medical reason.
They do not know because they never got the
Children's medical records because the parents did not consent for me to release those records But there was a medical reason for me to write that mask exemption for the six-year-old girl.
So Yes, there was a medical reason and there was no law that we could not write a mask exemption However Having written that then again the college wanted records on
anything COVID related, anybody that COVID related.
And then eventually they- But nothing else.
Pardon?
Nothing else.
Well, that was initial.
And then they wanted medical records on all of my patients.

[SPEAKER_04]
How many patients do you have?

[SPEAKER_01]
You know, I'm not sure, but it's 2000 plus, so.
I've been in practice, as we mentioned, Livio mentioned, for 40 years now.

[SPEAKER_04]
And your clients are, since you wrote for a six-year-old, you must see everybody then.
Yes, I do.

[SPEAKER_01]
And that child had been my patient since she was born.
I mean, they didn't just come off the street to request a mask exemption.

[SPEAKER_04]
I'm going to take a little tangent here since, since you do treat young people.
Do you have any cases of autism in your practice?

[SPEAKER_01]
I do not very many.
My practice is fairly holistically oriented.
So my patients and I work together as a team and they're very health conscious.
So I don't have that many, you know,
But I do have some.

[SPEAKER_04]
Why do you ask?
Who are autistic and who became autistic when they were your patients or became autistic before?

[SPEAKER_01]
No, they became autistic before.

[SPEAKER_04]
Right.
So you don't necessarily have their history as to, you know, because one of the things is the connection between vaccines and autism.
Do you think vaccines cause autism?
Or you don't want to go there because you're under investigation.

[SPEAKER_01]
I mean, there is definitely I have patients who became autistic after a vaccine.
OK, so there seems to be that relationship.

[SPEAKER_04]
So how many how many patients became autistic within a week after the vaccine, a vaccine?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, and I don't know if I have those numbers.
Uh, some that I've certainly read about and heard about it was fairly immediate, right?

[SPEAKER_04]
Uh, yeah.
So, so how could, so, so are these coincidences or are these, uh, what do you think?

[SPEAKER_01]
Or you don't want to go, I have my views about that, but, uh, okay.

[SPEAKER_04]
So your views are, you probably don't want to make your views public because that could lead to the end of your career.

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, you know what, I think anybody who Googles my name, it seems like it's out there that I am considered an anti-vaxxer, even though really that is not at all what my practice is about.
What I do is I give my patients a choice in whether they choose to vaccinate or not, whether they choose to postpone vaccinations or
or not do them at all.
And I support them in that choice and provide them with information.

[SPEAKER_04]
And that's the way it's done.
Yes.
And let me ask, or can I ask you what your batting average is?
Like when you tell parents what's going on, are you able to convince most of them not to take the shots?

[SPEAKER_01]
Are we talking about COVID shots right now or any vaccines?
No, childhood vaccines control.
You know, to be honest, Steve, most people who have come to me have come to me because I give them the choice and I support them in that.

[SPEAKER_04]
I see.
So you're like 100% then.

[SPEAKER_01]
So they're already decided and they're looking for a physician who will support that.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
So so prior to all of this happening, did you think highly of the CPSO and what do you think of them now?
Or and be be warned that they could get a copy of you were not going to send it to him.
But but you should always assume that that these people are listening in.
So you may not you may want to pass on that question.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, I mean,
CPSO claims that they are concerned about patient safety.
And I'm not sure, looking at their record, how much that is supported.
Even when it comes to, well, sexual misconduct, I have several patients who've experienced that with physicians.
And there's been minimal consequences to those physicians.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, so you just have to say sexual misconduct and they wrote a master's exemption.

[SPEAKER_01]
Oh, man.

[SPEAKER_04]
Okay.

[SPEAKER_01]
Can I say the worrisome about patient privacy being an issue is that patients will not feel comfortable in coming to their doctor
to share total information with them.
So from the perspective of the physician, we may not get the whole story when we're making a diagnosis or recommending treatments.
I have a long history with my patients.
So what I sometimes get from them is, please don't write this in my chart.
But when you're meeting a physician for the first time or just a few times,
Again, we may not get the full story, so that is a concern for myself, but I think for many physicians in this case.

[SPEAKER_04]
Right.
All right, Livio, shall we bring on our Paul, our next guest?
We can't hear you.
Your lips are moving.

[SPEAKER_03]
I forget to unmute.
I tell everyone else to unmute, but I forget to unmute myself.
I guess I just brought Paul Slansky on.
Paul, welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you this evening?
And you are on me.
Thanks.
How are you?
I'm doing well.
I want to read your bio before I release you to the interview here.
Paul Slansky is a seasoned Canadian attorney who began his career at the Department of Justice in Toronto in the 1980s and quickly rose to become a federal crown prosecutor, specializing in international drug conspiracy cases involving wiretap evidence, proceeds of crime and extraditions.
After transitioning to private practice for a number of years and founding the firm of Slansky and Pringle, he later embarked on solo ventures collaborating with prominent firms such as Ruby and Edward and Rocco Gallotti.
Since 2017, Paul's practice has expanded to encompass criminal, constitutional, and regulatory law, including cases with the Law Society and College of Physicians and Surgeons, while affiliating with
Osborne Barnwell.
Known for his expertise in large wiretap extradition and homicide cases, Paul Slansky continues to be a pivotal figure in Canadian legal services.
Wow, Paul, very impressive.
You've been at this for a while and have quite a broad range of expertise and experience.
Yes, I suppose so.
And I see we lost Steve for a heartbeat.
I think he must have lost his connection.
But I want to see how did now the now we're going to connect you to Sonia and Leslie.
How did you get involved in this case, so to speak?

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, Rocco Galati is a friend of mine and I used to work with him, as you noted.
and he was representing Dr. Killian and Rocco himself had some serious health issues and the case had to be adjourned and I volunteered to help him out in representing Dr. Killian and
similar issues to what later arose for Dr. Kuska.
And so when Dr. Kuska was facing her issues, she, I guess, had heard about me or heard about me through Rocco and his wife, Amina, who was representing some of the people involved.
And she sought my assistance in challenging the college.
And that was the beginning of things with me and Sonia.

[SPEAKER_03]
Great, great.
Steve, I just asked the first question on how he got involved.
So I'm going to let you take over the interview from here.

[SPEAKER_04]
So I have heard nothing but bad things about CPSO.
Are you able to give me one good thing?
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_08]
Oh well, it's really not my function to be an advocate for the party on the other side.
purportedly trying to protect the public interest.
I think they are misguided and overreaching in what they do and how they do it.
And the ends justify the means.
I don't have a lot positive to say, I suppose.

[SPEAKER_04]
Right, right.
So in their view, the ends justify the means.

[SPEAKER_08]
The ends themselves are somewhat questionable, but the means that they choose and how they do it is certainly questionable.

[SPEAKER_04]
Right.
But in their view that they're protecting the public, like these people
seem to strongly believe that they are protecting the public against these very bad actors.
Would you believe that, that they're simply completely misguided and there's no way that you're going to convince them that they don't know what they're talking about?

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, so far I haven't been able to convince them of anything, nor have I been able to convince the courts.
And so far, although we haven't gotten too far into it, so far we haven't been able to convince any of the tribunals much either.
So I'm not overly optimistic about things so far.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, Paul, welcome to the club.
You certainly know that you are not alone.
Oh, yeah.
Right.
That everybody seems to have this problem.
And it seems to be endemic with people on the other side of the narrative that believe in safe and effective.
Impervious to the truth, like you can't give them like if you showed them data that from medical records, for example, that everybody who took the covid shots died three seconds after they got the shot.
Or maybe not everybody, but you know, a good percentage of people.
Would they look at the evidence or would they say that's bullshit?
Not even look.
I mean, like these people you can't even reason with.
You can't show any any evidence and so forth.

[SPEAKER_08]
So far they haven't been inclined to look at any of the evidence.
Unless it fits their agenda.
Yes.
In Dr. Killian's case, there was evidence about vaccines and risks.
They ignored that.
In Dr. Kuska's case, they assumed the effectiveness of masks, and they asserted that ivermectin was unsafe and ineffective, even though the very evidence they relied on said otherwise.

[SPEAKER_04]
Wow, so it's like these people have like blinders on and they see the world the way they want to see it and the data and science and evidence doesn't seem to make any difference at all, right?

[SPEAKER_08]
Again, so far I've seen no indication that they are in any way concerned about the evidence.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
Have you ever run into something like this before where you're dealing with a party that is so completely?
I don't even know what the word is.
These guys just have their head up their ass or, you know, they seem not to be able to be.
They have a belief system that cannot be challenged.
In your other cases, before the COVID era, did you run into situations like this?
And were you able to essentially move this unmovable object ever before?
Is there any past precedent that you could use, perhaps, in the current situation?

[SPEAKER_08]
There's often closed-mindedness by government in many contexts.
I mean, I primarily practice criminal law and constitutional law, and there often are blinders by government in every context.
The police, the prosecutors, the courts who are supposed to be impartial often aren't.
But in the regulatory context, both the law society and the College of Physicians and Surgeons, there seems to be a mindset that is even more blinkered than in other contexts.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yes, okay.
So you're dealing with the worst of the worst here.

[SPEAKER_08]
wouldn't necessarily go that far.
Again, I don't fault their motivations.
Although, although there's some reason to do so, in so far as they're protecting the status quo, and the status quo is, is, you know, big pharma, I'm sure is a part of that.
But, but for whatever reason, they have a particular perspective that is problematic.
And they're in their their willingness to do whatever it takes to advance that
those ends, we were talking about the constantly overreaching as a matter of fact and as a matter of law in respect of their powers and the disregard for people's rights.
It's rather shocking.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, so you haven't figured out how to break through to these people.
Would that be a fair statement?

[SPEAKER_08]
I've largely given up on trying to break through to the college.
Now, whether the tribunal is going to be any better remains to be seen.
So far, I haven't had much success with the courts keeping an open mind either.
There are real concerns.

[SPEAKER_04]
OK, so let me ask this question.
Suppose tomorrow,
The CDC said, whoops, we made a mistake.
These COVID vaccines are not safe and effective.
They're actually dangerous.
And we regret giving it to Americans.
We've killed a million Americans.
What would happen at the CPSO?
Would they say, oh, whoops, whoops, we're sorry too.

[SPEAKER_08]
So if the college realized that they were basing this on incorrect facts,
then then what do you ask me?

[SPEAKER_04]
No, no, I'm saying if the CDC came out a bit, so at least yeah, yeah, no problem.
It looks like you're cutting out again, because I got dropped too.
Okay, so so suppose the CDC came out and said, hey, sorry, we've been lying to you.
These vaccines are not safe and effective.
Does the CPSO basically just
Lost you again.
Was the CPO just an echo chamber for whatever the FDA and CDC and WHO say?
Is there any independent thinking that exists at the CPSO?
Is there a life on planet CPSO?

[SPEAKER_08]
I haven't seen much evidence of independent thinking, no.
I mean, they take the policy statement
by some statements in other jurisdictions.
They go with the mainstream status quo thinking, and they're not open-minded about anything.
No matter how many studies you place in front of them, they don't seem to care.
Again, that's not the primary issue right now in the proceedings I'm involved in, but it is an underlying attitude that does have impact on what I'm doing now.

[SPEAKER_04]
And do you think that that's pretty common, that that's the way most of these health authorities operate throughout the world, that it's all top down and whatever the CDC says, you know, I follow along because there's so there's all this alignment, like the only guy speaking out in the United States, speaking out publicly is Joe Lattopo.

[SPEAKER_08]
So do I think that this is the common sort of approach?
Again, I haven't studied it internationally to the same extent.
I have looked at it.
I've looked at COVID measures in a variety of jurisdictions, but my focus has been primarily Canada and primarily Ontario and the CPSO.
And my focus has been primarily in respect of
the privacy rights and search and seizure laws that apply to the college in Ontario and in Canada.

[SPEAKER_04]
So do you believe they have the legal right to do what they've done?

[SPEAKER_08]
No, that's why I'm challenging.

[SPEAKER_04]
Wow.
Wow.
Yeah.
Someone wrote Joe Lattopo should be the next US Surgeon General.
Wouldn't that be cool?
Or I'd love to Peter McCullough as the next US Surgeon General.
That would be so cool.
Oh, man.
Only in my dreams.
Yeah.
So how do you think the case
is going to end up?

[SPEAKER_08]
Oh, well, I try not to make predictions like that.
I can tell you what the law is and the way it should be applied.
And based upon the law and the general principles, Sonia should win her case.
Dr. Killian should win her case.
But whether they will remains to be seen.
The college, the tribunals, and the courts so far have been ignoring the law, violating the law, basically undermining the rule of law in very serious ways that have implications even beyond.
the COVID and health context.
So when you're invested in a particular point of view, it can distort everything and undermine everything.
And it is.
Yes.

[SPEAKER_04]
OK. Well, can you give us any hope for the future that this thing is going to end up going your way?
Or is it like, are you feeling 50-50 on this?

[SPEAKER_08]
Again, I don't make predictions, but there is hope.
I mean, the law is not just arguably in favor of Dr. Kuska or arguably in favor of Dr. Killian.
It is in their favor, clearly.
The question is not whether the law supports them.
The question is, will the tribunal and the courts act properly and apply that law impartially?
And so far, they haven't.
This is why in Dr. Killian's case, I'm seeking leave in the Supreme Court of Canada right now for their obscene violation of the rule of law, saying a court of law can order compliance with a search and seizure demand of the College of Physicians and Surgeons, even if it's unconstitutional, without determining whether it's unconstitutional.
The Supreme Court of Canada has said many times
that the court has no jurisdiction to violate the Charter, to essentially, for American viewers, to violate the Fourth Amendment.
We have the same kind of search and seizure provisions under Section 8 of the Charter, and we've challenged the lawfulness and the constitutionality of these demands, and the courts have said, comply with them, whether they're constitutionally valid or not.
And the Court of Appeal has said that's fine and dandy by us, which is, as I said, obscene.
Which is why I sought leave in the Supreme Court of Canada.

[SPEAKER_04]
Right.
So do you think the Supreme Court of Canada, do they have a track record of doing the right thing?
And will they reverse the lower courts?

[SPEAKER_08]
The track record varies, but they have a track record of not getting involved in cases that are controversial where it's going to be a difficult question for them to answer.
They just dismiss leave.
In the United States, it would be to deny Sir Sherrari.
And that's the problem.
They may not take the case.
Right.
But if they did take the case, then... Well, if they take the case, again, assuming they're going to be impartial, you know, we should win in Killian's case, which will then assist Sonya in her case.
Because, again, the law is clear.
Unless they're going to be dishonest about it.
And I hope they won't.
We should succeed.

[SPEAKER_04]
OK, any final words before our next guest that you want people to know?

[SPEAKER_08]
Not unless you have something you want to ask me.
I have no general comments to make, no.

[SPEAKER_04]
All right.
We will pray for you.
That's always appreciated.
That may be what it will take here.

[SPEAKER_03]
Absolutely.
I was curious if you have the same sort of big pharma money in the judicial system and the political system as we have here in the U.S.

[SPEAKER_08]
I'm not really in a position to...
opine on that.
I mean, I'm involved in this, as I said, because I sought to help Morocco initially, and because I'm a surgeon seizure expert from the criminal law context.
So although I've done College of Physicians and Surgeons cases, my focus is not this field.
So I'm not really in a position to say, but I have my suspicions, but I'll leave it at that.

[SPEAKER_03]
Great, totally understand that.
Well, on that, let me bring on our final guest, another attorney, Omar Sheik.
Welcome to VSRF Live.
Thank you for patiently waiting backstage.
I appreciate having you here.
How are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_06]
I'm great.

[SPEAKER_03]
Thank you for having me on.
Excellent.
I'm going to read your bio before we continue.

[SPEAKER_04]
He's not up on the...

[SPEAKER_03]
You can't see him, Steve.
I see him.
OK, I can see him now.
OK, great.
Omar is an attorney based in Victoria, British Columbia, who has an extensive experience in constitutional human rights and labor law.
In 2012, Omar joined the British Columbia Nurses Union, BCNU, where he served as general counsel and director legal services.
In 2017, he was appointed Chief Executive Officer of the BCNU and led the 48,000-member union through successful bargaining and the fight against flu vaccine mandates until his departure in 2020.
Omar has since founded Sheik Law and has taken on thousands of clients fighting the impacts of vaccine mandates on their employment.
He has also led the fight against Pfizer and Moderna for wrongful death and serious bodily injury following COVID-19 vaccinations.
He is currently representing Dan Hartman, Sean Hartman's father, in the wrongful death lawsuit against Pfizer because Dan's son died from the COVID-19 vaccine.
Omar, it's an honor to have you here.
Thank you for joining us this evening and for all the work that you've done and continue to do.
Good to be here.
All right, see if I'll let you take over.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, so I recently was in Victoria.
I met Omar when I was in Victoria and Omar gave this awesome talk.
And I spoke to Omar after his talk.
And I said, how are you funding all these, these lawsuits that you're doing for these people?
And he said, he's basically funding it himself.
He basically reached into his, am I getting this right?

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, well, some of them, yeah, some of them we, we certainly help out with the, the legal costs.
Others are.
are fundraising as best they can, like Dan Hartman, who you can find at Answers for Sean on Twitter to support him.
But yeah, we're certainly, we developed a unique retainer with our clients that essentially says, if they can't afford to pay us, we'll continue on anyway, as long as we can survive myself and Angela Wood, who's my partner in a lot of these files.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, I mean, so, you know, just incredible, incredible work that you've been doing and also your generosity.
And you did in your talk, you didn't even talk about how you're basically bankrolling these clients and doing it because it's the right thing to do.
And so I just have a lot of respect for for people who do that.
So thank you so much.
So
You have a lot of a lot of different cases going on right now.
Do you want to tell us about the ones that you think are the most interesting to people?
And then we'll get to we're going to have Dan come on next.
And and so then we Oh, that's too bad.
Okay.
So so and then we'll so if you want to start with the dance case first and, you know, give us the synopsis and what you think is going to happen in each of these.
You're you're like battling on multiple fronts.
And and so if you can tell people about the multiple fronts you're battling on and whether you think you're going to be able to get justice.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, well, we certainly hope we'll be able to get justice.
But let's talk about Dan Hartman and most importantly, let's talk about his son, Sean Hartman.
Sean Hartman was 17 years old and 33 days post vaccination, his family found him dead next to his bed in the home.
So to lose a child is unspeakable.
It's unheard of in this context.
It normally does not occur.
Um, and so the fact that this happened and, and Dan has been out there seeking answers and seeking justice for the last number of years has just been incredible to watch.
Um, it's, it's a heartbreaking case for any lawyer, I think to take on, we were human beings, we get emotionally invested.
Um, when I think of Dan Hartman, I, I, I see someone who I, I consider to be a hero, uh, someone who will stop at nothing to get justice for his son.
Um, we totally agree.
We worked hard with Dan, myself, and Angela Wood to figure out how we were going to sue Pfizer for wrongful death.
And so there are three main entities involved.
There's Biotech, which is a company in Germany that's the manufacturing arm.
There's Pfizer US, and then there's Pfizer Canada on the distribution side.
We knew and we heard Angela and I a lot of nonsense around the vaccine companies having immunity.
and that you couldn't sue them in court.
And this is what everyone was telling us and everyone was saying for time in memoriam.
Part of the issue that we saw there was that a lot of what we are influenced by online is based on what's happening in the U.S., not what's happening in Canada.
And so in the U.S., there is this legislative immunity that you can't sue the vaccine manufacturers over harm.
In Canada, we didn't have that legislative immunity at all.
And so we quickly filed... What's wrong with you in Canada?
I'm sure we have many other things that protect the vaccine companies.
or the manufacturers, but at the end of the day, there just wasn't immunity.
And so we were able to file our lawsuit against Pfizer.
We are in that process now actively.
Pfizer has retained some powerhouse firms in this country, and I'm sure they're willing to spend anything that it takes to try and be successful here.
We retained Dr. Peter McCullough, who was extremely generous with his time and became one of our lead experts.
We're now planning to work with Jay Bhattacharya and a team that he's got as well as Dr. Ryan Cole out of the States.
So ironically, all of our major experts are from the US who are helping out with this case.
It is the only case of its kind in North America, and it was the first case of its kind in North America for a monkful death.
against Pfizer, and so we're looking forward to going to trial on this matter and trying to prove that indeed it was negligence, it was negligent misrepresentation, and it led to wrongful death.
You know, the narrative that was very, very clear, that was adopted by all governments and written by the vaccine manufacturers was this is safe and effective.
The narrative was not that, hey, you might have a chance of dying as a result of taking this product.
Even if they thought that that chance was minuscule, which we argue it wasn't, but even if they thought the chance was minuscule, if they had at least said that publicly, people would have understood and then maybe had some choice at informed consent.
In this case, that wasn't said.
What we had was a 17-year-old boy who just wanted to play hockey.
And his hockey team required that everyone on that team be vaccinated.
And so he went out.
He didn't tell his father.
He went out.
He got the vaccination.
Very quickly, he ended up in the emergency room where the emergency room doctors viewed him.
He had bruising in and around his eyes and his body.
He had clear signs of inflammation.
They did nothing for him.
They discharged him back to home.
And then very quickly after that, the young man perished.
And so we say this is negligence.
It's negligent misrepresentation.
You had a duty of care to this young man and to everyone that you pushed this product on, as any manufacturer would.
If you buy a brand new Tesla and the brakes fail, well, Tesla had a duty of care to make sure the product worked for what it said it was going to work for.
In this case, it didn't.
It didn't prevent transmission of COVID-19.
That's now become perfectly clear.
As vaccines are supposed to prevent transmission, that's kind of stunning that it's even called a vaccine.
But it didn't prevent transmission and it had serious risks of adverse events, none of which were revealed and were known, we say were known to the vaccine manufacturers at the time.

[SPEAKER_04]
So let me ask you this.
I just did an analysis of the Czech Republic data.
And anybody with half a brain, you know, who's not on the, you know, who didn't swallow the blue pill, but anyone who's got looks at this objectively would say, wow, this is pretty irrefutable evidence.
that the vaccines increase people's all cause mortality by say 50% depends on the age, but say it's 50%.
Can you put anybody in Canada on notice to say, Hey, check this out.
If you now want to recommend or prescribe or give, give this to someone, we can get you on criminal negligence.
Would something like that be effective in at least stopping this train in the meantime?
Like if you can do this with one doctor, then you can replicate it to other doctors or, or with the health authority that I mean, because people should be taking notice of this stuff.
And they should be taking action on it.
And it's like, yeah, it was a lot of work to analyze that data.
But once the analysis technique, as soon as I figured out how to actually tease out the signal so that it was unambiguous and everybody would be convinced.
Um, then it's like, wow, the sooner the world knows this, the better, but it's almost like, you know, so I put this out a couple of days ago and nothing happens.
Like, so is there a way to legally put these people on notice that, Hey, if you continue on your path, you can open yourself up to a
criminal charges for willful negligence.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, so I don't know if notice is even required.
It certainly can't speak to criminal negligence.
What I can say is that if you know as a physician or as any practitioner that a product is not working or has serious adverse events and then you prescribe it anyway, or you tell people to take it anyway and you don't disclose those risks, then certainly I think you could be liable or be found liable for negligent conduct.
I don't think you need to provide any sort of notice upfront.
Let's be clear, Steve.
The reality of this product from 2021 till now, people have come to know very colloquially, very clearly, that it does not prevent transmission.
And yet it's still being recommended.
We're at booster nine or 11 at this stage that people are getting.
And yet at the same time, we know very clearly it doesn't prevent transmission.
I mean, Joe Biden just got COVID-19 and he supposedly quadruple vaccinated.
God knows what they're pumping that man full of.
But certainly he got COVID-19 just now.
So it doesn't prevent you from getting it.
It doesn't prevent you from giving it.
So I don't understand why it's still even a topic of discussion out there, but it is.
I think that people are starting to wake up to it, but it's really difficult to convince somebody who believes something so strongly, no matter what evidence you put in front of them, no matter what you show them, they're not likely to change their position.
Correct.

[SPEAKER_04]
So, but if I went to a health authority in Canada, and I said, Hey, look, you know, look at all this data, and there's no way you can analyze this that want that you can't find a serious safety signal that you're increasing all cause mortality by 30%, 50%, whatever.
There's no way to use the threat of criminal action against them, right?
Because the prosecutors won't prosecute.
It's like when I reported Apple Valley village to the Apple Valley police department, they don't even have a record of my police report.
I've got a record, but they don't.
And they said, Hey, we're not going to, we're not going to act on this.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
Well in Canada, it's completely up to the crown and whether or not to prosecute.
And again,
to rise to the level of criminal negligence.
Normally you're doing something contributory in violation of the criminal code.
I don't know if that's where it will go.
And I don't know if you can take it there.
The evidence is available.
The public health officials are the ones that dictate what a lot of these health authorities are doing.
So it's either the province, which is like the state in Canada,
their public health officer or the federal one, which is like your version of Fauci or our person's name, Theresa Tam, is the one that that's advising to do this.
We also have various advisory groups on vaccination that are comprised of so-called experts.
who are also advising to take it.
So I think as long as that structure is present, it's really difficult to make out a criminal negligence case, but I think on an individual basis for harm that people have suffered, like the case of Sean Hartman, I think you do have an opportunity to take up those cases and challenge Pfizer on the negligence that they have clearly displayed in this case and then profited severely from.

[SPEAKER_04]
So how do you think this is going to end?
How do you think this whole COVID vaccine thing?
Like everybody on our side knows that these COVID vaccines should be stopped.
And I'll plug up a book that just came out because I was talking to Harvey Risch earlier today.
So his book with
Byron bridle just came out on Amazon.
It's called shots.
That's a clever name.
So clever that I forgot it.
Let me see.
Let me see if I can pull it up.
It's like kill shot or something here.
Let me see if Amazon can.
Anyway,
Now, I couldn't find it, but I think it's called Kill Shot.
But if you look it up, it's by Harvey Risch on Amazon.
He's one of the co-authors and also Byron Bridle.
And so it's like the stuff is getting out there, but thank you.
Toxic Shock.
Thank you.
Five star reviews, but it only has six ratings.
I think it just came out.
And while you can get it for only looks like $10 on Kindle, but it like this this book.
just documents that and it calls for, which is great.
It calls for the end of the shots.
What do you think it's going to take?
What will cause this thing to crater on itself?

[SPEAKER_06]
I think one idea, which is what I'm advocating for now, is a finding of liability against Pfizer and against Moderna.
If you have court cases that proclaim judgments that they were in fact negligent and the product is dangerous, I think that's going to change perception very, very quickly.
Those things are very hard to ignore.
But short of that, look, there is a growing segment of the population that is refusing to get the boosters, right?
I mean, when we started this at the two-shot nonsense, you know, the uptake was in the 80s and 90% range.
And I don't know what the uptake is on shot nine.
I know it's dropped approximately 30, 40%.

[SPEAKER_04]
Oh, yeah, at least.

[SPEAKER_06]
So if that's going on, I think people are naturally starting to come to their own conclusions.
But look, it's really difficult when someone has such a firm belief in pharma or the guiding hand of pharma, which I don't know how you can have that belief, but let's say they do.
You can put anything you want in front of them and have as many discussions as they want.
They're just going to call you an anti-vaxxer or any other name that they can call you and move on from it.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, so tell us about the other cases.
What do you think the case you're working on that's going to make the most difference?
Shawn Hartman.

[SPEAKER_06]
Shawn Hartman will make the most difference.
I mean, look, we have another lawsuit against Pfizer.
I can't name that plaintiff at the moment.
I haven't gotten permission to share her name, but we do have another one where a father died post vaccination.
and left behind his family and so that case is being brought up as well.
We have a case against Moderna on behalf of Kayla Pollack and that's public and so she took the Moderna shots and was diagnosed with transverse myelitis which left her essentially as a quadriplegic as a result of the vaccination that she took and so we've got that case ongoing.
There's a number of them that Angela and I
are currently working on.
We represent airline employees in the aviation sector.
We represent health care employees in Ontario and in V.C.
and government employees.
And so we've got a large swath of cases that are out there on varying different grounds.
If you ask me, you know, which one keeps me up at night and which one I have the most kind of
sadness over.
It's got to be Sean.
I'm a father.
I cannot imagine being a father going through this.
And when I see Dan Hartman, who is bringing this lawsuit, when you look at his commitment, it's unwavering.
It's like nothing I've seen before.
And so I think that that's a very important case.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, Dan has been tireless in championing and trying to get truth.
So I'm sorry he was not available to join the call today.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, me too.
But yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
So in case you're not aware of it, because I'm sure you're super busy, I did publish the data from the Czech Republic, which proves
beyond any doubt that these vaccine shots killed people.
So that might be a nice little arrow in your quiver.

[SPEAKER_06]
So did Pfizer, Steve.
Pfizer published that data as well, not the same data you've published, but the data that we've looked at, the early data that came from the clinical trials does show significant serious adverse side effects, including death.
And this was never communicated to the public.
So again, it's out there.
It's going to get a lot more out there and hopefully we get justice.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
So, but I mean, we have very large scale evidence, you know, 10 million records, over 10 million records.
So if that can be useful to you, just let me know.
I'll be happy to help out.
So, Livia, let's open it up for Q&A.

[SPEAKER_03]
Absolutely.
Thank you.
All of you again for being here tonight and sharing your story and your experience.
It's invaluable.
I'm going to start for doing what you're doing.

[SPEAKER_04]
I mean, it's great that you're not caving and that you're standing up and fighting for what's right.

[SPEAKER_01]
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, it's very brave.
It's really hard as Steve will attest and I know in my personal experience to keep standing up and fighting this because oftentimes it's deflating.
It feels like it's deaf ears.
So kudos to all of you.
I'm going to start with the question for Leslie.
How pushy were the media and leaders and neighbors in your province for various aspects of COVID era mandates?

[SPEAKER_02]
Sorry, completely out of my league.
Okay.
How many, what was it?

[SPEAKER_03]
How pushy were the media and the leaders and neighbors in your province for various aspects of COVID era mandates?

[SPEAKER_02]
Oh, really pushy.
I mean, we had billboards everywhere and I don't watch a lot of television, but there were lots of ads, television ads.
I mean, it was everywhere.
They were giving out stuff at
uh, the Toronto sky dome to kids.
They had a big clinic down there.
I mean, it was in your face everywhere.

[SPEAKER_03]
And personally, what did you face from your friends, family and neighbors and coworkers?

[SPEAKER_02]
Hmm.
Well, I guess I'm kind of disclosing my own status here in a way, but, um, I have two children, uh, and I chose not to vaccinate them for any childhood vaccines.
So 20 years ago, thank you, when I had my first daughter and I went in through what I considered my own due diligence in research, because I am a librarian, I kind of go a bit kooky when I start looking at stuff.
And I really read all kinds of stuff on both sides and I made a really,
informed decision, we went to a pediatrician, we went to a naturopath, we did everything.
And I had a lot of pushback then from some of my family members who have changed their minds on some of this now.
So I don't think they would have been surprised at my decision around the COVID vaccine.
Yeah, I lost a lot of friends and family members over that.
I don't know.
I think we all have had face backlash.
That's for sure.
Decision.

[SPEAKER_03]
What caused those that change their mind to change their mind?
What, what, where did, where did that shift come from?

[SPEAKER_02]
I think becoming my sister, my younger sister example, she vaccinated her kids and they had health issues like
Asmans, et cetera, growing up.
And I always respected her decision.
And I think she respected mine when it came to my own children.
But now there's just been so much more evidence coming out about vaccines in general.
And she's really now come around to understanding that, you know, maybe they aren't as safe.
and effective as we all have been led to believe.
And again, there's not a lot of informed consent as we know.
I mean, most people don't even know they can send their kids to school without vaccination here.
I have told so many people, they're like, oh, you can't go to school if you don't have your vaccines.
That is entirely not true.
You have the choice to get an exemption, whether it's conscientious.
I mean, the narrative around all vaccination is,
I think thankfully collapsing.
Because again, people, look, if people want to vaccinate their children, that's fine, but I think they need to do their research, seek out those who can support them.
I mean, Dr. Kuska supported me when I went to her and said, I, you know, I don't think I want to vaccinate my children.
I remember specifically her saying to me, what are you going to do to support the immune system of your children?
That's what you want to hear from your doctor, right?
I've made this decision.
I've done all this research, you know, and I keep my children healthy in many ways.

[SPEAKER_03]
Thank you.
Question for Dr. Kuska from Green Tea 369.
Is there any data with people receiving blood products like transfusion or placenta products used in other countries for liver disease?

[SPEAKER_01]
I'm sorry, say that again.
Is there any data?

[SPEAKER_03]
Is there any data with people receiving blood products like transfusion or placenta products used in other countries for liver disease?
Interesting, I've not quite heard that.

[SPEAKER_01]
I am not clear about that question.
So I'm not sure if I can answer that.

[SPEAKER_03]
Okay, yeah, fair enough.
I'm going to follow up with the next question for you then from an Alaskan.
Can you talk about the detrimental effects of mass on little children with and without conditions like asthma, autism, social anxiety, learning difficulties, etc.?

[SPEAKER_01]
Without those conditions?

[SPEAKER_03]
With and without.

[SPEAKER_01]
With and without.
Well, certainly
I had heard from many of my patients, young patients who wore the masks, about headaches, fatigue, difficulty focusing.
all of those types of symptoms that they were experiencing from wearing the mask.
And those are the physical symptoms.
And then there is, of course, the anxiety around wearing it.
Some of them found it suffocating, the social difficulties with wearing them, not being able to see the face and
So there were a lot of both physical and emotional and social challenges that these children and educational as well.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, I remember seeing some videos early on on the effects that a mother was having with her child or like maybe one year old and she was making all these faces and the child would react and laugh and then they put a mask on the mom and had her just look and the baby just started to panic and freak out about that.
Even in the reverse, it's detrimental.
A question for Paul Slansky and probably for Omar as well, also from an Alaskan.
How many doctors in Canada are currently under the sort of legal review that Dr. Kuska is under?
For what sorts of infractions?

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, I haven't sort of kept tabs on them all, but I'm familiar with many of the cases that have gone to court and have gone before discipline hearing and in relation to COVID issues and there I'm aware of about
six or seven, there probably are more.
But I haven't been keeping tabs on them except to the extent they end up having some kind of decision that's an important precedent that I have to digest and deal with.
So I haven't made a study of it.

[SPEAKER_06]
My answer would just be too many.
There are too many.
At the end of the day,
There is a sanctity to the doctor-patient relationship and decisions were made during COVID, after COVID that dealt with vaccines or masks or anything else that they dealt with.
And to drag these doctors through the mud for doing that I think is deplorable.
I wish them all the best, but there are far too many of them that have been disciplined or are going through this process now.

[SPEAKER_03]
I'm curious for both Paul and Omar, colleagues in your field, what did they say to you about the work you're doing?
Do they think you're crazy or are they saluting you?
What are you getting from your colleagues?

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, I don't think anybody's saluting.
Well, we're not getting salutes.
Not at my firm.
I can't speak for Paul.
Myself and Angela Wood are fighting the fight every day.
We're here for our clients, though, not for accolades.
We really don't care what
what others think.
It's our job as lawyers to represent our clients' interests to the fullest.
You know, there are lawyers that are great criminal lawyers, like I'm sure Paul is, who sometimes represent people who have done reprehensible things.
But they're all entitled to representation and they don't say anything about them.
But somehow COVID is over the line to a few of them.
But I guess my answer is I could care less.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right.
Okay, I got another question for either of you.
An Alaskan asks, is the CPS like the AMA where it represents many but not all doctors, or is it the country's medical licensing entity or other?

[SPEAKER_06]
I think Paul's frozen.

[SPEAKER_03]
Oh yeah, he may have frozen.
Paul, are you there?
Let me read it again for you, Paul.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, I'm here, but I only got bits of what you were saying.

[SPEAKER_03]
Okay, let me reread the question.
Is the CPS like the AMA where it represents many but not all doctors or is it the country's medical licensing entity or other?

[SPEAKER_08]
The CPSO is, first of all, just Ontario-wide.

[SPEAKER_03]
We lost him again.
You may or may not be able to follow up on that Omar.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, well, it deals with licensing and disciplinary proceedings and, and, and the like.
So I don't know if that, uh, I'm not sufficiently familiar with all the various, uh, entities in the, in the United States, even though I have an American law degree, I've never practiced in the States nor ever practiced in this area.
So I don't know whether it's the same as the, the, uh, entity that was being referred to, but, uh, deals with licensing and disciplinary proceedings.

[SPEAKER_03]
Okay.
Question for Omar from Jeannie.
At what point do all these national cases go to a global court of law, i.e.
the World Court, the Hague?
In other words, what does it take to rise above national legal bounds and rise to the level of a global legal issue?

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, I mean, look, the Hague and the World Court have their own set of statutes and laws that they interpret around international treaties and war crimes.
I think they're pretty useless anyway, as they've shown themselves to be.
So I don't know if you'd want it there.
What you want to do is live in a country that respects the rule of law and that courts apply that law equally and hopefully you get your fundamental rights guaranteed through your constitution and charter ironed out and implemented.
And that's where we want to be.
I don't ever want to be in the Hague for any reason ever, but maybe that's just me.

[SPEAKER_03]
Paul, any thoughts on that one?

[SPEAKER_08]
I largely agree.
I mean, it really is more of a state to state issue unless it gets to international criminal law, which is highly unlikely that anyone would ever deal with that.
And again, you have the International Civil and Political Covenant, the protocol there too, and you can proceed to the UN with
written submissions where the domestic courts don't give you give any effect to some rights.
But I've done that once and it's it's a waste of time.

[SPEAKER_03]
So no no national court or international court is going to take Steve's check data and try to hold countries accountable or big pharma on an international level.

[SPEAKER_06]
No, but they might try to hold Steve accountable.

[SPEAKER_04]
There you go.
Justice at last.

[SPEAKER_03]
Another question for Dr. Kuska from IED.
If there is not even one peer-reviewed clinically-trialed study proving face diapers are effective against the coronavirus, how do we go about accountability?
Who pays the piper?

[SPEAKER_01]
I mean, I think ultimately, if I understand the question, I don't know whether the college really cares whether the masks were effective or not effective, even though now I believe Dr. Fauci has stated that the masks for children were not scientifically proven to be effective.
But sort of beyond that issue of mask, it's now
now gotten to the arena of doctor compliance and doctor governability.
And I am being taken in front of the discipline committee for being non-compliant.
So it's not even now about the mask, it's about that I haven't been compliant and governable as far as what the demands of the college were.
And
Yeah, and so all doctors are being threatened.
If you just don't follow what the guidelines are, you could lose your license.
And, you know, I've been fortunate that I have been able to continue to work and see my patients and support my patients where so many amazing physicians have lost their licenses, unfortunately, during this time of COVID.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, it does sound like it's a personal thing now more than the science behind the masks.

[SPEAKER_01]
That's right.

[SPEAKER_03]
That's so, so unfortunate.
I have a follow up to that first question that has been clarified here that might help from Green Tea 369.
The question was wondering if there is data about non-vaccinated people receiving blood products from the vaccinated supply.
Are people receiving blood transfusion at the same elevated risk?

[SPEAKER_01]
I mean, that has definitely been a concern.
And I know in Canada, when you donate blood, there is no marker on the donated blood that says it comes from a vaccinated or a non-vaccinated person.
So I know in my practice, numerous patients who have needed blood
have been very concerned about receiving blood from a vaccinated person if they themselves were not vaccinated because of the transmission possibly of the adverse effects that may happen to them.
So I don't know of any scientific data or any studies, but it has been a concern for many people.
Yes.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
Well, I'm going to leave the questions there and thank you all again for being here.
I want to see Paul, if anyone wants to contact you or find you up there in Canada, how can they find you?

[SPEAKER_08]
I don't want to encourage a lot of inundation with inquiries, but I can be contacted.
I don't have a big online presence, but I can be contacted if someone wants, they can find me through the Law Society website, if nothing else.

[SPEAKER_03]
And Omar, how about you?

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, we do have a website.
We gussied it up.
So please go to shacelaw.ca if you want to contact us.
And please go to Answers for Sean on Twitter to follow Dan Hartman and help him as best you can in his case.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, and Janet will put that in the chat for us.
And Sonia, are you taking any new patients these days?

[SPEAKER_01]
Or are you just busy in a... No, I mean, I'm busy, but also, as you can see, my situation is...
Yeah, I'm not sure where it's going to be.
I mean, my discipline hearing is on August 13th, where Paul is going to present again, whether...
The motion.
The motion.
Okay, I'm sorry.
Why don't you tell Paul what you're presenting on the 13th?

[SPEAKER_08]
It's a motion challenging the... Oh dear.

[SPEAKER_03]
I feel like he'll be back in any second.

[SPEAKER_08]
Or he's basically saying also arguing that it's an abusive process to proceed to discipline in respect of Dr. Koska and Dr. Kelly and it's a joint proceeding.

[SPEAKER_01]
Okay, well, because of that uncertainty, Olivia, I am not accepting any new patients right now.

[SPEAKER_03]
Will you keep us updated after the 13th?
We should follow up and get us updated as to how that goes and how it continues to go.
We'd love to hear.
And then Leslie, what about people who want to support what you're doing and maybe get involved?

[SPEAKER_02]
Sure.
Thank you.
We had a great website that was up, which is offline right now, but you can, anyone who's interested in finding out more and getting updates when we send them out,
can send an email to info at privacyisyourright.ca.

[SPEAKER_03]
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_02]
We'll get back to them.

[SPEAKER_03]
Great, and Janet will also put that in the chat and we'll put it in the description.
Again, thank you all for being here and sharing your story.
It's been just heartbreaking, to say the least, to hear what you've all been through.
And we'll continue to support you as well as best we can.

[SPEAKER_02]
Absolutely.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.

[SPEAKER_03]
Thanks.
Have a great rest of evening.
Steve hang in there.
We got a few things to take to wrap up here tonight.
Wow.
It's just, I don't even know what to say between the legal system, the medical boards, the patients, the doctors.

[SPEAKER_04]
I mean, it's, it's all stacked against us.
The truth.
It's, it's stacked against the truth.
It's insane.

[SPEAKER_03]
I had another personal experience today.
Another anecdote I can share.
I had to go to,
a doctor with a family member who has a...
post-operative blood clot in their leg.
And just went to follow up, make sure everything's good.
And the question came up, are there any blood clots in your family?
You know, anything that we can sort of look back on.
And I said, well, no, except, except my mom received, after her third booster shot, got a blood clot.
And it was, it almost killed her.
And the nurse practitioner was like,
confused that I equated the vaccine as a possibility for causing that.
And she was just like, and I'm like, no, actually, the nurses and the doctors at the Cleveland Clinic actually didn't flat out blame that and say it, but they were like, it could be, they weren't close to it.
And this person today was completely baffled by it.
so that another frustrating anecdote there.

[SPEAKER_04]
And the evidence is out in plain sight.
We have the record level data.
It's out in plain sight.
Anyone can look at it.
Anyone can analyze it.
It's so easy to do.
I made it so simple.
You type in one four-letter word.
It's not what you think.
It's make.
And all the analysis is done for you.
And you can see it.
And it's so obvious, looking at the data, what's going on.
God, you know, it's like you can lead a horse to water, but you can't make them look at the data.

[SPEAKER_03]
No.
No, you can't.
You can't.
Well, I'm going to go into the last part of our show here tonight.
We are just, I just want to remind everyone, we are a non-profit 501C3 and we operate solely on your donations.
And tonight's donor spotlight is the incredible P from Massachusetts.
She writes, I'm one of your appreciative admirers and I watch VSRF faithfully and I'm horrified by many of your guests' reports, especially tonight probably.
I'm 95.
You and your supporters are true patriots and a healthy sense of morality, with a healthy sense of morality.
We Americans are indebted to you for your courageous actions in these unimaginable times.
I send my gratitude
Thank you, P. We appreciate your support and all of our Spotlit donors.
We really truly appreciate it and can't do this without you.

[SPEAKER_04]
You know, I haven't seen any of the donors actually reveal their names.
Are they afraid of getting

[SPEAKER_03]
Retribution or What do you think the reason is you know, I've got to ask and find out I think there's an a blanket arrangement that we have with our donors to You know anonymize them based on several so I think it's that but uh I'll get the answer to that question for you Steve and if anyone wants to
become a spotlight donor and reveal who they are.
I'd be happy to bring you on camera.

[SPEAKER_04]
Maybe Peter Hotez or.

[SPEAKER_03]
It could be Peter.
Are they both in Massachusetts?
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
I'm not sure.

[SPEAKER_03]
It's not the real truth or that's for sure.
Yeah.
And another way you could support us.

[SPEAKER_04]
There you go.
That would be hilarious.
Wouldn't it?
The real truth or supporting VSRF.

[SPEAKER_03]
That would be when hell freezes over as they say.

[SPEAKER_04]
Hell freezes over.
Yeah, in fact, you know, like, we'll know that we've won when the real truth or is one of our spotlight donors.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yes, when he comes on board and puts his well, actually, nobody really knows who he is, right?
Isn't he actually anonymous?

[SPEAKER_04]
I think I could probably figure out who he is.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
Well, and then also another way to support us is they've extended the authors of the book, The COVID-19 Vaccines and Beyond, what the medical industrial complex is not telling us.
is they're extending it through today.
So if you get a copy, we will get 50% of the proceeds donated to VSRF.
Janet will put the link in the chat right now and in the description for this book.
So get your copy.
Mine is about to arrive.
So get your copy and
and it'll help support VSFRF.
And then also another way to support us is through our getting some merch, our swag shop.
We still have our misinformation super spreader.
Looks like candles and hat and mugs and all kinds of fun stuff in here for your pets.
We have a lot of different options here for you to choose from.
So that's another way to support us is to get on board and share your pride with some swag from the VSRF.
And then next week, lastly, we have check out, where am I here?
We have next week joining us new plaintiffs bringing suits against Pfizer for medical misconduct, including famed whistleblower and BSRF friend, Brooke Jackson, Justin Leslie, and Kim Witzak.
And that'll be next week.
So join us again on Thursday night, same time on Rumble and X.
And I'm gonna leave us with a video from former CDC director Robert Redfield saying that we never should have mandated vaccines and insists that the FDA release its data on COVID shots, safety and efficacy.
Steve, why is it that these people keep coming out and now saying it's like this guy Redfield,
But nothing happens.

[SPEAKER_04]
It's like it's a good first step.
I think what he said is a is a great first step.
And I think it helps people to realize that that it's no one was never safe.

[SPEAKER_03]
I don't think the legacy media runs these clips of someone like that or any of these testaments.
They don't.
So that's why we're here.
Anyway, Steve, have a great rest of your evening.
Everyone who joined us this evening, thank you for being here.
Have a great evening and weekend, and we hope to see you again next week.
Have a good night.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_00]
Again, I think Senator, what you're getting at, which I'm 100% agreeing with you, is I think there was not appropriate transparency from the beginning about the potential side effects of these vaccines.
And I do think there was inappropriate decisions by some to try to under report any side effects because they argued that would make the public less likely to get vaccinated.
I do think one of the greatest mistakes that was made, of course, was mandating these vaccines.
They should have never been mandated.
It should have been open to personal choice.
They don't prevent infection.
They do have side effects.
I'm going to clinic this afternoon.

[SPEAKER_07]
But again, again, I appreciate your admitting side effects, but you have to admit the people, the agencies, the marks.
You know, the Dr. Marks, the Dr. Woodcock, they're still by and large denying this, right?
They're saying, well, they're mild, they're rare and they're mild.
They're not rare and they're severe to death.

[SPEAKER_00]
The FDA should release all of the safety data they have.
I was very disappointed to hear that they were planning to hold on to that till 2026.
That really creates a sense of total lack of trust in our public health agencies towards vaccination.
It's counterproductive.

[SPEAKER_07]
So Mr. Chairman, I'm not getting cooperation out of the Chairman of the Perm Subcommittee investigation to issue subpoenas to get this information.
You have not yet issued a subpoena to get the final 50 pages unredacted.
I would suggest we do that.
Again, as important as the cover-up of the origin story is, there's a lot more that's being covered up.
The public has the right to know.
We pay for these agencies.
We pay their salaries.
We fund these studies.
they're not giving them to us.
So again I would ask you again appreciate this hearing this is important there are many aspects of our miserably failed response to COVID that needs to be uncovered.
Not the least of which the sabotage of early treatment which I didn't have time to get into.
