[UNKNOWN]
you

[SPEAKER_02]
Well let me tell you a story of a man named Fauci on a tragic and fateful day.
He put millions in his pocket and with Visor and Moderna built the whole world with mRNA.
Then all day long Tony lied on TV station saying, science is run by me.
We can't afford even one gram of dine.
Say goodbye to your autonomy.
Well, did that jab ever work?
Oh, no, it never did work.
And our fate is still unlearned.
Good ol' Fauci finds her life.
We tried to find the speed of science.
It's the jab that never did work.
They bought all the media, they locked Wikipedia, they fired cute for thinking straight.
Such a blatant conspiracy, they called him delirious, the cult of MRNA.
All the NPCs signed up at vaccine stations proudly playing Big Pharma's Game.
And when you're through, they'll give you one more booster, now you'll never get off of that train.
We'll do that job ever, we're going nowhere.
And our fate is still unlearned.
Shame and scandal flies our life.
We tried to fly the speed aside.
It's just a jab that never did work.
Tony found she will go down as pure abomination with a pussy to push it to.
Don't forget who was complacent calling rape immunization.
No more refunds.
Your taxes due.
All the dentists into her court to think.
It's a scandal how they can't hold your lives away.
Just keep licking boots and lying for petals like to bite until you're dying for MRNA.
Well, didn't that job ever work?

[SPEAKER_08]
Oh, no, it never did work.

[SPEAKER_02]
And our fate is still unlearned.
We all warned Jeffizer lie.
We tried to fight the speed of silence as the jam that never did work.
It's getting tough to ignore.
There's more people dying.
Stop denying there's something wrong.
And when at last this house of cards collapses Take my hand and let's sing this song Well, did that jab ever work?
Oh no, it never did work And our fate is still unlearned Blame, germ theory, visor lie We tried to apply the speed of science As the jab that never did work Well, did that jab ever work?
Oh no, it never did work And our fate is still unlearned Visor lie We tried to apply the speed of science As the jab that never did Jab that never did The jab that never did

[SPEAKER_08]
Tonight on VSRF Live, Steve Kirsch speaks with New Zealand whistleblower Barry Young, who made global headlines by exposing the New Zealand Public Health Agency record-level data with devastating results for the so-called safe and effective narrative across the globe.

[SPEAKER_06]
Atte Fatu Ora employees shouted freedom and received a standing ovation from supporters as he appeared in court for allegedly taking COVID-19 vaccine data.

[SPEAKER_07]
Barry Young blowing kisses to his supporters as he potentially faces seven years in prison for allegedly taking vaccine data from his employer's database, something he discussed with Liz Gunn.

[SPEAKER_04]
Basically, I saw too much that I couldn't do nothing anymore.

[SPEAKER_07]
He allegedly downloaded a terabyte of data, which later spread online and claimed Te Whatu Order was covering up thousands of COVID-19 vaccine deaths.

[SPEAKER_08]
Hello and welcome, I'm Livio Sanchez.
Tonight, we have a very special VSRF Live.
We'll be joined by courageous New Zealand whistleblower, Barry Young.
Barry is an IT professional who formerly worked at the Ministry of Health in New Zealand.
Barry made global headlines in December 2023 by exposing the New Zealand Public Health Agency, Tewatu Ora, record level data, with devastating results for the so-called safe and effective vaccine narrative across the globe.
Young has since been arrested and is currently out on bail awaiting trial, where he faces up to seven years in prison for his heroic truth telling.
We are so grateful to have him on tonight.
Also joining us this evening is freelance investigative journalist Liz Gunn.
Liz helped Barry share his story with the world.
And now let's bring on VSRF founder, Steve Kersh.
Hello, Steve.
Welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you feeling this evening?

[SPEAKER_01]
a lot better than I was feeling last time.
Let's put it that way.
Yeah, you got that.
I was in bad shape last time.
My aura ring was actually telling me, Steve, you have a problem here.
And I should have checked myself into the hospital the morning of a week ago.
And I ignored that.
And I'm paying the price for it because it's taking a little bit longer to recover.
So my white count got up to 24, which is pretty bad.
It says you're highly infected.
And if I had paid attention to the aura ring, I would have noticed that my nighttime
um uh pulse was it would climb it climbed from like 80 to 100 um never seen that before your pulse is supposed to be you know pretty constant goes low comes back to normal but it's never supposed to go up
like that.
So that was a telltale sign that I was in serious trouble.
Plus my heart rate was elevated.
I think it was like 114.
That's now back in the 80s.
And those two things should have said, Steve, you've got to check yourself into a hospital.
This is like the
We hate to, you know, it's like.

[SPEAKER_08]
What was the diagnosis, Steve?
What did you have?

[SPEAKER_01]
I had a, let's see, what do they call it?
It wasn't COVID or anything.
A UTI, a urinary tract infection.

[SPEAKER_08]
Wow.
Well, I was surprised you were able to make it through the whole show last week.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
Well, I definitely shouldn't have made it through the whole show.
I should have, uh, uh, checked in the hospital.
So I checked in the hospital, they did all the, uh, the tests, they did the urine analysis, uh, the blood counts and so forth.
And it was, I, I came in saying, I think it's a UTI and they, they said, yeah, it's UTI.
Um, so they, they, uh, they started me on IV antibiotics and gave me, uh,
a leader of sailing and then sent me home with a prescription for antibiotics.
But the bottom line here is that this aura ring, which costs people like 300 bucks, I mean, the hospital bill was many times that.
I'm just super impressed with the Aura Ring in terms of its prognostic capability and diagnostic capability.

[SPEAKER_08]
For those that don't know, can you tell us what the Aura Ring is and how it works?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, it's spelled O-U-R-A.
And I think it's the website's aura.com.
And I don't get any commission or anything from this.
So it's a ring that you wear on your finger.
It looks like it's just a ring.
And it measures your body temperature.
It measures your SPO2.
It measures your heart rate.
And then it gives you a score.
It tells you how well you slept and how much stress you're under and so forth.
So it's a great diagnostic tool.
But the problem is that the software should have told me that, hey, Steve, you're in trouble.
Or maybe you just ignored it.
Your heart rate went from 80 to 100.
uh, after you went to bed, not supposed to happen.
I think you should check into it.
And so that's a, that's a huge fault of the, of the software for, for not, um, yeah, for not giving you that, that information up front.
Exactly.

[SPEAKER_08]
Before we bring in our guests this evening, I want to remind everyone that we rely on your donations.
We are a 501c3 at the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation, and it's because of your donations that we're able to bring on guests like the ones we have tonight.
We have, so yes, all of your donations are very helpful.
So please, if you can, you can donate at vaxsafety.org backslash donate.
If everyone here gives even a buck, we're doing all right for tonight.
So all of your donations are greatly appreciated and thank you in advance.
Without further ado, I wanna bring on our esteemed guests this evening
Barry Young.
Welcome to VSRF Live, Barry.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thank you for having me.
It's a pleasure to be here.
And I'd also like to especially welcome New Zealand police who are no doubt listening into this conversation.
I've got to say something.
I got this printed.
I don't know if you can see that.
Wrong way.
There it is.
Explain the data.
Can you see that?
Yes, so I'm going to send you a copy, Steve.
Excellent.

[SPEAKER_08]
Before we get started, I want to share with the audience and the police and anyone else who's after you.
I want to read your bio before we get started.
Barry is responsible for bringing so much attention and awareness to the New Zealand record-level data.
He has helped to open the eyes of so many millions of people across the world.
Barry worked in IT for decades and as an Oracle database administrator for almost 20 years in high-level security clearance jobs.
for Swiss banks and government agencies.
Until now, he has had a flawless record.
To clarify, Barry is not a social media personality, nor is he a fame seeker.
He is not an anti-vaxxer, and he is not a conspiracy theorist.
Barry is just a regular guy.
That is, until the 2020 pandemic and the rollout of the vaccines.
Barry, like many other people across the world, became concerned and started paying close attention.
Because Barry worked directly with the Ministry of Health Vaccination System, Barry was in a unique position to truly see behind the curtain.
It was then that he saw what was happening in the data itself, which was impossible to deny.
And the rest, as they say, is history.
Please join me in saying thank you and welcome Barry Young.
And also, we have another very special guest that is joining us tonight, and she is actually here live as well.
Liz Gunn.
Hello, Liz.
Welcome to VSRF Live.
If you can hear it, you need to unmute yourself because I muted you a little earlier, so just hit the unmute button and we'll be able to hear you.
In the meantime, while Liz gets situated there, yeah, you're muted, Liz.
In the meantime, I'm going to read Liz's bio as well here.
Liz is trained as a lawyer and practiced in commercial litigation as well as teaching law professionals at Auckland University.
She then transferred into mainstream media on a presenting nightly news bulletins breakfast show and other flagship programs.
Liz has been on a crusade for truth and journalism long before the pandemic, calling for transparency and government funded media free from influence.
She now works as a freelance investigative journalist telling the stories that are being hidden in the currently highly censored media environment.
She protested the lockdowns and mandates in 2020 and created the New Zealand Loyal Party in 2023.
We are thankful to have Liz with us as well this evening.
I think Liz is having some technical issues.
So I'm going to try to work with her backstage and get that sorted out.
In the meantime, I'm going to leave Steve and Barry to continue the conversation.

[SPEAKER_01]
Hi.
Hey.

[SPEAKER_04]
Hey.
Nice to talk to you.
It's been a while.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
I think the last thing was Alex Jones, wasn't it?
So that was a while ago.
And what was all those things on your head, by the way?
You sent a tweet out with some weird, you looked like hell, Reza.

[SPEAKER_01]
Oh, that's a cloning device, so that if anything happens to me, the two of me will...

[SPEAKER_04]
Excellent.
Can you send one over here?

[SPEAKER_01]
No, it's actually a contraption for doing visual field test, where essentially you just look at a pattern and by the electrodes then pick up the signals in your brain to find out how you're responding, whether it's your eyes are visually transmitting
the information.
So they check one eye at a time and so they can compare the eyes.
So it's a way of doing visual fields without you pressing a button.
So you just sit there and you press a button when the cross changes from normal to black.

[SPEAKER_04]
So was that part of your tests?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, so I did a bunch of visual tests, and now I'm started on the eyedrops and the supplements to restore my vision.
And I've written about that in the previous sub-stack.
So I'm walking the talk here.
And so I started today with the protocol.
Yeah, so far so good.

[SPEAKER_04]
Good luck.

[SPEAKER_01]
Thank you.
Yeah, so let's see.
All right, how's this?
Okay.
Yeah, I have some piano tuning being done in the background, so I wanted to not have that distract.
So Barry, you had a court appearance recently.
I'd love to hear an update on what happened in your latest court appearance.
How many people appeared in the courtroom?
How many people whose reporters were outside?
What actually transpired in the hearing?
And did you ask them what you're being charged with because they're charging you with this statute where you have to have personal gain?
Yeah, I know.
You're basically unlawfully accessing a computer system for personal gain is effectively what you've been charged with and it's a seven-year penalty because they can't say that you access to computer system to expose the fraud because there's no law about that.
But

[SPEAKER_04]
to set lives.
It's insane.
I think if we just backtracked to December last year, I think when the shit hit the fan, when all this came out, they were just desperate.
They were absolutely desperate to think of something.
And it was probably in the control room in Gestapo HQ.
where they were all sitting in a dungeon and saying, what are we going to do?
What are we going to get this guy?
And they just panicked and came up with this ridiculous, absolutely ridiculous charge that made no sense.
They were written in the Crimes Act 1961, where the computers they had back then were the size of buildings.
And to steal data would have been such a huge thing for some benefit.
I think they were talking like Russia, espionage type of thing.
So that's basically the only thing they could come up with.

[SPEAKER_01]
So basically they're looking for, they wanted to put you in jail.
Yeah, pretty much.
They looked at what statutes that you could have violated, but there's no possible way you could be convicted on what you've charged with.

[SPEAKER_04]
I know.
I think the last one was probably something like the profumo affair where they gave the nuclear secrets to Russia.
So that was their precedent.
So this one is like completely off the charts because
I'm being charged with trying to save lives.
What is it?
How does that work?
Well, come on, come on.
Sacrifice everything.

[SPEAKER_01]
It's safe and effective, right?
But what happened in court, your latest hearing, what actually transpired?

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, that was the thing that just blew me away.
And every court appearance has been literally a magical experience for me.
I've never been in court before.
I've never been in trouble with police before.
So this is like all new to me.
And it's like, you know, it's weird when you see the courtroom on TV and movies.
And it's like, you see all the crowds and the press there.
It's like, wow, this is like, this is real.
This is normal.
Liz again.
So it feels like being on a movie set when I go in there.
And it is because there's so much support and love there.
And the people are just amazing.
And so what happened when I was in court?
Because the security staff and the guys that work there regularly, they probably don't see the best of people, to be honest.
They see people who have committed crimes and whatnot.
They're going through hard times, so it's for them to see something like this where someone is basically just trying to do the right thing.
I'm not doing anything wrong.
I've sacrificed my career, my livelihood, everything to bring this out in the open.
And thank you for that as well for your partners.
So for them to see that, someone who's actually trying to do good for humanity,
It turns the whole justice system on its head.
So the whole system is now inverted.
So when I walked in the courtroom and saw the smiles on the security staff faces, all those beautiful people, and the way that they did have, they couldn't hide their smiles.
When I walked into the dock, I just felt a love of them.
And the guy, are you going to hug me?
He touched me.
He was like, wow, what is going on here?
So these are the grassroots people who are the backbone of New Zealand.
And they're good, honest people.
And all they want is the same answers that we all want.
They just want to know what the truth is.
And they've probably lost colleagues.
They might have been mandated out of jobs.
Can you hear Liz there?
Sorry about that.
For them to see something like this, it's all good.
We're going to get some resolution.
I didn't ask what I was being charged with because I'm quite happy to be charged with that.
To be honest, I don't want to go overboard and invent some new charge that they can then pin on to this.
So this charge to me is perfect because when you look at the definition of it and what I've actually got to go through to actually prove the guilt, it's like, there's no way they can get me on this, not unless the whole justice system is brought to us by Pfizer, which I'm not ruling that out.
It could be a thing.
I just hope that, you know, in the jury, in the jury, there's one or two good, honest people who will, you know, see that I am doing the right thing.

[SPEAKER_01]
So there's no mainstream media in New Zealand who has come out in support of you, like written an editorial saying, this guy's unfairly charged.
I mean, it's so corrupt.
that anybody who reads the law, which I have, I've read the law under which you're charged, there's no way.
They could get a conviction on this.
This is just going to be a huge embarrassment for them.
And it's going to be worse because you're going to go free on this.
And it's going to make them look really, really bad.
But I'll bet you there's no mainstream media that's come out and said, yep, Barry Young, unfairly charged.
He's just doing the right thing.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, it all depends on what you mean by the mainstream though, because I was just looking the other day and we've lost one of our mainstream channels now, which is called News Hub.
It was on by Warner Brothers and it was basically, yeah, we've got two, essentially two news channels in New Zealand.
We've got TV1 and we've got TV3 and TV3 was called News Hub.
And they brought like a 6pm news, traditional news channel.
And the news the other day was, oh, we're going to close down because we're not making any money.
And so Warner Brothers who owns them, I'm just going to pull out.
So they've got until June and they were all
sad face about it, and then Sean Plunkett, who's in the platform, was asking questions.
Oh, what's happening to the mainstream media now?
We don't know what, why is this happening?
Why is this such a terrible thing?
Well, the answer is, if you guys did your job and reported honestly and truthfully what is really happening in the world,
then you wouldn't be in this situation.
And now for you to claim that you're still the mainstream is not really true anymore because we are now the mainstream.
This channel is probably now more mainstream than any others.
So it's just the things are just changing so fast.
It's like they're a snowball in a bucket of hot water.
They're just melting so quickly.
And they're just going to go, just going to disappear.
Sean Plunkett on the platform again, he was tweeting out because NZ doctors, SOS, NZD SOS, there are a group of brilliant people, all doctors who are against the COVID mandates and the vaccine.
handed a letter to our deputy prime minister on the steps of parliament yesterday.
And he promised that he would read it.
And this is a letter by the group, New Zealand doctors speaking out with science.
And he made a speech, a short speech.
And I don't know if you've seen it, it's got, it got a huge number of views
OK.

[SPEAKER_01]
They can't hear her, in other words.

[SPEAKER_04]
OK. Yeah.
I can hear it.

[SPEAKER_01]
Can you mute her?

[SPEAKER_04]
All right.
Thank you.
OK. Yeah, it's super distracting.
Sorry about that.
So they handed Winston Peters' letter, Winston then made a speech which was like,
blew my mind and they're just admitting that all the MPs were in a pact where they agreed not to talk to anyone about the mandates.
This is mind blown stuff, but hang on a minute, hang on.
This is to my point about the media.
The media didn't report on that.
The mainstream media, the legacy media
Never said a word.
And Sean Plunkett is like saying, ah, who turned up to this meeting?
There's like 15 people there.
You can't include people on their lunch breaks.
He's taken the piss out of it.
So what I did was I tweeted that out, what Winston said.
And I've got 180,000 views.
It's like, Sean, you just don't get it.
This is a digital world now.
Nobody has to turn up with these things.
It just has to be caught on camera, a phone, anything.
And then it goes viral.
So they do not understand what people want.
So they think that people are just
you know, just to be controlled and sat behind the TVs and stuff like that and told what I think that's not happening anymore.
People want to know the truth.

[SPEAKER_01]
So Winston Peters, see when he read that, I thought he came up with that.
So you're saying that he was handed that to read on TV and he... No, no, no.

[SPEAKER_04]
That was a letter from them.
That was a speech that he just came up with on the spur of the moment.
That was on the spot.
But it's actually something we all knew for the last two years that the people in the parliament, the 120 MPs that we have, supposedly democratically elected,
were basically just told to shut the eff up and not talk to us about any of the mandates or the vaccine harms or anything like that.
They just stungwalled us completely.
And the only way they could do that is if they all agreed in unison across all the parties to do that.
And it's a multi-party system.
We've got lots of different parties.
We've got Greens, Merri Party, National Act, lots of different parties, but they all moved in lockstep.
And they all said the same thing at the same time.
So when Winston came out with that, he wasn't in parliament at the time.
He was the only guy that came down to meet the protesters.
And there was a lot of protesters two years ago.
It was a freedom village.
It was called.
We had the same thing going on in Canada when he came down to meet us.
who's the only guy with the stones who actually said that the politician should come down and talk to the people.
And for them not to do that was reprehensible.
So big kudos to him for that.
I totally admire him for saying that.
But now he said it yesterday as well.
That's a great thing to say.
That's a great thing for him to say that and it will get a lot of attention.
We've got to keep up the attention and the pressure on these guys because they're crumbling.
The whole narrative is crumbling.
So we are going to win this and it's just a matter of time.

[SPEAKER_01]
So this is a little bit surprising to me, because I've been sending text messages to Winston Peters directly.
And so it started off with, you know, hi, I'm the, you know, misinformation spreader, you know.
Super spreader.
And he said, hey, what's up?
And I said, hey, you know, you can end this whole thing by just asking one question.
And so he writes back, okay, I'm game, what's the question?
And I write, you just have to ask your former employer.
You just have to ask them to produce a time series cohort analysis like they're doing in the UK.
And then I never heard a word back from him after that.

[SPEAKER_04]
Just ghosted.

[SPEAKER_01]
I got ghosted.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, well, he's a complicated guy.
He moves in strange circles.
He's an elder statesman now, so this could be his moment to shine.
He could go down in history.
He could go down in history, absolutely as one of the greatest New Zealanders who ever lived.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, or not.

[SPEAKER_04]
Or not.
Well, I said that in the letter to all the MPs that I sent just before this all came out.
I sent all the MPs an email saying,
You know, I've seen a big safety signal in the data.
Um, it needs to be looked at urgently.
You can, you can either be on the right side of history or you can do nothing.
And the answer was sent egg cups round armed like the Gestapo to smash my house in and yeah, put me in hand.

[SPEAKER_01]
Wait a minute, but this is after, uh, did we just lose him?
Uh, wow.
What happened, Olivia?

[SPEAKER_08]
We just lost Barry's feed.
He just vanished.
So maybe his internet crashed or something dropped out.

[SPEAKER_01]
Wow, maybe the news, because Liz dropped at the same time.

[SPEAKER_08]
Right.
Liz has been having trouble hearing us.
And we were able to get her on and hear her as you heard, but she couldn't hear us.
So that's what she's been working on in the background.
And Barry just literally poof dropped out mid sentence.

[SPEAKER_01]
Wow.
I mean,
You know, we could be conspiracy theorists and think that like the government is cut his internet connection.

[SPEAKER_08]
But yeah, I'm going to go with the either something happened technically on his end or, you know, internet does drop out sometimes and.
Maybe he got unplugged.
We'll go with technical difficulties on Barry.
And we were just getting warmed up.
You were just getting warmed up on.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, I wanted to find out if anyone supported him and anyone came to him in Tewatu, Aura, and
uh, said, Hey, that they supported him and what his reaction was from the management.
He talked about the, they sent, uh, you know, six or seven cops to, to arrest him and, um, what, but that wasn't after he wrote to Winston Peters was it?

[SPEAKER_08]
No, I don't think it was.

[SPEAKER_01]
What did he say was the instigation for that?

[SPEAKER_08]
that the cops came to his house.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

[SPEAKER_08]
I can't remember if he said it was if it was recently or before when when it all came out when the cops came.
I thought it was before when.

[SPEAKER_01]
No, no, no, no, no.
No, he basically stole the the info.
And then they they said, you're fired.
And then, I think it was like six days later, he gets... That's when they showed up.
The cops come, yeah.

[SPEAKER_08]
He mentioned the deputy prime minister came out publicly.
I've got that clip.
Let me play that real quick since he brought that up.

[SPEAKER_01]
Oh, yeah.
No, that's an awesome clip.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, here it comes.

[SPEAKER_03]
Can I just say we were here two years ago?
Because we have a country where the people of this have been told that what you hear
that was somehow disloyal, unpatriotic, a deceiver and a liar.
The tragedy of that was so many went along with it, including those who were in this parliament, 120 people signed a pact not to talk to people who have the right to do something that's never been here since 1854, the right to say we disagree.
is we're arguing from this parliament uniquely in the first time in my experience and I think the whole history of this parliament that they were not going to be talked to.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, so he's out there publicly, somewhat supporting without being very specific.
But there's no, there's no follow-up, no investigations.
And we got Barry back, so I'm going to bring him back onto the show.
Welcome back, Barry.

[SPEAKER_04]
No, that was weird.
Thank you to the police for that one, I think.
That was nothing to do with me.
We didn't lose a network.
My internet was fine.
It was just this channel.
It wasn't a timeout or anything, was it?
I'm so weird.
I thought you'd gone.
So yeah, anyway, I'm back now.
And I'm still alive.

[SPEAKER_01]
You're still alive.
Well, I have some good news for you and for the rest of the people who are listening today.
Very special news.
Something that I never thought would happen is I got a message from
Andrew Bridgen and he's a member of Parliament and he said that seven members of Parliament have signed a letter to the UK ONS demanding that they do a time series cohort analysis with detail on the UK data.
My God.

[SPEAKER_04]
That's beautiful.
Could he send one of them over here?

[SPEAKER_01]
I have a copy of that letter in my hot little hands tomorrow morning.
and I'll be sharing that on my sub-stack.
There's no way they can get out of this because we've had a looked at by Professor Norman Fenton and other professors and they say, look, there's no excuse for not doing this.
They can't say that it's a privacy thing.
But it's safe and effective.

[SPEAKER_04]
It's on them to do that.

[SPEAKER_01]
It's like, yeah, it's like, yeah, we want proof.
Let's settle the debate.
Let's get it on.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Let's show us how it is.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, because these guys have been ghosting me at the UK on us when
I said, you know, your time series cohort analysis is pretty lame.
Let's have something that's actually got some legs.
And they wrote back and they said, we don't want to talk about it.
You know, I'm afraid of the truth here.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So what are they trying to say here?
None of us want this.
None of us want this to be a thing.
So it's on them to show that it's not a thing.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, well, you know, so when your data came out, Helen Patusas Harris, I think is her name.
Patusas.
Whatever.
And she said that she's going to have an analysis of this thing out soon.
And I haven't seen an analysis.
Have you seen an analysis?
Have you seen an analysis from anybody in the world saying that this New Zealand data that Barry Young leaked proves that the vaccines are safe?

[SPEAKER_04]
Not a single one.
So the only work that I've seen with any credence or credibility is the stuff that you've done.
And there's other guys out there.
There's Scoops, I don't know if Scoops is there, Scoops Magoo from Canada, hi.
He's done amazing work as well.
And Ben, the guy Ben, there's some great people out there.
So Twitter's my new life now, so I just live on it constantly.
And thank you to Elon Musk for doing that as well, because I'm sure if it was the other guy in charge, I'd be out.

[SPEAKER_01]
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, you'd be lifetime banned several times over.
So how did it start for you in terms of when you, like, you were just, as you said, you were just doing your job, looking through the data, making sure everything is right, and then you noticed some anomalies.
Like how long was it between the time that you first saw these anomalies and the time you decided I better make a copy of this because they're gonna try to cover it up.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah
short answer about a week until I said, well, I helped build the system.
I was involved on the project from the very early stage and my job was to look after the back end and implement the Apex front end that ingests the data and
creates the front end for them to enter into the batch runs and pay people.
It's a payment system, essentially, what it is.
just a financial system, which is probably why it never got the attention that maybe in hindsight that they would have given it.
They never connected.
They never thought this would actually show what it does show.
And what it does show is like a lot of stuff in remarkable detail.
And because it was a financial system, it has to be audited and it has to be correct.
And it has to go through a whole series of rules.
There's a complicated rules engine that runs on it to audit it and make sure that every record is correct.
So otherwise it wouldn't get paid.
If it's not on that table, it ends up in a bucket that says, oh, it's rejected for whatever reason.
It could be because of invalid contract or duplicate or whatever.
So it doesn't reasons why it wouldn't be paid.
So because it's on this table, this is like,
as good as we can get the data.
And on that table, because it's a financial record, it had a field, a column called data of death, which is an odd thing to have when it's a financial record.
And the reason why it's on there is because I figured out it's so that they can run the test and ask
And as in the rules engine, they can ask, was this person alive at the time of vaccination just to stop people from making fraudulent claims, right?
Trying to claim money for injecting dead people.
So it's basically saying that they're alive.
Okay.
You're going to get paid.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_01]
So there you go.

[SPEAKER_04]
Because it's a financial transaction system, it's set in stone.
Because from that point onwards, that date of death never moves.
It doesn't get updated or anything.
So I thought, yeah, that's a bit funny, because why would you have a date of death on there?
I just connected the dots because on another table that I looked after, it just stores three things, a date of birth, your national health index number, and your date of death.
And that's updated every day, pretty much real time.
And so what I did was I thought, okay, how about I look and then do a select on both tables to correlate, to merge the data best.

[SPEAKER_01]
It's called a join, Barry.

[SPEAKER_04]
A join, yeah.
Well, I'm trying to be, I don't know how technical these people are, so yeah, join the tables.
You know that now, don't you?

[SPEAKER_01]
Oh, wow.

[SPEAKER_04]
So you're an electrical expert.
Now you've done things I couldn't dream of.
So I looked at the data and it was like one of those moments I just like blow your mind.
This was only a week of tug and I could see death start up here.
And what really blew my mind was, you know, several weeks down the line of like just looking at this data and seeing these things roll in week after week.

[SPEAKER_01]
Um, was the clusters management's attention, you know all of this the stuff that you found and I did Steve they sent ed police around and raided my house What does that tell me?

[SPEAKER_04]
I brought it to their attention and they did Like within a couple of days I was in jail That's that's what would have happened if I did that earlier on and none of this would have I wouldn't be talking to you right now I'd be unemployed
pretty much.
You know how it works in the real world.
Anyone who sees a signal like that, they just push them out or they silence them.
So I knew that I had to gather as much of this precious data as I possibly could to make it a complete data series.

[SPEAKER_01]
So you basically knew in advance that you would not be greeted with open arms if you came and said, whoops, we're killing people.

[SPEAKER_04]
That's an understatement.
And you know, I'm not naive.
I could see things like that happening all over the world where, you know, if someone said, oh, there's something wrong here, they're gone.
So I was happy enough to go along with it, keep my mouth shut, keep an eye on the data, just to gather it, gather it, gather it.
It's hard right now.
broke me to do that.
It actually broke me because every week, more and more people were dying and it was disgusting.
It broke my heart to see that, but it's something that had to be done.
These people have got a story to tell and we're the ones who are telling it now and they will be heard.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yes, they will be heard.
you know and speaking of the data you know I took your data I obfuscated I put it on the the internet and then they wrote a nasty grim to wasabi who I used to host the data to begin with wasabi then I
Now took down the data and terminated my account.
And they said, oh, we're investigating.
We received a complaint.
So we removed your data.
I mean, this is like you're guilty and too proven innocent.
Exactly.
Yeah.
And then anyway, so I dumped them as a provider.
I put it up on another host.
They contacted my other hosting provider.

[SPEAKER_04]
Doesn't that show that you've got them worried for a government of New Zealand to actually do that?
This is their data.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, it's showing that it's safe and effective.
Why would you want to do that?
Why would you want to do that?
So anyway, here's the story.
They sent their henchmen, who's this guy at its Australian firm.
Because they couldn't find anybody in New Zealand to take their case so they went to Australia and So this guy sends a threatening letter to to my hosting provider, which is IZT and IZT sends it to us and says hey What do you think and so like now I got the guy's name I know who he is so I start corresponding with it and the guy who sends sends a threatening letter and
He doesn't respond and instead I hear from his boss and he says well you should correspond with me and I said okay fine you know I'm cool about that you know so now I'm sending him text messages he says don't text me email me and so so now I email him and then he says and then he never responds he never responds to a single email and so I text him again I say well you know hey what the fuck
And, you know, you told me to do this.
I did it and nothing.
And I said, I want a Zoom call where we can negotiate my removal of the data.
And there's no interest in doing that.
There's no response from them.
There is no identification of any information for me to redact.
These people are like totally evil people.
Like, look, if there's personal information that can be deciphered from what I put out on the internet, they should tell me, and I said, I happily remove it.
Yeah, they're totally incompetent.

[SPEAKER_04]
They're incompetent and they're running scared.
And the news, the mainstream, the legacy media came up with a story just before my cold case by pure chance.
And it was on the headline news as well, saying, oh, there's been a data breach has affected thousands of vaccinators and they've all been informed in their lives are in danger and all this rubbish.
It's like, I'll hang on a minute.
The new story said some of the nurses, some of the names were vaccinators.
It's like, well, that's bullshit for a start because all the names on the database had to be vaccinators.
So they said that some of the names that were released are vaccinators.
It's like, well, that does make sense for a start.
And the second thing is these are names that you can get from basically any search that you can do on Google It's not health information either Yeah, it's like you Google this is just in New Zealand you get a list a whole list of them Anybody could have put that list together anybody could have done that
So it's like, well, what are you trying to say?
It's like, I released a list of publicly available names.
Yeah, and the thing is, that's just a description.
That's just a discredit me.
And that's not what the charge is all about anyway.
That is a side issue and all the data.
And Chris Luxon, the Prime Minister, admitted himself under an official Information Act request, which is a procedure that we go through to ask the government to release information.

[SPEAKER_01]
He already said

[SPEAKER_04]
He already said, yes, he already said that nothing personal, personally identifiable was on it and he couldn't find any names.
And there are no telephone numbers or email addresses or bank account details or anything like that in the data.
And so, they're just scrambling at this stage.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, so anyway, my offer to, if the New Zealand folks are listening to this, since you won't talk to me, my offer is, hey, I'm happy to take, you want my information taken down clearly because you hired this Australian law firm to try to bully my hosting provider into
doing what you want, even though you have no jurisdiction over me or my hosting provider.
But I said, hey, I'm happy to voluntarily take down the data if
Tehwata Aura would publish a complete time series cohort analysis on all the data so that we don't have to run into these very stupid hand-waving arguments like, oh, you didn't know all the data, you know.
Which is complete bullshit because the data that you leak is more than enough
to completely trash the narrative.
And, you know, I've talked to epidemiologists in New Zealand privately and they say, yeah, you're right, but we can't say anything because if we come out in support of you, we will find ourselves out of a job and there are very few jobs for epidemiologists in New Zealand.
And so therefore, we're all fear and intimidation.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, there's been quite a few jobs for epidemiologists in the last few years.
I think there's been a big upswing in that job description.
I never knew what an epidemiologist was until a couple of years ago.
It's just crazy.
or my carditis, never heard of it, pericarditis, never heard of that either.
Of course, it's too rare.

[SPEAKER_01]
But now it's like, it's everywhere.
It's too rare.
Of course it is.
Before the vaccines are too rare.
So has anyone reached out to you from your former employer saying, Barry,
Totally support what you're doing.
Don't say anything.
I don't want to lose my job at the health authority, but you're doing the right thing.
Thank you for doing what you're doing.
I wish I had the courage that you did.

[SPEAKER_04]
There would be a huge risk from a huge downside for them to do that.
I would imagine it would not look well.
But the team I worked with, I loved the team I was in.
I loved my job.
I had nothing against the people or all the people at the ministry were great people, never met a bad one.
They are decent people, but they were just compliant and they just went along with whatever they were told.

[SPEAKER_01]
So have you been in touch with them?

[SPEAKER_04]
No, no.
I did reach out to them.
My team leader was a beautiful human being.
And she had my back the whole time.
She knew my stance.
We'd go down for coffee.
We'd have conversations about it.
We saw this pandemic unfold before anyone else did.
We just used to sit next to each other.
And we'd be looking at it coming from China back in early 2020.
It's like, oh, no.
And we're looking at all the spread across the world.
And we talked about that for hours and said, well, this is going to be a thing.
And so I had a very, very good relationship with her.
And all the time, she always had my back about my vaccination status.
And she knew my opinions, but it never affected our work relationship, although the job that I did, I was chosen as the project that I did to help build the system based on my
my not having any malice or anything towards vaccines you know I wasn't seen as an anti-vaxxer I had my opinions but
So does everyone else.
So I wasn't, you know, oh, you can't work on this because of your stance or your status.
It's like, I'm happy for you to be vaccinated if you want to be.
I've got nothing against that.

[SPEAKER_01]
But your boss is still working at Taiwan?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, she is.
I hope so.
I hope so because, you know, I did reach out to her.
She said she's OK. And that's all.
She unfriended me on LinkedIn because I think there's a lot of fear out there.
There are a lot of people who are scared.
And I can understand why.
Well, you know, she unlinked to me.
And, um, yeah, we had some great conversations.
She, she said, um, because they wanted to know everyone's back status at one stage at T fatta aura.
You've got to pronounce it.
W H is by the way, F it's T fatta aura.
Um, anyway, health, New Zealand, it's going to be serious.
Yeah.
That's just the pronunciation.
But, um, so what?
What?

[SPEAKER_01]
I never knew that.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
What was I saying?
Um, so she said, um, the, the back status thing, right?
Okay.
Everyone, they wanted to know what my back status was.
And every time an email came out asking for that, she just used to say, I'll just tell them to piss off.
It's none of their business.
Tell them it's a private health record matter and it's nothing to do with them.
So I did.
And
and they sent two or three emails asking everyone their back status and so I never responded to any of them and they sort of just let that slide.
They never questioned it anymore and I think the job I had was probably too important for them to actually make a big issue of it and mandate me out or whatever.
There were no mandates, I know a floor actually come to think of it, which is
That is so wrong.
11,000 vaccination mandate exemptions were given out to health staff.
And yet people who said, I don't want to take it, were forced to get it to keep their jobs in New Zealand.
And that, to me, stinks of hypocrisy.
It absolutely sucks.

[SPEAKER_01]
So you have not talked to your former boss since you were hired?

[SPEAKER_04]
No.
But there is another.
Another weird thing, some guy I worked with on the system that I helped build, you actually wrote the code for it.
He's a super, super smart guy.
Probably nearly as clever as you, Steve.
And he's an awesome, awesome guy, but he's completely on our side.
He knows, he knew all along what it was.
And he wrote the fucking thing.
So it's like, okay,
But I get it, you know, and he's, um, he's a lovely guy, but he's on our side, but he can't say anything because, you know, his job is career.
I can understand that.

[SPEAKER_01]
He's at the health authority right now.

[SPEAKER_04]
He's a subcontractor.

[SPEAKER_01]
Didn't you just out him?

[SPEAKER_04]
No.
He sent me a hundred notes, said no.
You did the right thing.

[SPEAKER_01]
So you got one piece of support from that?
Yes.
One person had the courage.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
And there are a few in the ministry.
Some of the guys who started developing health issues, and you probably have this in all work areas, if you work for a big department or a big company, you'll see this happening unfold.
And suddenly people get weird health issues that were never heard of a few years ago.
And one guy that was also on the project, yeah, he started having health issues.
And it was like,
He's a Filipino guy, a lovely guy.
And it was like, dude, do you think it's related to the vaccine?
He said, oh, it might be.
It might be.
But he still wasn't going to do anything about it.
And there's so many people like that.
And that's why the data shows.
And you know this yourself, does one, does two, does three.
It goes down exponentially.
And I think now, by the end of it, we were up to dose five.
Only 500 people got it at the time that this came out compared to the hundreds of thousands that got dose one and dose two.
Probably in the millions who got the first doses down to 500.
That shows that people know.
People do know in their hearts that what it is, but they're just too scared to admit it.

[SPEAKER_01]
So Margie Appa, she's the CEO of Tay Fattu.

[SPEAKER_04]
You're talking about that or you're... No, no, I'm dead serious.
Yeah, that's how a lot of the words in New Zealand are pronounced.
If there's a WH, it's a FF.

[SPEAKER_01]
Wow.
All right.
So Margie Appa, how much time did you spend with Margie after
You leaked the data, just probably called you into her office and said, hey, so Barry, let's have a discussion.
Like, why can't you do this?
Huh?

[SPEAKER_04]
I was surprisingly little because when I released it, I sent an email, the same email I sent to the MPs, I sent to the executive leadership team at Tofato Aura.
And then it was like the ship just hit the fan.
I was like, I was working from home at the time.
I basically shut the computer down and I was getting texts, we need to talk from our team leader, bless her heart.
She sent a few texts like that and I was like, oh my God, do I reply to her?
And I just decided I wasn't going to pull it through that hardship.
And she was the only one that tried to reach out for me.
The next day, I was getting bailiffs turned around with like court documents, injunctions, that sort of, that didn't make any sense.
They were like the size of telephone books and I was reading through them.
I was like, that's not me.
This isn't me on this document.
And it doesn't relate to anything that doesn't make any sense.
It was just, I think what they were trying to do was establish where I was at the time.
This was on Saturday.
So like the next day they could then go to the police and say, he's definitely living there.
That's his address.
That's his home address.
And then they raided it.

[SPEAKER_01]
So you never had any conversations with Andrew Slater or Margie Appa or anybody else in the management team.

[SPEAKER_04]
I'm sure I will in court one day and I'm looking forward to it.
I hope that they provide their best experts to be witnesses to this trial.
Yeah, I can't wait to hear the experts talk about this data.
Yeah, you're an idiot.
Why did you do that?
Oh, you're so wrong.
And we'll prove it.
So we can then cross examine that.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, I'm looking forward to it.
You know, because people say I'm wrong, but I get to find someone who can show me how I'm wrong.
So maybe I'll learn how I got it wrong.
But it seems pretty, it seems pretty incriminating when
You're in seasonality, and seasonality shows that the deaths are declining for everybody, but if you got the shot,
Your deaths are going the other way.
Your mortality rate.
I mean, that's really hard for anybody to explain.
And Janine Painter, who is one of these, I forget what her title is.
She's not an epidemiologist.
She's a vaccine expert at the University of Auckland.
And so we get into a conversation on Twitter and she's telling me, oh, well, you know, you have to look at the comorbidities of these people and blah, blah, blah.
And I'm going like, you know, she's just complete bullshit.
She doesn't know what she's talking about.
So I let her go on.
And then I wrote right back, I said, you know, Janine, you know, this is, you know, hand-waving arguments, your arguments make no sense, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
And then she, then I get the Twitter message saying you can no longer communicate with this person.
You were blocked.

[SPEAKER_04]
Awesome.
Yeah, that's how science works, right?
This is an open and honest debate.

[SPEAKER_01]
Absolutely.
Yeah.
These people, you know, I recently found out from, uh, from someone who's, um, in a position to know, like I've been trying to have all these debates with people.
And so I talked to this person who said, who basically tells me, Hey, they don't want to debate you because you don't want to lose.
It was so nice to actually get.
absolute confirmation from this guy saying, yeah, the real reason is this, they'll never tell you that.
You know, this is what I've always suspected, but it's nice that I have actually gotten an admission from someone.

[SPEAKER_04]
Even though you've got the millions of dollars on the table, just to turn up to debate you.
And I saw that on the diet, suddenly documentary, it's like, wow, this guy, he really means it.
And no one, nobody has, nobody will.
And that says everything.
That says everything.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
So your lawyer says that this is a slam dunk.
There's no chance you're going to lose.

[SPEAKER_04]
He's pretty confident.
And I like that about him.
He's a very confident guy.
And he knows the justice system inside out.
He's a barrister.
He stands up and called regularly.
So he's, yeah, I've got absolute faith in him.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_01]
He's a good guy.
And where can people go to make a contribution to your defense?

[SPEAKER_04]
You can go to the New Zealand Loyal website if you can, if you really want to, if you must do that.
Because Liz Gunn, she's been so staunch, and without her none of this, none of this would have happened.
She's been absolutely amazing.
And she's also broke, honestly.
She's, yeah.
Unfortunately, she's the New Zealand Loyal
You just Google New Zealand Loyal.
I think it's NZLoyal.org or free NZ media.
And they've got a Rumble channel as well.
So if you just go to NZLoyal.org.NZ, maybe I'm guessing, but NZ Loyal anyway, there will be a donate page on that.
And you don't have to say it's for my defense or anything like that.
If you feel that this party, this political party that she founded is worth a dime, please, please don't add to her.
She really needs it.
I don't want to see any money.
I don't need any money.
I can't do that because as part of their case, they can say, oh, well, you've got to benefit out of it.
So I can't accept anything else.
Yeah, you've got to benefit in this.

[SPEAKER_01]
Then you could raise money for your defense when we don't want to charge you.

[SPEAKER_04]
I know, but you never know what they come out with.
You never know what they're going to say.
Oh, you, you have a donations website.

[SPEAKER_01]
Did you think about that when you stole the data?
Guilty.
Yeah.
That was it.
That was it.
You did it.
You did this so that you can raise money for your defense.
I got it.
That was the benefit.

[SPEAKER_04]
I do want to avoid all that sort of stuff.
I'm just living hand to mouth day to day and
Surprisingly, I'm living quite well.
I'm, you know, all the stuff, fruits and stuff from the garden and whatnot.
So I'm not spending much money, which is good.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yes.
And how are we doing with Liz?
And no good, no good, huh?

[SPEAKER_08]
No, she's able to talk to us and show up, but she can't hear us.
So it's impossible to have a conversation if she can hear what we're asking her or saying.

[SPEAKER_01]
Okay, so, so Barry, you're unemployed now, right?

[SPEAKER_04]
I am.
And it would be interesting to see what my future holds once this court case is over.

[SPEAKER_01]
So you wouldn't mind taking a job remotely as an Oracle DBA, right?

[SPEAKER_04]
I wouldn't mind at all.
And maybe there's some good employers out there who think, oh, the guy who was honest and did absolutely the right thing for 20 years as an Oracle DBA and 30 years old or probably in IT as a developer on IBM mainframes and using programming languages like Cobble and using DB2.
This guy who never put a foot wrong, who worked in Swiss banks, and banks all over Europe, in Scotland, UK, in Germany.
Impeccable record, Kent New Zealand, same deal, worked at the highest levels, protected the banks there, the BNZ, the Bank of New Zealand for over 10 years.
Never let any data out.
All of a sudden he's done this.
Maybe we'll give him a shot, because his heart is in the right place.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
So if someone wanted to hire you, what's the best way for them to contact you on your Twitter?

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, yeah, not LinkedIn, because suddenly I've disappeared from that as well.
Really?

[SPEAKER_01]
They took you off of LinkedIn?

[SPEAKER_04]
They've done it very cleverly, because I was on LinkedIn, and I was happy to be on LinkedIn.
It was great.
But then when I moved to another device, I need my Gmail account to log in to verify it.
And because my Gmail was suspended, my Google mail, I'm now unpersoned, so I can't access my Gmail.
Wait, wait, wait.
Google suspended you?
Yep.

[SPEAKER_01]
This happened after.
Tell me about that.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, after that.
Tell us about that.
It's like really quick afterwards.
Like I tried to log in to my Gmail because, you know, I get a lot of emails to do with like banks, pen bills, all those, you know, there's just a regular stuff that you use email for.
I tried to use it and it's like this account is suspended.

[SPEAKER_01]
I was like, okay.
They suspended your account?
Yeah, Gmail, yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
So I'm not bothered.
No, no, no, that's that happened like the next day.

[SPEAKER_01]
So wait, wait a minute, the next day after what?

[SPEAKER_04]
After I released the data after I came out.

[SPEAKER_01]
After you released the data, but before you're arrested?

[SPEAKER_04]
Probably about the same time, actually.
Yeah.
I think maybe like within seconds of being arrested, my account was just gone, gone.

[SPEAKER_01]
Wow.

[SPEAKER_04]
And so that means LinkedIn doesn't work for me, unfortunately.
And yeah, so probably hit me up on Twitter or something like that.
But where till the court case is over?

[SPEAKER_08]
I want to ask you, Barry, before you released the data, what was your thought process like?
Did you go through like the worst case scenario and did you know what was going to happen?
What was it like for you emotionally to do this?

[SPEAKER_04]
I couldn't imagine what was going to happen, honestly.
It was just, yeah, it was gone from
like a regular job without being behind a desk and a computer for my whole life and didn't have any social media presence to be like and I was like I was happy with that I was looking forward to a nice quiet retirement I'm just a regular normal humble guy I'm not bothered about having followers and stuff like that and then this came out and I knew I had to do it it was like
There was no choice.
I'd lived through it enough.
And it was like, I've said it before, I'll say it again.
It was tougher to look at the data than to do something about it.
Tougher to look than to leap.
So I had to make the jump.
No other option.
And Liz and Steve helped so much with that.
And it was like, it came down to a point.
It was like a ticking time bomb.
It was like a countdown was just gone.
And it was like,
It was a bit of adrenaline there.
It was like the day that I sent the letters and all that to the MPs and whatnot, and then click it up.

[SPEAKER_01]
Did any of them ever get back to you?

[SPEAKER_04]
No, not the MPs, no, no.
Not a single one?
By the lawyers they did, yeah.
No, well, that was the Winston Peters thing yesterday.
They were all under a pact of silence, a code of silence.
It's like the mafia, a murder.
And so yeah, I didn't hear back from anyone and that mouse click was like the thing that was like a pressing the button for the nuclear bomb.
It was just crazy.
And once I did that was like I've done it.
I think we bug it off for a while after that.

[SPEAKER_01]
So I'll tell you, I'm really impressed that Google, they have a terms of service that says they can cancel your email account for any reason whatsoever.
So if they don't like you, they can cancel you.

[SPEAKER_04]
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
I'm being unpersoned.

[SPEAKER_01]
Wow.
Do you think that New Zealand reached out to Google and said cancel this guy's account?

[SPEAKER_04]
I've got no idea.
Probably, yeah, yeah, probably the health or police or some organization anyway.
And yeah, I mean, that is amazing.
That is incredible power to do that, because Google is supposed to be like a private company.
And they're not even the American company, right?
So the jurisdiction doesn't apply to them.
But for a government of a foreign country to say, cancel this guy's account, and then they just go ahead and do it.
All right.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
Well, they did.

[SPEAKER_04]
2019, they stopped the do no evil.
They lost the tagline.
Yeah.
And 2019.
Yeah.
Amazing.

[SPEAKER_01]
Just before they should have changed it to.
I was okay.

[SPEAKER_04]
It's a third by default, right?
If you say you suddenly stop, don't be evil.
It's like, hmm.
All right.
Does that mean you can be evil now?
And yeah, I just can't.

[SPEAKER_01]
It's not against their values.

[SPEAKER_04]
terms of service.
Yeah, you can be evil.
But if I try not to be evil, I do the right thing by trying to save lives, then I get suspended.

[SPEAKER_01]
I'd love to talk to some Google employees to ask them what they think of this.

[SPEAKER_08]
There's some good ones.
Well, speaking of saving lives, I want to bring on Nurse Angela in place of Liz, but I want to I know she's got a lot of questions for you, Barry.
Welcome, Angela.
Thank you for coming on VSRF Live tonight.
How are you?

[SPEAKER_05]
Thank you.
So good to see you, Steve.
And so great to see you, Barry.
First, I just want to thank you so much.
With our organization, thanks to Steve, we take care of thousands of vaccine injured.
And it's been the hardest thing that I've ever done.
Having had the vaccine almost kill me, and then seeing some of the most complicated cases of vaccine injured, you really are a true hero.
Oh, thank you.
We think about you every day.
We pray for you.
We just send you so much love.
And we're just so grateful that there's a man in this world that did what you did.
So you mean the world to us.
And I've seen some of your interviews, and I don't know if everybody has seen them, but you're not just the man behind the data.
This information really ate at you.
And there was one interview, and we couldn't find it.
I don't know if it's gone.
you were in tears, you know.

[SPEAKER_04]
Many times.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, you knew that potentially you could have been facing seven years of prison.
And I think I remember you saying something like, you know, if I don't release this, I would be living in prison by not doing it because I couldn't live with myself having to sleep every night, knowing that people are being injured and killed and not speaking up.
Tell us a little bit about that.
That just must have been such a huge weight on your

[SPEAKER_04]
I played on my conscience.
I'm just a normal, regular guy.
I've always said that I'm not...
I didn't do anything heroic before this.
And heroes, to me, true heroes are the guys that fought in wars and stuff like that and died for their friends and whatnot.
There's some amazing stories out there.
I just decided not to be a coward.
That's all it was.
And it's like, if bad things are done when men are coward, cowardice allows, it's an enabler.
It will allow governments to get away with turning.
And so I just didn't want to be a coward.
So I came out.
And if I can do it, anybody can do it.
And if anyone out there knows something or they just say, I've had enough, this is wrong, then yeah, do it.
Because the downside is that if we let the people get away with it, they'll just keep on doing it.
And Snowden said, if you're reporting a crime,
and treat as a criminal.
You're being ruled by criminals for reporting a crime.
So we have to end this.
We need some accountability here.
And I'm sure all the MPs, I'm sure there's some good people and maybe they are cowards as well.
Maybe they're just thinking, I've got to protect my career.
I'll just go along with what I'm told.
You don't work like that in a democracy.
you are answerable to the people, and so if the people want answers, if they come out on the grounds of parliament for weeks in a hurricane, by the way, and pour and rain, and then they turn the sprinklers on them and treat them like absolute garbage and call them a river of filth.
If you do that to your own people, you are not representing the people, and you need to be held accountable for that.
And that's one thing that Winston Peters came out yesterday and said that.
That was wrong.
You've never seen it in the whole history of Parliament since 1854.
This has never happened like this before.
So something changed and we need to revert back to the meme.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, that's been the hardest thing I think for me to witness in medicine because I worked for a very large prominent hospital for 17 years out of my 24 years career as a nurse.
One of the things that we took a lot of pride in was telling the truth.
And in my career I've trained, I don't even know how many, you know, dozens of new nursing students.
And one of the first things that I would teach them is you always tell the truth and you always speak up.
And if something goes wrong, doesn't matter how bad it is, doesn't matter what the consequence is, you always do the right thing and you always tell the truth because in the end that's what people deserve.
You know, we are caregivers, we're providers.
And that's what the public deserves.
And seeing all of these doctors at these hospitals, UCSF, Stanford, here in California in the Bay Area that know about these injuries, they're taking care of us.
And they're seeing it.
I mean, in the hospital where I worked, we had four people, four or five, just in our one department who went down, who were needing emergency care.
One needed a cardiac surgery.
It just blows my mind that these doctors aren't coming forward and saying, hey, we see something.
We're having issues.
And we do have one brave doctor at our hospital, Dr. Jan Meisel, who also was injured, who is taking part in a lawsuit with me suing the hospital system here in California.
But I just hope and pray that there is more of you, Barry, because it's what we need.
We need people to come forward and share what they're seeing.
And just speak out, because that's what you do in medicine.
When you see something that's wrong, you talk about it.
And that's how we do it.

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, that's what we used to do in medicine.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
All right.
But taking oath, the Hippocratic oath, first do no harm, number one, and then do good.
And the doctors, if they get into being a doctor, they, in their heart, they must want to save lives.
They must want to help people.
And if they're not, if they deliberately turn a blind eye, they complicit in this and they need to be held to account.
And that's just so sad for them to do that.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, at least you get to sleep every night in peace, very knowing that you did the right thing.
And you're just admired by so many people.
And it reminds me of a story, probably one of the hardest things that happened to me in medicine.
was I, very early on in my career, I moved high up and I was in an advanced practice role where I was testing these really high risk pregnant patients.
And I had a patient come in and the baby did not look good on the monitor and I was doing some ultrasounds and it looked horrible.
And so I immediately called for an emergency C-section.
I admitted the patient where I got anesthesia ready.
went, you know, got everybody gathered back to go to the operating room.
And this doctor came in and he said, you don't have any authority to admit this patient.
And I said, well, you know, I'm a charge nurse.
I'm trying to help you out.
This baby needs to come out now.
It's not looking good.
And he was so put off by the fact that I did that that he went and did his own ultrasound and he said, Angela, everything looks good.
He's he unadmitted the patient.
He called off the surgery and
I fought it and I worked my way up and I went up the chain of command and I'm ultimately I lost and this doctor and I gave up and I and doctor sent the patient home and 24 hours later the woman came back and she had a dead baby inside of her.
And I have to live with that and I wish at the time like I had to sleep with that every night.

[SPEAKER_04]
Do you know what my story isn't as dramatic as that but I do have
some experience of it when I was working on the system for the ministry I was in a shopping mall near where I live and I had a vaccination center there and they just opened it up for everyone to go and there was a young child she's five or six behind a plant in the mall area outside the vaccination center she was in tears she said I don't want to get by
I don't want to get my vaccine.
And I've said to a sweetheart, you don't have to.
It's your choice.
It's your choice.
The parent was nowhere to be seen.
The nurse was a cajolina, trying to get her to come in to get the job.
She's only five or six years old.
So I couldn't do anything for her then, but by God, we'll do something for her now.

[SPEAKER_05]
or you are, Barry, you're one of the most brave men.
You had everything to lose.
You had nothing to gain from this.
And picking the right person to get it out there and share it, it's really admirable what you're doing.

[SPEAKER_04]
we're humans so you know this thing is a bad thing so I don't think people don't realize how lucky we are to be to have this thing called life it is a beautiful thing it's an amazing amazing experience and you know we're dead for four and a half billion years before we came on this planet that's how old it is the universe itself is 15 billion years give attack so that's a long time to be dead and then once we're gone
We're gone for eternity.
That's it.
You know, unless you believe that you're gonna come back as reincarnated or whatever.
And you know, hopefully we do, you know, but we can't, there's no definitive proof of that.
So we gotta make most of this one life that we have and by God to waste it like that just breaks my heart.
And for guys to like set themselves on fire outside the embassies and stuff like that,
and wars, so I'm totally, you know, I think all life is precious.
We get one chance, so we've got to make the most of it and live our best lives.
And I do get emotional, so that's just who I am.

[SPEAKER_05]
part of you, Barry, that's why you did this.
You did this because you have the best heart and the sweetest heart and the most caring and loving heart.
And you care about, you know, when you were looking at that data, you weren't looking at numbers.
You were looking at human beings.
You were looking at life.
And that meant something to you.
It wasn't just the number that was popping up.
You were thinking about these families and their children or their people.

[SPEAKER_04]
I know.
I know.
When you see that, like I mentioned before, a story on Twitter.
This person, this poor woman who has very few followers and stuff, she just replied to a tweet saying the same thing happened to my 23 year old son, he's now dead, just days after the vaccine.
And then we had the guy, one of the guys who is a media personality, saying that's bullshit.
It's like, you don't know what you're doing to say that to people, but it's a cruel, heartless thing to say.
Yeah.
Just to tweet out.
And it's like, you know, these people deserve to be heard.
And that's why I'm prepared to go to jail for them.
Yeah.
Because they don't have no voice.
But thanks to Steve and Liz, they do have a voice.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, if you go to jail, Barry, we'll come and sleep outside that jail cell with you.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thank you.
I think I'll be fine.

[SPEAKER_05]
I know you're going to be fine.
Doing the right thing is always the right thing to do in the end.
And so you and Steve, looking back hundreds and hundreds of years from now when we're all gone, the two of you will go down in history as being some of the bravest men in this world.
And someday there'll be textbooks written about the two of you.
I have no doubt whatsoever.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, I think, thank you.
We're living through history now and there will be pages, chapters of history written about what the events which are unfolding now.
And it's just incredible.
So the thing is, you can't take anything with you.
We can't take our money with you.
pens or whatever.
All our possessions, once we've gone, we just leave them behind.
But what we do leave behind is a legacy.
And that's the most important thing.
You can't take things with you, but you can leave things behind, your legacy.
It's how you will be remembered.
And so I honestly think we should live our best lives and joy as much as we can out of this, because it is amazing.

[SPEAKER_05]
And set examples for other people and our children, and that's what we have to do.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yes.
Well, I have lots of questions lined up or a few if you don't mind taking some from the audience.
And again, I want to remind everyone if you have questions for Steve, Barry or Angela, put them in the chat, question all caps and we will try to get to your question.
I'm going to start with this first one from Paul DTN.
Barry, what is public opinion in New Zealand like about your situation?

[SPEAKER_04]
Good question.
We all exist in echo chambers.
I know that when, through social media, we all preach to the choir.
And the choir that I'm part of is a very big choir.
It's a very beautiful choir, very loving choir.
So the people I deal with are great people, and neighbors as well, all the neighbors who I live next to are the all great people, wonderful people.
I've never met someone, a real person, who's had any beef with me so far.
They're all good people.
But I have seen a few trolls.
We do get trolled.
And I know Steve gets trolled.
Sean Plunker, he's probably the chief troll of New Zealand.
He gets trolled back and it's like the universe, okay, here's the thing.
If you're kind, if you're a decent person, if you're nice to people who are rude to you, I think that will come back to you.
It's like if you put negativity and hate out there, you will get it back.
people would just see it and just reflect on it.
I think the universe is like a mirror.
So whatever you put out there, you will get back.
So I think if I try and live a life where I'm as nice as I can be,
most of the time, because you know, you can be an ass sometimes.
I've got a temper, you know, it comes with the emotion.
But I think if I try to be a good person, then the universe will be good to me.
And the trolls, every troll I've dealt with us, I try and say something nice back to them.
And that's just how I am.

[SPEAKER_05]
That's amazing, because I find that really hard to do.
I started off that way and I

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, I'm new to this game.
So ask me again in a year.
I'll be like, oh, fuck.
It's very addictive.

[SPEAKER_05]
It's really hard when you've been doing this for so long.
I mean, Steve, when Steve started this, he thought within two weeks, he was telling his wife, Michelle, like,
I've looked at the data.
I've looked at various.
This is horrific.
It's going to be done.
And they thought their lives were going to be back to normal within two weeks.
Here we are.

[SPEAKER_04]
That's the lie.
We were all told two weeks to flatten the curve.
It's been a hell of a two weeks.

[SPEAKER_08]
I think so.
Question from welcome the eagle and others.
Why didn't you release the lot numbers?
He did.
He did.
He did release and that's what I thought.

[SPEAKER_04]
But yeah, there is a slight obfuscation or transition between the lot numbers.
We call them batch IDs on the paper.
No system.
My system and the fires of batch numbers.
And this is critical data as well.
We need to know what those FISA batch numbers were because that relates to a wider thing worldwide, find my batch.
And I think in Google, they've actually banned those searches.
If you type in FISA batch numbers in Google, you don't get a valid response.
They've memory hold those words.
And we need new Google.
So I can't wait for someone like Elon Musk or Steve to come up with a new search engine.
That actually works.

[SPEAKER_01]
I've actually done that before.

[SPEAKER_04]
Good luck, you know, because we need it.
We so need it.
And I think Google is actually suffering because I'm not using Google much anymore, um, not compared to what I used to.

[SPEAKER_01]
So we do need certainly not using any Gmail.

[SPEAKER_04]
I'm not starting another account.
So Proton Mail, that's it.
So we need to know what those batch numbers are, those actual FISA batch numbers, because that will reveal a lot more from this data.
And there's a lot of questions that, you know, we want to know are some of batches worse than others?
And I think there's a lot of data coming out to suggest that.
Some people are saying there are
There's no real quality control on what actually goes in there.
Some of them have got 30 times more of one thing than another, and it's like, it's all up in the air.
And if you even look at how these vaccines are meant to be stored, you enter that search into Google's storage of the vaccine, you get 100 different answers from 100 different countries, also in different things.
Two weeks at such a temperature, one week, 10 days, it's all over the place.
so that if the governments themselves don't know how to control and store this product, and it's an untested and tried product, then who the hell knows what's going on with the batches?
If you store them in a garage for three weeks in the sun and then go inject an old people's home and they all die within a year, maybe that's a question that should be asked.

[SPEAKER_08]
It would be a very good question that should be asked.

[SPEAKER_04]
And yeah, there's data that suggests that stuff like that is going on, that the batches aren't being properly looked after, or the vials or the containers or the deep freeze storage things not being done properly.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, they don't want to ask the tough questions, which that's an easy one.
From go tell it on a mountain question for Barry.
What is happening now in New Zealand with mandates?

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, the mandate stopped shortly after the Freedom Village protests stopped two years ago, almost two years ago to the day.
Jacinda Ardern came out and said, oh, we're going to stop the mandates.
But it's not going to do the people that were camped out on the lawn of parliament.
She said that.
But I guarantee you that it was.
Because someone would have had a word with her and said, you've got to end this, otherwise it will escalate.
So she did.
I knew what happened two years ago with a police that just went in rampage, set tents on fire and stuff like that.
It was brutal.
It was a peaceful village of people, community, and the atmosphere was really nice.
There was no animosity or violence or anything like that.
Not what I saw, not what anyone I talked to saw.
And they made documentaries about it.
And probably the same thing in Canada as well.
Those people were good, honest, hardworking people.
The truckers in Canada, and they were in the ice and snow.
They were freezing.
Yeah, for people like Trudeau to say, oh, they were a fringe minority and crap like that.
They're just ordinary people.
And so the mandates are ended.
Are they going to try and reimpose them?
Let's hope not.
Let's hope never again.
And I think if they do try it, there will be a much harder pushback next time.
Oh, yeah.
There are more of us now than ever before.

[SPEAKER_05]
One thing I was wondering, Barry, because we've never talked about this, is actually, Livio and I traveled with Steve along with Hillary to MIT when Steve released the data.
And I was concerned and worried for you.
And I kept thinking, why doesn't Barry just get out of the country before Steve does this?
Because we really didn't know what was going on.
And I'm sure you were given that option, like get out and release the data.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, I can't now the cops came and took my passport.
So that's an option that's gone.
But yeah, I mean, the people said, oh, you've got to hide or you've got to go.
And it's like, well,
I'm not going to run from this.
I'm going to face it.
It came and felt my collar.
It was pretty rough for a couple of days.
I went to prison.
It was hard.
It was super hard.
But actually in the prison and the guards and that were all great.
The prisoners thought the world of me.
I was like a celebrity as soon as I walked in there.
It's like you just feel a vibe going through.
It's like, it's him, it's him, it's him.
And it's all.
If I do go back, I don't think I'm going to be treated like a child rapist or anything like that.
I think I'll get a pretty cushy number.
And if that's what New Zealand wants, if the people of the jury of New Zealand, if they say, yeah, send them to prison, then I'll be happy to do it.
Won't be nice, but if that's their decision, then so be it.

[SPEAKER_01]
What's the size of the jury pool?

[SPEAKER_04]
The jury pool?
I don't know.
I think it's... No, no.

[SPEAKER_01]
It's different.

[SPEAKER_04]
It is 12 cents, USA, but I get to reject two or three of them for no reason.
Then after that, I've got to decide a negotiation thing.
But I think it's a lot more straightforward than it is in America.
And hopefully we get some decent ones.

[SPEAKER_05]
And when they arrested you, Barry, what was it like?
I mean, did they ram sack your house?
They busted through doors.
And then when you went to the driveway, what I heard was that you were surrounded, like you were some mass murderer.

[SPEAKER_04]
Swarmed.
Yeah, it was like the scene in Silence of the Lambs when the FBI busted Hannibal Lecter's house, or Buffalo Bill, you know, that when they went to the wrong house, it was like that.
Eight armed cops.

[SPEAKER_01]
And, um, yeah, it was like, it seems surreal that it wasn't really happening.

[SPEAKER_04]
It was.
I was like, um, I just came from the shop.
So they were already there.
Um, so I came up to the driveway and I was like, okay, that's weird.
There's, there's cars and people everywhere.
I mean, they were not, not very nice.
No, it was like, I think back in the, um, the briefing room, the, what I said, this guy is like the worst person you're ever going to meet.
You've got to take him down and take him down hard.
And so they turned up armed and handcuffed.
I was like behind my back for edges, sitting in the car.
And they had them on super tight as well.
But it's like, for a computer crime, I've never been in trouble with the low B4 in my life.
It's like, well, that was a bit...
much, wasn't it?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, man.

[SPEAKER_05]
You're just surrendering yourself.
You could have been in a different country.

[SPEAKER_01]
You could have... Yeah, I mean, they say, hey, hands over your head, you know, feet apart, spread them, all that stuff.

[SPEAKER_04]
Just two or three of them, like, just surrounded me and like...

[SPEAKER_01]
It wasn't like a cordial conversation like, hey, hey, hey.

[SPEAKER_04]
No, no, no, no.
The first thing they did was cuff me.
No, it wasn't nice at all.
It was not nice.
Wow.
It was like I just disembodied someone.
It was literally the FBI raid and silence of alarms going down.
Yeah, it wasn't a nice experience.

[SPEAKER_01]
Was there like a knock on your door or what was the first thing?

[SPEAKER_04]
The first thing I knew about was I'd been down to the shopping mall to buy some stuff.
I came back.
came into the driveway and saw cops not cops just cars because they were unmarked and I thought that's that's funny I thought my son must have some people around or something garage door was open I thought that was a bit weird and then I just pulled in at the drive and the next thing I knew was like just loads of them around the car and I thought

[SPEAKER_02]
It's the cops.

[SPEAKER_04]
So I locked the door.
I panicked.
It was like freaking out.
And I thought they were going to smash the window in my car.
And I just texted my partner.
And I just said, the cops are here.
And I luckily just managed to get that out before they opened the door and dragged me out and handcuffed me.
And the phone I actually used was something I'd just bought that day.
It had nothing on it.
And they couldn't believe it because I'd gotten rid of all the other stuff.
So they couldn't get anything on the phone.
I know I'm very happy about that.
But I do need a lot of stuff for them to look at.
And they probably not going to look at it.
No, no.
So did they search your client site?

[SPEAKER_01]
Did they search your entire house and seize all your computers?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Like everything they could get their hands on.
And they didn't give me a list either of what they've taken.
They didn't give me a list of what they took?
Is that illegal?

[SPEAKER_01]
I don't think I've got one.
Wow.
So they just like take any stuff that they may think has data on it.
Yeah.
Evidence.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Interesting.
You know, misinformation spreaders, spreaders such as myself, always have to be careful to always keep your data in at least four places.

[SPEAKER_04]
Right.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
Well, at least two of them.

[SPEAKER_04]
The data is already out.
And, you know, to be honest with you, um, I did leave it for them to find because you know what, guys, you look like you found the data there.
It's like, this is the government data.
You're not going to deny it's the government data.
Now are you?
Because it's there.
It's your data.
So, yeah.
So it's pretty, it's pretty undeniable evidence then, isn't it?
That this is actual government data and that it is being analyzed and it is shown that it is killing people.
So where's the argument then?
So I'm trying to release data that shows the vaccine is a killer and they're not looking at it.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, it's like everybody should be all the epidemiologists in the world should be looking at this data and saying it shows it's it saves lives or it
If there's not enough information, it's too confounded.
We don't have enough information or it's killing people.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
So what they're doing is saying, look here, don't look here.
Say, ignore what he's trying to say about, you know, why he did all this, but focus on, oh, look, he's got government data.
He's a murderer.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly.
And, you know, it's...

[SPEAKER_01]
They seem to have more discussing the issue at all.
Right.

[SPEAKER_04]
It's the people of New Zealand's data.
It's their data that belongs to them.

[SPEAKER_08]
I have a question from C Marie Kiwi.
Are court gag orders not a thing in New Zealand?
I'm surprised you've been able to speak openly about your case.

[SPEAKER_04]
Maybe they gather an evidence as we speak.
Yeah, so, yeah, I wasn't, that wasn't part of the bail conditions.
I haven't got a passport.
I can't travel overseas.
I've got to reside at this current address.
And, yeah, it was pretty relaxed, really.
And I can't go to any government building either.
So I think there's only three of them.
So I can't go back to my workplace and harass anyone there.
So I can't approach any of my former workmates or employees.
But apart from that, nothing.
The only other thing was the Employment Relations Act.
And they've got injunction sent.
I can't talk about it, but they haven't done anything.
And what am I going to talk about?
A bunch of statistics.
It's not actually mentioning anyone's names.

[SPEAKER_01]
So Margie Appa hasn't invited you over to her home.
Has she?

[SPEAKER_04]
No.
I don't think I'm going to be on the Christmas card list anytime soon.
Oh my gosh.

[SPEAKER_08]
I'm going to finish on this question, which is for all of us from Jerry Aladolo.
How would you compare and contrast the worldviews of those who continue supporting the global crime spree and those who fight like hell to stop it?
Who first?

[SPEAKER_05]
I would say one's on the right side of history and one's on the wrong side of history.
And I want to be on the right side of history.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_01]
Good answer.

[SPEAKER_04]
Great answer.
Yeah.
And I think one day there's going to be more of us than there are of them.
And their numbers are getting smaller.

[SPEAKER_01]
Their numbers are getting smaller.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
Our side's growing.
Truth will set you free.

[SPEAKER_05]
All we need is transparency.
I mean, I, I'm, I'm open to people talking about that these vaccines are saving people's lives.
I'm, I'm open to that, but let all the government agencies just release all the data so that we can actually get it.

[SPEAKER_01]
Never happened in history.

[SPEAKER_05]
Meaningful conversation because we can get to the bottom of it really fast.
We wouldn't have to be doing all these things.

[SPEAKER_01]
Right.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yep.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yep.
But isn't it, isn't it amazing that no, no government in the history of the world,
has ever released the public health data with respect to vaccines.

[SPEAKER_08]
Nope.

[SPEAKER_04]
That is amazing.
And it could be, you know.

[SPEAKER_01]
Barry, you're the only one who's helped.
I just cut through the red tape.

[SPEAKER_04]
I cut through the red tape.
And it is anonymized.
There's nothing identifiable on there.
So why wouldn't they want to do that if it shows that it's so ineffective?

[SPEAKER_05]
they should do that to prove it.
I mean, there's nothing more than what I would love is to find out that this actually did help people because some of my own family members got vaccinated.
I'm terrified for them.
And I would love, love for this vaccine to be safe and effective and love to know that it's not going to harm people in the future or that there was just this select few of us like myself that almost died from it.
I would love that case.
Cause you know, I know Steve's been double vaccinated and
You know, I don't want any of these people to be further harmed.
So I would love for them to do all of these studies and prove that we're wrong.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.
That's a great point, Angela, because you see people like what the real truth are, and they make people sound like we're awful means.
It's like, I actually want these to work.
I want these to help people.
My sons got it.
So many of my friends, most of the people I know, got the vaccine.
I want them to be healthy.
I want them to live a good life.

[SPEAKER_05]
I want to be able to trust medicine again in the future.
I mean, like when Steve got ill last week, it's like, I mean, I had a really hard time telling Steve, like, Steve, I want to bring you home right now and I want to get you into the hospital right now.
It's like, here I am telling this person that I care deeply for that I want you to go to the hospital.
I even called the hospital.
What's your wait time?
And I'm thinking like, here I am sending Steve to the hospital and I'm terrified for him and I wanted to bring him home because
I wanted to be there by his side to be an advocate because I don't trust the medical system anymore.
And I want, we need to be able to trust the medical system.
We need medicine.
We need emergency services.
We need surgeries.
We have, you know, we need to deal with cancer patients, strokes, all that.
We need good medicine and we need honest medicine.
And so we need to bring back the trust in medicine.
And we can't live in this fear that, gosh, nobody's telling the truth or things are not transparent.
We need to have that faith back in our medical system.

[SPEAKER_08]
Amen.
Well, Barry, it's been such an honor and pleasure to have you on tonight.
Thank you.
And we are going to have Twitter spaces after, so I believe you're going to be able to join us.
Is that correct?
Yeah, just give me a chance.
I'll go get a coffee.
Yeah, you get a little break.
And maybe we can get Liz to join Twitter Spaces.
If that works for her, at least maybe we can get her over there to join Barry and Steve and you over on Twitter Spaces.

[SPEAKER_05]
And the other thing too, I did talk to them behind the scenes while we were trying to get Liz getting things working.
And we will definitely, if she can't join us for Twitter Spaces because she is traveling, we will bring her back.
because she has a story in and of itself.
She has her own story and I would love to have her back.
We can sort out the technical issues and just bring her back to tell her perspective and get her side of the story and what went down for her because she also had to hide.
This was rough for her.
This was not something easy that she did.
So we will either talk to her on Twitter Spaces or we'll bring her back.

[SPEAKER_08]
Great.
That's a great idea.
Let's do that.
Let's bring her back on another show.
Well, Barry, thank you.
Take a little break and then we'll see you on, um, on spaces.
Alrighty.

[SPEAKER_05]
Thank you so much, Barry.
Thank you.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_04]
Beautiful people.
It was my pleasure.

[SPEAKER_05]
Love you so much and appreciate you.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_08]
Thank you.
Wow.
Uh, what a hero.
Just willing to put everything his whole life on the line, Steve.
Um, yeah, Angela is incredible.
So I want everybody to hang in there because we're going to bring on Amanda Damian to tell us about next week.
We've got a bunch of events coming up.
Hi, Amanda.
How are you?

[SPEAKER_00]
Hi, Livio.
Can you hear me?

[SPEAKER_08]
Yes, loud and clear.

[SPEAKER_00]
Awesome.
Hi, everybody.
We have a very exciting week next week.
We've been putting on the final touches for our COVID litigation conference.
It's finally here.
It is going to take place on Thursday and Friday next week.
I was just checking our registration numbers and they're growing fast.
And so I'm super excited about that.
We're bringing lawyers in from all over the place.
And it always is exciting to see where people are coming from.
I pay attention to those things.
And last time we had people from Australia and Alaska join our events.
So I'm excited to see where they're all coming from this year.
at the COVID litigation conference.
You know, Steve will be speaking and I want everybody to know if you're not a lawyer and you think maybe I've been fired.
Do I have a case?
I don't even know who to call.
This is where you can come and find that information.
This isn't just for lawyers.
It is geared towards lawyers.
But we have a lot of people that come that are not lawyers, and they're just wanting to get in the know about the cases and what's going on.
So if you're out there and you're thinking about freshening up on your what's going on in the legal space, definitely join us.
And then as we transition out of the COVID litigation conference, we're going to be transitioning to the replatform conference.
This is our brand new conference that's coming up.
Think of the parallel economy.
Everybody you see on the screen is coming from different sectors of the business world.
We're really tasked to create a new environment, a place where we can thrive and we can do business.
We don't have to follow the world culture.
We don't have to do the DEI.
If you have a business and you're trying to figure out, how do I do banking?
How do I do HR?
How do I
grow my business outside of the corporate, you know, world culture.
This is why we've created this conference.
It's for you.
So we invite you to come.
Another exciting thing is that during the re-platform conference on Saturday night, if you watch the show you saw a few weeks ago, Mickey Willis came on.
He's going to be premiering his pandemic, the musical film.
And I was just with him on the highway earlier today.
We're super excited.
Livio, I shared a trailer with you.
Do you want to play that for the audience?

[SPEAKER_08]
Oh yeah, I certainly do.
It's awesome.
Here it comes.

[SPEAKER_10]
Great awakening Come on, breathe it in It's the moment we've been praying for Like trees Roots woven underground Growing so strong No stone will ever break us down I see search and treasure
for this moment.
Stand strong together.
We're standing anywhere.
We remember who we are.
We'll light this symphony.
We'll be without it.
It's not the choice.

[SPEAKER_00]
it.

[SPEAKER_08]
I can't wait to see that.

[SPEAKER_00]
You know, Mickey had something really unique to say today.
And I thought, you know, it really resonated with me is for like three years now, I feel like they've taken away our spark, they've taken away our joy.
And it's just been living in this like, you know, dystopian place.
And this
Um, allowed people to get their creativity back and remind people that we need to enjoy our life.
We need to get out there and experience things.
We can't hide inside and, and keep closed up like they want us to be.
So I, I think this will bring a lot of people joy.
Tickets are still available for this event.
Um, I encourage you to go to pandemic series.com COVID litigation.com and the replatform Vegas.com.
All of those places, you can get to all of our tickets.
The movie premiere starts with a meet and greet on Saturday night at 5.45.
The film will screen at 7.
And there is going to be an after party with music from Deepak and Jimmy Levy afterwards.
So I'm very excited about that.
One last thing.
I can't do these events alone.
You guys all know I'm vaccine-gen injured myself.
Angela has to travel with me everywhere I go to make sure I've got these in my arm.
Keep me alive, basically.
So if you're out there and you're in Vegas or you're in California, you can drive to Vegas, I am in need of volunteers.
Please send us a note in the chat if you can help volunteer at this event.
Janet is in the chat now.
You can reach her at Janet.
or you can send us a note in the chat.
Reach out to us.
I love somehow.
If you can give us a few hours, we'll give you a ticket for the rest of the weekend to join us.
But please, if you're available.
Come help.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_05]
Amanda, did you notice too that Robert Barnes joined the panel as well?

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, I just, you're right.
I saw that text.
So late breaking news on the COVID litigation front.
He is joining us, going to be a speaker for the COVID litigation conference, Robert Barnes, big name.

[SPEAKER_08]
Awesome.

[SPEAKER_00]
Awesome to have him here.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.
He gave a great presentation last year.

[SPEAKER_00]
Oh yeah.
He did great.
Tricia did great.
I mean, these people are very, very big speakers.
in the movement and really inspire other lawyers that may just be getting into this new field.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, and stick around for the end because we're going to share a piece of Trisha's presentation from Atlanta last year.
And she's going to be, again, a speaker in Las Vegas, actually a keynote speaker this year.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, people will get a little
you know, taste of what last year was like, I just remember so many of the presentations.
I was so grateful to actually be in there and gather all these people to get up on stage because we were literally sitting on our seats just in awe.
I remember when, you know, Trisha spoke and
Dr. Malone, all these, like you just didn't even want to leave to take a bathroom break or go get water because these presentations were just amazing, amazing.
So I can't wait to see, we've made so much progress too.
In just the short amount of time, the cases that have gone through and the wins that we've had have been huge.
And so I can't wait for them to share all of their knowledge and their wins.
And we're all traveling,
in a couple of weeks as well to Washington for the Missouri versus Biden case, which will be exciting to see.
So yeah, it's just, it's really, I think what we started with CLC one will also go down in history because we are making that change.
It's like, we've known and Steve has realized that we can't win by just telling the truth.
We actually have to go to court because they don't care.
They don't care when we,
We've had meetings with the FDA, the CDC, emails back and forth with the NIH.
They know all of it.
They know every single thing.
And so if they won't take that serious, the only way that we can do this is through litigation, and that's why
We came up with CLC-1, and that's why we're doing it again.

[SPEAKER_08]
And there's some cases winning.
I know Disney's up against the wall now.
There's some people they fired for not getting the vaccines.
And it looks like the victims might win that case.
So yeah, we're making progress.
All right, before we end tonight, I also want to thank you all out there that show up every week that participate in the chat.
And we really appreciate you just being part of our family here and also
I just want to, again, if you can donate anything you can do to help, if you're enjoying the programming, your donations help us do the work we do.
So thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
And just go to vaxafety.org slash donate and whatever mat you can give is appreciated.
And then if not, you can't, that's fine too.
We love having you here.
Any, uh, any parting words, Steve, from tonight's conversation?
You're muted.

[SPEAKER_01]
All right, fix that.
Um, no, it was great to, uh, get more, more insight as to what happened in New Zealand.
Nothing I heard tonight surprised me.

[SPEAKER_05]
The Gmail, the Gmail surprised you.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yes.
Yeah.
The Gmail did surprise me.
And LinkedIn just.
Yeah.
Well, no, but LinkedIn, he said it was cause he couldn't log in with his Gmail.
Right.
But it's like, man, Google can pull the plug.
on your email address like that.

[SPEAKER_05]
Make sure to store your important emails on another site.

[SPEAKER_08]
That's a matter of what country you're in.
You can be deleted.
And Steve, you're going to be in Las Vegas next week as well, I'm assuming.
Yeah, that's what they tell me.
All right, good.

[SPEAKER_05]
He just listens.
He goes where we tell him to go.

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, I will see you there next week.
We will be broadcasting live from Las Vegas.
So I'll be there and I might be able to give us a live look in if I can sort things out.
So I believe it might actually be Trisha who's on stage while we're live.
So to give you a little preview, I'm going to play the last 10 minutes of her speech last year in Atlanta.
Angela, thank you for coming on tonight.
Have a great evening.

[SPEAKER_05]
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_08]
I'll see you in Vegas and Amanda.
I know you got your work cut out for you.
So yeah, I'll see you next week in person.
And Steve, I'll see you in person next week as well.
Absolutely.
Great.
Have a great evening, everyone.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_09]
All right.
So what are these rights?
The right to vote, worship, assemble to privacy, bodily autonomy, do process.
Free from discrimination, parental rights that are being taken away, left, right, and center to protest, speak, travel, remain silent, to be secure.
In the past three years, how many of these rights have been eroded even temporarily, taken away?
Every single one of them.
Every single one of them, just about.
And we have just sat back for the most part and allowed it.
And we have pretty much given over these rights to these bureaucratic dictators, these oligarchs and demagogues that are trying to decide every aspect of our lives down to the right to life.
They are literally deciding who gets to live and who gets to die.
Think about it.
It is that deep.
Someone said to me last night, but this is America.
Do you think this is really going to happen?
I said it is happening.
It is happening.
And we have to be very clear about that.
And we have to be very willing to accept that that is exactly what is happening.
It is a dangerous new law when government to ensure the success of any agenda and any political view that they have, that they want to push forward, right?
That they will derail our rights and attack and destroy our constitution.
It is a whole, it is a new law.
So can the Constitution actually be destroyed?
Well, the Constitution is a very interesting document because it gives provisions, right?
It gives provisions on how, so you have certain amendments in the Constitution, but then there are certain loopholes in other amendments whereby you lose rights to those, to other amendments.
And so the Constitution in Article 5 provides the provisions by which the Constitution can be amended.
And this is how it can be amended.
It is not that difficult, ladies and gentlemen.
It is not that difficult.
And so we may think that we have these rights that are just going to be there and just going to be given to us and allowed.
But over the past three years, we've seen how far our government will go.
to push their agenda and to push their selfish goals that harm us.
And it doesn't matter who we are.
It doesn't matter.
This has become a human problem.
They try to use race and socioeconomic status and political views and all these differences that divide us while we are more alike than anything else.
We are 99.9% the same.
very, we're less than 0.1% different.
And so they flood our, the social media, they flood our televisions, spending Googogs of money to keep us distracted, to keep us divided, to keep us separated.
Don't fall for it.
Don't fall for it.
It's too important.
So what does this mean?
Keep pushing with your cases, as my colleagues have said.
Come up with novel ideas.
Challenge them.
There is a statute that I was speaking to Miss Rachel yesterday about.
You fought, what is it?
18 USC 241, conspiracy against rights.
We need to hold these agencies and legislators a liable, criminally and civilly for what they're doing because if you're conspiring,
to deny United States citizens of any right, you can be held liable under statutes that are written by our federal government.
And the fines are not at our $10,000 up to the penalty of death if that conspiracy has caused anybody to lose their life.
We need to show them that we mean business.
And so I know it's mine.
I have to stop.
But what does this mean?
We just need to keep pushing.
There are, I've had a number of lawsuits.
I'm in the middle of some now.
Some employees that I've represented, I didn't even make it to court because I wrote a letter of appeal that was more like a motion because it was about seven, eight pages.
So the employer's kind of backed up.
I'm now suing the attorney general because she decided to use abuse, her position of authority to threaten a group of an organization that had a rally that spoke out against COVID and because she didn't share their political viewpoints, she decided to attack them and threaten them and defame the whole organization.
They lost the right to assemble and then she used her power to threaten them with civil rights violations.
And I sent her a very nice letter letting her know that she had now violated the same civil rights provisions that she quoted.
And for each person that she violated, there was a serious dollar amount attached to every head, and there was about 3,000 to 5,000 people in the room.
So that case is now pending.
And they just asked for an extension so that they can figure out how to write this motion to dismiss.
Good luck, because her paper was sent to the media, so I don't know how they're going to get out of that.
Right?
Some cases I've won, some cases I've lost.
I brought a case which was early on in the game against the city of New York when Mayor de Blasio was still in after when they issued their vaccine mandates, forcing New Yorkers to walk around with slave, I mean, I'm sorry, vaccine cards.
right, which were interestingly enough created the technology behind these vaccine cards was created by IBM, which happened to be the same company who helped in the Holocaust to create the cards so that they would be able to track down the Jews.
This stuff, does it sound familiar, ladies and gentlemen?
It is the same thing that we're dealing with, same script, different cast.
Same thing that we're dealing with, and so we have to keep moving and we have to keep going.
That case was brought, separation of powers, arbitrary and capricious.
The unconstitutional conditions doctrine, abuse of, went on, preemption, but the judge after an hour and a half of an oral argument literally looked at me and said,
Attorney Lindsey, I know, you know, I understand what you're saying, but I'm just going to have to because the city decided to pull the mandate a week before oral arguments after asking for extensions in order to respond.
He now said it was moot and he was going to dismiss it with our prejudice so that I can bring it again at a later date if necessary.
I said, Your Honor, that doesn't make sense because the same mandate, unless it has changed, it's still the same thing that's gonna be brought forward and it's a waste of time and we just need you to declare it as arbitrary and capricious.
And he pretty much said, I can't.
That's pretty much what he was saying, because you know that he was answering to someone else.
So we just need to keep pushing, right?
Who will protect the lone rangers?
We will.
We seem like lone rangers and there are lone rangers out there, like the very courageous number of people that have come doctors.
nurses, parents, students that are standing up against this tyranny.
They are the Lone Rangers.
We, most of us in this room, are solo practitioners.
I am as well.
But if we stand together, we will not be alone.
One thing I know about the Lone Rangers is that he never lost, correct?
He always defeated.
And one thing to take this, anyone in this room who doesn't understand that this is more of a spiritual battle than anything else, you are clearly misinformed.
Because that is exactly what we're up against.
We are up against evil.
We are up against tyranny.
And David, when he stood against Goliath, the reason why he was able to defeat him is not because of size.
He couldn't even wear the armor that Saul was giving him.
But he knew whose authority he stood under.
And he knew that when he went against them, he said, I come.
Who are these uncircumcised Philistines that they should stand against the living God?
And he said, I come to you.
in this authority.
So when we enter the courts, when we go before the judges, when we deal with these oppressors and these evil people, know whose authority you stand under.
Know who's sending you.
Know the army that you have behind you.
Understand that.
Isaiah 59, 14 to 21, our courts oppose the righteous and justice is nowhere to be found.
Truth stumbles in the streets and honesty has been outlawed.
Yes, truth is gone and anyone who renounces evil is attacked.
The Lord looked and was displeased to find there was no justice.
He was amazed to see that no one intervened to help the oppressed.
So he himself stepped in to save them with his strong arm and his justice sustained him.
He put on righteousness as his body armor and placed the helmet of salvation on his head.
He clothed himself with a robe of vengeance and wrapped himself in a cloak of divine passion.
He will repay his enemies for their evil deeds.
His fury will fall on his foes.
He will pay them back even to the ends of the earth.
In the West, people will respect the name of the Lord.
In the East, they will glorify him.
For he will like a raging flood, tide driven by the breath of the Lord.
The Redeemer will come to Jerusalem to buy back those in Israel who have turned from their sins, says the Lord.
and this is my covenant with them says the Lord my spirit will not leave them and neither will these words I have given you they will be on your lips and on the lips of your children and your children's children forever I the Lord have spoken speak
Stand.
Know whose authority you all come in under.
Trust that God has us.
He has told us to pursue because when we pursue under his direction in his orders, we will win.
We are the armies of the living God.
We are clothed with his righteousness in his glory.
And when we walk in, we are coming under his authority.
Thank you.
