[SPEAKER_05]
Rise up from the ashes Rise up from the flames See through the lies that feed the fires that we creed Come out from the shadows Come out in plain sight Nothing deludes it's time to move into the light
Together we will rise Together we will rise Together we will rise
Can't wait any longer, it's our time Yeah, it's our time Together we will rise Together we will rise Together we will rise Can't wait any longer, it's our time Yeah, it's our time
of our sons and daughters.
It's a war we're going to lose if we divide ourselves apart.
It's time to rip the veil that covers everything.
The talking heads that want to make us blind.
And when we strike back, shoot love into the sky.
We can't deny it, we'll fight it No more hiding anymore Our story, we'll write it, we'll lose it We can't keep quiet anymore Together we will rise Together we will rise Together we will rise Can't wait any longer It's our time, yeah It's our time Together we will rise
Yeah, but we will rise Yeah, wait any longer It's our time, yeah, it's our time
Together we will rise Together we will rise Together we will rise Together we will rise Together we will rise Together we will rise

[SPEAKER_02]
Tonight, on VSRF Live, we're joined by famous physician Dr. William Mackis.
He'll discuss the growing and undeniable body of evidence that turbo cancers are real and affecting vast numbers of people around the world, most of whom have been COVID-19 vaccinated.

[SPEAKER_01]
Turbo cancer is affecting all ages.
That's another thing I want to clarify is that this is affecting all ages across the board.
It doesn't discriminate.
So if you're 60, 70, 80, you'll come down with turbo cancer just as equally.
But where it's becoming very, very obvious to an oncologist like myself and to radiologists, my radiologist colleagues, for example, who are seeing this on the scans and they're saying, oh my God, what are these tumors?
I've never seen something like this.
It's in young people, the stage four tumors in young people, in large numbers.
You're supposed to see a couple in your career, and yet there's hundreds, thousands of these cases.

[SPEAKER_02]
Good evening and welcome to another special episode of VSRF Live.
I'm your host, Livio Sanchez.
Beaturing tonight, we're going to have renowned Dr. William Mackis.
Dr. Mackis is a Canadian physician with a wealth of experience and insights into the world of radiology, immunology, and oncology.
Tonight, we'll delve into his expertise and discuss the rapid rise in cancers, turbo cancers, treatments, and more.
Before we bring on Dr. Maccas, though, I'd like to take a moment to honor and pay respect to an incredible doctor, Dr. Jim Meehan, and send our sincere condolences to his family.
Dr. Meehan passed away this week after fighting a courageous battle with cancer.
He was an outstanding physician, a dedicated advocate for medical freedom, and a friend to many in our community.
His contributions to the field of functional medicine and his unwavering commitment to his family, friends, and patients will always be remembered.
Our thoughts and prayers are with his wife and his children during this difficult time.
I'm going to play a little tribute that the high wire produced last week.
I understand.
I just saw in the chat that they produce another one today, but I'm going to share the one that they put on last week.

[SPEAKER_00]
Who's ready to hear from Dr. Jim Meehan MD?

[SPEAKER_07]
He is absolutely unapologetic about standing up for medical freedom and he's here with you today.
Jim Meehan!
This is Jim Meehan, Dr. Jim Meehan filling in for the one, the only, the man, the myth, the legend, Del Bigtree.
I'm a medical doctor.
I treat anything under the sun.

[SPEAKER_06]
I just try to prevent disease instead of just profiting from the end stages.

[SPEAKER_07]
My superpower is to read the medical literature.
I'm a former medical editor.
I've spent years reading and discerning fiction from facts.
We are one of the worst countries of all developed countries for childhood death in the first five years.
The worst infant mortality on the planet.
We have an explosion of chronic diseases in our children.
Ladies and gentlemen, if you vaccinate your children, you are going to create infertility, blood clots, transverse myelitis, more complications than we have ever seen.
We have seen more complications from this vaccine than any and all of the vaccines in 31 years of history.
I've seen so many vaccine injured children swept under the rug, denied by pediatricians and doctors.
Make no mistake, a huge portion of the children being diagnosed with autism have suffered
a vaccine-induced brain injury.
In my opinion, Bill and Melinda Gates are creating a market for vaccines by building trials that are designed to fail, and you can't sue the manufacturers, you can't sue the doctor that provides it, and now OSHA won't even protect you if your employer forces you to get it.
This is the slippery slope towards totalitarianism.
I will not bow to that science.
I will not bow to a tyrannical government.
I will not submit.
I will not kneel before a public health agency that long ago gave up.
It's time to wake up and understand what's going on.
It's not about
science, it's about control.
I pray that all of you will be blessed and protected and be educated to the point that you'll just rise up and resist what you have to protect your children, to protect your freedoms, and to protect our future.

[SPEAKER_02]
His medical bills have added up and his wife is seeking help.
If you are so inclined to help the family, Janet will post the Gives and Go page in the chat.
And again, our condolences go out to Dr. Mian and his family.
And now, without further ado, I'd like to bring on the founder of VSRF,
Mr. Steve Kersh.
Hello, Steve.
How are you this evening?
I live here.
Good to be here.
Great to have you.
I wanted to acknowledge that last week we received a ton of feedback and a lot of comments from last week's episode.
And I want to start off by saying I know firsthand what an astounding humanitarian
And with a big heart, you actually have, Steve, and all the way back from Defeat the Mandates, where you brought so many people together from all walks of life, from different religions, political backgrounds, everything.
But we did receive a lot of feedback about last week's show when we were trying to discuss the existence of viruses.
And I wanted to just get your take on last week's episode.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, I wanted to apologize to people.
I behaved very poorly.
I acknowledge it.
There's no excuse for it.
And I will endeavor to not ever let that happen again.

[SPEAKER_02]
I know how passionate you are about everything you do.
So I know it came from a good place.
Um, so that, you know, and, and I think we've been discussing, uh, as a team, having a part two with experts and actual debate.
And I know we're in the works and trying to do that where we will actually bring your team of experts and Dr. Kaufman's teams of experts or team of experts and, and bring some data and have it moderated and do a proper debate about it.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, and to facilitate that, I spent many hours putting together a set of issues that I think are relevant to determine to get to the truth.
And if Dr. Kaufman is telling the truth, then I think it'll be evident.
And if the virologists are telling the truth, I think it'll be evident as well.
So I posted that up on my sub-stack, and I did that after the
after last week's episode because it basically covers the questions that I didn't get a chance to ask that I think are the most important ones and I regret not being able to get to those.
But it's out there and I'm giving Dr. Kaufman
plenty of time to review those questions and answer them in a document, and then we can then take those two documents, the questions and the answers, and I think that would form a nice basis for discussion because we can then go through
the issues that we can probably skip over, the issues that we agree vehemently on and just focus on the things where there's disagreement.
And I think that'll make the conversation much more productive.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, that would be great.
I mean, we're all on the same team here fighting for our health and medical freedom.
And I think there's more of this mandate and vaccine nonsense coming down the pike somewhere.
So we need as many of us working together as possible going forward.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right.
And the sooner that we get to the truth of this, the better.
And so I'm hopeful that Dr. Kaufman will take a look at those, answer the questions, get them out for public to review.
And then we can have another episode to take the next step.

[SPEAKER_02]
Excellent.
Excellent.
Thanks, Steve.
And I was going to share some news articles, but I want to just go ahead and jump into our guest because he's patiently waiting.
So maybe we'll jump into some of the new stuff later in the show and include Dr. Mackis.
So without further ado, welcome to VSRF Live, Dr. Mackis.
How are you this evening?
Thank you very much for having me.
I want to read your bio before I leave you and Steve to it so our audience can get to know you a little bit.
Dr. Makis is a remarkable Canadian physician with an undergraduate degree in immunology from University of Toronto, a medical degree from McGill University, and a five-year medical specialization degree in nuclear medicine, radiology, and oncology.
Dr. Madcus worked for Alberta Health Services at Cross Cancer Institute as the head of the medical isotope cancer treatment program and also as an assistant professor in the Department of Radiology at the University of Alberta.
Dr. Madcus has authored over 100 peer-reviewed medical publications.
We are so grateful to have you here with us this evening.
And before I leave, I want to share my screen on a tweet that was put out by Andrew Bridgen.
Let's see if I can get this going.
Here it comes.
Andrew Bridgen says, it is truly shocking that the Lancet would censor a scientific paper in 2023 that has now been peer reviewed and will be published, a paper that arguably could be prevented or could have prevented significant injury and death.
Can you give us a follow up on what the tweet is about?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yes, so there's a big scandal last year about this paper that we had put forward with Dr. Peter McCullough, myself, a number of other authors.
And it was a paper that was the review of the largest autopsy series of COVID vaccinated individuals who had died suddenly or unexpectedly.
And it was very extensively downloaded, over 100,000 downloads within 24 hours.
And then inexplicably, the Lancet took it down from its pre-print server
really didn't give any kind of a proper explanation why and essentially rejected the paper and sort of cancelled the peer review process.
And so we've been resubmitting it.
And I just found out a couple of days ago that it has passed peer review and it has been accepted for publication.
Oh, that's great news.

[SPEAKER_03]
Can you say which journal?

[SPEAKER_01]
Not yet, no.
But I hope to have a million dollar question.
I hope to have an update soon.

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, I'm going to leave you to it.
I'll be back for Q&A a little later.

[SPEAKER_03]
Great.
So, hey, let's start off with what's going on in your life because you used to be a doctor and you used to be in private practice and things changed when you started speaking out.
So maybe you can tell people, Connie, the quick history, what were you doing before?
What happened to open your eyes where you
had your eyes been open before this and you went into it.
So what was in 2020, were you believing what they were telling you?
Did you believe in the vaccine?
Did you take the vaccine?
And did you start speaking out and what caused you to do that?
And then what happened?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, I gotta tell you, Steve, I was actually very fortunate in that I was red-pilled to corruption in the Canadian healthcare system a few years before COVID-19 hit.
So I had a very successful cancer program.
You know, we had
We were treating end-stage cancer patients with targeted radionuclide therapy.
These were mostly neuroendocrine cancer patients, but that had failed chemo and failed all other treatments.
I had a referral center from all of Canada.
They would send me those patients that effectively they would send them home to die or they would send them to my cancer program.
We would use an experimental treatment that had been developed in Europe that FDA actually sat on for almost 20 years before approving the first one just a few years ago.
And we would cure about 85 to 90% of these cancer patients that had been sent home to die.
And unfortunately, my cancer program was sabotaged in 2016.
About two years later, Justin Trudeau showed up with a $10 million check in Vancouver, British Columbia.
that he handed over to the vice president of research of BC Cancer Agency and another $300 million of federal money to rebuild my cancer program in Vancouver.
And so I had no idea about the politics at the time.
And I didn't know that Justin Trudeau liberals were getting into pharmaceuticals in a big way.
As soon as Justin Trudeau was elected, they were just
pouring money into pharmaceuticals and were effectively monopolizing certain types of treatments, especially in what they call precision medicine or personalized cancer treatments.

[SPEAKER_03]
And how many patients were you treating?
I mean, what were the volumes like?

[SPEAKER_01]
It wasn't a high volume.
I had about 200 patients directly under my care.
And so we were treating approximately 200 patients at the time.

[SPEAKER_03]
So is that, but they're under your care for a certain amount of time and then dropped off.
So are you saying that at any given point in time that you were caring for 200 patients and someone dropped off?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yes.
So we had a few patients that would progress.
Some patients were sort of on their initial cycles where they would be getting the radiation treatments more frequently and somewhere on what we called maintenance cycles where they would come in once every six months, get a maintenance dose.
And so, you know, they'd be on the treatment for several years, but the treatments were very affordable.
They were actually paid for by Health Canada.
It was under a phase two clinical trial.
And it was completely sabotaged.
And it's effectively being rebuilt in Vancouver under the control of the liberal government.
And of course, the provincial government of British Columbia is very favorable to Justin Trudeau liberals as opposed to the conservative government in Alberta.
And so when 2020 hit, I was embroiled in legal action.
But as soon as I heard about the vaccine being basically a lipid nanoparticle and an mRNA,
Those were huge red flags for me because I was familiar a little bit with lipid nanoparticles in oncology that they had been experimented with in oncology and I was particularly familiar with when they were loading up lipid nanoparticles with chemotherapy, for example, and they were trying it in small
small numbers of patients and found that it was quite toxic.
The chemo was being dumped all over the place.
It wasn't being delivered where they wanted the chemotherapy delivered.
I really didn't know almost anything about the mRNA technology other than, again, that it had been experimented perhaps in oncology as well, but not successfully.
And that was enough for me to say, absolutely not.
I'm not going to experiment with this.
Steve, I was given experimental treatments.
to end-stage cancer patients.
And these were very safe.
There were no short-term side effects.
There were no known long-term side effects.
And yet, we went through a very extensive and rigorous informed consent process with our patients.
It was under a phase two clinical trial.
I never imagined taking an experimental product as a healthy young individual.

[SPEAKER_03]
So it's fair to say that you weren't rushing to get vaccinated with COVID vaccines, we'll put in quotes.

[SPEAKER_01]
As soon as I knew what the technology was, I told my wife, we're not participating in this experiment.
I explained it to her, and that was it.
We have no vaccines, no PCR tests, nothing, none of that.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, so she didn't argue with you about it.

[UNKNOWN]
No.

[SPEAKER_03]
Okay.
So, and the 200 patients then, is this essentially 200 unique individuals over the time of your practice?

[SPEAKER_01]
Approximately, yes.

[SPEAKER_03]
And that's over what?

[SPEAKER_01]
It was about a three-year period.
You know, I had come to Edmonton, Alberta to run this cancer program in 2013.
By 2016, it was sabotaged a few months after Justin Trudeau was elected.
That was not in the plans when I sold my house in a different province in Manitoba and came to Alberta to specifically run that cancer program, but that's the road that life took.
And in a way, I'm very happy that it did because I'm honest, Canadian doctors have taken
the vaccines like 99.9% of them have taken the vaccines.
And I don't know if I would have been able to resist either the peer pressure or whether I would have known enough to avoid the vaccine when the rollout came because the pressure on Canadian doctors was very, very severe to take the vaccines.

[SPEAKER_03]
So what happened?
you're no longer in your practice or you've been, uh, you know, by your, by, yeah, you're retired.
Uh, so explain the circumstances of your retirement and, and start at the beginning, were you speaking out like what, what are the things that happened on your end and on their end that led to your early, we'll call it the early, your early retirement.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, I had filed a $13 million.

[SPEAKER_03]
You're doing great work, by the way, in your retirement, I must say.
I think they regret retiring you.
I think they would have been better served had they not forced you into retirement because I think you're doing a lot more damage to them in your retirement than you ever were as a physician.

[SPEAKER_01]
Absolutely.
I totally agree with you there.
I had filed a $13 million lawsuit for breach of contract and the sabotage of my cancer program.
And at some point, I was offered a money offer.
There was a money offer put on the table to settle the lawsuit.
I refused.
Within six business hours, the college of physicians and surgeons had launched a bogus investigation, basically took my license hostage and insisted that I sign, that I basically take the money deal and sign a nondisclosure agreement.
There was quite an extensive nondisclosure agreement attached to the money offer.
And I refused.

[SPEAKER_03]
Who is the money offer from?

[SPEAKER_01]
Alberta Health Services.
So that is the largest provider, healthcare provider in Canada and the only healthcare provider in the province of Alberta.

[SPEAKER_03]
So it's basically take our money or we're going to destroy your career.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, exactly.
Now, they didn't do that very often before COVID-19.
Of course, since COVID-19, we've seen all the doctors that have spoken up against the COVID propaganda or the vaccines or the masks and so on be persecuted by the colleges.
But it was very uncommon before the COVID-19 pandemic for them to go after a doctor and try to destroy his career in this manner.

[SPEAKER_03]
Now, is this the Alberta College?

[SPEAKER_01]
It's Alberta Health Services, and yes, it's the Alberta College that worked together to effectively take my license hostage.
And the reason they would do that is very simple.
They said, we're going to destroy you financially.
And if I cannot work anywhere else in Canada, I cannot fund a lawsuit.
If I can't fund a lawsuit, then basically they're going to force me into bankruptcy.
At that point, I sign whatever they want.
I've managed to, however, avoid bankruptcy and avoid complete financial destruction.
And here I am speaking out and saying whatever I want, publishing whatever I want, writing about whatever I want.
And like I said, they're probably very upset that they don't have the leverage of the license, the medical license or hospital privileges or a job to hold over my head.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, they don't like that at all.
So would they consent to debate you?
Like, what do they want you to do?
They want you to be silent?
What is their goal?
What is their demand for you?
They want you to do what?

[SPEAKER_01]
Ultimately, the goal would be to get me to sign something, some kind of a nondisclosure where I would stop talking about Alberta Health Services or the college and simply leave the province, preferably leave Canada because
You know, they damaged my reputation and my license in such a way that I don't think I could get a license anywhere else in Canada.
And to be honest, Steve, the colleges across Canada are almost the same.
They behave in the same manner.
That's why you see Dr. Charles Hoff sabotaged in British Columbia.
You see, you know, Dr. Kalvindra Kaur or Dr. Mark Trozzi or Chris Schumacher sabotaged in Ontario.
It's the same across the board, the behavior of the colleges.

[SPEAKER_03]
So what, and what were you doing in terms of speaking out that really pissed them off?

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, I was initially, so I joined Twitter in 2018 and I was simply speaking out about the sabotage of my cancer program and the corruption of the college and Alberta Health Services.
Now this is before the pandemic.
And so in 2019, they take me to court with an emergency injunction application, and they basically ask the judge to effectively muzzle me to suspend my charter rights to freedom of expression.
And the judge threw that out.
And so I was actually busy with...
Yeah, a very rare victory as a self-represented litigant against a $23 billion corporation.
But that was my life in 2020 and that was it and plus my garden.
I have got a big garden in the backyard.
I grow strawberries and raspberries and so on.
So the pandemic for me was a non-issue.
I thought it was something that was gonna blow over.
I had no interest in the vaccines.
I wasn't afraid of the pandemic at all because I'd seen the data on case fatality rate.
It was like significantly less than 1% for individuals that were not at risk groups, like people over the age of 70, people in long-term care home settings and so on.
So to me, I effectively tried to ignore the pandemic in 2020.
Once I realized in 2021, and I ignored the vaccine rollout as well for the first two doses, because we weren't going to participate.
And I thought it was absolutely insane that people were lining up for these shots in the parking lots of Shoppers Drug Mart and Canadian Superstore and Walmart and Costco.
And I thought, what the hell is going on?
How is it possible that so many young, healthy people are lining up for an experimental
vaccine.
But again, in my naiveness, I thought, well, you know, they'll give the two doses and they'll leave us alone.
And once, it really, for me, Israel was the turning point.
When I saw, you know, they roll out the boosters, then they become the number one country in the world for infections.
Then they're talking about the second booster.
They hadn't even rolled out the first booster in the United States and Canada.
They start talking about vaccines in children.
That's when I started speaking out and I thought, okay, this is insane.
Like there's a completely different agenda here.

[SPEAKER_03]
When you started speaking out about the vaccine, did the retribution get worse or did it pretty much remain the same?

[SPEAKER_01]
It was very steady.
It didn't really get worse.
But at that point, they'd already taken my license, taken my hospital privileges, taken my job.
There really wasn't much that they could threaten me with.
That's the difference between me and other Canadian doctors that were still in the system because the Canadian doctors that are being persecuted right now and have been for the last three years, they had something to lose.
There was leverage over them.
And so they would get lawyers and the lawyers will tell them, hey, you know, if you want a chance to keep your license, keep your mouth shut, stop posting on Twitter and so on.

[SPEAKER_03]
So have you ever challenged anyone in Canada to debate you on the issues of the COVID vaccine?

[SPEAKER_01]
Absolutely.
I've challenged doctors.
We have a law professor here who's the expert on misinformation and disinformation.
He's received several million dollars from the Trudeau government, Mr. Timothy Caulfield.
He's won the Order of Canada for his work in combating misinformation.
So I've challenged him to a debate and they have no interest in debating.
But I would honestly, no matter what they've said about me, no matter what the insults or smears have been, anti-vaxxer, grifter and so on, I'm always happy to debate.
I would be more than happy to debate.

[SPEAKER_03]
So has Tim ever reached out to you and have you ever talked to Tim?

[SPEAKER_01]
No, so, you know, we had a little bit of a back and forth on Twitter, I think, early on, and then he just blocked me.
He didn't want to have any kind of discussion at all.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, so how do they expect to stop the misinformation?
They expect to stop the misinformation through censorship.
It seems like this is the only way because they can't win a debate, so they'll never have a debate.
So they have to rely on censorship, right?

[SPEAKER_01]
Exactly.
And you know what?
We've actually had the first government sponsored event.
This was two nights ago.
And this was the United Conservative Party of Alberta sponsored an event.
And I can tell you who was at that event.
It was to discuss COVID vaccines in children and whether they should remain on the childhood vaccine schedule or not.
And we had Dr. Jessica Rose, Dr. Byron Bridal,
Dr. Eric Payne, myself, Dr. Mark Trosey, Dr. Chris Shoemaker, but we were not the first ones invited.
The first person invited was Mr. Timothy Caulfield, and he refused the invitation.
And so he had an invitation from the provincial government of Alberta, and he refused to show up.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, that's the way science works nowadays.
So, hey, tell us about turbo cancer.
So you become an expert on turbo cancer.
Maybe you can talk about the rate of cancer in kids before COVID, during COVID, and then after the vaccines rolled out.
So cancer rates in kids, what do you think they're up threefold from
pre-COVID days?
Did COVID raise the cancer rates in kids or is it all vaccine?

[SPEAKER_01]
So let me give you first just a quick introduction of how I effectively discovered turbo cancer for myself as a phenomenon because I get attacked all the time that basically that this is made up.
They credit me for making up a lot of it, which I appreciate the credit.
But for me, I discovered this phenomenon
in the summer of 2022.
And as you know, I've been tracking the sudden deaths of Canadian doctors.
We had discussed that on a number of occasions.
These unusual sudden deaths of Canadian doctors.
And as the more deaths I tracked, I was looking at, well, what are the causes of death?
And of course, the majority of them were cardiac.
And cardiac, including dying in your sleep, you know, physicians who were triathletes who would collapse and die during a triathlon or while they were running or hiking or skiing or so on.
That was, you know, 50 to 60% of the deaths were cardiac.
Of course, there was this much smaller percentage, about 10 to 15% that were blood clot related, you know, unexpected strokes, pulmonary emboli and so on.
And then there was a significant, like a 25 or 30% group of these extremely aggressive cancers.
And that really caught my eye because there was one situation where three doctors died at the same hospital within three days of each other and within days of the rollout of the second booster shot.
And this had leaked to the media.
It was a big scandal.
It was Trillium Hospital in Mississauga.
And the hospital had to come out and say, they didn't die of the COVID vaccine.
These doctors all died of cancer.
And one was 36 years old, another one was 49 years old, and another one was in his 60s.
And they all died of stage 4 cancer that they had developed within the past year.
And I thought, well, that's not much of an explanation.
That actually raises more questions and more red flags.
That was my first sort of a red flag for that there's something happening here.
Of course, they're all vaccinated.
They had to have two shots to work.
And you have these three deaths from cancer at the same hospital within a three day span.
And again, the more I looked, the more cancers I found.
And I saw 30 and 40 year olds coming down with stage four cancers, whether it was lung cancer, colon cancer, gastric cancer.
As I broadened my search, I discovered there was a lot of brain cancers, breast cancers, young women, 20 years old, 30 years old, coming, presenting with stage four breast cancers.
And so that's when I started diving into this phenomenon.
I had actually looked at the work of Dr. Ryan Cole.
He had initially talked about a potential risk of cancer with the vaccines.
I remember Dr. Charles Hoff in British Columbia who had discovered the blood clotting phenomenon in his patients and had started doing de-dimers for the blood clots.
He was talking about these very aggressive cancers and
And I believe he had actually said the term turbo cancer at some point as well.
And so the more I studied this phenomenon, the more fascinating I found it and the more information I learned about it.
Now, when it comes to the children, this is very preliminary right now.
There's just not enough data for me to tell you what the rates are looking like.
I could give you a bit of an idea for the adults.
And again, I tend to rely on the work of people like Ethical Skeptic or John Bedouin or Ed Dowd.
You know Ed doubt can actually get the data John Budwin can actually get the death certificates and he can actually you know count from the death certificates What is the increase in rates of you know lymphomas and other cancers and so on?
So that's the macro picture and then I'm you know I'm on the ground level looking at well
Who's getting these cancers?
What are these cancers looking like?
What are the ages of these patients?
What is the clinical course of these cancers?
And I can tell you, this is really something I've never seen before.
Very shocking, very aggressive.
The fact that these are almost always presenting at stage four is something to me that's absolutely shocking.
That should be sending red flags everywhere.
And, you know, I'm not the only person talking about this.
You know, Dr. Ryan Cole was talking about this.
Dr. Pierre Corey is seeing this.
Dr. Peter McCullough, you know, Dr.
Professor Angus Daiglish in St. George's University in London, he noticed these aggressive cancers in his melanoma patients as soon as they got the booster shot.
their cancer comes roaring back.
And so, you know, it's a fascinating phenomenon.
It's present, you know, they present at stage four, they seem to grow very rapidly.
These cancers seem to be on an extremely accelerated course.
They seem to be very resistant to standard chemotherapy, radiation therapy, in some cases, immunotherapy as well.
And they tend to have a much worse prognosis than you would expect for the cancer of that type at that stage.

[SPEAKER_03]
So when you see these cancers, they're normally presented stage one or stage two or stage three.
And how did you get this data?
Are you able to tap into your hospital system or how are you obtaining this data?
And then the third question is, are there any doubt in your mind
There seems to be no doubt in anyone's mind that something is going on.
But is there any other possible explanation for this other than the COVID vaccine?

[SPEAKER_01]
So the data is problematic.
I don't have access to hospital data.
So I am basically relying on social media accounts of people who post their medical history on social media, whether it's Facebook, Instagram, GoFundMe.
People have no idea how rich of a resource GoFundMe is, for example, because people will give their entire medical history
when they were diagnosed, what it looked like, what the reaction of the oncologist was, how they responded to treatment and so on.
So I've had to rely on those kinds of sources because, of course, my license is being held hostage and I don't have access to databases of patients and so on.
But there's more than enough in these sources of data to see all kinds of signals and to be able to make all kinds of conclusions that then seem to correlate with what other people are seeing around the world.
And as I mentioned, the behavior of these things is just so unique.
Now, you ask a question, well, could it be the vaccine?
Could it be something else?
And that's an excellent question, which could really be easily addressed
in a very simple way, and I think Dr. Ryan Cole would agree with me on this, stain the tissues, stain the tumors, stain the tumors, stain it for the spike proteins, stain it for the other viral proteins.
And let's see is long COVID causing cancer because there's now starting to be a shift towards
I mean, there's an admission in the mainstream media that yes, there's this sort of unexplained phenomenon of cancers in young people, aggressive cancers in young people.
We've seen an admission about colon cancers, breast cancers, and so on.
Now they're reducing the age of screening for breast cancer from age 50 to age 40.
We've got Yale admitting that there's a
increase in very aggressive colon cancers.
So there's an admission there, and of course, there's no interest in finding out what is causing those cancers.
But a few people are starting to mention long COVID.
Well, maybe it's maybe it's long COVID, right?
Maybe it's this sort of unknown process where you were infected a few years ago and then suddenly you develop cancer.
Okay, stain the tumors.
Stain the tumors for, you know, the viral proteins like the nucleocapsid protein, maybe other COVID viral proteins, stain it for the spike protein and let's see what lights up.
And, you know, this is the work that, you know, Ryan Cole has been doing.
Professor Arne Burkhardt in Germany was doing before he died.
We could do this.
If we can do this for, you know, a few thousand tumors, we'd have some answers.

[SPEAKER_03]
And so if you stain it and so you can stain it and you can see the spike protein and you can see the nuclear capsid protein, right?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, exactly.
And so if there's no other viral proteins, if you've only got the spike protein, it can't be the infection because, you know, if you've got the infection, you've got to have other viral proteins present.
You're not going to have uniquely the spike protein.
So if it's the spike protein, only the vaccine has uniquely the spike protein.
So it's a very, it's a very elegant diagnostic approach.
And it should be done.
It should be done at every cancer center and it's not being done.
It's not being done anywhere.
Well, it was being done in Germany by Professor Arne Burkhardt.
I believe he had stained a number of cases of whether it was lymphoma or other cancers.
But you need to do this on a much larger scale.
And this is not expensive.
This is another thing that, and I always talk about autopsies, because as you know, I've been reporting the died suddenly cases as well.
I've reported now about 6,000 of them.
I've got another 4,000 sitting on my desk.
And people will say, oh, you know, you're ascribed everything to the vaccine.
I don't.
I don't ascribe everything or anything to the vaccine because you need, you always need the proper autopsy with the proper staining.
Once you do that, then you have much more information to work with.
then you can make inferences.
And even if we stain the tumors and the spike protein lights up, you know, we still can't make the conclusion that it was absolutely the vaccine that caused it, but at least we have a lot more information.
Well, why is there spike protein in the tumor?
You know, why are all the tumor cells, you know, lighting up with the spike protein?
Well, maybe we need to do some genetic testing.
Maybe we need to test, you know, the DNA and see if there's been integration events.
You know, I mean, that's beyond my scope of expertise to talk about that, but
you could go to the next level of investigation.
And yet we're not doing any of that.
We're not even at step one.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right.
So nowhere in the US and nowhere in Canada are they doing the stains to detect these proteins.

[SPEAKER_01]
Exactly.

[SPEAKER_03]
And so if it was SARS-CoV-2, the virus, you would expect to see the nuclear capsid protein.
You would expect to see the envelope protein.
You'd expect to see the spike protein.

[SPEAKER_01]
Exactly.
If you design the stains, or yeah, if you create the stains for those various proteins, then they should all be lighting up in the tissue, in the tumor tissue.

[SPEAKER_03]
So couldn't you also do gene sequencing on that as well or not to look at the RNA that's there?

[SPEAKER_01]
So this is, as far as I'm aware, Professor Philip Buckholz, who had verified Kevin McKernan's work,
I believe he's doing some kind of genetic sequencing of that kind to basically look for the possibility of integration.
And right now, obviously, the big thing is the DNA contamination with the SV40 promoter in the Pfizer vials and are there integration events happening that could at least account for an elevated risk of cancer?
I don't think that's necessarily a major component of that.
That's just my hypothesis.
I think it is a potential part of it, part of the answer as to what is causing these cancers.
It may not explain all of it though, but at least, you know, he's doing that work and, and, and, you know, other centers, other university centers should be doing that work.
And it's almost as if, you know, really no one wants to find out because no one wants to be the person that, you know, that killed this, this multi-hundred billion dollar mRNA industry.
Other than individuals like Kevin McKernan, Philip Buckles and these, what I would call true scientists.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yes, who are curious as to what's really going on.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, there does seem to be a lack of interest for some reason as to what's killing all these people and what's causing all these turbo cancers.
And people deny the turbo cancers even exist.
They'll say, well, you're seeing all these social media posts because people are more aware of it, not because it's happening more.
And so how would you respond to that criticism?

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, all you have to do is look up the Wikipedia definition of turbo cancer and see what kind of references they give.
They quote Dr. David Gorski, who is a surgical oncologist who doesn't seem to have much of a background in anything other than surgical oncology.
And yet he's written numerous articles trying to explain why turbo cancer exists and how why mRNA cannot cause cancer.
I believe it was that one paper with 16 mice where they gave the mice Pfizer vaccine and one of them accidentally developed lymphoma and then the authors backed off and said, well, that doesn't prove that Pfizer causes cancer.
And of course it doesn't.
No one said that that did.
But they used that as an argument that, well, that's the only basis for the argument for turbo cancer and it's not.
So, you know, look at what their arguments are.
Also, look at, you know, Pfizer didn't test for genotoxicity.
Pfizer didn't test for carcinogenicity.
I mean, this is straight out of the Pfizer approval documents.
They didn't do what they claim they didn't do any of that testing because, and their rationale is that, well, we don't see how mRNA can cause cancer.
We don't see how lipid nanoparticles can cause cancer, so we didn't do the testing.
That was the rationale that Pfizer gave.
And that's it.
That's all they have.
And so they say, well, mRNA can't cause cancer.
You've got mRNA all over your body.
How can mRNA cause cancer?
And when we come to this area of causation, again, there's this complete lack of curiosity.
And for me, again, it's not my specialty.
I don't want to talk as an expert,
geneticist or virologist because I'm not.
But for me, as a physician, I look at the vaccine and I see four components.
I see lipid nanoparticles.
I see the N-methylsuterioridine mRNA, which is not the mRNA that's in our cells.
I see the spike protein that's produced from the mRNA.
And then I see the DNA contamination and with Pfizer having the SV40 promoter.
There are four components.
of the vaccine that may be contributing to these... development of these extremely aggressive cancers.
And, you know, right there, and then you can go beyond that and say, okay, well, how could each of those components contribute to carcinogenicity?
So, for example, with the Lepinata particles, we know from the biodistribution study obtained by the Freedom of Information Request by Dr. Byron Bridal,
that the lipid nanoparticles go all over the body, they get dumped in the bone marrow while we're seeing elevation in blood cancers, leukemias, lymphomas.
They get dumped into the testes and ovaries we see an increase in testicular and ovarian cancers.
They get picked up by the liver in the hepatobiliary system.
The 60 to 100 nanometer size of the lipid nanoparticle is perfect for hepatobiliary excretion and we know that the bulk of the nanoparticles go to the liver.
And so we see liver cancers, we see gallbladder cancers, we see appendiceal cancers, colandrocarcinomas, and we see, of course, stage four colon cancers.
In young people at ages, we shouldn't be seeing them in.
And so you see this sort of pattern where there may be a local effect with the lipid nanoparticles delivering enough of the payload of the mRNA of the DNA to a tissue where then we see an increase in cancers of that tissue.
So there's obviously a local effect that is the result of the lipid nanoparticle delivery.
Now, the lipid nanoparticles themselves are inflammatory and they may change the cytokine milieu of the immune system.
That is a big unknown.
That's being studied.
And then you've got the mRNA itself can cause changes in the immune system through the toll-like receptors that are suppressed.
because of the N-methylsuteruridine, that's what won the Nobel Prize.
It was not just so that the mRNA would last longer, but it would dampen the initial innate immune response by dampening the toll-like receptors.
So there you have another effect that may have downstream effects that could be cancer-causing.
You've got the spike protein with the P53 and the damage to DNA repair and so on.
And then, of course, you got that big DNA contamination piece that we see talked about a lot with the SV40 promoter sequence and so on.
How come there's no curiosity from the oncology field into all of these possible mechanisms?
I forgot to mention IgG4 shift when you've had multiple vaccines.
And once you get to your booster shot, you start producing all this IgG4 that effectively shuts off your cancer surveillance.
How come that it's, you know, you've got a few random independent researchers who are doing this basically on zero budget, like Dr. David Speaker, who basically smuggled vials of Pfizer and Moderna into his lab because if he told his bosses what he was doing, they would shut down his lab and they would lock him out of his lab just like they locked out Dr. Byron Bridal?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yep, it's a little hard to explain if they're interested in the truth, why they would do that.
What is their best alternative explanation for all of this?
The turbo-cancers, why is it in these particular places, it just happens to be coincidental with where the
Lipid nanoparticles all seem to have conventions.
So if it wasn't the vaccine, what's the next best explanation that they will give to you and say, well, you're mistaken, Dr. Makis, it's really being caused by this.
And you see this alternate explanation fits the data better than your explanation.

[SPEAKER_01]
So there's two schools of thought on this, or at least that's the way I perceive it, because I'm not on the other side.
So one school of thought, when doctors do speak to this, is they say, there is no increase in cancer.
This is all made up.
The CDC data shows that there's no increase in cancer, and that's good enough for them.
Forget the thousands of people that are on Twitter and Instagram showing up with stage 4 cancers in their 20s and 30s.
That's all anecdotal.

[SPEAKER_03]
Those are all anecdotes.

[SPEAKER_01]
Exactly.
It's all anecdotes.
So that's one school of thought, is that it's not happening, right?
And the other school of thought is that, yes, there is an increase, but it's anything but the vaccine.
And this is where it gets very interesting is because they actually don't have an explanation.
And what I've noticed was, like, Dr. Eric Topol, for example, did a big review on long COVID and the characteristics of long COVID.
Not once did he mention cancer or the risk of cancer.
And so what we haven't seen, like we've seen everything ascribed to long COVID, the blood clots, you know, the myocarditis, the autoimmune diseases, neurological diseases and so on.
What I haven't seen ascribed to long COVID yet is cancer, or at least they really don't want to go in that direction because then you would be like, well, how's long COVID causing cancer?
Well, then you start getting into this discussion of the spike protein.
Well, if the spike protein would be a cause of cancer in long COVID, then it sure as hell going to be a cause of cancer with the vaccine as well.
I don't think they want people to even make that connection.
And so it really is this kind of a silly anything but the vaccine.
They talk about diet.
They talk about stress.
They talk about lockdowns.
They talk about missed cancer appointments and missed cancer screenings.
Now that doesn't explain why 20 year olds are getting breast cancer because you don't screen 20 year olds for breast cancer.
So why are they showing up at stage four cancers?
You would never you would never screen them anyways.
So that falls apart on a closer inspection, but I haven't seen a good explanation from the other side as to what is causing these cancers and they don't seem to agree.
There seems to be no agreement on the other side as to the potential causes.

[SPEAKER_03]
And I've never seen an interview from anyone in the mainstream media who is grilling these people on this to get answers, right?
They're not saying, well, if it's that, then how do you explain that it's happening to young people
And how do you explain how the parking lots are now full at all these cancer centers?

[SPEAKER_01]
Honestly, the few interviews that I've seen in the mainstream media, there's no hard questions.
If the interviewer does ask, well, what might be causing this?
The doctor who's usually responding to this will say, well, we don't know.
I mean, there's been a bit of a long-term rise in cancer going before the pandemic, but they have absolutely no explanation.
They try to say diet.
They try to say maybe they're going to start going after artificial sweeteners again.
That's a big one, right?
So, and you know what, there may be very small components of some of those things, but they really don't have an explanation that they've settled on.

[SPEAKER_03]
So if I were to biopsy, somebody who has one of these turbo cancers, should I find the vaccine gene sequence, the RNA that's delivered by the vaccine?
Should I find that RNA in those tissues?

[SPEAKER_01]
If each of the cancer cells is expressing spike protein, then there's obviously been some kind of an integration event because the mRNA shouldn't last, shouldn't, I mean, the mRNA lasts maybe what a month, maybe a bit longer.
But if you've got a tumor, now that would have probably all started from one cell.
And so if you've had an integration event, you should find that in those cells, in those tumor cells.
And so if you do the genetic sequencing, you should find the sequence of the spike protein in there.
That is my assumption.
Again, I'm not a geneticist, so I don't want to be, you know,

[SPEAKER_03]
going in.
So the spike protein that's in the vaccine versus the spike protein that's in the virus, I may be getting into the weeds here that you don't know, but let me just ask, is there a difference?
So there's a 19 nucleotide sequence called the furrin cleavage site where furrin comes in and cleaves the
in between S1 and S2 protein.
That is in the virus itself.
I would guess that that is not in the spike protein of the vaccine.

[SPEAKER_01]
I believe you're correct.
I believe there is a difference and you can identify that.
You could actually identify if the spike is specifically from the vaccine or from an infection.
I believe you're correct on that.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right.
So they don't even have to look for nuclear capsid or envelope proteins.
They can just simply look at the spike protein gene sequence because they won't be able to tell from staining.
Yeah, but they will be able to tell from gene sequencing whether it matches the sequence of the virus or it matches the sequence of the vaccine.

[SPEAKER_01]
Exactly.
Now, that tells us, I mean, that is a huge red flag.
If that is present and there's been an integration event, that is a huge red flag.
Now, the question is, is there also a systemic immune
suppression of some kind that you need for those things to then work together to create these cancers.
And that becomes very interesting because, like I said, my hypothesis is that there is a systemic effect where there's some kind of significant immune system damage that has damaged the cancer surveillance mechanism of the immune system, whether it's
damaged sea cells or you know the cytokines are completely different and so on and then of course you've got the local effects and that's and this is see this would kill the whole technology because you've got the lipid nanoparticles are delivering the payload right and so if they're delivering the payload
And then from that payload, you get an integration event at a particular destination, whether it's testicle ovary and so on.
And then that, in the right environment of a suppressed immune system and so on, develops into this extremely aggressive cancer.
then you can't use the lipid nanoparticles as they are.
I mean, of course, you can't use the, you know, the mRNA technology as it is.
Now, we know that it's contaminated with the DNA particles as well.
So maybe it's, you know, obviously it's probably the DNA particles that would be integrating the DNA plasmids or fragments and so on.
I mean, that renders the whole technology effectively non-usable.
That is the end of mRNA vaccines until basically they go back to the drawing board and start from scratch.

[SPEAKER_03]
So what's your take on the DNA contamination issue?
Because it's a little bit up in the air right now that people say, look, this is a serious issue.
We're going to go and look into it.
And we're going to see if there's integration.
The health authorities say,
We're not even going to look at that.
We're just going to shut our eyes.
Can't possibly be an issue.
And by the way, let us know what you find.
And the people who are looking are pretty confident that they're going to find an integration.
They're going to be surprised if they don't, I think, as the

[SPEAKER_01]
I think it's extremely important work.
I'm always looking to see what Kevin McKernan is working on, or David Speaker, or Phillip Buchholz.
Anybody else might be working on this.
I think it's extremely important.
I think it's going to be a piece of the puzzle, absolutely.
Now where I differ maybe from some other people is that I don't ascribe the entirety of the cancer effect just to the DNA contamination and the integration.
One simple explanation being that the SV40 sequence, Kevin found it in the Pfizer vials, not in the Moderna vials.
And from my experience, I am seeing people with Moderna vaccine develop extremely aggressive cancers as well.
And so, but I think it's an extremely important piece of the puzzle.
And I, you know, I very much support that work, you know, continuing.
And let's find integration because I think that's extremely important.
I think that's an extremely important piece of that puzzle.

[SPEAKER_03]
Absolutely.
So Olivia, let's get to audience questions.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, before I ask audience questions, I actually have a non-cancer question for you, Dr. Mack.
Steve and I both know people very close to us who have had an appendicitis after receiving the vaccine.
Have you seen increases in appendicitis due to the COVID vaccine?

[SPEAKER_01]
So and I'll tell you again it's and the way it hit me was I had seen people complaining after getting the vaccine of problems with their appendix, usually inflammation of the appendix.
I've seen people complain of inflammation of their gallbladder as well.
And so you wonder, you're like, well, what is happening?
Why the gallbladder?
Why the appendix?
Why is this such a big deal?
And it's a frequent enough of an effect that it has been raised as a safety signal.
I believe the CDC has actually identified acute appendicitis as the most
the most common severe, sorry, serious adverse event in the Pfizer trial.
And this is from the FDA briefing document, and it's on the CDC.gov website.
In the trial, they basically said that the most common serious adverse event in the vaccine group versus the placebo group was appendicitis, seven in the vaccine group, two in the placebo group, followed by acute myocardial infarction, surprise.
3 versus 0 and then cerebrovascular accident stroke 3 versus 1 appendicitis was number 1 and I honestly again my theory is that it's the delivery of the lipid nanoparticles to the appendix and and basically you've got you know most likely it's the hepatobiliary excretion
of the lipanato particles going through the hepatobiliary system and ending up in the gallbladder, ending up in the pancreas.
So we see a lot of pancreatitis as well.
And then, of course, ending up in the colon, ending up in the appendix.
So I think there's a local inflammatory effect where the lipid nanoparticles are delivering this payload.
They're obviously delivering a significant amount of mRNA that gives you a lot of spike protein in those areas, which of course causes a very significant inflammation there.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, let me just ask you one more thing on that.
Is that appendicitis then likely to happen within days, months, years of the shot?
In other words, if you had appendicitis two years after you got your shot, could you ascribe that to the shot or would that typically be unrelated?

[SPEAKER_01]
That's a good question.
The vast majority of the cases that I've seen would have happened within days or weeks of the shot.

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay.
Good.
Thank you.
Do we know if there's been an increase in appendicitis prior to 2021?

[SPEAKER_01]
Is there any data on that?
I haven't seen data.
I usually go to the WHO Vigie access and I simply look at the number of adverse events.
And to get a sense of, is this a significant and a frequent adverse event?
And appendicitis is one of them.
Acute colostitis, inflammation of gallbladders, another one.
It's very frequent.

[SPEAKER_02]
Interesting.
Okay.
Thank you for that response.
All right.
Let's jump to the audience Q&A.
And again, if you have questions for Dr. Mackis or for Steve, put question, all caps in the chat, and we'll try to get to your question.
Let's start with the first one.
Robin and Seychelles asks,
With turbo cancer on the rise from the poison injections, what does the data show today who are the highest risk patients and what signs or abnormalities, if any, because of the speed it takes, should they look out for?
And last, will their risk of turbo cancer decrease over time?

[SPEAKER_01]
That's a great question because it is very heterogeneous in the sense that you might have had only one shot and you could develop cancer or you might have had five shots.
And that comes back to the batch-to-batch variability.
We don't know what's in each of these batches that people have had.
And people have mixed and matched vaccines as well.
And so it really is a Russian roulette.
I've seen people develop extremely aggressive cancers just after one shot of Pfizer or Moderna.
I don't have enough data on AstraZeneca or Johnson & Johnson to be able to tell you if there's an elevated risk of cancer.
So my feeling is that this is a phenomenon specific to the mRNA vaccine.
It's very random and it's because the batches are all different and that's the difficulty of this.

[SPEAKER_02]
Right.
If you got on the bad batch list, then it's a rule.

[SPEAKER_01]
Luck of the draw.
It's Russian roulette.

[SPEAKER_03]
I mean, before your next question, let me ask you when, since we're talking about vaccines, I started looking into other vaccines, and I found out that all the studies ever published in the peer-reviewed literature all show that kids who are not vaccinated at all did far better in all these metrics than kids who are fully vaccinated.
What's your take on a vaccination?
If a parent came to you and said, should I vaccinate my kids?
I'm supposed to give them like 92 shots before they're age five or something.
It's some ridiculous number.
I don't know.
The number is like 70, 80, 90 shots.
What would your advice to a parent who came to you and asked you, so Dr. Mack is what your take in general on the vaccination program for kids, not just the COVID vaccines?

[SPEAKER_01]
I can tell you as a radiologist and oncologist, I never had to really think about this.
When my kids were born, they got their standard vaccines and so on.
I've come to the point, especially what's happened in the last four years, that if I were to have kids now, I would simply not vaccinate them.
I've made a complete turn.
to the point where I'm so, you know, I'm so suspicious and concerned that, you know, either that I would basically, you know, again, I don't want to give anybody advice, right?
But what I would do for myself or for my family at this point would be I would simply avoid completely the vaccination schedule as it stands right now simply because of the risks that I've become aware of
over the last four years just because of the nature of vaccines being under much more scrutiny.
I can tell you that in my earlier years of practice, and this was just five to 10 years ago, I knew about the neurological side effects of the HPV vaccines, for example.
I knew that that was a significant risk, so I was already decided I would never give my kids the HPV vaccines.
You know, I didn't really do a deep dive into HB or DTAP or MMR.
And now I would really question everything.
And I think really the entire vaccine schedule at a bare minimum has to be completely re-evaluated.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, they just want to keep adding to the schedule and making it a requirement for school, for work, for anything you want to do.
My boys, they're working, they're vaccinated, they were on the childhood schedule regretfully.
But now when they do their applications, they've got all these vaccine questions for a job that if they hadn't been, they're immediately disqualified.
Yeah, wow.

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, and again, I had to take a lot of vaccines in my life.
You know, I escaped from communist Czechoslovakia through a refugee camp.
So when I came to Canada, I had to take a whole bunch of vaccines all over again.
When I went to medical schools, I had to take a whole bunch of vaccines.
I had the H1N1 swine flu vaccine in 2009.
So it's like, I'm not an anti-vaxxer, right?
That had never been part of
my outlook on science and vaccines.
And yet, what's happened, especially over the last four years, has made me question everything.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
Same here.
Question from an Alaskan.
It's two parts.
A, regarding turbo cancers, any articles in relevant journals?
And B, are you seeing greater transparency about cancer data, early onset, and turbo in other countries?

[SPEAKER_01]
Okay, so this is a good question.
Are there articles on turbo cancer?
I would say there are probably about three or four dozen articles on turbo cancer at this point.
There are at least a dozen case reports and then the rest of them are mostly hypothesis papers.
Now you will never find them
by looking under turbo cancer because that is simply not a term that is being used even when looking into the possible mechanisms.
You know, I was a co-author on an IGG4 paper.
We didn't use the term turbo cancer and yet we hypothesized that, you know, there would be an increased risk of cancer by having this significant IGG4 shift.
So when you're going to go into the literature, you're obviously looking for
You know, you're going to be looking at keywords that sort of the average person is not simply not going to know how to search for these papers.
So there are some very good collections.
You know, I've done a collection of papers, some 30 or 40 papers that would be related to turbo cancer.
I've put that out on my substack.
Dr. Peter McCullough has done something similar.
Children's health defense, I believe, has done something similar.
So, you know, we are trying to get this information out there, how people can access these articles, but you're not going to find it under turbo cancer.

[SPEAKER_03]
What will you find it under?

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, you know, you basically, I mean, you're looking at the mRNA vaccines, you could look under cancer, but you know, again,
IGG for and methyl pseudo uredine, you've got Kevin McCurn's work, for example, in some cases, you almost have to know which authors to look for, you know, whose work to look for Dr. Jessica Rose, Dr. Stephanie Seneff, right.
And so then you start putting those papers together.
But this is one of the downsides right now is that they'll tell you, well, I put into the search engine turbo cancer and nothing came up.
Well, yeah, that's not how science works.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, they don't want.
And I think the B, are you seeing greater transparency about cancer data, whether it's early onset or in other countries?

[SPEAKER_01]
No, and I can tell you that there's an interesting story that came out, I believe it was 2022, that someone had leaked Korean government data on cancer that had shown a tripling of billing by cancer doctors in 2022, right?
And so the government came out, they said it wasn't, they denied that it was a tripling in the increase of cancers.
They just said, well, the cancers are now more complex.
So we have tripled the amount of visits.
It doesn't mean that there was a triple the cancers.
So you have things like this where you get leaks like this.
I've had someone show me insurance data from Ontario, for example, that shows significant rises in breast cancers and colon cancers and so on.
That hasn't been published yet, but it will be.
we're gonna need more leaks and whistleblowers and so on because the medical authorities are not going to be forthcoming with this.
I can tell you right now, there are things that I get the most pushback on are cancer, turbo cancer, stillbirths and suicides.
Those are the things in COVID vaccinated individuals that are going to be hidden and suppressed as long as they can suppress it.

[SPEAKER_03]
What are your numbers on stillbirths, the rise in stillbirths after the vaccines rolled out?

[SPEAKER_01]
We've actually had some Alberta government data published very recently on stillbirths.
They break it down by age groups, girls 15 to 19, 19 to 24, and so on.
And they actually give us the rate of stillbirths going back the last 10 to 15 years.
I've put out a Substack article on that.
That was a very recent article.
And you see, again, depending on the age group and depending on the years, you see increases of anywhere from 10 to 50% in a given year.
And that's as much as the government has shared with the public.
And the mainstream media story on that was, well, it's probably syphilis.
It's probably attributable to syphilis.
Because here in Edmonton, Alberta, we have a big problem with syphilis, for example.
And so they try to explain it.
And again, there's no curiosity.
There's no, well, let's investigate.
Let's get into this stillbirths.
Where are the mothers vaccinated?
you'll never get those kinds of investigations.

[SPEAKER_03]
So they'll basically just throw a response without the evidence to back it up.

[SPEAKER_01]
Exactly.
But at least we'll get some data.
And I'm telling you, in some age groups from one year to the next, it's a 40% or 50% increase, which to me is very significant.

[SPEAKER_02]
It is.
Question from Zumiest.
Dr. Maccas, have any colleagues who are formerly COVID vaccine advocates change their position, either privately or publicly, through cancer doctors realize the connection?

[SPEAKER_01]
Great question.
You know who comes to me with just an absolute shock and panic and only privately because they're so afraid to come out publicly.
There's one specialty, above all, that is seeing this and they are absolutely in a panic.
And it's radiologists.
Radiologists are seeing this.
They're seeing things on CTs and MRIs they have never seen before in their careers.
They come to me privately and they are absolutely terrified.
That is the only specialty that has come to me in larger numbers.
I have not seen any single oncologist come to me in terms of what they may or may not be seeing.

[SPEAKER_03]
But the radiologists, would you say 100% of the radiologists are clued in and are just remaining silent?
No, no.
What do you think the numbers are?

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, you know, I can give you the Canadian numbers and it's again, it's only my guess before it.
It's going to be maybe 15 to 20, 25 percent.

[SPEAKER_03]
Oh, wow.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
But the others are seeing it.
The others have to be seeing stuff they've never seen before.
What do they do?
They just say experimental error.
Or maybe they just think it's a one off.

[SPEAKER_01]
You know, it depends.
Anecdotes.

[SPEAKER_03]
Or they just say weird.
Move on.

[SPEAKER_01]
But you know, Steve, the kind of person I was, the kind of doctor I was, is when I had something really weird and crazy that I had never seen before, my first instinct was I want to publish this.
And so I've got over 100 publications in things that no one had ever seen before, no one had ever published before.
But that's very, very rare for physicians.
In Canada, for example, most Canadian physicians don't publish.
Certainly the vast majority of radiologists don't publish.
So you'd have to be that kind of person that you'd have that sort of instinct to try to publish something weird and unusual, and you have to be awake at the same time.
Right?
And so probably there's not a lot of people in that category.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
Question from Ari Goldberg.
One, do you trust the staining process?
Aren't spike proteins smaller than viruses and therefore too small to see visually?

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, you do controls, right?
I mean, when you do the proper controls, you know, you figure out what lights are positive, what doesn't.
I think it could be quite reliable.

[SPEAKER_03]
But the person who gave the question is correct.
The spike protein, of course, is a fragment of the virus.
And the virus is very small with respect to the size of a cell.
So these things are microscopic.
But I think when they do the stains, I'm not familiar with the staining technique, but they'll somehow light things up so it's much easier to see.
So you can see it in the noise, even though it's small, it's in enough places where you can see it.
If you look at an electron microscope image, for example, of the coronavirus, you can actually see the coronavirus and you can see the corona over the coronavirus.

[SPEAKER_01]
If you have one or two spike proteins, nothing's going to light up.
You need to have a certain concentration.
of the spike proteins where if it's, you know, if the process is related to an antibody and you've got enough of the concentrate of spike proteins, then yeah, I mean, you know, it'll light up.
But if you have a little one spike here, one spike there, of course, nothing's gonna light up.

[SPEAKER_02]
Question from Dr. Laura.
Please describe the unusual circumstances around Dr. Burkhart's death.
Thanks.

[SPEAKER_01]
Steve, do you want to take that one?
Because I don't really know.

[SPEAKER_03]
No, I don't know either.

[SPEAKER_02]
All right, we'll leave that one alone there.
Question from Lisa, our very own Lisa.
Can you explain why getting COVID shortly after a vaccination seems to lead to autoimmune disease or cancers?
I am seeing this in several people I know personally.
Megan Kelly explained this happening to her as well.

[SPEAKER_01]
getting COVID infection after vaccination.

[SPEAKER_02]
To autoimmune disease or cancers?

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, again, so that's a complicated question because we know that the vaccination itself, without any infection, is associated with a significant increase in all kinds of autoimmune diseases.
And so is it just something coincidental or is there an effect where you're re-exposing the body to more spike protein?
Does that stimulate the immune system somehow?
That's sort of beyond my scope.

[SPEAKER_02]
Question from Carrie Harbour.
Are you seeing people who have been treated for a stage one breast cancer pre-COVID, VAX, having a recurrence either in the breast or elsewhere in the body?

[SPEAKER_01]
I can tell you that I am seeing recurrences of all types, of all kinds.
And again, Professor Angus Daiglish, same thing.
He was seeing patients who had been, melanoma patients who had been stable for five years, 10 years, 20 years.
They're taking a certain kind of medication.
they take a booster shot, the cancer comes roaring back.
But I've seen extremely aggressive recurrences of breast cancers, colon cancers, leukemias, lymphomas.
What's interesting is that in some of these cases, it seems to undergo a transformation so that when it comes back, it is a different
It's almost like a different cell type or a different grade.
And it ends up much more aggressive than the initial cancer was.
So you're not getting the same exact cancer, the same exact cell type.
Something has happened.
It seems to come back, but it seems to have changed.
And these cells end up being, in some cases, much more aggressive.
And again, this should all be investigated in all the top cancer centers.
This area is so rich for research.
If you could just allow doctors to do this kind of research without them being afraid of having their medical licenses taken away, we would have had these answers probably a year or two ago.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, as Mr. Peppermin writes, the most interesting question is still, why does nobody want to know?
And it's interesting you were talking about just anecdotal, like I think I mentioned this to Steve a few weeks ago.
My mother spends a lot of time going in and out of the hospital for various health reasons.
And she's now a couple of times said to me, even just this past week,
It's amazing how many people are in the cancer center and of all ages like she just overwhelmed by how many people she sees in the the cancer treatment center over at the Cleveland Clinic.

[SPEAKER_03]
Super popular now must be all the advertising they're doing.

[SPEAKER_02]
Right.
It's the place to be.

[SPEAKER_01]
But you know what?
I mean, I have a potential explanation, and I mean, it's easy to say money, but I think there's more to it than that.
I think that there's been a tremendous shift in terms of the pharmaceutical industry wanting the mRNA vaccines to be the next big thing, and especially mRNA cancer vaccines.
Now, imagine
Right.
We figure out that, you know, the COVID-19 mRNA vaccines cause the cancer.
You think anybody's going to want to take an mRNA cancer vaccine to treat the cancer?
Probably not.

[SPEAKER_03]
And so... No, no, no, people will.
I guarantee it.
People will fall for it.

[SPEAKER_01]
I agree.
I agree.

[SPEAKER_03]
Some people will say, oh, that makes sense.

[SPEAKER_01]
But they're all in phase three clinical trials.
Now Moderna's got their mRNA cancer vaccines in phase three clinical trials in Australia and the UK.
They've got a partnership with Merck.
you know, the company that abandoned ibermectin when it came to COVID-19.
And so they've got a 50-50 partnership for the mRNA cancer vaccines.
This is big business and apparently, you know, the treatments are going to cost, the last number I heard was 400,000 pounds per treatment.

[SPEAKER_02]
Wow.
Yeah.
And a lot of the people that I actually know, many people who've got this turbo cancer tragically, but if I ask or insinuate or try to find out, are you vaccinated or did they get, and I already know pretty much it's, it makes them uncomfortable.
It's like an impolite question for me to ask yet.
When I was not getting the vaccine, they were like, why are they were very aggressive about me?
So it's just interesting how double standard, complete double standard.

[SPEAKER_01]
If you're just the problem, the problem here is that it's actually an important piece of information.
And it's an important piece of information because if you've been vaccinated and you get breast cancer, colon cancer, whatever it is, whether it's stage three, stage four, you know, you don't have the time left that you normally would.
This is what I have found when I looked at hundreds of cases on GoFundMe and the various social media sites is people would say, well, my oncologist told me I had two years to live, three years to live, and then the patient dies two or three months later.
The oncologists in their prognostication, which they're usually very good at, that's one thing that oncologists get excellent training is to be able to give you a very good prognosis based on the stage, cell type, and so on.
They're off by a factor of 10.
in terms of like the prognosis time, it's so compressed that people don't have a lot of time.
So when you get failure of the initial chemotherapy and so on, your clock is ticking very, very quickly.
And so you don't have much time to start alternative treatments.
If you're gonna do high dose ivermectin or high dose fanbendazole, mbendazole, CBD oil, whatever alternative options you're going to try.
And I've had
you know, stage four cancer patients come to me, say, Dr. Maccas, you know, I read your articles about ivermectin.
I've been doing, you know, ivermectin, high dose, one milligram per kilogram, or I've been doing fanbendazole for 44 milligrams a day.
And my tumors are shrinking and my doctor told me, my oncologist told me, you should already be dead.
How come your tumors are shrinking?
This is like, you failed all treatments, like you should already be dead, you shouldn't be here.
And the patients are afraid to tell them that they're on ivermectin and they're taking it secretly.
And sometimes they're taking the veterinary form of ivermectin.
But they're so afraid to tell their oncologist because the oncologist would basically say, well, you know, you're crazy or don't come see me again.
They'll kick them out.
But you don't have a lot of time to do that.
Right.
And so if you've had the vaccine, I get it.
The denial is very strong.
But it makes a difference in terms of your treatment strategy.

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, I want to ask this question, which is from Dr. Lorrigan, does Dr. Mackis have a favorite detox protocol for VAX patients who are now trying to decrease their risk?

[SPEAKER_01]
I do.
And I can tell you, my detox, sort of my favorite detox protocol starts with prolonged fasting.
Prolonged fasting to me is the cornerstone of spike detox, and it's the cornerstone of cancer treatment as well.
When I mean prolonged fasting, I mean three-day, five-day, seven-day water fast, water only.
And, you know, autophagy is, I think, a very significant process that kicks in around the second day of fasting.
And it's basically the body's mechanism of clearing damaged cells, whether they've been damaged by the spike, maybe whether there's been integration, whether there's pre-cancer cells, mutated cells, cancer cells.
I've had someone come to me and say, Dr. Makis, I read your article about fasting.
And I put out an article about three-day fasting.
He has prostate cancer stage four.
He did a seven-day fast.
His PSA dropped from 100 to 30 after a seven day fast.
That's significant, right?
And so that's what I start with.
Start with that.
No supplements.
No, you don't need anything.
You don't need money and you don't need supplements.
fasting, prolonged fasting, minimum 48 hours.
And for cancer benefits, you need, I would say at least 72 hours.
Three days, five days, seven days.
And that's your cornerstone.
That's what you start with.
Now, in terms of cancer patients, they all need to eliminate sugar from their diet as well.
So you need to basically get to a ketogenic diet as close as possible.
You want to eliminate sugar from your diet.
You want to start the cancers, you know, the vast majority of cancers.
love sugar, they use it as fuel.
We use radioactively labeled sugar to diagnose cancer.
I mean, that's the PET CT scan when they use 18 FFTG glucose that the cancer cells pick up and it lights up, you know, with hotspots on your body like a Christmas tree because the cancer cells utilize glucose at multiple rates compared to your normal cells.
Eliminate sugar from your diet, that's another element.
for cancer patients, for example, right?
And then if we're talking cancer, you know, I love my repurposed drugs like ivermectin, fenbendazole, mobendazole, and so on.
If we're talking, you know, spike detox, ivermectin can be part of a spike detox because it binds to spike protein.
I like Dr. Peter McCullough's protocol, you know, he's got that base
base protocol of natokinase, bromelain, and curcumin.
That's two enzymes that break down the spike protein, natokinase and bromelain, and curcumin that binds the spike protein.
So he's got two enzymes that break it down, one that bind it.
You could add quercetin, you could add black seed oil, you could add, and these are all spike protein binders.
dandelion root, olive leaf extract, Artemisia annua, NAC, Nacidal cysteine.
So you've got spike breakdowns, you've got spike binders.
Then you add an antioxidant, vitamin C, Nacidal cysteine, because the spike protein creates a lot of oxidative damage, damage to the mitochondria, for example.
So you've got to have some of that.
Get your vitamin D up to help your immune system.
Um, that's kind of, yeah, that, that would be sort of my approach to detox.
It's not like take one, two or three supplements.
There's sort of a multi-pronged approach to this.
Um, yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
Have you ever seen anybody get rid of a chronic cancer using essentially a diet plus supplements?

[SPEAKER_01]
A stage four cancer?
Yes.
Um, gone, gone.
Yes.
Yeah, but not with just diet and supplements, they were using either ivermectin, fanbendazole, or both as part of their protocol.
Now, they may have had other stuff in there, right?
So you've got the Joe Tippins protocol, which is, I don't know if you're familiar with Joe Tippins, but he basically popularized fanbendazole as the dog dewormer that it was at the time.
They sent him home to die with small cell lung cancer in, I think, 2017 or 18.
And his friend figured out that there was this antiparasitic that they were giving to mice, and it happened to cure their cancers by accident.
And so he took it.
Now there's an FDA-approved human version of it called mebandazole.
But those are very powerful anti-cancer drugs that could be repurposed for oncology.
The reason they're not going to be repurposed for oncology is because there's no money in it.
there's no money in ivermectin it's off patent there's no money in fenbendazole or mbendazole you can get generics of it for a couple of bucks a pill so

[SPEAKER_03]
These treatments then should be tested on every cancer to see if it could cure the cancer, but because there's no money in it, you don't have any of the trials.
You just have anecdotes.

[SPEAKER_01]
No.
So what you have is you have extensive preclinical research published, peer-reviewed, published on basically cancer cells and on mice, mice or rats where they've
eliminated the cancers completely in some cases or shrunk the tumors by 90% or whatever the study was.
You have extensive what they call preclinical research, right?
And you need to have that for any kind of anti-cancer agent where the pharmaceutical steps in and says, okay, we're going to stop it right there.
is they don't do the clinical research.
So they may even do like a phase one, phase two trial and then it stops there.
You need a phase three trial to basically get approval of the drug for human use.
I'll give you another example.
For example,
something like CBD oil or even something natural like like turkey tail mushroom or chaga mushroom what they'll do is they'll say oh well it's a good enhancement to existing chemo regimens so they'll do phase two or phase three clinical trials but always in combination with expensive chemo.
So what you end up with is you end up with enhanced effect of chemo and you end up with a lot less side effects, but they will never test it as a standalone on its own because you don't make any money with it, right?
The money is in the chemo.

[SPEAKER_03]
So do you think that all cancers could be cured by a combination of these approaches, fasting combined with the proper drugs and supplements?

[SPEAKER_01]
I don't know the answer to that.
I think a lot of cancers could, but I can't tell you if all of them could.
But you think when you say a lot, like 90%?
A significant amount.
Certainly maybe 70%, 80%.
There may be genetic issues or genetic components that you may simply not be able to overcome.
You may not be able to simply overcome with a diet or supplements or mushrooms or bioactive compounds.
But I think a significant amount can.
In fact, I can tell you why.
Because when you look at chemo that is approved, about 60 to 70% of chemotherapy comes from natural sources.
It comes from whether it's plants or, you know,
fungi or what have you, where they isolated a particular bioactive compound, maybe changed it slightly, patented it, and now they sell it for chemo for hundreds of thousands of dollars.
But the difference when you look at cancer fighting foods like apricot seeds, like soursop, like garlic, ginger, like some of the fermented sauerkraut and so on,
What you have in those foods is you have several hundred bioactive compounds, many of which have anti-cancer properties.
And if you can just get enough of a concentration of them in your body, then you may have something that acts much better than the standard chemotherapy regimen.
But again, there's no money in that.

[SPEAKER_02]
Right.
Right.
It's all about the dollars.
Very interesting.
Dr. Mackis, where can people find your work online?

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, thank you very much for having me on.
I really appreciate it.
I'm on Twitter at Mackis MD.
I'm also on substackmackismd.substack.com and I'm on Instagram, wmackismd.

[SPEAKER_02]
Thank you for coming on this evening.
What a wealth of information you gave us.
And I wonder where you're going to end up if you have to leave Canada.
I'm curious where you're going to go.

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, I'll be looking at some of the freedom-loving states in the United States.
So I have my one eye on the exit.
If they shut down the border, then we're going to have to hire some human traffickers to traffic my family across the border.
It's sad because, you know, Canada is an incredible country.
You know, I fled communist Czechoslovakia to come to Canada.
Canada was the land of freedom and opportunity.
It was a beautiful, incredible country until while Trudeau got in, right?
And then it went downhill from there.

[SPEAKER_02]
Are you a hockey fan?

[SPEAKER_01]
So, I'm not a huge hockey fan, but again, my hometown Edmonton Oilers are in the Stanley Cup Final.
It's got the whole city buzzing, so it's exciting.
It's almost like we've got the two freedom areas in North America.
We've got Alberta, which is the most freedom-minded province in Canada by far, by orders of magnitude.
And you've got Florida, so I think it's kind of an interesting situation in the Stanley Cup Final.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
Well, yeah, it's nice distraction from all the other news in the world to see some good hockey being played.

[SPEAKER_01]
Exactly.

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, thank you for coming on, Dr. Mackis.
And hopefully we can have you back on very soon.

[SPEAKER_01]
Absolutely.
Thank you very much for having me.

[SPEAKER_02]
Thank you for being here.

[SPEAKER_03]
Thank you for being here.

[SPEAKER_02]
Thanks, Steve.
Steve I know you've got a short window so I want to run through a couple of things before I release you because I want to get all the way to the end hang on Your viewers because I got a little video at the end with Dr. Martin and Russell brand actually so before we sign off however, I want to
Well, then I'm going to get caught up on where I'm at.
Just a reminder that VSRF is a nonprofit 501C3 organization, and we operate solely on your donation.
And tonight, we have a
Special donor spotlight features our dear friend Jay from Vancouver, also from Canada.
Jay writes, hello, Steve and company.
I've been following VSRF since the start of the pandemic and remain so resolutely among Justin Trudeau's often racist, misogynistic minority.
Huge Kudos for your indefatigable strength.
Happy to donate to your cause after watching today's amazing production.
Thank you, Jay, for your support.
Also, I want to announce, and we made this announce recently, that Steve, you're going to be at this rally on June 25th at 5.30 p.m. at Dominican University in San Rafael, California.
We are hosting a Fauci protest rally.
Please join Steve, Nurse Angela, and Lisa Leahy at a nearby restaurant at 4.30 p.m. Pacific Standard Time for a happy hour hosted by BSRF.
Tickets to the Happy Hour cost $150 and are tax deductible and are going to a great cause.
We will put the link in the chat and afterwards they will all head over to the Dominican University and begin to protest.
Fauci is due to speak with Barbara Boxer at 7 p.m. Steve will be speaking at the rally.
We will put all the links in the chat.
I'm sure you're gonna have a lot to say out there, Steve, at this rally.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, it's, you know, it's a shame they didn't invite me to speak at the event.

[SPEAKER_02]
I'm surprised.
I'm surprised that you weren't on the guest list.
And I was told it's sold out.
You can't even get inside now.
It's sold out before you can get a ticket.

[SPEAKER_03]
Oh, darn it.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
Dang.
Yeah, but you'll be outside and I'm sure with the few words.

[SPEAKER_03]
You know, all I ever wanted is an explanation for all the data.
The data shows that, you know, the vaccines don't work.
All I want is for somebody to explain the data to me.
It's so hard.

[SPEAKER_02]
You think he's going to give an explanation inside?
It's so frustrating.

[SPEAKER_03]
Oh, I'm sure he'll, he'll go over all the US nursing home date.
I'm sure he'll be talking about the New Zealand data that Barry Young leaked and he'll talk about the time series cohort analysis of that.
And he'll, he'll explain how that doesn't show anything.
I'm sure all that's going to happen.
I mean, come on.
No health authority.
You know, it's so,
It's so crazy that no health authority in the world is looking at their own data.
They have their own record level data.
They have the best data ever.
It is large-scale data.
It's not these tiny clinical trials with 40,000 people in it.
This is large-scale data.
They don't look at it, Livio.
None of them look at it.
None of them publish it.
None of them analyze.
I mean, the UK did, but they did a really slip-shot job at it.
And then when they were asked by members of parliament to say, hey, you know, the resolution on your analysis was like pretty coarse.
How about finer grain resolution on your analysis?
And they said, pound sand.
The ONS told them that basically, you know,
Give them the finger.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
And, and people are just trying to distance themselves from COVID.
Now they're tired.
There's fatigue and trying to get back to a normal life.
And I, you know, you can't blame them, but it ain't over as far as I can tell.

[SPEAKER_03]
I'm just waiting for one health authority to look at their own data.
That's all I asked for.
One health authority to look at their own data.
Is that, is that too much to ask Livio?

[SPEAKER_02]
It is for them.
You know, that, that's my Christmas present.
Well, maybe by Christmas.
Maybe the surprise.
I also want to talk about next week's show because it's going to be a goodie.
Please join us again.
We're gonna have Zach Vorries, who will be joining us to discuss artificial intelligence.
Zach is a former Google employee and whistleblower who downloaded 950 pages of internal documents, describing Google censorship regime, and delivered them to the Department of Justice.
He also disclosed these documents to the public via Project Veritas in August of 2019.
You won't wanna miss this, it's gonna be a riveting show.
Yeah, that's gonna be good one, Steve.
And I'm going to sign up.

[SPEAKER_03]
Google censoring science?
They're not supposed to be doing any evil, right?

[SPEAKER_02]
When did they change their tagline?
I think they lost it somewhere.
Right.
It got left by the side of the road a while ago.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, evil's OK is the new tagline.

[SPEAKER_02]
Where are you?
How often do you use AI?
Oh, I use it all the time.
It's the best thing since sliced bread better than sliced bread.
What are the dangers all the time?
What's the downside?

[SPEAKER_03]
Oh, you know, I think the downside is that you can't necessarily rely on some of the things that it says.
But by and large, it's pretty accurate.
It's it's it's quite astonishing how you can have these large language modules that are
models that are just amazingly helpful.
I mean, it is like talking to the smartest person that you know, because you can ask any question on anything and get an intelligent answer, which is almost always correct.
Now, the only place it falls down on that I've seen, that where it really falls down, is in writing code.
I'll ask it to write some SQL queries and the SQL queries don't run.
Then you have to go and say, well, yeah, I got this error message from Oracle and they said, oh, my mistake.
Pardon me.
Let's try this again.
Sometimes you have to go through that a few times.
I think the code writing
can sometimes be quite accurate.
And by chat GPT, I found chat GPT's code to be quite accurate compared to Gemini's code.
But it depends on what you're asking them to code.
But in general, it's amazingly helpful.
It's like having an older brother who knows much more than you do and being able to converse with them and play in English and get answers.
It is such a marvelous technology.
And I'm sure the politicians will come in and mess it up, like they do for everything else.

[SPEAKER_02]
Oh, yes.
Yes.
We know that's coming.
I'd be, yeah.
I'm looking forward to the conversation next week, exactly.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
And by the way, I still haven't red-pilled any of these AI
uh, models, uh, including, uh, Venice, which is supposed to be sort of independent.
So I've, I've tried to say, Hey, look at the data on this and what do you think of that?
And it's like, yeah, but you know, the CDC has said that it's safe and effective.

[SPEAKER_02]
I mean, so that's, that's their program.
Are they, are you saying they're programmed?

[SPEAKER_03]
They can't say that Venice, Venice, uh, should be.
or Venice, I don't know how they pronounce it, but Venice, that's supposed to be independent.
It's not supposed to be programmed to repeat the propaganda.
And so I was surprised that even that language model would also be, I could not convince it to say, look at the evidence here, the shows are wrong, and it would not admit it.

[SPEAKER_02]
Did you ask why?
Why it won't look evidence?

[SPEAKER_03]
No, because it gives you the, it's just like a human being.
It says, you know, basically there's so many studies that show the vaccines are safe and effective.
And here's this one conflicting data point.
So that conflicting data point may be wrong, but I'm not sure how, how it is wrong.
I can't explain it for you.
But the evidence shows this and I'm not changing my, my, my tune.

[SPEAKER_02]
We've got a lot of work to do.
We've got a lot of work to do on that.
Well, I know you've got to run, but we're going to sign off with a clip from Dr. David Martin speaking with Maria Z and a clip of Russell Band, both talking about how the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that, and I want you to pick this up because I don't think this is written accurately, ruled that COVID vaccines do not qualify as actual vaccines.
What was your take on it?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, well, I don't look, I don't want to spread misinformation.
If I started spreading misinformation, I wouldn't be a misinformation super spreader.
I mean, it's kind of weird that way.
It's like, so you have to always tell the truth, or at least as best you know it.

[SPEAKER_02]
And what's the truth in this case right now?

[SPEAKER_03]
Okay.
So, so, so the truth in this case is that what happened is that the kid that they brought a case against the Los Angeles Unified School District and the case was dismissed by the judge.
And the judge said, look, these guys have the right to do that under this decision.
And the Ninth Circuit Appeals Court, which is three judges, reversed that decision.
And the reason they reversed that decision is they said, look, you can't dismiss a lawsuit
If, unless, you have to assume that the plaintiffs, that all of the plaintiff's allegations are true.
And if you believe that, if all the plaintiff's allegations are true, that the plaintiff cannot succeed in his suit.
If all his allegations are true, then you can dismiss the lawsuit.
And so the point is that the plaintiffs allege that this thing is not a vaccine.
Right.
And so that is something that the trial court needs to examine.
And the trial court can't just say, that's not it.
The plaintiffs are wrong.
The trial court has to say, well, even if the plaintiffs are right and it is a vaccine, then I can dismiss this.
And it's not a vaccine.
Sorry.

[SPEAKER_02]
Because it doesn't prevent transmission.

[SPEAKER_03]
But the point is that they allege that vaccines don't work and the court basically said, look, you have to assume that they're correct if you want to dismiss the judgment.
And if they are correct,
If they were correct that they are not vaccines, then LAUSD does not have the right to do what they did.
So you can't dismiss this case.
You have to hear it.
They did not say that this was not a vaccine.
They just said that these guys, the plaintiffs deserve their day in court to examine the question of whether these are vaccines or not.

[SPEAKER_02]
Very well clarified.
Thank you for clarifying that.
And when I close, we'll get David Martin's take and the way Russell Brandt's talking about it.
And I want to thank all of you viewers for being here this evening.
And again, if you enjoy the show and the work we're doing, vax80.org, donate or text VSRF to 53-555.
And we'll see you all here next week.
Have a great rest of your evening.

[SPEAKER_06]
Ironically, the left mainstream media and some of the alleged medical freedom movement are in lockstep on continuing to assert that somehow or another this thing is a vaccine.
So let's start with the facts that are obvious.
First of all, in April of 2020, both Pfizer, BioNTech and Moderna in their SEC filings unambiguously stated that mRNA is a, and I quote, experimental gene therapy.
That comes right out of their securities and exchange commission filings.
That is not Dave Martin's opinion.
That's not somebody else's opinion.
It is unambiguously what they said, which means that at the time that they were promoting what they were calling a vaccination.
What in fact was happening was rather than promoting a vaccination, they were in fact promoting an experimental gene therapy and they mislabeled it intentionally so that the public would be bamboozled into accepting it.
So let's be really clear, that's a crime that is actually domestic terrorism that was used to force people to take something that they would not otherwise take.
That's the definition of domestic terrorism and that's what it is.
Now, I have said many times, Maria, as you know, that this was a bio weapon because in 2005 at the DARPA MITRE conference, where Ralph Barrick made the statement that synthetic coronavirus fragments were, and I'm quoting right off of his CV, bio warfare enabling technology.
Maria, I don't know if down under you guys have a problem with the common use of English language, but bio warfare enabling technology sounds to me like bio weapon.
Yes.
And so it turns out that when you go and look at not only that, but then you go and look at this seven CFR
Part 331, definition of what selected agents and toxins are, which is the schedule of what a biological weapon is, it turns out that on that list, the spike protein associated with any modification of coronavirus is in fact a biological weapon.
That's the definition of the ruling.
This does not stimulate immunity.
the injection that was put into people's arms around the world, whether it came from Moderna or it came from Pfizer, instructs the human body to manufacture a scheduled toxin.
And then the hope is that you have a robust immune system that after having told your body to create a bioweapon, your body then complies with creating
an immunity to the thing you told your body to make.
And this is where Aaron's series interpretation is entirely in error, because the fact of the matter is, unlike the other things that he talks about in terms of injections, in this particular case, the injection is instructions to make the toxin, not instructions to stimulate an immune response.
And this is the subtle difference that I think the Ninth Circuit got very correct in their majority opinion.

[SPEAKER_04]
The ranks of the conspiracy theories now include the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals, which just ruled COVID-vax mandates unconstitutional because the vaccine does not stop transmission.
Now, I'd like to add to that that this was the period of
public shaming, they need to be called out and shamed brother of condemnation, of carnivals, committed carnivals of celebration of those medications, a massive rebranding of Pfizer and Moderna, etc.
from organizations that we understood
We're exploitative, but we're a necessary evil.
We've got to put up with Big Pharma.
Damn it, we need the diabetes meds.
We'll put up with the opioid crisis and the fact that hundreds of thousands of people died because of what appeared to be, and according to our court settlements, strongly suggested, our nefarious and irresponsible practices, the manipulation of physicians, all of that.
Suddenly, we were invited to see Big Pharma as heroes.
granted them legal indemnity, we permitted them to keep their records shut.
I mean, the whole thing was pretty crazy.
He continues, does Bobby?
I don't know, maybe it's the brainworn, but I seem to remember the experts and authorities telling us otherwise.
Rachel Volensky, our data from the CDC suggests that vaccinated people do not carry the virus, don't get sick.
Biden said, you won't get COVID if you get these vaccinations.
My God, even me, a person who spends a lot of time in these spaces, it's still surprising to be reminded
But Biden says you won't get COVID if you get these vaccinations.
Antony Fauci, we need people to take it to break the chain of transmission.
You want to be a dead end to the virus.
Wow, do you remember when he said when people start losing their freedoms, they'll drop their ideological bullshit?
Rachel Maddow, now we know that the vaccine works well enough that the virus stops with every vaccinated person.
Now we know that the vaccines work well enough that the virus stops with every vaccinated person.
All of that was fake news.
All of that was malinformation.
All the time that those statements were being publicly conveyed and amplified, you were being censored if you had concerns.
If you were a member of the vaccine hesitant, you were condemned.
