[SPEAKER_07]
Slurpery

[SPEAKER_06]
Even for so long As I have wandered through this world As each moment has unburnt I've been waiting to awaken from these dreams People go just where they will
It's later than it seems.

[SPEAKER_07]
Doctor, my eyes can tell me what you see.
I hear them cry, but you're saying it's too late.
I cannot see the sky This is the pride For having learned town not to cry

[SPEAKER_03]
Tonight on VSRF Live, we sit down with one of the most pioneering and dedicated visionaries in health today, Dr. Alan Goldhammer.
As founder of True North Health Center, he is deeply committed to helping people stuck in self-destructive cycles reclaim their ability to change their lives.

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, health results from healthful living.
So if you want to be healthy, you got to pay the price and live healthfully.
That means diet.
Our particular version is a whole plant food SOS free diet.
Other people have different opinions, but a healthy diet, hopefully, regular exercise within your capacity.
Abundant sleep so developing the ability to get to sleep in a cool dark and quiet place and maintain good sleep hygiene fast every day for 12 to 16 hours fast occasionally as appropriate and try to figure out strategies to minimize stress perhaps by Only focusing on the things you can do something about and not worrying about the things that you have no potential to control

[SPEAKER_03]
Good evening, everyone, and welcome to another episode of VSRF Live.
I'm your host, Livio Sanchez, and we have an incredibly informative show lined up for you tonight.
There is a chronic disease epidemic, not just in the United States, but globally, 3 billion people suffer from chronic diseases.
In the United States alone, 70% of adults are overweight, with 40% being obese.
Joining us tonight to tell us how we got here and show us what we can do to reverse course is the remarkable Dr. Alan Goldhammer.
Dr. Goldhammer is the founder of True North Health Foundation located in Santa Rosa, California.
True North is a cutting-edge facility offering a range of services from medical and chiropractic care to psychotherapy, counseling, and holistic treatments like massage and body work.
True North played a vital role in healing our very own Nurse Angela, who turned to them after experiencing a COVID vaccine injury.
She credits True North with saving her life.
Through water fasting and guided support at True North, Nurse Angela was able to heal her vaccine-induced autoimmune conditions and even got off all of her cardiac medications.
She is forever grateful for the help she received.
Before we bring on our guest, I want to thank all of you loyal VSRF followers for showing up every week.
We cannot do what we do without your support as our work relies solely on donations.
We have some new offerings coming up.
Starting next week, we are going to have some fun.
We're going to have some exciting raffles coming up to help raise funds for VSRF.
Please help support us and donate today.
Every donation helps.
And all donations are tax deductible.
Thank you for your continued support.
I'm just going to flash a little banner at the bottom so you can know where to send your donations and how to get to them.
And then also before we bring on Dr. Goldhammer, Steve Kirsch will be joining us after Dr. Goldhammer's presentation during the Q&A.
And please make sure to put your questions all caps in the chat, and we will try to get to as many as possible.
And now without any further ado, I want to bring on our very special guest,
Dr. Alan Goldhammer, how are you this evening, sir?
Thank you for coming on VSRF Live.

[SPEAKER_01]
I'm doing great.
I'm glad to be here.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, I'm thrilled to have you here.
I'm going to read your bio for those that don't know too much about you.
So let me get this done here.
I am honored to welcome you.
For the past 35 years, Dr. Alan Goldhammer has been the director of True North Health Center, a multi-discipline, 70-bed, inpatient facility, specializing in medically supervised water-only fasting in the treatment of high blood pressure, type 2 diabetes, autoimmune disorders, and lymphoma.
Over 20,000 patients have undergone fasting of five to 40 days at True North, and over 300 doctors have participated in True North's internship and residency training programs.
I want to start by actually noting that you and I have, I think, something in common in earlier in our lives that helped motivate us or inspire us.
basketball, right?
I think there's something in the story that I saw that that a challenge in basketball helped you sort of navigate your way towards fasting.
Is that correct or veganism?

[SPEAKER_01]
It's still an active part of my life.
I still play four days a week.
So you know, it's important, important to keep me moving.

[SPEAKER_03]
Oh, good on you.
I stopped playing a few years ago.
But I still want to get it back.
Tell me, how long have you been a vegan for?

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, I've been a vegan since I was 16.
So that's what is that 49 years?

[SPEAKER_03]
Wow.
Wow.
Amazing.
And were you eating animal or meat or anything up until then?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, I was raised on a fairly traditional, quote, healthy diet that had fruits and vegetables, but also animal foods, but decided at 16 to do an experiment.
And actually, it was really around trying to be a better basketball player that drove me to start reading about health.
I came across a book by Shelton who said that health was the result of healthful living, that health had causes just like diseases had causes.
So if you did the things that caused health, that tended to be the outcome.
And so I thought it would give me an edge in basketball.
I don't think it really did, but I'm still, at least I'm still playing it.

[SPEAKER_03]
Amazing that you're still playing it.
And how's your jump shot?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, my jump shot is good.
I've learned as you get older, you have to shoot farther and farther away though, because you lose some of the speed and strength that you might have had in youth.
So you have to make up for it with hopefully being a little more clever.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, well, experience does help.
Well, you have for us tonight a PowerPoint presentation going through your entire True North program, and then some.
Is that correct?
Is that my understanding?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, I've got a lot of information to share with you.
We are a 5133 nonprofit research-based organization, and we have done a lot of original research.
We've got over 20 papers published in the peer-reviewed literature.
And, you know, tonight, a lot of the information I'm giving you is actually based on our own original research.

[SPEAKER_03]
Fantastic.
Well, I'm going to step aside.
I just want to remind everyone, as Dr. Goldhammer goes along, put your questions in the chat, all caps.
And at the end of the presentation, Steve Kirsch and I will be back and we'll start off some Q&A.
So without further ado, Alan, I'm going to leave you with the floor.

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, thank you very much.
I wanted to start off this evening talking about really a hidden force that undermines health and happiness.
And we talk about this force as a concept called the pleasure trap.
The pleasure trap, or a pleasure trap, is any time that
The neurochemical dopamine is artificially stimulated.
Dopamine is the neurochemical associated with pleasure.
When you artificially stimulate that, you can get into a cascade of problems that creates serious difficulties.
You know, the most obvious example of a pleasure trap is actually drug addiction.
You know, we know there's chemicals that people can take, things like cocaine,
methamphetamines, alcohol, caffeine, et cetera, that artificially stimulate dopamine in the brain.
So the more dopamine is produced, the more pleasure.
The problem is it's an artificial stimulation of dopamine, so it can ultimately lead to addiction, the hallmark of which is withdrawal.
So now you're taking a substance not just to try to feel good, but you have to keep taking it to avoid feeling very bad.
And it turns out there's actually chemicals that can be put into feed, for example,
that artificially stimulate that same dopamine, and the consequence of these chemicals that are put in the feed is it leads to systemic overeating.
So, for example, if you take rat rodents and you give them ad libitum rodentiae, they'll get to a certain size.
If you put these chemicals in their feed, they can gain as much as 49% of their body weight in 60 days.
If you put the same chemicals in the feed of birds, they'll get so fat they can't fly.
And it turns out it works in people too.
If you put these chemicals in the feed of people, they will get bigger and bigger.
And the chemicals that you can put in the feed that fool the satiety mechanisms and lead to the dietary pleasure trap are salt, oil, and sugar.
Salt, oil, and sugar are not food.
They're hyper concentrated components of food that are added back to food to stimulate dopamine production to make the food taste better.
That's what tasting better actually means from a biochemical standpoint.
So when you put salt, oil, and sugar in food, it overrides the satiety mechanisms that normally regulate how much people eat and people get fat.
Now, the problem is that people think of being overweight as a cosmetic issue, rather than understanding it's actually a major dominant health issue.
Because not only are you gaining adipose tissue, but you're gaining a particular type of fat called visceral fat.
And on average, people have about 10% of their total fat is in the form of visceral fat, which tends to accumulate around the belly and in the organs.
And visceral fat is hypertrophic.
It's hyperplastic and not hypermetabolic.
It produces inflammation.
It is essentially acting like a tumor.
And if you went up to somebody and said, hey, you know, you've got a two pound abdominal tumor that's giving off things like IL-6 and TNL-Alpha and inflammatory products, they would understandably be concerned.
But if you're overweight and you have excess visceral fat, that's exactly what's going on in your system.
And in fact, that visceral fat and the inflammation associated with it contributes to cardiovascular disease, high blood pressure, autoimmune diseases, type two diabetes and cancer.
Now, what's kind of interesting to me is that these diseases, these leading contributing causes of death and disability are treated as if they're completely independent entities.
In fact, when you think about it, you have to go to different kinds of doctors just to be diagnosed and treated for these conditions.
And yet they all have one thing in common.
They're all associated with the inflammation that's associated with visceral fat.
The higher your visceral fat, the more vulnerable you are to develop those conditions.
If you take salt, oil, and sugar and put it on some kind of food staple like potatoes, you go from something that has 500 calories a pound
which is potato, it's 2,500 calories a pound, which is potato chips.
And when you put potato chips into the body of the individual that their brain says, oh, this is good, because that brain of that person evolved in an environment of scarcity.
And in the environment of scarcity, getting enough to eat, not getting eaten, figuring out how to get as much to eat as possible was the biological imperative of life.
So your brain is designed for an environment of scarcity.
It's designed as an energy detection device.
The higher the caloric density, typically, the more you're going to like the food because the more dopamine is going to be secreted when you eat it.
So if you're eating 2,500-carry-pound food and your brain is going, oh, yes, this is great, and then try to give it, say, 150-carry-pound food, something like broccoli, your brain is going to ask you what happened to the chips.
The consequence of a diet based on salt, oil, and sugar is that people eating those chemicals become overweight and in fact 72% of the population living in industrialized societies are now overweight or obese.
And that overweight or obesity is, in fact, one of the major contributing factors, not just to the chronic degenerative diseases that people experience, but also to acute diseases.
If you look at the data on COVID-19, for example, one of the big vulnerabilities to death from COVID or influenza or other infectious diseases, how much overweight are you?
How much visceral fat do you have?
Once you're overweight, it becomes exceedingly difficult to escape that pleasure trap.
In fact, if you think about pleasure traps in general, like, for example, alcohol and alcoholism, we know it's really hard for alcoholics to quit drinking.
And in fact, only 18% of alcoholics that go through inpatient program go to 90 visits in 90 days and have family support will be able to quit even for just one year.
That means there's an 82% failure rate for alcohol treatment programs.
If you're a heroin addict,
There's only a 10% chance, even with court mandated inpatient care, that you will be able to remain free of heroin for a year.
That means there's a 90% failure rate.
But if you're overweight and want to lose just 5% of your body weight and keep it off for a year, we know that only 5% of people under any of the traditionally available weight loss strategies are able to do that.
That means there's a 95% failure rate.
And what's even more startling is if you have a BMI over 40.
So in other words, instead of being, say, 30 pounds of weight, you're like 100 pounds of weight.
The chance of you ever losing that and achieving a healthy weight, if you're a male, is 1 in 1290.
And if you're a female, it's 1 in 167, which means weight loss has a 99.99% failure rate, which means if you're a physician advising patients, you have a better chance of helping a person overcome heroin addiction than you do lose weight and keep it off.
Question comes up.
What percentage of Americans are actually living reasonably healthy?
That is, they are active.
They don't have to be an Olympic athlete, but they're active.
They don't smoke.
They eat a conventionally determined healthy diet.
That means, you know, we're not talking about a vegan, SOS-free diet like we might be advocating today, but just eating, you know,
Some fruits and vegetables lean meat, it's not eating highly processed refined carbohydrates.
And if you're a male, have 20% or less of your total body being fat and if you're a female, less than 25%.
What percentage of Americans meet these four most basic, generally accepted concepts of healthy living?
It turns out it's 2.7%.
That means 97.3% of people do not do even those four most basic things.
I always wondered, what does that 0.3% person look like?
This is a map of the United States, and it's the self-reported obesity amongst the United States adults.
And you'll notice on the West Coast,
25 to 35% of adults on average are obese.
Now this is not just overweight.
This is actual clinical obesity.
That would be at least 30 pounds overweight and a five foot four person or more.
And you notice in the Midwest and Midwest and East, we're running 35 to 45% obesity saturation.
This map comes from the CDC, the Center for Disease Control, and you can tell the people at the CDC are what you call optimists.
Because if you look at the graph here, you notice
They put 50% on the graph, even though nobody has quite made the breakthrough to 50%.
No state quite has the majority of their people having achieved obesity.
Although some of these states here like Louisiana, Oklahoma, West Virginia are getting really close.
And the CDC was so optimistic that they went ahead and put it on the graph just anticipating somebody was going to make the breakthrough any day now to actually have achieved the majority of people
having achieved obesity.
Now remember these maps underestimate obesity because these are self-reported obesity and it turns out people lie and they always lie saying they're thinner than they are not that they're heavier than they are.
And I want to point out there's only one state left in the entire United States whose obesity saturation is below 25%, which is Washington DC.
And that means the people that live in Washington DC are the smallest overeaters in the country or the biggest liars.
93% of all of the calories consumed by people living in industrialized countries comes from either animal foods, that's meat, fish, fat, eggs, or dairy products, or highly processed pleasure trap chemicals, which is oil, salt, sugar, and highly refined carbohydrates, which means 7% of calories
come from fruits and vegetables, but a third of that is potatoes and those are served mostly as french fries and potato chips.
Fruits and vegetables are now the decoration on the plate.
They're the parsley that the people don't eat or the ketchup on your kids' school lunch program.
And as a consequence, the leading cause of death in disability in the United States are heart disease, cancer, and stroke.
And we spend billions and billions and billions of dollars treating the consequences of this dietary excess in the form of heart disease, cancer, and stroke.
But we do it with treatments that are surprisingly ineffective at reducing all-cause mortality.
or improving the quality of people's lives.
They're incredibly expensive and largely ineffective.
What I think we should do, in my opinion, is refocus our energies and our resources in treating the actual causes of death.
And that is the reason people get heart disease, cancer, and stroke.
And the actual causes of death are smoking tobacco products, drinking alcoholic beverages, and eating a diet dominated by animal foods and highly processed refined carbohydrates.
What we do as a society is encourage people to eat health food.
Things like olive oil and red wine and dark chocolate and coffee and products white meat and diet sodas and, you know, Atkins paleo type high protein, high fat diets.
What I think would be a better solution might be focusing on healthy foods, which have nothing to do with health food.
Things like fruits and vegetables, grains, legumes, nuts and seeds, a whole plant food diet free.
of the chemicals that make people fat, sick and miserable, which are salt, oil and sugar.
So the solution is, let's adopt a whole-plant food diet free of salt, oil, and sugar.
We talk about SOS-free diet because SOS stands for the International Symbol of Danger, but also the chemicals added to food, the salt, oil, and sugar.
Sleep, one of our most important activities, could be enhanced by not eating three to four hours before we go to bed each night.
And by doing that, that ensures we're gonna get between 12 and 16 hours of fasting every day.
and having a seven to eight hour feeding window which may reduce the tendency towards overeating and particularly overeating late at night where food tends to be converted to fat rather than oxidized.
And the third component is exercise where we get some movement on a regular basis to maintain strength flexibility as well as endurance.
It's diet, sleep and exercise that make the difference at building health.
I think that's where we need to be focusing.
Specifically on the diet, as I said, it would be fruits and vegetables, grains, legumes, nuts and seeds, a whole plant food SOS-free diet.
And I want you to think about this.
For 200,000 years that modern humans have been around, we ate stuff that looked a lot like this.
And then for the last 200 years since the Industrial Revolution, we've eaten stuff that looks like this.
I want you to look at the next picture and look really, really carefully to tell me if you can see the difference.
because the difference between the diet we ate for 200,000 years and the diet we've been eating for 200 years is the reason why we have the obesity and the extra weight and therefore the visceral fat and thus the inflammation that leads to diseases that used to be rare.
They used to be called the diseases of kings because it was actually only the wealthy elite kings that could eat the diets that caused the obesity that led to the gout and the heart disease.
And the cancer right now, of course, it's ubiquitous because even people of limited means can get access to highly processed foods and they can develop this problem.
It's not a very encouraging message so far.
I've told you that the majority of people are addicted to the artificial stimulation of dopamine, that 72% of people are overweight or obese, and that people are sick and suffering and dying, and that the chances of escaping the dietary pleasure trap are exceptionally low using conventional approaches, which essentially the conventional approach is to tell people, well, eat less.
or change the color of your meat from red to white or eat low fat versions of the same hyper concentrated foods that are fooling your society mechanisms and we know that that doesn't work.
In fact, if you told alcoholics to just drink beer and wine or you told alcoholics to put their alcohol in a smaller cup,
or to drink the cup with a spoon and put the spoon down between each slurp and they wouldn't be a drunk anymore, we know that 99.99% of alcoholics would fail.
We know the truth is that alcoholics have to do something really radical.
Radical is radical, it comes from the word that means root or cause.
They have to completely stop drinking.
That's the only thing that seems to work.
And it turns out that when you have overweight people and you tell them to just eat less of the same hyper-processed foods, their failure rate is just like alcoholics would be 99.99%.
What we need to do is start telling people the truth that not everybody can handle the artificial stimulation of dopamine in their brain that comes from chemicals added to their food like salt, oil, and sugar, and the answer is to stop it.
We don't want to do that, and therefore our failure rate is unfortunately very high.
But there is a very ancient practice that's available that we found to be very helpful.
It is helping people escape the pleasure trap.
Whether it's the pleasure trap of drugs, smoking, drinking, drugs, etc., or it's the pleasure trap in the form of the dietary pleasure trap.
And that ancient technique is actually fasting.
And it's interesting, you know, I've been involved with fasting professionally for 40 years since I started practice.
And it's interesting because now fasting has been gaining some notoriety.
There's been a lot of research published.
Much of it is on a form of fasting called intermittent fasting, involving various varieties of things, alternate day, twice weekly, fasting, mimicking diets, time-restricted feeding.
And all of these approaches are essentially trying to mimic some of the benefits of fasting to help people avoid overeating and to extend their lives and reverse their diseases.
There's a more extreme version, water only fasting, which we use at the True North Health Center, where we fast people up to 40 days on water only.
And I'm going to be talking to you about particularly that type of fasting right now, because that's the type of fasting that we do at True North Health Center and we have been publishing a date on that I'm going to be sharing with you.
This type of prolonged water only fasting is the complete absence of all substances except water
in an environment of complete rest.
This rest is kind of an important part of fasting because if you're very active during prolonged water only fasting, you actually increase gluconeogenesis, which is how you mobilize protein stores in order to get the glucose needed to continue to function.
So in resting, what happens is, as you'll learn, you prioritize the burning of fat and conserve vital lean tissue reserves.
There are a number of things that happen to humans when they go through water-only fasting.
One thing is, of course, weight loss.
You lose about a pound a day.
And as we'll learn from Dexascan or studies that we've done, the majority of this weight is going to end up being fat and visceral fat, and lean tissues are going to be preserved.
You also go through a natural process where you selectively eliminate the excess sodium in the body that has some really nasty consequences.
Excess salt in the body increases blood volume and therefore blood pressure.
It causes non-wounds to have difficulty healing.
It leads to congestive heart failure, etc.
The body selectively eliminates that natural recess in the fluid that goes along with it.
Detoxification also occurs preferentially in fasting.
Some people are so worried that the body detoxifies so intensely in fasting that it might be dangerous unless you take the proprietary products.
But in any case, we found that this detoxification, this mobilization and elimination of these exogenous products
like PCB, dioxin, pesticide residues, et cetera, especially chemicals including drugs, as well as normal intermediary products of metabolism are mobilized and eliminated.
Some of these products are not necessarily toxic per se, but when there's too much of them,
They can certainly interfere with function.
For example, if you plug up your blood vessels with fat, fat itself isn't a toxin, but it certainly creates problems when there's too much of it in the wrong place.
Those processes are rapidly mobilized and limited during fasting.
The enzymes you use to mobilize toxins as well as to mobilize macronutrients are induced during fasting and they persist after fasting.
So you're not only getting better at detoxifying while you're actually fasting, but in the days, weeks and months after fasting,
Because of these induced enzyme systems that persist, you're more effective and efficient at detoxifying in the time after fasting.
Insulin is the hormone that drives sugar from the bloodstream into the cells where it's needed to be the primary fuel.
Insulin resistance leads to conditions like diabetes mellitus where the blood sugar levels rise because the body can't transport it into the cells.
Insulin resistance is reversed during fasting, which is likely why we have such good results in type 2 diabetics in terms of normalizing their blood sugar levels without the need for ongoing exogenous medications.
The gut is a tunnel that goes from your mouth ultimately to your rectum and anus.
Digestion essentially is shoving in things in one hole and then pushing it out another hole after hopefully the micronutrients have been absorbed by the body.
The problem is when people are eating a diet that's rich in animal foods and refined carbohydrates, they get inflammatory products, especially their accumulation of visceral fat that leads to inflammation and damage of the microbiome.
As a consequence, people can leak materials through inflamed-type junctions, which is called gut leakage.
those proteins can trigger the immune system and vulnerable people to attack itself.
That's essentially what contributes to autoimmune diseases, etc., which may be why we see such good results with fasting and various types of autoimmune disease.
And ultimately we'll find other inflammatory conditions like long COVID or people that have had vaccine injuries, etc., often respond because the consequences
of those injuries or often inflammatory nature and lead to damages, not the least of which involve gut leakage.
Also, of course, what you put in your mouth profoundly affects not only the health of your gut, but also what type of organisms live in your gut.
In a healthy patient on a plant-based diet, they're going to have a thousand different stream of organisms peacefully coexisting and maintaining balance with each other in the intestinal tract.
People, for example, that eat high amounts of animal food have a completely different bacterial strains in their gut, and their waste products are different.
When you think about a trillion creatures, maybe five pounds of organisms living in your gut, eating, drinking, and defecating inside you, what your gut microorganisms poo in you can vary.
People that eat large amounts of animal food have high amounts of TMA, which is Tremethamin oxidase, which is very inflammatory and maybe why animal food eaters have so much higher incidence of bowel cancer, etc.
You also have a profound effect on the autonomic nervous system tone.
For example, if you go out running and your heart didn't speed up and you didn't pump more blood, you would ultimately die.
People don't die because they forget to tell their heart to speed up.
It does it automatically.
And that automatic mechanism is controlled by the autonomic or automatic nervous system.
It has two parts, the sympathetic and parasympathetic.
They work in balance with each other.
And if they get out of balance and one part becomes too high, for example, if you're a hypersympathetic Tony, if your sympathetic tone is too high, you might get symptoms of things the nervous system controls like bowel function.
For example, people with high sympathetic tone have constipation.
people with high parasympathetic tone may have diarrhea.
And so this imbalance of the autonomic nervous system creates lots of symptoms and problems people have.
And we've invented hundreds of healing systems to try to rebalance the autonomic nervous system.
If you think about it, that's how a lot of natural therapies work, whether it's chiropractic manipulation, osteopathic manipulation, homeopathy, biofeedback, massage, relaxation techniques, meditation, et cetera.
These different processes
have their impact on the body largely to the degree that they help rebalance the autonomic nervous system.
And in my experience, one of the most powerful ways of balancing the autonomic nervous system is fasting.
It kind of works like if you take a computer with a hard drive that's been corrupted, you don't know why it's not working, but just shut the thing off, you turn it back on, and lo and behold, it's working again.
You may not know exactly the mechanism, but rebooting the hard drive works.
And essentially, that's what fasting seems to be doing in the bodies.
Many of the bodies' biological systems, it's kind of rebooting the hard drive, so to speak.
Isn't it interesting that the Jews, the Jains, the Hindus, the Muslims, the Buddhists, and the Christians don't seem to agree on everything?
But they do all agree on one thing.
They all have a tradition about the importance of fasting, both for spiritual as well as for physical benefits.
The immune system is a critical part of, you know, protecting yourself from infectious disease, dealing with infectious disease, but also dealing with chronic disease like cancer.
And an important part of the immune system was highlighted by Yoshinori Oshumi with his Nobel Prize in Medicine in 2016.
And he studied autophagy, or autophagy, the body's ability to eat up cancer cells and get rid of and recycle.
aging cells and this whole process of autophagy turns out to be critically important at cancer prevention and treatment as well as dealing with infectious disease.
Autophagy, it turns out, is profoundly influenced during fasting.
And that may be one of the reasons why many of these chronic problems that are so difficult to heal in the fed state seem to have facilitated healing in the fasting state.
And of course, taste adaptation is a critical part of obesity
When people become addicted to the dietary pleasure trap, they have difficulty enjoying whole natural foods.
Whole natural foods become undesirable, and the highly stimulating drug-like effect of highly processed foods become, you know, the addictive preference.
Well, in fasting, your body goes through profound taste and irritation.
As I said, it's kind of like rebooting the hard drive on a computer.
And in making this change, good foods,
start to taste good.
One of the experiences I had, we became a fully covered benefit for one of the big labor unions in California, and one of the first persons they sent me was a gentleman whose blood pressure was 220 over 120, capped out on five medications, had 75 pounds of obesity, and
He was told to come to us so we could normalize his blood pressure, resolve his diabetes so he could go back to work.
When they sent him to us, they forgot to tell him what the nature of the program was.
So you can imagine when he came to our facility that specializes in medically supervised fasting, he was a little bit concerned.
He was trying to convince me that he wasn't sick, that his condition was well controlled with his multiple medications.
I tried to explain to me was sick that in fact that the way he was going he was going to be dying.
He said that he thought everybody died and so he wasn't sure why that was a problem.
I told him that the 813 medications and the 850 dollars a month he was spending on medications could be saved.
He told me he wasn't worried about the medications because his union paid for his drugs.
So, you know, I was obviously concerned because I didn't want to strike out with the first patient that Union had sent me to try to help them.
And I thought about it and I realized that maybe we take a different approach with him and, you know, I asked him about his little problem.
It turns out he had some significant erectile dysfunction.
I told him that, you know, if we got him healthy, we might be able to do something about his erectile dysfunction.
And then his attitude changed, and he asked me why the hell I didn't just say so.
And he was telling about his diet, and it turned out he was a triple cheeseburger guy.
He said he would eat burgers like this twice a day, at least.
And he said he was always real careful if they put any lettuce on there, though he'd take that off because he didn't eat rabbit food.
So I knew I was going to have a little bit of a problem with him.
And so we decided we were going to help work him
with some fasting to help him, but we had to feed him first.
We tried to feed him some fruits and vegetables and whole natural foods, but he literally couldn't eat it.
He was choking on the food.
And I asked him what the problem was that I said, it looks like he was having trouble with the food.
He said, what food?
He said, this is not food.
He said, this is disgusting, tasteless.
Well, if he had to eat like food like that, he'd rather just die.
In fact, he told me to go out to his truck and get his 12 gauge and just shoot him in the head when he wasn't looking.
But we checked him in.
He ended up fasting 26 days.
He lost 50 pounds.
He normalized his blood pressure and his blood sugar level.
And the most exciting thing was afterwards, we fed him some of the same kind of food he was eating, choking on in the beginning.
He was actually able to eat it.
And I actually sat him down, I said, it looks like you're doing better with the food now.
And at first he said, yeah, your damn chef's finally got the hang of it.
And I explained to him, it was the same food he had when he came in.
He said, no, no, no, that was disgusting.
He said, this food's not bad.
And so, you know, I know this guy wouldn't have complied for a meal if we just gave him a piece of paper and said, eat a good diet.
But after fasting, good food tastes good.
And that's really one of the, I think, big benefits of fasting is when you have addicts, it's hard for them to give up their addiction after fasting, whether it's smoking or drinking, or whether it's eating highly processed refined carbohydrates.
It's more possible to get people to go along with the health promoting habits.
Now, there's a lot of changes that happen physiologically and fasting.
It's been well studied.
Some things go down like glucose and insulin and IGF-1 and leptin and the lower your IGF-1, the lower your leptin, the less inflammation you're going to have the longer you're going to live.
Blood pressure and heart rate goes down.
mTOR goes down, that's mammalian target Rampomycin, and in the lower your mTOR, the higher the autophagy.
That may be why autophagy does so well after fasting.
The microbial load, as I said, you get a rebooting of the gut microbiome, the inflammatory markers go down, inflammation in general, and all of the symptoms associated with metabolic syndrome seem to resolve with fasting.
Now, not everything goes down.
Some things go up.
Things like adenopectin and ghrelin and AMPK go up.
And that increases mitochondrial biogenesis.
The actual production of the energy producing components inside the cells seem to be enhanced during fasting, which may be why some of these people suffering with chronic fatigue and other problems seem to do so well.
BHP is beta hydroxybutyric acid.
That's the fuel your brain burns when you're fasting.
It changes from burning glucose
to burning fat, and particularly beta-hydroxybutyric acid.
It turns out the higher your BHB, that is beta-hydroxybutyric acid, the more BDNF your brain produces.
BDNF is brain-derivative neurotrophic factor, and that's what prevents your brain from getting oxidative damage.
and causing Alzheimer's.
In rats, for example, when they give 30 rats that are genetically bred in two different sections, exactly the same diets, but one half of the rats are given a wheel so they can exercise, the rats with the wheel will exercise and they don't get rat Alzheimer's disease.
And they realize it's because the higher BDNF level protects the rat brain.
So there's two things that increase BDNF in humans, one is exercise, the other is fasting.
In fact, it's interesting, many of the things that go up with fasting also go up in exercise, and which obviously very different activities, fasting, your resting, exercise, your vigorously active, and yet they both are reducing the consequence of dietary excess.
So it's not surprising that exercising fasting has some of the same biochemical parameter changes, because they're both getting rid of the fat, which gets rid of the visceral fat, which gets rid of the inflammation,
that's causing the leading cause of death and debility.
As I mentioned, cellular stress resistance and adaptation go up in fasting.
That recognizes the fact that cancer cells don't like a fasting state, a high ketogenic environment, a high fat environment.
puts cancer cells at a selective disadvantage, because they have high metabolic needs that need a high glucose environment and a high fat environment.
What happens is they can't compete as well with the immune system or even chemotherapy.
And so chemotherapy patients that are doing intermittent fasting have less side effects and better clinical efficacy.
In fact, when Vulture Longo published that paper showing 30 rats in cages with cancer,
Equal cancers, genetically bred rats, half the rats are given enough chemotherapy to kill, the cancer cells, all the rats die, the other half are fasted.
With the same chemotherapy, the same cancer, all 30 rats survive dramatically enhancing cancer-free survival.
In fact, in Journal of Metabolism 2015, Walter Longos quote is, the combination of fasting and chemotherapy results in dramatically higher cancer-free survival than chemotherapy alone.
When this information started coming out, fasting went from being criminal quackery to cutting edge research because pharmaceutical companies recognize that fasting can enhance the effect of their chemicals and minimize some of the damage that happens from these treatments in patients that are having to undergo therapy.
And so now they're actively trying to come up with a recall fasting mimicking drugs.
That is something they can sell that will have an effect on the body similar to what fasting does, but without that nasty fasting.
So the question of course is,
is fasting safe?
It turns out it is.
And we did the first fasting safety study.
I was published in BMC 2018.
Five years of patients undergoing medically supervised fasting, documenting all of the adverse events that occur from the common terminology criteria for adverse events.
We find that most of the adverse events were these mild symptoms you'd expect in fasting headache.
low back pain irritability, skin rashes, etc., as the body detoxifies.
There's no death.
There's almost no serious events.
Most of this was hyponutrient.
If sodium gets low, of course, you have to break the fast.
Not a problem unless, of course, you're not monitoring fasting properly.
Relative contraindications to fasting, not everybody should fast.
It's very important before people pass that history, exam, lab, and monitoring be done to make sure that only appropriate patients are fasting.
If you're pregnant, lactating, if you have anorexia, your nervosa, if you're a diabetic, if you've had a recent stroke and are on anticoagulant therapy, if you have severe kidney disease or genetic defects like porphyria or MCAD, which is medium chain acetylquins, MA dehydrogenous deficiency, you wouldn't be able to break down fatty acids, fasting wouldn't be for you.
If you're deficient, depleted, or catechic, if you're not able to discontinue medications, fasting may not be for you.
It's important people understand they don't fast on most medications.
Medications can be potentiated during fast and create a lot of problems that they might not even cause during the feeding state.
And if you can't rest, you shouldn't fast because you'll end up breaking down your lean tissue instead of your essential vital proteins.
Conditions that are favorable to fasting, not surprisingly, are the conditions associated with dietary excess.
So obesity, visceral fat, blood pressure, type 2 diabetes, lymphoma, and other types of cancer, GI imbalances, autoimmune diseases like rheumatoid arthritis, and ankylosing spondylitis, ulcerative colitis, et cetera.
End dependence, toxicity, fatigue, and chronic pain.
Fasting duration ranges from 2 to 40 days.
Average fast is one to three weeks.
Some patients need to do multiple fasting.
Not everything resolves in a single pass, so they may not have reserves to go through a single pass.
We published a fascinating paper in the British Medical Journal.
on water-only fasting exclusively plant foods diet in the management of stage 3a low-grade follicular lymphoma.
This patient had a 20 or had a two-year history of progressive lymph cancer and although her doctors told her that diet didn't matter and that fasting was criminal quackery, she decided to undergo 21 days of water-only fasting at the Truman Health Center, had dramatic improvement of resolution of her tumor masses and
Then we were able to follow this up with a whole plant food diet and she was diligent patient.
In fact, I told her that she had to stick to the diet or it could be fatal because I would track her down and kill her.
And I think she believed me because she stuck to the diet thoroughly and we got a three-year follow-up that we also published in the British Medical Journal that showed she wasn't fast.
had maintained herself cancer-free.
We made her go back, rubbed her success in her oncologist face every year, and then at 10 years, we were able to bring her back and show 10-year history cancer-free.
Now, since then, and she happened to go public with her story, we've treated dozens of patients with lymphoma.
And now we've recently published a case series, additional cases.
This gentleman actually had undergone medical treatment and failed, of course, as it often does.
And then we brought him back in.
And despite his failed chemotherapy, he did respond well to fasting.
And in fact, we got another patient with an even more
severe version of fasting and he underwent 21 days of fasting against his oncologist recommendations but he did so well that at three months the oncologist encouraged him to return and so after our initial 21 day fast he went from here to here and then we brought him back and did a 39 day water only fast with a whole plant food follow-up and he went from here to here and
to hear.
And I actually just saw this gentleman.
This is a part of a case series that's now been published.
It's been accepted for publication in the peer-reviewed literature.
It'll be coming out actually in about a month.
But on this particular gentleman, I just spoke to him.
We've got new CT scans.
He's actually continued to do very well.
Sometimes benign lesions still can be annoying.
This is a facial keratosis.
This patient came in to treat high blood pressure, which resolved, but also as a side effect that that tumor also fell off, which was great, avoided having to have surgical excision.
We did a study looking at body composition during fasting.
We used a DEXA scanner.
We took patients that underwent fasting for a couple of weeks or so, and you'll see they lost 8.7% of their total weight, total body mass, but they lost 17.8% of their fat and almost 40% of their visceral fat.
The body preferentially mobilizes visceral fat because visceral fat, like tumors, the body doesn't want.
So if you can lose 10% of your body fat, you won't lose 10% of your breast tumor.
You might lose 50% of your breast tumor or all of your breast tumor.
And meanwhile, they lost 6% of their lean tissue, but importantly, at six week follow-up, all of this lean tissue and then some was recovered.
Their percentage of their total body
from lean mass was actually higher at six weeks follow-up than it was at baseline.
But what continued to come off was the fat.
And so even though they're gaining weight, water, fiber, glycogen, and protein, they continued to lose fat.
In this particular study, we looked at healthy people.
We said, what happens to healthy people that fast?
And as healthy, as helpful as fasting is in sick people, as percentage wise, the percentage of changes in healthy people actually is higher than sick people.
So people starting off at a good weight are actually at an even better weight at six we follow up.
People that start off with normal blood pressure, blood pressure is even healthier at follow up.
Total weight continues to go down, but lean tissue as you see recovers.
This was a patient that had actually a lesion.
They weren't sure what type of tumor it was.
They needed to do a biopsy, but it was in a delicate space.
The guy they wanted to do the biopsy wasn't available right away.
So in the month that we had, we took this person who had retroperitoneal mass, hydronephrosis, urectasis, had kidney cysts.
We put them through fasting of 13 days, 11 days of feeding.
18 days of fallout, they dropped their weight, they dropped their BMI, they dropped their blood pressure.
And what's interesting is by the time they were ready to go to the biopsy, there wasn't enough mass left for anything to biopsy.
So it saved them having to have that procedure because they resolved it with fasting.
This patient was a dentist who suffered a post-traumatic brain injury.
Dural tear had constant daily head pain for 16 years.
16 years of 8 out of 10 to 10 out of 10 pain every minute of every day for 16 years.
Underwent 41 days of fasting, got significant improvement, recovered, did a second 40-day fast six months later, and now we have five-year tenure and actually even further follow-ups in a paper that we published.
And you can see these changes here, not just the headache intensity resolved, but also systolic blood pressure, all these other changes are maintained.
This was a patient with plaque psoriasis.
You don't need to be a physician to be able to tell the difference here.
This person had a 28-year history of severe plaque psoriasis and underwent 13 days of fasting.
And they went from this, which is, you know, pretty typical plaque psoriasis, to this, and then a two-month follow-up to this.
Because it turns out these conditions that most people think don't have anything to do with diet and lifestyle or fasting absolutely do.
And now this is, you know, from
before treatment to after treatment with no medications.
Blood pressure, the leading contributing cause of death and disability also responds to fasting.
We published a paper 20 years ago with T. Colin Campbell from Cornell University that showed the largest effect size ever shown in treating high blood pressure in humans.
We took 174 consecutive patients with hypertension and 174 people lowered their pressure enough to eliminate the need for medication.
And in stage three hypertension, people who start at 180 or more, their average effect size was over 60 points.
in stage 3 hypertension.
So we also did a prospective study.
This was actually a second study.
These were borderline hypertensives, people not high enough to justify meds, but still high enough to die from heart disease.
And of 68 people, they also, all of them, normalized their blood pressure.
In fact, most of them got below 120 over 80 without medication.
This was a prospective study where we took people prospectively with our colleagues from Mayo Clinic.
29 people entered with hypertension.
28 people were able to achieve normal blood pressure with no medication.
One person required 50% of their dosage.
And what was exciting about this is we followed these people a year later and 75% of the people that we tracked a year later
had not only maintained normal blood pressure without medication, but it had been able to maintain their weight.
And what's interesting you'll notice here, they actually had a lower BMI at 12 month follow-up than they did at discharge.
We can also look at other parameters, again with long-term follow-up data.
This is average weight.
This is, you'll notice the people here that had been successful at six weeks were still successful even 12 months later.
So the idea that systolic blood pressure largely maintained, eye sight pressure actually even lower at a year fall than it was at baseline.
And again, 75% of the people that were able to be tracked were able to maintain their bread pressure without weight.
Abdominal circumference on average was actually lower at one year fault than it was even at the end of their fasting experience.
And these are average changes that occurred after this particular study.
This was a case of, and I just want to mention before I forget, all of our data is freely available.
If you go to our website, trunerethhealth.com, you can find all of our studies.
and all of the information is available to you.
I know I'm going through really quickly.
We also have a brand new book out that summarizes all of this.
It's called, Can Fasting Save Your Life, available everywhere.
This was a recent paper we just published.
It's a relief of symptoms associated with long COVID after prolonged water-only fasting.
And this was a pretty typical situation.
Person got COVID, didn't recover, severe fatigue, the chest congestion, the diarrhea, the brain fog,
all this undergoes uh this had been progressive for two years non-responsive to conventional treatment 14 days of fasting dramatic improvement but then on recovery they got COVID again and uh
ended up having a reactivation of symptoms, came back into a 10-day fast, and now here's the end of the fast and here's actually the follow-up data.
This is six months over, so the brain fog, all this stuff that they've been suffering with so long has been resolved.
We're also seeing a number of people now
whether it's long COVID or COVID vaccine injury where they get the vaccine or the boosters particularly and then their underlying autoimmune disease activates and fortunately many of those people seem to be rebooting with fasting.
This is a really interesting case and it's a reduction of lipoprotein little a
And that's with, this is supposedly a genetic marker, predicts strongly for heart disease.
And supposedly it's genetically mediated and doesn't respond.
We've just published a paper that shows, and this is a long standing vegan who underwent 10 days of fasting.
And six we fall up and we carefully monitored a number of parameters, weight improved, blood pressure improved.
He'd gotten some hypertension because even though he was vegan, he was getting a little bit of refined carbohydrates.
So that corrected as we expected, but what was interesting is a 40% reduction in supposedly genetic lipoprotein little a, and now that's been maintained as well.
And we're actually studying this in a number of people now to determine if lipoprotein little a, even though it doesn't respond to any medication or conventional medical treatment, if it will respond in fact to this approach.
And you can see also improvements in the other parameters here.
So I know I'm running out of time here.
I just wanted to finish up a few points.
For those of you interested in learning more about this, you can go to our website, trunethhealth.com.
If you actually fill out the medical history forms, we offer a free phone conversation with me to point you in the right direction and tell you whether any of this type of stuff is even relevant to you.
We also have a free Roku channel.
You can look at our videos.
We have live streaming.
You can go to our website and access our live streaming lectures every day without any cost.
We have books out that are vegan, SOS-free cookbooks listed here.
We have also our two books, The Pleasure Trap and Can Fasting Save Your Life.
And if you really want to do a deep dive into fasting, check out this book, Can Fasting Save Your Life.
Thank you so much for the opportunity to share this information with you.
What I'd like to do now is open up the situation and try to answer any questions that you might have.

[SPEAKER_03]
Phenomenal presentation, Dr. Goldhammer.
Thank you so much for so perfectly presenting all that information.
I have a question right off the top.
When you go to the grocery store,
What do you buy?
What do you eat?
What sections do you avoid?
What do you embrace in your diet every day?

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, I can tell you, I'm very fortunate.
I don't have to go to the grocery store much because I work at True North Health Center where we have fabulous chefs and wonderful food.
But for breakfast, I usually have oatmeal or a non-glutenous grain like that with fresh fruit and greens, lots of greens, lettuce, celery, cucumbers, et cetera.
perhaps up to an ounce of raw nuts or seeds, particularly walnuts, flax seeds, things like that.
Excuse me, let me just shut that off.
Sounds urgent.
Other than at lunchtime, I had to have a huge vegetable salad.
So it's going to have lettuce, carrots, all kinds of raw vegetable materials, maybe some lemon juice or some vinegar.
I'm going to have a big platter of steamed vegetables and some kind of complex carbohydrates, so potatoes, rice, beans, things of that nature.
And if I had beans at lunch, I might have some kind of grain at night, but you know, salads, steamed vegetables, and we're talking really large volumes of low-density high-nutrition foods.
And so it's always going to be free of meat, fish, fallow eggs, dairy products, and salt and sugar, and it's always going to have lots of fruits and vegetables, grains, legumes, nuts, and seeds.
And so I've been doing that since I was 16 years old.
I'm 65 now.
And it works really well.
The only supplemental nutrition issues that we recommend is vitamin B12.
If you're on a vegan diet, you don't get a lot of bacterial contamination, so you're not going to get a lot of B12.
And if you don't get out in the sun enough, you may need to look at vitamin D as well.
So not a lot of pills and potions, a whole lot of whole natural foods.
And for me, it's exercise.
I love basketball, so I play basketball four times a week, and that seems to help me with flexibility, strength, aerobic conditioning, and tries to keep me younger.

[SPEAKER_03]
Fantastic.
And you don't really have to worry about overeating the food that you're eating, right?
You can eat until you're full, or you're counting calories as you go along.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, there's no calorie counting, because when you're eating, the trick is eating enough.
You just got to eat so much fruits and vegetables, there's not that much room to overeat on more concentrated foods.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right.
Before I get to more audience questions, I want to bring on a special guest, our founder at VSRF, the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation, Steve Kersh.
Steve, welcome back to VSRF Live.
How are you this afternoon evening, sir?
Oh, yeah, microphone helps and you need to unmute.

[SPEAKER_02]
All right.
Hopefully that'll help.
There you is.
Are we good?
Yeah.
We hear you.
Okay.
Great.
So I listened to the whole presentation.
I have some questions.

[SPEAKER_01]
Certainly.

[SPEAKER_02]
Protein intake.
Yes.
I follow all these guys who are weight lifters and they say you have pound of protein per gram of protein per pound of body weight, those sorts of things.
That's really hard to do on a vegan diet.
How do you, what is your protein intake?
Because I noticed that you weren't doing this heavy resistance training.
What's your protein intake?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, so remember that even doing resistance training, though, you have to, first of all, there's a couple of important questions.
If your goal is the quickest short-term weight gain and muscle mass gain, then they're advantage to animal products, not only is the high protein, high fat contact, but it's full of animal steroids.
And steroids we know do make people get bigger faster.
Just the same reason why when people inject steroids, they get bigger and much bigger, much faster.
The problem is it's not necessarily good for long-term health maintenance.
So if your goal is long-term health maintenance, avoiding the problems at the last 20 years of life where you find yourself unable to talk or move lying in a nursing home bed after you've stroked out from having a heart attack or a stroke, eating a healthier level, a lower level of protein, lower level of fat,
is probably a much better long-term health strategy.
But, granted, it may take longer to maximize short-term athletic performance without the benefits of the higher-fat, higher-protein animal-based diets.
But you can still get as much protein as you want on these diets because it may be shifting the balance of your diet to include higher protein content, more lentils, more veins,
nuts and seeds that have a higher protein concentration, but a healthy diet can have around 60-70 grams of protein a day.
If you're trying to double that because of short-term athletic performance, you can still do it, and you can still do it on a vegan diet, but it is much more difficult.
Obviously easier to do that just by eating animal flesh, but we wouldn't recommend that because it's not going to be conducive to good long-term health strategies.

[SPEAKER_02]
And what is your caloric intake?
I'm curious, for you personally, do you know what your daily caloric intake is?

[SPEAKER_01]
I'm about 2,500 calories a day.
I probably should be 2,200 calories a day and be doing more resistance training.
But everything I do is aerobic because I love basketball.
I go to a wonderful club that has all these fabulous resistance training ideas.
I never do any of it because I love playing basketball.
So that's just something I probably have to work on.

[SPEAKER_02]
And so for someone like you, you've probably dexascanned yourself.
Do you know what your body fat percentage is?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, I'm sure I do.
I probably need to pull that to get you the specific numbers, though.

[SPEAKER_02]
I should know.
You should know that.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, I should have that on the top of my tongue, but I don't.
I don't want to missport it.

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay, oatmeal.
I'm a diabetic.
If I eat oatmeal, my glucose goes through the roof.
How can I eat like you?
I'm a diabetic.
Right now, I inhale insulin, which is
way better than injecting it.
It turns out because it's much faster.
But if I go through your diet, am I able to have improved my insulin resistance such that I can eat like you eat and not have my glucose go through the roof?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, so you may have to modify your diet initially.
You're not going to be eating lots of fruit and simple sugars.
You're not going to initially be able to eat a lot of high-dose carbohydrates initially until that insulin resistance is resolved.
Now what we usually do is we'll do fasting, which reduces insulin resistance, and then afterwards we'll be able to introduce
at least moderate amounts of complex carbohydrates in order to be able to and still maintain, you know, good sugar response.
There are some plant-based foods that have a lower glycemic index, for example, beans compared to grains.
So you may find there are some vegetable foods that we would dominate on.
Vegetables themselves are not going to be a problem raw and cooked vegetables.
have very low glycemic response and so you're going to be able to get plenty of that.
But you may not be able to eat unrestricted amounts of particularly refined carbohydrates or simple fruits and particularly processed fruits like fruit juices and things like that without your sugars being a challenge.
So the first step is going to probably be reducing the insulin resistance
with most likely fasting or modified fasting in a modified diet and then hopefully you'll be able to eat a broader range of whole plant foods without having blood sugar level issues.
About 80% of our type 2 diabetics are able to achieve normal blood sugar without any medication and with a mixed complex carbohydrate based diet.
In fact, even the American Diabetes Association is advocating higher levels of complex carbohydrates.
That's not particularly a radical
a long-term suggestion.
One of the problems with the high-fat, high-protein diets that they advocated originally is they recognize that there's long-term cardiovascular disease consequences.
So you get better short-term glucose control, but you don't necessarily get better long-term health control.
So we've got to blend that.
And again, it doesn't mean you don't have to modify the diet why the pathology is being corrected.
but it doesn't mean you're doomed to have to eat high protein, high fat diets just to be able to control sugars.
Even though that does control sugars, there's a price for that long term.

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay, so reducing insulin resistance, so that happens with the fast, but does it stay off and for how long and then what causes that insulin resistance to creep up such that you have to do a fast again?

[SPEAKER_01]
It does persist as long as you don't do the things that cause insulin resistance, which is gaining fat, particularly visceral fat, eating refined carbohydrates.
Even stress issues can sometimes be an issue, apparently, in terms of as they affect hormone stuff.
So we're talking to people about not just fasting and diet, but also the importance of exercise, particularly aerobic exercise, stress management, and sleep quality.
So you kind of got to do everything.
You're really stuck.
If you really want to get healthy and you want to control it with diet and lifestyle, you have to do the whole diet and lifestyle picture.

[SPEAKER_02]
Right, but the point is that in order to keep the insulin resistance low, you don't have to go and repeat the cycle and repeat the fast if you basically follow the rules.

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, you do it every single day.
We're telling you you got to fast every single day for between 12 and 15.

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, no, I meant the 40-day fast or the 30-day fast.

[SPEAKER_01]
Oh, no, no, no.
Well, no, we hope to not ever have to do 40-day fast again.
What we're hoping to do
What we do advocate though, and this has not been well studied, we're actually in the process of evaluating that.
We believe that everybody should fast every day for 12 to 16 hours.
And that everybody may benefit from say once a year or every other year taking a period of a week or so.
even if you're healthy to do fasting to get as a diagnostic as well as a therapeutic kind of rebooting situation and everybody that has values out of line if their blood pressures up if there's weights up their visceral fats up then we're going to fast from however long it takes to resolve that you know whatever's whatever's appropriate but for healthy people as I said we saw
biomarker changes actually bigger and healthy people than we did in sick people, but those are short-term fast.
You're not doing 40-day fast, hopefully, and healthy people because they don't need that kind of thing.

[SPEAKER_02]
Right, so Peter Atia, a lot of people follow him.
Peter Atia used to be a believer in fast.
He changed his thinking that he's no longer a believer in fast because he lost too much muscle mass during his fast.
Is Peter doing something wrong?
Have you talked to Peter about this and can you?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, I did his show with him and talked to him about this.
But unfortunately, I did it three years ago.
He forgot what I told him.
And one of the keys about fasting is rest.
Because if you're too active and fasting, you will increase gluconeogenesis by increasing glucose needs from the muscle in the brain.
And that means you're going to break down protein.
There's no other way to get that, except through gluconeogenesis.
When people rest, though, as we've demonstrated down in peer review journals, 6% of lean mass loss is fully recovered within six weeks and then some.
The lean mass is actually higher as a percentage of the overall body at fall-up than it was at baseline.
But that requires rest.
Now, people say, well, but I'll lose more weight if I exercise.
Yes, but it won't be more fat.
And we don't care about you losing weight.
We care about you losing visceral fat.
because the fat and the visceral fat are the compromising problems.
We're not trying to lose water, fiber, glycogen or lean tissue.
We're trying to lose fat.
The best way to do that fasting is resting.
What we need to do is have Mr. Tia come in and do his next set of fasting at True North where we restrict his activity and then re-scan him and demonstrate that actually he's worrying about the wrong biochemical parameter there.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, well, the danger of that, if he did that is that you would be so inundated that it would take like five years for anybody to book their next appointment.
Yeah.
So, yeah.

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, hopefully what will happen is there'll be more and more opportunities for people to go out there.
I mean, Walter Longo is really pioneered things by publishing a bunch of papers and he's got the pro lawn and things people can do.
intermittent fasting.
He's made it much more popular, much more interesting.
And they've got over two dozen studies underway right now.
And so I think there's going to be lots of interest.
So hopefully we'll see more clinics set up where people can learn to do this.
And we offer training to doctors.
No cost to the doctors.
Our foundation provides room board training so that doctors that want to learn to do something worthwhile with their life, like help people actually get well, can come and we'll provide them that training.
In fact, a lot of the residents that we've had come through, their most common comment is, wow, I never saw anybody get better before.
Because if you're under care for hypertension or diabetes under medical treatment, they'll tell you, you'll never get off these drugs.
You're going to be sick forever.
Just do what you're told.

[SPEAKER_02]
The slides that you presented today are those available on your website.
You talked about that.
So the whole slide deck that you presented, where would people find that on your website?

[SPEAKER_01]
If it's not on there now, it will be on there soon through the...
Through the website.
The thing is, these are brand new slides, so I don't know if they've got them posted yet, but we can certainly get them posted.
If you want them, I'll be happy to get you a Dropbox link of them.

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay.
Well, yeah, we'd like to make sure everybody who's listening to this episode.
Absolutely.

[SPEAKER_01]
Everything we have is
non-monetized and freely available in terms of information, education, you know, that's part of the mission of the Trinital Health Foundation is try to get this information out there.
That's why I appreciate people like yourself with huge audiences letting me share such a radical concept.
Because what I'm saying is clearly not generally accepted.
This is considered like insane in some quarters that you would go on.

[SPEAKER_02]
It would be like telling people that vaccines are bad for them.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_02]
I guess I don't know what it would do would say something like that, but, uh, you know, I'm just saying that that's, I got, I got in trouble for saying that this past weekend.
So, yeah.
So can you do a three day question though?

[SPEAKER_01]
For some people, the consequences are devastating.
We're seeing those people.
I mean, it's, it's tragic, you know, and so to pretend that that doesn't happen.
I mean, that's not, I don't think that's, you know, real.

[SPEAKER_02]
What's your success rate?
Do people come in and are you able to convince them to go through the fast?
Do people drop out?
If you have 100 people coming in the funnel, how many come out the end successfully?

[SPEAKER_01]
Depending on how you define success, the people that we have that will drop out or almost always
People where they have drug addiction issues, you know, we're trying to help somebody that's trying to come off substance abuse cocaine particularly they went they may not even last a day So, you know, that's a different class of patients.
Almost all the other people we see are highly motivated self-selected people
Half our people come from out of state, 15% are foreign.
They're coming specifically for fasting.
Usually a doctor they trust is referred to them or they've done a lot of education.
So our success rate in terms of getting them through the program is very high.
Not everybody can handle water only fasting.
Sometimes we have to go under broth or juices and slow things down a little bit.
Not everybody should be fasting.
We may be doing a healthy eating program.
But we also heavily filter people because we offer them free screening and we offer a lot of preliminary evaluation.
We don't bring in people unless we think they're going to make us look good.
I mean, unlike most doctors that treat whoever they can help and they've got to help whoever walks in the door, we cherry pick out all the people that have conditions we think are going to do really well and people that have
you know education orientation so they understand what they're getting into very few of our people are shocked or surprised by the figures of what we do the union gentleman i told you about you know that was some years ago because we we learned since then you've got to have people that are fully educated about what they're getting into and now with internet and youtube and books and things is a lot easier for people to get educated
Now, some conditions like hypertension, virtually everybody we see with high blood pressure will normalize their blood pressure with this kind of approach, unless they have secondary hypertension, which we would filter out, you know, with history.
So the 95% of hypertension patients, almost all of them are going to experience dramatic improvement with blood pressure.
Type 2 diabetics, most, but not all type 2 diabetics,
will get dramatic improvement.
The reason is that some type 2 diabetics are actually type 1 diabetics.
Don't realize it.
But I mean, if you look at C-peptide and whatnot, you can get a pretty good idea of where people's ability to produce insulin is.
If you're a type 1 diabetic, you can't do water fasting because you need a certain amount of insulin in order to be able to adapt to the fasting state.
So they would be approached with a nutritional medicine approach rather than a water-only fasting approach.
Type 1 diabetes doesn't go with water fasting.

[SPEAKER_02]
Right.
Why can't a type 1 diabetic do water fasting and inject insulin?
Why can't they inject insulin?

[SPEAKER_01]
It could be really complicated because the potentiating effect of fasting with all drugs complicates.
If you were to do that, that would be in a hospital-based ICU setting.
I don't know anybody that has experience doing that.
Certainly we don't.
That would be a very, very challenging process because what you'll do is you'll get into an acidotic state, they'll get into altered breathing, you'll get into big problems.
In fact, I can tell you, I've probably fasted more type 1 diabetics than anybody ever.
And of all the people in our 40 years of experience, of the handful of people we've had complications with, virtually all of them are type 1 diabetics we're trying to do heroic fasting with.

[SPEAKER_02]
I would say, could you give us people some idea what what the typical cost is?

[SPEAKER_01]
Is it a fixed for a private room share bath is the least expensive?
It's a little bit more if you want fancy accommodations includes everything we do.
It's we're like going to a hotel.
The reason is we are cheaper.

[SPEAKER_02]
Are you kidding me?

[SPEAKER_01]
Nobody complains about that we're user's fees or anything.
The fees are not the limiting factor.
The thing they complain about is they have to give up their meat, fish, value, dairy products, oil, salt, sugar, alcohol, coffee, nicotine.
It's really difficult for addicts to get free of their addiction.
That's what they complain about.
And part of that's not benevolent.
It's people have to be here sometimes for several weeks.
You know, it takes a while.
Somebody has to come back.
So we've got to keep the price point low enough that people that actually work for a living can afford to do it.
So we're not an overly expensive kind of facility, but it still adds up because, you know, if you're here for three weeks and all that, it's still expensive.

[SPEAKER_02]
So just a quick question.
I have a sub-retinal hemorrhage, a sub-RPE hemorrhage.
Fasting won't do anything for that, will it?
Is there any evidence?
Everybody I talked to says nothing you can do.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, it won't necessarily affect directly the hemorrhage you're experiencing, but what it does do is there's a reason those hemorrhages form.
Hypertension diabetes are the two dominating factors.
And if you normalize your A1C and you normalize your blood pressure, and not just normalize it, but understand there's a 1% reduction in all-cause mortality for every point in systolic blood pressure, blood pressure comes down, our target is 90 over 60.
unmedicated.
And a person that has lower blood pressure tends to have less tendency to form these processes.

[SPEAKER_02]
90 over 60, my doctor will ask me if I'm alive or not, if I, if I came with numbers like that.

[SPEAKER_01]
The most doctors are used to people being overweight, high visceral fat, high sun intake, high blood pressure.
So the, but healthy blood pressure, if you look at Pito's work from Cornell, you know,
If you go to China and look at plant-based eaters in China at any age, they tend to be about 90 over 60.
So we think that that's probably healthier pressure.
then say 120 over 80 or 140 over 80 or whatever it is.
And so again, it's a bell curve.
So some people are going to be 110, 70.
Some people are going to be a little bit lower.
But what's metabolically healthy?
I understand 12% of people are metabolically healthy.
88% of people are not metabolically healthy.
So even people that are not so overweight, they still are having signs of ill health.
And that's why the leading cause of death and disability are conditions that really shouldn't be that common.

[SPEAKER_02]
Right.
Can you do a three-day fast without medical supervision?
Can you do a four-day fast without?
Where's the line that you draw as to when you need medical supervision on a water-only fast?
How would someone know?

[SPEAKER_01]
Absolutely.
So it's actually pretty straightforward.
Everybody can fast on their own at home from 12 to 16 hours every day.
Pretty much everybody.
There may be some exceptions for people with medication profiles that are affected, but that normally is not a problem because you're still in normal physiology.
When people go over 16 hours, though, things start to shift.
And so anybody can do that as well if history exam lab and monitoring is suggesting that there's not a risk factor.
So you want to make sure you're a good candidate for fasting, and you want to make sure you're resting during fasting, and you make sure that you're hydrated during fasting, and that you refeed properly.
If people don't rest during fasting, they get depleted.
That's where problems come in.
Or if they rest, but then they refeed too quickly, they can get what's called refeeding syndrome.
or pass-fasting, a demit can be serious or even fatal, particularly longer term fasting.
So the point is, before you fast for more than 12 to 16 hours, you want to make sure you talk to your doctor that actually knows your health history, make sure you're a good candidate that you're going to rest, that you stay hydrated, and
that you refeed according to the protocol laid out in our book, Confassing, Save Your Life.
Everything you need to know is in our book, Confassing, Save Your Life, and everything your doctor needs to know is in our book, Confassing, Save Your Life, because we've got all the information laid out there.
The thing people don't like to hear is they have to rest when they fast, they want to go to work, or they want to do their weightlifting.
That's not going to work in terms of there's a percentage of people are going to get screwed up.
Or they will fast properly, but they want to refeed according to their dead Dr. Atkins diet protocol, whatever.
That's not going to work.
You're going to get really sick.
You don't want to do that.
So you want to follow the protocol.
It takes half the length of the faster to recover.
So if you have a 10-day-fasters, five days of program refeeding, if you follow the protocol, it works.
We have doctors on our staff that will work with your local doctor to make sure if you don't want to come to, say, a facility, and you want to do it at home, they'll work with you to ensure that you are a good candidate, that you rest, you hydrate, and that you recover properly.
And your local doctor can do the exam, order lab, and do monitoring.
So it can be done at home, but it still needs to be done the same way we do it at the True North Health Center.
and read the fasting safety study.
The protocol is laid out very clearly.
If the protocol is followed, think about this, we've been doing this 40 years.
We've had 25,000 patients undergo fasting and everybody so far that's walked in is walked out.
And we've got a lot of old sick people that we fast, not just young healthy people.
So we know the protocol is relatively safe.
We've got proof of that, but you gotta follow the protocol.
Now the reality is,
The people that are having trouble with diet and lifestyle complaints aren't always the most disciplined best candidates for home fasting.
No.
Really?
They do that in a controlled setting.
The people that are really good candidates that can fast at home usually don't need a very long fast.
They can do it safely because they're doing the diet and lifestyle stuff.
They're using it preventively.
But we do have doctors that will help assist with that.
And we offer a free screening service.
They can call me.
I will talk to them, look at their medical history, and say, hold on a second.
Or yeah, you're a candidate.
This is what you want to be considering.
So we're trying to make it accessible as possible to people without them getting into trouble with it.

[SPEAKER_02]
And do people need to do blood tests like once every once a week, or does the monitoring, does the protocol necessitate you're going in for sort of lab tests and seeing your physician or seeing the lab?

[SPEAKER_01]
We do baseline lab.
That's necessary because you don't know that you're you know There may be conditions that you wouldn't realize are going to be contraindication to this So first of all if you're medicated not right away You have to talk to your physician about is it possible to wean your meds because you're not going to fast on the medication
The only exception might be true hormone replacement therapy, like thyroid replacement therapy.
But even that, you would be reducing the dosage in half.
Otherwise, you're going to get too much.
Even too much thyroid, for example, can cause palpitations and cardiac problems in other places.

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay, so let me give you a real life example.
I have Waldenstrom's macroglobulinemia.
I take a Brutinib one tablet per day in order to keep my Waldenstroms at bay.
Are you saying that I would need to give that up?
And how do I replace that?
How do I go on your fasting diet on a cancer?

[SPEAKER_01]
One of two choices you either If it's appropriate to either maintain or wean the medication to a vacation from the medication that would be done or you continue the medication But we do a modification of the fasting protocol to include 1600 calories of vegetable broth and vegetable juices so that there wouldn't be a potentiation effect from the medication and
so it's possible to do a modified fast that would allow you to continue the medications or it might be possible to do a wean or a vacation but that's going to depend on your medical history and that you know that's why we have physicians that go through and do that whole whole evaluation.

[SPEAKER_02]
So does it depend on the medicine?

[SPEAKER_01]
Works much slower, but it's also safer.
You don't have the hydration issues You don't have and that's where a lot of the times when people want to do home fasting We'll get them to do a modified version of it because they don't have Some of the risk factors associated with water only fast and don't require the level of monitoring and modification It's also not exactly the same thing though.
So you wouldn't have the same impact.
It's slower It's gonna you have to be more patient

[SPEAKER_02]
So why would there be, why can't you just do a water only fast and just take your one pill a day or whatever of the medication?
What are the downsides for that?

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, depending on the medication and your history, for example, some people use non-Australian inflammatory, they can use that in a fake feeding state and get away with it, but you use it in a fasting state and you can get kidney and liver damage.
So because drugs work differently in the physiological adaptation of fasting than they do in the in the fed state.
So depending on the drug, and again, there may be exceptions, but those exceptions are also modulated by the person's medical history.
So when you can a healthy person fast, yeah, yeah, that's great.
But since only 12% of people are metabolically healthy, the reality is almost when we went to do the study on healthy people,
Almost everybody we saw that thought they were healthy when you actually look at their biochemical parameters, they're not healthy.
They've got problems.
They're not having symptoms yet, so they're not aware of it.
When you actually analyze them, they didn't qualify for the study.
You know where we got most of the people that are actually truly metabolically healthy?
They were staff that work at the Truman Health Center.
We had to recruit staff, because they're the people that are eating this way every day, living this way, and so we were able to find a few, but it's surprisingly difficult.
A lot easier to find diabetic hypertensive overweight people, people with lymphoma, they're all over the place.
But to find actually healthy people, and a lot of very fit people aren't necessarily healthy though.
They had a lot of muscles, but they're suffering the consequences of a high-fat, high-protein, long-term diet.

[SPEAKER_02]
So do all the people who work at True North, like if I was to look at their blood pressure, what's the average systolic and diastolic numbers for the people who work at True North?

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, I can tell you that it's going to be all over the place, because we have people at True North that have been there for a long time, and they live and eat it and breathe it.
And they have other people that have been working for us that it's a job like any other job.

[SPEAKER_02]
But for the people who go with the program, what's the average?

[SPEAKER_01]
for the attendings the doctors that work here who are living it they all have normal blood pressure so you know normal in your cases is what like 90 over 110 over you know 60 70 you're gonna you're gonna find normal pressures on the people that eat this diet not just the people that work at True North Health but everybody that follows the diet.

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay, so I wanted a couple of questions left.
Bananas.
I love bananas.
You didn't talk at all about kind of the different like bananas that are green have a lot of resistance starch in them versus bananas which are very ripe have a lot of sugar in them.
Do you
tell people about the differences of eating the fruits, eating bananas when they're earlier versus later and talk about the sugar content and the impact on the blood sugar.

[SPEAKER_01]
And also though, you can do even grains, eat grains after they've been cooked and cooled, you know, you get resistant starches.
Here's the thing, the good news is once we do the fasting, the diet and the exercise, usually people have enough control of their sugar that we don't have to get into the details of having a meatless right fruit or whatever.
We do restrict diabetics in general from fruit sugars and processed sugars and dried fruits and stuff like that.
But normally we can get them on complex carbohydrates and some of it affects on how much greens people eat.
For example,
if you give people unopposed fruit.
They're going to see blood sugar response.
You give it with a lot of greens.
The fiber in the greens helps keep down some of the hybridized.
The problem with fruit today isn't even natural food.
It's hybridized high sugar, low fiber food.
So a lot of the trick is getting enough greens in with the other materials so that the rate with which blood sugar is absorbed goes down and they have a different, more effective response.
But yes, you can manipulate things like green bananas versus ripe bananas to have less glycemic response.

[SPEAKER_02]
And you didn't talk at all about adding kind of the exercise element to the eating, because if you eat a big meal and you go for a walk after that meal, your blood sugar response to that meal will be dramatically lower than if you just ate the meal and didn't do like a 20 minute walk after that.
So is that incorporate?

[SPEAKER_01]
It's a critical, critical part, critical issue.
Diet, sleep, and exercise.
In fact, nowadays many men don't even exercise anymore.
They hire other people to do it for them.
We call it the NFL.
And what men do often is they sit in overstuffed chairs watching other people exercise, engaging in mock warfare, pretending to be part of the winning coalition.
and they drink high caloric beverages, sometimes so much so that they don't even want to get up to walk to the kitchen to get it.
So they've got chairs now, apparently, that have coolers in the chair so they can get their high caloric beverage without actually having to walk all the way to the kitchen.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
I look forward to the day when we can watch these NFL players on TV and then you gain a pound of muscle every time you do that and lose a pound of this real fat just by doing that.
That'd be
If we can patent that, that would be awesome.
Just think.
So my final question is curing lymphomas.
So I'm familiar with Waldenstroms.
Very, very difficult to cure Waldenstroms.
Some of the other lymphomas, I don't know what the history is in terms of sort of the conventional
treatments to cure lymphomas.
So have you been able to essentially go beyond what is possible in medical science in terms of the traditional allopathic medicine in being able to actually cure, say, cancers that are traditionally not curable and you're able to
extinguish a cancer whereas traditional treatments would be not effective and you'd have the cancer for life and just be under control.

[SPEAKER_01]
So the reason why we published follicular lymphoma rather than some of the other things that we've had experience with is that it's generally accepted that the conventional treatments for lymphoma don't necessarily affect all cause mortality.
Sometimes you're not necessarily living longer because you treat or you don't.
You can suppress tumors but they come back and they come back sometimes worse than
you know, they were to begin with.
So because of that, watchful waiting is not considered unethical behavior.
And so it was not considered unethical for us to, you know, get somebody well.
Whereas if they had the same results with a different type of cancer, it might have been very difficult to publish it in the British Medical Journal because they would have considered it unethical behavior.
In this particular cancer, though, it's not considered, and now we've
had enough consistent responses that we're hoping that we, with this publication of this case series, that we'll be able to justify a clinical trial, and that's what we really want to do.
Where we'll randomly assign an RCT, randomly assign people to conventional care, versus getting them well.
Here's the thing though, I don't think you're curing lymphoma any more than you're curing obesity.
If you are fat and you lose the fat, you can keep it off the rest of your life, but you have to keep eating the diet and lifestyle to maintain it, otherwise it comes back.
You're not cured, you're just managed.
And with lymphoma, I believe it's the same thing.
You have to maintain the diet and lifestyle stuff.
You go back to doing the things that led your body's immune system to become compromised.
You're going to get your condition back.
And so I don't think they're cured.
I think they're just managed.
And if they're willing to do really radical diet and lifestyle stuff, I think you can maintain improvement.
And we are seeing that.
Even in people that had metastasizing to the bones and very serious progressive history, we're seeing remission and sustained remission.
In the case of the first case, 10-year history of cancer-free
you know, state, and this has been very carefully monitored because you can imagine they were quite skeptical.
In fact, it's interesting, you know, it's really hard to publish papers in these journals.
The standards are high, they're resistant to the stuff.
We've been, I think... Only if you challenge the narrative.

[SPEAKER_02]
Only if you challenge the narrative.
If you go against the grain, it becomes very difficult.

[SPEAKER_01]
Now we're trying to do RCTs and, you know, we'll see how successfully we're working with a local HMO.
We're really trying to get this done.
And it was interesting.
The resistance from their research department was twofold.
Number one, I was naive.
I thought they.
They always saw research as, you know, benevolent, and it's actually seen as a profit center.
And so, you know, they're worried about how the money they're going to collect for collaborating.
And then the other thing is they want to know how they can scale the therapy and make money from it.
And so it's not just proving it's safe and effective.
It's how do they
No.

[SPEAKER_02]
Profitably, huh?
Wow.

[SPEAKER_01]
I was a little naive about what the motivating factors were talking to research departments and also talking to research journals.
It's been a little bit of eye-opening.
Not that you've experienced any of those kinds of concerns.

[SPEAKER_02]
No.
What a surprise, you know.
I do confess, yeah.

[SPEAKER_01]
We have published papers and we've got I think enough data now that thoughtful people are willing to at least open the idea of the possibility that the body may actually be able to heal itself if you give it the diet, the sleep, the exercise, and the fasting approaches that you know we're talking about.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yep, great.

[SPEAKER_03]
All right, Livio, I'm out of questions.
I got so many questions for you, but before I get to the questions for Dr. Goldhammer Steve, people want an update on your eye and how you're doing.

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay, well, it got worse before it got better.
So you kind of go downhill.
So I had a bleed and a big bleed, but I still had my peripheral vision and then the bleed expanded, the blood expanded.
I don't know whether it was a rebleed or the blood is just spreading out.
So I have about 500
Microns of blood underneath my retina, and I have another 500 or so microns of blood underneath my RPE.
The problem is that the blood under the RPE is in an inaccessible location.
It's not like there's blood that's gushing through that area.
It's like having blood in a locked room.
And there's no way for it to escape.
And so people have suggested all sorts of treatments, hyperbaric, there's scalar light, there's beamer, there's a bunch of other things.
And the problem is that I look for evidence because I don't want to make things worse.
And this is not a conventional situation where you have all the blood circulating and you're just creating healthier cells and all this.
This is a situation where you could, in fact, make things worse in theory.
And so people don't know.
So there are things like, well, do you take a bromelain because that will absorb, that will help to absorb
the clot, but then it will also help you to reblead.
And so a lot of these things are two-edged swords.
And I have contacted retinal specialists throughout the country and asked them, is there a way that you have heard of
that actually works and actually improves things and the answer is no.
I'm talking with the Sun Power LED people now who are sending me these videos of people who do not have the same condition that have been helped, but the problem is I don't, I have a unique condition and there doesn't seem to be anybody with even anecdotal evidence
of, hey, I did this and it worked in five out of five cases.
In five out of five cases, it got better.
In three out of three cases where they tried this, it got better.
One out of one doesn't do it for me because you don't know whether it was spontaneous or not.
So you have to look for the numbers.
Is it three out of three, five out of five?
and was the directionality getting better?
Because if there's anything I want to avoid, it's, you want to avoid getting it worse.
And one of my doctors said to me, he sat down with me and he said, so you know, there are a lot of things I can do to make your condition worse, but there are not a lot of things I can do to make it better.
And so that pretty much sums it up for the state of the art.
And this stuff is in study.
Like if you try to find anybody doing active research on this, I haven't been able to find anyone doing active research in this area because it's fairly rare.
I had the mother of all bleeds.
Sorry?

[SPEAKER_01]
That's the problem with rare conditions.
It would have been much more convenient if you just had some common thing that there was a lot of data on and would have been easier to deal with.
You have to pick something exotic.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
And the other thing is that I was on Peter McCullough's protocol for spike, the Bromelain, the nanokinase, and the curcumin.
And that
could have made things worse.
I talked to Sherry Tenpenny.
She said, these are supplements that people take and they don't realize how strong they are.
You know, that even though it's a supplement, these things are in, you know, sort of therapeutic dose.
And people would be surprised by the combination of these three supplements can have a big factor.
And I had the mother of all bleeds.
And so I'm thinking, and there's no way to know, you know, I asked my doctors, they don't know, right?
Because nobody is taking these three supplements.
And so we don't have evidence.
But, you know, if I could turn back the clock,
I would have said, look, I don't really need these supplements because I'm not experiencing any of the, you know, so I was taking them just out as a precautionary thing because, okay, he says it's safe, it should be healthy.
But the big lesson, and it cost me my eye to learn this lesson, which is do not take supplements, you do not need.
right?
I mean, think about everything that you put in your body and think about why you are taking that and what the benefit and what the risks are of your taking it.
Because don't just say because so-and-so said it was okay.
It's at the end of the day, it's not going to be their problem.
It's going to be your problem
And so you should be very careful about what you choose to put in your body because that can make a huge difference.
And I fault myself for not being as serious about keeping my
My glucose number is down.
Had I done that, I may not have been in as bad shape as I was.
My blood pressure numbers, I'm getting them down as well.
I probably will sign up Dr. Goldhammer with your service as well, because I'm still 140 over about 85 or so, which is higher than I want to be.
But, you know, it's like take all these things that they tell you seriously, get your health under control.
That's the lesson and take it very seriously.
Cause I was like, ah, you know, I've been high blood pressure.
It hasn't caused me any problems.
But you know, I got lucky.
I didn't, I didn't have a stroke.
I could have stroked out.
I could be a vegetable right now.
And I think, you know, the moral of the story is,
Take your health seriously.
If you have adverse health markers, do something about them starting today.
Do not let them fester like I did.
Do not make the same mistakes that I did.
And one more thing.
My doctor never told me
My retina doctor never told me about preservision.
So this is a drug.
Sorry, it's a vitamin you take twice a day.
Preservision is called ARDS2, I think.
Because the first one, they had to take off the market.
So this is the second version.
But preservision can reduce the chance of what happened to me by 20%.
And I asked my doctor, why didn't you ever tell me about that?
And she said, well, it's only a 20% decrease, so it was insignificant.
been the difference between me seeing and not seeing.
The doctor never told me about that and she's one of the top rated doctors.
And so the other lesson here is do not listen to your doctors in terms of what condition that you have, but then you need to independently research that
and understand the implications of that condition because when she said, oh, well, you have these little blood vessels that may be growing and they may cause trouble later on, I should have been like, let me pay attention to that.
And the other thing is that the doctor will never get on your case about what to do.
They will always say, your blood pressure's too high, your diabetes, but they're not gonna be your mother.
And they should be, in my opinion, they should be your mother.
They should be saying, Steve, if you don't do this, you could lose your eye tomorrow.
I need you to get this down.
I don't want to see you again unless you're serious about, you know, they do not do that.
They do not mother you and they should.
But all that mothering has to be on you.
When you, when they tell you you have something like this, you need to do your homework.
You need to find out what the implications of that are.
And had I, I wish I could listen to myself say all this, you know, and turn back the clock and talk to my younger self and give them that advice.
Cause this is what I would tell them.
So that's the, that's the scoop.

[SPEAKER_03]
Thank you for that great update and helping us understand what you've gone through and what you're continuing to go through.
And there's many people asking Steve and Dr. Goldhammer talked about this diabetes.
What type of diabetes?
were you diagnosed with, and when were you diagnosed?
Type one, type two, and when did the diagnose you?

[SPEAKER_02]
I have type two, I was diagnosed way too late.
You know, anytime the doctors, if you have a blood test and you have a glucose level over like 120,
And it shows up on the blood test.
What will happen is your doctor will say, oh, did you eat something right before the blood test?
The answer, that's the wrong question.
If you ever exceed 120, you are in serious trouble.
You're on the road to disaster.
these guys the medical community should have they're not trained in this but they should have realized that this is like wow this guy is headed off a cliff he's doing something wrong i was drinking like orange juice and grape juice like it was going out of style thinking it was a healthy i had no idea i was wasting my blood sugars and you know i was just drinking myself into a diabetic disaster
And, you know, so Dr. Goldhammer, you probably, this is all like, you've heard this before.
This is what he's saying is exactly right.
Like what?

[SPEAKER_01]
The problem is though, it's every patient, 72% of people are overweight or obese.
Over 60% of people are hypertensive by 60.
It's everybody that doctor sees that's hypertensive, diabetic, has autoimmune disease.
There's almost nobody they see that's healthy.
They may have nobody that's ever gotten well.
So from their perspective, it's basically helpless and hopeless.
People don't change.
They tell them to quit smoking.
They don't quit smoking.
They tell them to quit drinking.
They don't quit drinking.
They themselves eat a greasy, fatty, slimy process through diet.
How are they going to convince anybody else to do any differently?
They don't consider it practical.
They don't consider it possible.
They've never been trained in it.
They're not paid for it.
And they're certainly not.
If you're working in an HMO, seeing 26 patient contacts a day, 12 emails, yeah, you can take all the time you want, but you're getting paid the same whether you get it done on time or not.
So the system's not set up to encourage or support patients that are actually getting well.
It's set up to manage their diseases with quick prescriptions.
and short-term gains, and frankly, that's what most addicts want.
They don't want to hear the truth.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right on.
They don't want to hear the truth at all.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
Quick fix.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_01]
If you start telling people that you're going to label you, aren't they?

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, I think the doctors need to assess the patient and what the patient wants.
Steve, do you want frank advice on your health?
I'll give it to you.
If you don't want to hear it, I won't give it to you.
But you should be given the option.
They should ask you a front look.
Do you want me to be hard on you?
Do you want to be easy on you?
How do you want this relationship to go?
Because I've never been asked that by any doctor.

[SPEAKER_01]
I did a talk in Texas to a lot of diabetologists and talked about my experience with people with diabetes getting better.
And one of the gentlemen who was, you know, clearly 75 pounds overweight said he'd been in practice for 25 years and been treating diabetics and he said he'd never seen anybody get well.
And he said, maybe he should do some of that diet stuff himself.
So here's a doctor.
I'm thinking if I was in practice 25 years and nobody ever got well, I'd start thinking maybe it's me.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, I need a career change.
Not helping anyone.
All right, so I'm going to get to some rapid fire questions because you've been so generous with your time and we've got
as many questions as I've seen for you since we've been doing the show.
So I'm going to try to get through a few here.
From 8 My Brain, regarding the consequences of what we put in our bodies, what are your thoughts on injectables such as Botox and fillers, implants, titanium joints, tooth fillings, mesh, et cetera?
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_01]
You know, I'm not an expert on exogenous pills, potions, powders, and treatments, and I have an emotional bias against all of it.
I just don't like drugs and outside stuff.
So I have a strong bias.
So I wouldn't be a good person to help you objectively.
What's worse?
Is this better than that?
Is this less bad than that?
My focus is teaching people diet, sleep, exercise, and fasting.
If, God forbid, there's still problems, then we have medical doctors on our staff that can help you evaluate
What's worse or what's better?
What's your best choice?
I mean, that's why you have a medical profession to look at that stuff.
So I just not really good.
I don't like any of it.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right.
Thanks for the honest response from paper doll define resting sitting around lying in bed.

[SPEAKER_01]
So resting and fasting means not getting your heart rate elevated and hopefully not being under inordinate stress.
That's not the time to do your taxes or have to deal with your in-laws or whatever.
So it's the idea of both emotional as well as physiological rest.
If you're too active physically and you increase your
either your brain or your muscle output, you will increase your glucose needs and therefore your gluconeogenous breakdown because that's where it comes from.
By resting you can focus where by the end of the second week of fasting the vast majority of energy is derived from fat metabolism.
Over two-thirds of energy comes from fat metabolism.

[SPEAKER_03]
Could you take like just a little short stroll or walk, something leisurely?

[SPEAKER_01]
You can get the pathology of bed rest, pneumonia and other problems.
So you want to be mildly active.
Like what we do at the centers, we have like gentle yoga classes and a little Tai Chi, but not aerobic yoga.
Nothing fun like basketball, right?
No basketball for you.
All the boring stuff, you know, right?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, no ball.

[SPEAKER_01]
That's why I don't like fasting.
I mean, I do it every year, but I hate it because you can't have to do your normal fun activity.
You've got to kind of be all quiet and passive and taking it easy.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, yeah, it makes sense.
From Nakani, Nakanic Boy, how can we locate one of the 300 doctors who has been through the True North program?

[SPEAKER_01]
So, most of the doctors that we've had are medical doctors, chiropractors, naturopaths that have gone through internship training.
They're out there in the field.
If you want to look at, there's whole groups of doctors on lifestyle, medicine doctors, they have hundreds of people.
In fact, I'll be speaking to that group in LA next month.
So, in that realm, you'll find lots of doctors that are sympathetic and supportive of
healthful living and diet and lifestyle.
If you contact the center, we can certainly try to refer you to, if we know somebody near you, we would certainly try to put you in contact with them.
And we do have a dozen doctors that work on our telemedicine business where you can contact them through the telemedicine practice.

[SPEAKER_03]
So there is a way to do it without flying to Santa Rosa.

[SPEAKER_01]
Oh, absolutely.
And, you know, for most people, you know, if they're willing to do the diet and lifestyle stuff, which is all freely available and readily accessible, most of these problems are going to sort out before they ever have to come in and do anything with us anyway.

[SPEAKER_03]
Great.
Question from IVMHCQ for COVID.
Please dispel the silly myth that eating fruit causes insulin resistance diabetes.
It's the fat in foods, not the sugar, right?

[SPEAKER_01]
The biggest variable for insulin resistance is fat intake, even more so.
But too much simple sugars has all kinds of metabolic problems that complicate things downstream.
But it is, in fact, excess fat intake that seems to be the dominant dietary variable that can set up insulin resistance.

[SPEAKER_02]
Wow.
Any particular kind of saturated fat versus... Yeah, I don't know the literature on that.

[SPEAKER_01]
Our director of research, Tasha Meyer, actually reads all that literature and remembers it, so she could probably tell you whether or not saturated fats have a bigger effect on insulin resistance or not.
I just don't know.
And I don't think that's in our books, so I haven't reviewed that literature.
Because we get rid of everything.
You know, our experience is whole plant foods without salt, oil, and sugar.
So the difference like what's worse than what and all that stuff, we don't really deal with that because we don't have any of the compromises.
That's the advantage to a completely controlled environment.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yep.
From Queen Legear, Goldhammer, which essential supplements do you recommend on a daily basis?

[SPEAKER_01]
I believe that everybody that's on a strictly vegan diet should supplement B12.
We recommend a thousand micrograms of methicobalamin today.
Some people recommend cyanicobalamin, whatever.
I don't care, you know, what form you do.
There's advantages and disadvantages to each.
But by doing that, you will virtually meet everybody's needs, even people that have had
gastric surgery and don't have intrinsic factor production though, but just by diffusion you get two or three percent.
So a thousand micrograms seems to meet virtually everybody's needs.
If you're eating meat and you're getting a lot of bacterial contamination, you may get enough from the diet.
But if you're on a strictly animal-free diet, then you would definitely want to be supplementing B12.
If you don't get out in the sun or you live so far north that you can't make enough vitamin D,
or you have some issue of converting D, you may need to supplement vitamin D as well.
It's a simple blood test.
We check 25D hydroxy vitamin D. If it's too low, then we supplement it enough to get it normal.
The best way is the sun, but sometimes people have to supplement it.
There are isolated nutrients that sometimes people run into.
If you're in Minnesota and you only ate food grown on Minnesota soil, you better look at your iodine intake.
If you don't eat sea vegetables or anything like that in the diet.
because plants don't need iodine, so it's conceivable that even you're eating a plant-based diet, you might not get enough of other isolated nutrients like that.
We get around that though.
We include small amounts of sea vegetables in the diet, so whether it's nori or kelp or whatever.
And so hopefully those trace issues are addressed that way, even if a person did eat strictly Minnesota-based products, or put materials into the soil so that your raw materials are there if you're controlling your growing.
But again, not a lot of pills and potions, as was mentioned earlier, the pills can actually cause more harm than good.
In fact, a lot of the benefit we get from some of our patients is just getting them off the big bag of pills that they were taking well intentioned but misguided.
that are causing more problems.
And some are really well known, for example, iron and males.
It's nasty, cardiovascular risk factor.
Vitamin A, most of the studies done with a supplement A, trying to help people with cancer, they have to discontinue the studies, because the death rate's higher taking supplemental A than without it.
I think those are well-established factors.
So I would be very cautious in general about pills of any kind, pharmaceutical or otherwise, and particularly in fasting.
You don't take supplements.
in fasting.
In fact, you particularly don't want a supplement like sodium or potassium, which you might think, well, my sodium is going low.
Well, when you do that, you avoid, you're using sodium and potassium and fasting to monitor your rate limiting nutrients.
If you supplement those and let your arrogance exceed your ignorance, now you have other things you're not monitoring that might become more serious.
The reason we've had 25,000 people do this in a row is we don't use supplements during fasting.
We monitor it and let the rate limiting nutrient be the rate limiting nutrient.
rather than thinking we know so much that we can supplement this and supplement that and extend the thing beyond what would be reasonable for that person's capacity.

[SPEAKER_03]
Great info.
Thank you.
A couple more here from Dr. Laura.
Please be specific about cutting dairy and then separately cutting meat.
And do you eat eggs?
If not, why not?

[SPEAKER_01]
So I don't use any animal products, meat, fish, phallogs, or dairy products.
And I haven't since
before I was 16 years old.
So the main reason is that I believe that there are better sources of nutrition for us without the downside effects, the biological concentration that occurs with animal foods.
People also make all kinds of moral, ethical, and spiritual arguments and that's not what I talk about to patients.
I just talk about their own selfish, best, long-term health interests and I'm particularly concerned about making the last 20 years of my patient's life the best 20 years instead of
you know, having debilitation which is so common.
And I think the best way to do that is to avoid the strokes, the heart attacks, the premature aging diseases that a whole plant food, especially a diet seems to be best supporting it.
Now, can people eat animal foods and be healthy?
Absolutely.
The problem is though, there's a threshold and over that threshold, and that's not exactly clear with that threshold there, there's progressive increased risk factors.
So I don't see data, for example, people that eat the occasional small amounts of animal food necessarily, you can see the difference in the people that are, like myself, say strictly vegan.
But when you look at percentage of calories coming from 10% of calories from animal food, we clearly see there's more risk factor.
I think that evidence in the data is pretty strong on that.
In terms of long-term health consequences, not necessarily short-term, say, weight loss or short-term blood sugar control.
So I'm always thinking from a long-term perspective that changes the advice that might be given.
If you're talking to an athletic trainer, what do they care about?
Get big fast.
They're not worried about 20 years from now.
They're worried about today.

[SPEAKER_03]
They want to see results instantly.
Last question from Poutine.
Does fasting get rid of... Oh, sorry.
Wrong one.
How long does it take before autophagy sets in?

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, I believe that you're starting to see evidence of increased autophagy even within the 16-hour fast that you do every single day.
It's thought to be cumulative day after day after week after month, and so that overall helps.
And it becomes apparently geometric as you get farther into the fast.
So that's not easy to quantify, though.
There's not a simple test that you measure, and this gives you an absolute functional autophagy rate.
Most of these studies are animal studies, too.
And you have to take that with a grain of kelp because we're not rats.
And so we function differently than rats do.
And so what's good in rats isn't always necessarily good in humans.
And that's why we're focusing on human studies.
and clinical outcome studies, because that's really what we're concerned about, is how do you improve the health of the patient, how do you keep them healthy, how do you avoid the disease and debility?

[SPEAKER_03]
Great.
Well, thank you both.
Thank you, Dr. Goldhammer, for the fantastic presentation and all your great answers and your generosity with your time.
Fantastic.
And I want to remind people where they can find you, or the website here, fasting.org.
Is that correct?

[SPEAKER_01]
Well that, yeah, that's our research fasting site.
The main site at TrueNorthHealth.com would get them the access to the free phone conversations, etc.
TrueNorthHealth.com.
Fasting in Oregon is a fasting compendium site.
It has just articles on fasting.

[SPEAKER_03]
TrueNorthHealth.org.
And Janet will put that in the chat for us.
And Steve, thank you for coming on tonight.
I know it's still a struggle for you, but thank you for updating us all.
And we continue to wish nothing but the best for your vision to come back at some point, hopefully.
And maybe Dr. Goldhammer can help a little bit.

[SPEAKER_01]
Do my best.

[SPEAKER_03]
All right, thank you both.
Have a great rest of your evening.
Everyone else hang in there.
I've got a few announcements to make and hold on.
I got to change a screen here before I can let these gentlemen go away here on back.
Um, yeah, fantastic show.
I appreciate every one of you that showed up tonight, wonderful watching some of the interactions in the chat.
And I want to also just remind everyone that we are a 501 C three organization and we operate solely on your donations.
And, uh, we are determined to consistently bring you dynamic content, VR, VSRF live shows.
And also I want to.
Make another little announcement here.
Give me one second.
We have, we're going to be, here it comes.
We marked your calendars for September 29th.
In Washington, DC, as we come together for Rescue the West, this event is a celebration of the essence of what makes America and the West so special.
We're coming together in unity, no matter what your political affiliation is, right or left, vaccinated or unvaccinated, we are bringing together notable musical artists, comedians, and thought leaders of our generation to stand in solidarity.
At the heart of this celebration is a powerful message of peace, love and unity.
Join us as we honor and uphold the values that make our nation great.
Rescuethewest.com.
Janet will put the link in the chat.
There is the website that is now up and VSRF is a sponsor of this event.
So we will be there in force as well.
And also,
Quick note here, there it is.
Every contribution you make, no matter how small, makes a big difference.
If everybody watching could give just $10 per month, we can continue to bring you weekly current content and put informative events and rallies on.
We thank you for your generosity and kindness.
We cannot do what we do without you.
So please consider donating.
And also you can go to our swag shop and we still have all of our good merch up.
our misinformation super spreader candles hats shirts mugs you name it we got our old defeat the mandates still up and we'll get the new rescue the west going at some point and never comply vs rf so lots of great swag there for you to
contribute to us and also we are going to be doing a raffle next week and we are going to be raffling off.
Substack subscription a six pack will announce that in our sunday newsletter and next week will make it official so stay tuned for that.
And lastly next week join us next week where we will have.
Harry Fisher.
Harry has been a paramedic for over 25 years and has witnessed a lot in his career.
He has some compelling stories to share about what he's seen over the last four years.
You won't want to miss it.
And then finally, as we sign off tonight, as we always do with some sort of video or compelling video, we're gonna sign off with a powerful clip of Congressman Jim Jordan questioning Rob Flaherty, the White House Director of Digital Strategy.
Flaherty, who led the Biden administration's efforts to censor so-called misinformation, was asked under oath to define the term his response.
He refused to provide a definition.
It's unbelievable.
And I'm sure you'll be entertained and outraged by this five minutes.
And yes, thank you all for being here tonight.
And I'll see you all next week.
Have a great rest of your evening and a great weekend.

[SPEAKER_05]
Mr. Flaherty, when the Biden administration told Americans that the vaccinated couldn't get the virus, were they guessing or lying?

[SPEAKER_04]
Congressman, you know, we, you know, I think at first of all, it's important to remember my role in this discussion, which is as a communicator on behalf of you work for the Biden administration, resistance to the president.

[SPEAKER_05]
It's a simple question when they told the American people that if you get the vaccine, you will not get the virus.
Was that a guess or was that a lie?

[SPEAKER_04]
Congressman, we were communicating on behalf of the administration, we were communicating
The best information provided by some of the best medical scientists in the world and Atlanta Bethesda and beyond So our role let me ask you a simple question.
Can the vaccinate keep people got the vaccine could they still get the virus?

[SPEAKER_05]
Congressman again, I'm not here as a medical that's as common that Everyone knows that of course they can I'm just asking you a simple question.
Well, let me do it this way What's the definition of misinformation?

[SPEAKER_04]
Congressman, you know, certainly there's different and varying definitions of misinformation.
At the end of the day, the platforms... Tell me the difference.

[SPEAKER_05]
Tell me what misinformation is.

[SPEAKER_04]
Congressman, you know, these are decisions that the platforms ultimately get to make about how they...

[SPEAKER_05]
I'm not asking that.
I'm a simple question.
What's misinformation?

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, Congressman, I think it's important in the context of these platforms.
How about you, Professor?

[SPEAKER_05]
Can you tell me what misinformation is?
I assume it would be saying something was completely untrue.
Saying something that's untrue, but with no intent, no intent.
Disinformation, this is what all the misinformation experts tell us.
Misinformation, saying something that's not accurate.
Disinformation, saying something that's not accurate with the intent to mislead, right?
That sounds right to me.
You agree, Mr. Seligman?
That's the common definition in the misinformation industry out there?
Yes, my understanding.
OK, that's the definition.
So now, Mr. Floyd, how about this question?
When the Biden administration told the American people that the vaccinated couldn't get the virus, was it misinformation or disinformation?

[SPEAKER_04]
Congressman, again, we were communicating the best medical research that we had at the time on behalf of a group of some of the best doctors in the world in Atlanta and Bethesda.

[SPEAKER_05]
When the Biden administration told the American people that the virus didn't come from a lab, was that misinformation or disinformation?

[SPEAKER_04]
Congressman, again, I can't speak to discussions that were had on that topic.
It's been a couple of years, but again, generally.

[SPEAKER_05]
The White House put pressure on us to censor the lab leak theory.
This was something the White House cared about so much so that Facebook was having the top people at Facebook were having a group discussion on it.
So I'm just asking, when they said that, was that misinformation or disinformation?

[SPEAKER_04]
Congressman, I can't recall the specific...

[SPEAKER_05]
When the Biden administration said that masks work, was that misinformation or disinformation?

[SPEAKER_04]
Again, Congressman, we were communicating the best research at the time, but I also believe that that was a discussion that began in the previous administration as well.

[SPEAKER_05]
How about what Professor Zewicki brought up, Mr. Flaherty?
When the White House said there was no such thing as natural immunity, was that misinformation or disinformation?

[SPEAKER_04]
Again, Congressman, I am not a medical expert, and my job was to communicate on behalf of a team of medical experts.

[SPEAKER_05]
You weren't a medical expert, but you could suggest to Facebook that they needed to change their algorithms so that the American people would not see stuff from the daily wire.
They'd only see stuff from the New York Times.
You can do that, but you can't tell me if they were guessing or lying when they said something that was absolutely not true.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, again, Congressman, my role was as a communicator on behalf of the best information available.
And the role of the platforms was to have a set of policies that they enforced on their own.
And that, you know, my engagement with them had, you know, no bearing on what they're... No bearing?

[SPEAKER_05]
No bearing?
Well, Congressman, again, these are... Who's Clark Humphrey?

[SPEAKER_04]
Clark Humphrey was the digital director for the COVID... Did you work with her?
Yes, Congressman, I did.

[SPEAKER_05]
Part of the White House operation in the same area, right?
You worked with her?
Cars when she worked in a similar area.
Yeah, okay And when so when she said on the third day the Biden administration one to flag the below tweet wondering if you can get moving on get moving on the process for having it removed ASAP That's not trying to impact what the what the platforms do.
That's not that's not Telling the platform what kind of speech can be out there?

[SPEAKER_04]
Congressman, again, we had the ability to flag whatever we wanted, and the platforms had an ability to say, no, I can't speak to whether or not they took any action on the particular community.

[SPEAKER_05]
If they said no, the President of the United States says Facebook is killing people.
They obviously felt the pressure.
That's why they're having that group text conversation.
How about this one?
When the Biden administration told the American people the border is secure, was that misinformation or disinformation?

[SPEAKER_04]
Congressman, again, I'm here to discuss my engagements with social media platforms.

[SPEAKER_05]
I'm just asking.
You were in the Biden administration when these kind of statements were being made.
How about this one?
When the Biden administration said the inflation reduction act will actually reduce inflation.
Was that misinformation or disinformation?

[SPEAKER_04]
Congressman, again, I'm here to discuss my interactions with social media companies.

[SPEAKER_05]
Let me go back to the first question in the last 13 seconds.
Any chance you'll answer one question for me?
When the Biden administration told the American people that the vaccinated couldn't get the virus,
Were they guessing or lying?

[SPEAKER_04]
Congressman, we were communicating on behalf of the best medical research that we had available at the time.
