[SPEAKER_01]
The news comes as the U.S. is experiencing the largest summer surge of infections in two years.

[SPEAKER_02]
Manufacturers say they have the doses ready to go and are now just waiting for that final FDA approval.
Tell us about these vaccines that we were mentioning in regards to getting this approval.
What is the difference and what your people know about them?

[SPEAKER_12]
They're said to be substantially improved from what they were before.
That's the Pfizer spokesperson who's talking about that.

[SPEAKER_04]
Moderna execs say millions of doses of its updated COVID vaccine are ready.

[SPEAKER_11]
We're anticipating the FDA determination of the updated COVID vaccine imminently, which would mean that the vaccine would be in the system within days thereafter.

[SPEAKER_04]
Moderna's VP of Medical Affairs in North America explains mRNA allows for COVID vaccines to be updated faster.

[SPEAKER_11]
We were only given the information after the FDA deliberated and their advisors made the recommendation on what should be the formulation, what variants should be in this updated vaccine.
It was a mere six weeks ago.

[SPEAKER_05]
I think we're also going to start seeing people
stop being quite so fearful with the vaccine.
It's been around for several years now.
It is tried and true.
It is not causing the severe outcomes in terms of side effects that a lot of people were afraid of.

[SPEAKER_02]
The CDC recommends everyone over six months old get an updated COVID and flu shot this year.

[SPEAKER_01]
Both updated vaccines will start to be available at pharmacies and in your doctor's offices.
So make a plan now to get your updated vaccine in September or October.

[SPEAKER_12]
I'm going to get one myself.
I believe in these vaccines and I'm going to make sure that my patients get them when they agree to do it.

[SPEAKER_14]
Let's start off with a check of your next weather with meteorologist Alyssa Carlson.
She joins us live in the studio.
Alyssa, this really is the calm before the storm.
Not again!
No!

[SPEAKER_09]
Oh!
Tonight on VSRF Live, we're joined by famed integrative medicine expert Dr. Christian Bogner and oncology physicist Alex Zaharykis for a fascinating discussion on why there is hope for overcoming autism on the horizon.

[SPEAKER_08]
You know, if you look at any chronic disease, I think we can agree that autism is one of the most complex ones.
We have a child that was developing fine, something happened, and then they're not fine anymore.
All of a sudden,
child has autism, you know, strange behaviors, inability to communicate, no speech.
And what happened?
And in order to figure this out, I mean, you know, for the last 30 years, we have made little progress.
In fact, the autism rates have gone up.
So I think we can agree that that would be maybe a good problem to look at because everything else tends to maybe
be somewhat related to that.

[SPEAKER_09]
Good evening and welcome to another episode of VSRF Live.
I'm your host, Livio Sanchez.
Tonight we have a powerful and informative show focused on the autism epidemic.
We will be joined by an exceptional functional medicine doctor, Dr. Christian Bachner and his business partner, microbiome expert, Alex Zaharykis.
We're also honored to have the inspiring autism activist, author and filmmaker, Polly Tomey with us as well tonight.
Autism is more than just a diagnosis.
It's a journey that impacts millions of families worldwide.
This evening, we're going to explore this journey from multiple perspectives.
We'll delve into the latest research and medical insights with Dr. Bogner and Alex, and we'll hear from Polly Tommy about her personal experiences as both an advocate and a mother, as well as her latest film, Vaxxed 3, Authorized to Kill.
Together, we'll uncover the challenges families face and the hope that lies within the autism community.
But before we bring on our guests, I want to take a moment to thank all of you, our loyal VSRF followers, for showing up every week.
Your support is the backbone of everything we do, and we couldn't do it without you as our work relies entirely on donations.
And it's not too late to get your entries in for our Substack raffle.
In fact, let me bring up the
QR code right here.
Tonight, the lucky winner will receive a year's subscription to the following seven substacks.
Steve Kirsch, Dr. Mary Taliboden, Sasha Latapova, Dr. Jessica Rose, Dr. Meryl Nass, Jeff Childers, ESQ, which is the coffee and COVID substack, and Warner Mendenhall, one of our friend lawyers.
So please help support us and donate today by entering the raffle.
Every donation counts and all donations are tax deductible.
We will be ending the raffle at the end of the interviews right before Q&A.
And then after Q&A, before the end of the show, we will announce the winner live on our Rumble and X broadcast.
So you got another few minutes to get your donations or your raffle tickets in and we'll announce the winner towards the end of the show.
In the meantime, I want to bring in our founder, Steve Kirsch, who's coming to us live from, and Nurse Angela.
Hello, Steve and Angela.
Welcome to VSRF Live.

[SPEAKER_03]
Hi, how are you guys?
Good to see you, Livio.

[SPEAKER_09]
Great to see you, Angela, and great to see you, Steve.
Where are you tonight?
Go ahead.

[SPEAKER_03]
We're in True North.
We're a little hangry.
We've been having water for the last couple of days.
And I think our last meal was Monday morning.
So we're doing good.
I mean, Steve is probably crawling the walls a little bit, but we're hanging in there.

[SPEAKER_09]
Steve, what's your mood like tonight without having eaten in, what, three days?

[SPEAKER_10]
It's actually not as bad as Angela told me it would be.
She said it's the hardest thing that you'd ever do in your life.
No.

[SPEAKER_03]
He's doing great.
I say that he's crawling the walls because, you know, Steve, he's been good and he's doing great.
His energy is good.
He's thinking clearly and... You feel like...

[SPEAKER_10]
you're constantly feeling like you're waiting for your next meal.
Right now I feel like I'm ready to have my next meal.
So in other words, you're not satiated, but you're not super hungry either.
It's not like after a 16-hour fast,
If you do intermittent fasting, it's not like it's 16 hours like you're really ready.
It's kind of like you're eight hours into a fast.
That's what it feels like.

[SPEAKER_09]
And how much longer before you can eat something or besides drink water?

[SPEAKER_10]
Whenever I decide to end the fast.

[SPEAKER_09]
It's in your hands.

[SPEAKER_10]
It's always in my hands.

[SPEAKER_09]
And do they give you a sort of range when they think you might decide to end the fast?

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, I guess so, but your body will tell you as well.
If your energy level drops, it's a sign to end the fast.
It's like you're done.
And of course, if you waste away time to end the fast, you're wasting away muscle as well as fat.
So you can do the calculation based on how much weight you're actually losing.
You're gonna lose a bunch of water weight at the very beginning.
And also the stuff that's in your stomach is now no longer in your stomach.
So you're losing weight that way.
So that's really false weight.
And then you start losing.
Well, you're starting to lose fat as well as as well as muscle.
And the ratio changes.
And I'm not getting really good analytics out of these guys in terms of, you know, where are the optimum places?
Because I asked them, I said, do you do DEXA scans on people every day?
They had DEXA scan machine here and they didn't do it every day.
So they don't know.
So I'm a little as a data guy, I'm a pretty
Let's say I'm not happy with the analytics.

[SPEAKER_09]
You have to get a t-shirt that says, show me the data.

[SPEAKER_03]
Because of the radiation.

[SPEAKER_10]
That's silly.
The DEXA scans are minimal radiation risk.

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, I hope you can get into some of the microbiome discussion with Dr. Bogner because I think he also Alex is right.
So I'm going to I was going to talk.
We have a little technical difficulties at the start of the show getting it going.
But so I'm going to skip over talking about your army doctor conversation.
I really want to get into it, but I'm going to save that for either next week or maybe at the end of the show.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.
So for people who are wondering about that,
My doctor, who I talked to, who's in the
as a military doctor and I put all sorts of obfuscations so you can't tell whether it's Army or Navy or what have you.
The military doctor I spoke to recently, he got a little skittish after I accidentally hit the publish button on that article and I was just editing it.
So he got a little skittish because he's worried about his pension.

[SPEAKER_09]
Oh yeah.
So he didn't want to identify himself.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yep.

[SPEAKER_09]
That makes sense.
I mean, that's one of the big reasons people actually chose to allow themselves to be coerced into getting the injectable anyway.
They didn't want to lose their job, their career, their pensions.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.
And I talked to Senator Johnson also about an hour ago and he was saying, boy, we need whistleblowers.
We need these people who are like military doctors to come forward.
The more that we have,
the better.
And he said he's just like not getting anybody to come forward and talk.
And without that, of course, they can keep doing this over and over again.
But the military stories, the data from the military doctors is the most devastating data that I have ever heard.
And I've been doing this for a long time.
And there is no doubt whatsoever
It's really hard from big data analysis because people will obfuscate that, but there's no way to obfuscate having 10 strokes in two years in a military base when you won't see a single stroke in 30 years.
There's no way to hide those kinds of signals because it's in very healthy individuals.
You can't say, oh, well, these guys had comorbidities or this was just bad luck.
10 versus zero is not bad luck.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, no, those numbers are jarring.
All right, so I want to jump into our guests.
And before I bring on Dr. Bogner, I want to remind everyone we will have Q&A at the end of the interviews.
Put your questions in the chat, all caps.
And if you choose to do a super chat and donate five bucks, we'll move your question right up to the top of the list.
So without further ado, I'm going to bring on
Dr. Christian Bogner, welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you this evening, sir?

[SPEAKER_08]
I'm doing great.
Thank you so much, Livio, and thank you, Steve, and Angela, and Janet, and for having us on, Alex and I, and I'm also very excited to be on the stage with
But Polly here, probably she doesn't remember me, but met you probably about 10 years ago at some Autism One conference where you were screening Vax 1.
So now we're talking about Vax 3, so I'm excited.

[SPEAKER_09]
Great.
Yeah, well, we're going to bring them on after you and Steve have a chance to talk.
But before I let you guys go, I want to read your bio.
You are a dedicated father, seasoned clinician and passionate advocate for autism research and holistic health care.
Dr. Bogner's journey into functional medicine was deeply influenced by his eldest child's autism diagnosis.
Motivated by this personal experience, he embarked on a mission to unravel the mysteries of autism spectrum disorder, ASD, and explore innovative support protocols.
Dr. Bogner, not only a respected clinician, but also a distinguished lecturer, sharing his expertise with patients and aspiring healthcare professionals and parents.
His commitment to continuous learning led him to become a certified functional medicine physician, complementing his board certification in obstetrics and gynecology.
Dr. Bogner also holds a plant-based nutrition certification from Cornell University, reflecting his belief in the healing power of phytonutrients.
His fascination with the intricate interplay between genetics, the microbiome, and the environment has fueled his exploration into groundbreaking research areas.
As a clinical consultant for MaxGen Labs, Dr. Bogner is at the forefront of pioneering supportive treatments, integrating cutting edge science with compassionate care.
Dr. Bogner's research interests span a wide spectrum from genetic polymorphisms to motor neuron pathology.
He is particularly intrigued by the potential of plant medicine, cannabinoids, and effective natural pseudocals in promoting holistic wellness.
Wow.
Thank you so much.
That is an impressive resume you have, Dr. Bogner.
I will be back to introduce Alex after you and Steve have a chance to chat for a bit.
Take it away, Steve.

[SPEAKER_10]
Thanks, Livio.
So thank you, Dr. Bogner, for coming on the show.
I know we've been trying to get you as a guest here for a while.
And so I guess I'm pleased that we're having this discussion.
So I'd like to start off just asking you, what's your personal story?
Your oldest child had autism.
How did that happen?
How did it present itself?
And did you make any changes?
Did you have an opportunity to make changes after you had another child?

[SPEAKER_08]
Great questions, Steve.
And again, thanks for having me on.
I was a resident here in Detroit, in a busy OBGYN hospital downtown.
And I had my son, Phil.
He's 19 now.
And by that time, he was saying words.
He was smiling.
He had eye contact.
There were no concerns.
And then received the MMR shot.
And within the next several weeks, we lost him and, you know, started regress, inter-regressive autism, lost his speech, eye contact, you know, repetitive movements, the whole nine yards.

[SPEAKER_10]
And when did you notice the first signs of autistic behaviors after the MMR shot?

[SPEAKER_08]
Did you notice the difference within 24 hours or 48 hours?
No, I have a lot of parents that I see that report that.
For me, it was more gradual regression, worse and worse and worse, lost him.
And so I would say first signs we saw probably within the first week,
already, not responding to the name and losing speech more and more.
But I would say it hit the bottom at about 12 weeks, I would say.

[SPEAKER_10]
And when did you first realize, when did you first connect
the vaccination with the autism, because probably when you saw this and you went to to the experts, they probably told you, no, that's just a coincidence.
How did you were you gaslit when you asked about the connection?
And did you realize that there was a connection when that happened?
Because obviously, if you knew there was a connection, you probably wouldn't have vaccinated your your child with the MMR vaccine.

[SPEAKER_08]
And to be quite honest with you, I didn't know much about autism at all.
You know, what's the current research just as much as right now, probably I care about Lou Gehrig's disease.
I don't know much statistics and all of that because I'm not affected.
So at that point, I started to open all of the resources that I had available to my fingertips in regards to articles and who are the experts.
No, I mean, the first person you go to as a parent is the pediatrician.
Hey, these are my concerns.
There's a different child right here.
It's obvious.
But of course, there's no correlation.
And that's what I was told.
And there's this long waiting list of evaluation.
Good luck.
You get the evaluation.
You get the diagnosis.
Hey, you can do ABA speed.
OT, good luck.
And again, no one cared.
Pediatrician at that point was like, oh, it's autism.
It's not my expertise.
And then you're lost.
You're lost and you're part of the systems.
And like I said, nobody cares.
So I took things into my own hands and pretty much for the last 17 years on a quest of researching everything possible about autism from brain to gut to liver to immune system, relearned everything.
And it's, I mean, we're not done yet.
It's just getting more and more clear that whole picture of what's going on.
It took many years to unlearn and actually accept what the real truth is.

[SPEAKER_10]
So when you vaccinated your child with the MMR, your son with the MMR shot, were you a believer in that everything that you were taught in medical school, that vaccines are safe and effective, vaccinating your child is the right thing to do and all that.
So I call that being on the blue pill.
So were you like 100% blue pilled at that point?
100%, yes.
OK, and so when did you make the connection between the MMR vaccine and autism?
Because they were they were telling you there's no connection.
It was just a coincidence.
When did you when did the light switch flip for you?
Were you realized that these guys are gaslighting me?

[SPEAKER_08]
I knew immediately that that was my intuition and that fired up my
kind of quest of, I need to find out because nobody's telling me.
Nobody's agreeing with me, nobody's telling me, but I knew I saw it with my own eyes.
And so I needed to start, relearn everything.
Nothing like this was ever taught in medical school about package inserts of vaccines or side effects that we see on the vaccine package inserts.
All of that was shocking to me, just like any other parent that starts to investigate.
I didn't really have much advantage other than
reading paper after paper after paper and then started to see, you know, what can I do at this point?
It is a vaccine.
There was no questioning in my mind until today.
It just gets confirmed over and over and over again when I talk to parents of my intake and I ask them, what do you think happened?
You know, no suggestions at all.
And like I told you before, it's about 90, if not 95% of all parents that I see believe that the vaccines in one way or another were involved
in their child's development or contributed to the development of autism.

[SPEAKER_10]
So in other words, you suspected it was the vaccine that caused the behavior or the change in behavior because of the time proximity.
And then as you learned more and more, it just confirmed more and more what you had thought.
So there wasn't sort of this magical moment where, bam, you realized that you were right.
It was more just a
you were pretty confident that it was the vaccine.
And then as you got more and more data, you became more and more confident that your intuition was correct.
Would that be fair?

[SPEAKER_08]
A hundred percent.
Yes.
And, you know, two years after he was diagnosed, so it was probably about two years after he received the MMR, except his titers, he wasn't immune against any of those three viruses.
He had no immunity at all, no immune reaction.
So what happened?
Where's that virus?
Where was his immune system?
And so, you know, I'm not here saying every vaccine has autism.
I'm here, you know, to say, what about Jimmy?
He received, you know, all 28 vaccines by the age of two years that are recommended.
Why doesn't he have autism?
So there is, you know, some things that we have discovered that are contributing.
That's clearly a genetic susceptibility.
of detoxification of these toxins.
Like Alex always told me, what he was telling me, you can punch somebody over and over.
Eventually, you're going to get knocked out.
So how many punches can you take?
What's your genetic resilience in regards to all of these toxins that we're faced with?
And it's not just vaccines.
Although they found glyphosate in vaccines, Zen Honeycutt has done great work with that.
It's a combination of our toxic environment.
Vaccines are definitely a big contributor, but there's glyphosate, there's antibiotic overuse, medication use, paternal stress, the energy that your parents emit, the stress, the depression, Tylenol.
There's a lot that we have come across, but we are, Alex and I, honestly, Steve, not so much focused on that.
We don't want to go after the beast.
Is it intentional?
Is it not?
We have our opinions, but we're not pursuing those.
What we are doing, we're going into the field.
We're in the field every day.
We've seen thousands of patients, and we're trying to see what can we do right now for those that got wounded, rather than saying, how can we prevent this?
We just don't have the bandwidth.
There's so many children.
Two million is the conservative estimate.
Children in the United States affected.
which is one in 36 children right now, one in 28 boys, and I think it's about one in 22 children in California right now, like RF Kennedy mentioned the other day on his speech.
And the rates are going up.
Millions and millions of dollars are spent.
What was the budget?
330 million the CDC spends every year for autism research.
What has happened the last 30 years when it started to explode in the 1990s?
Nothing.
The autism rates are going up.
It's a $500 billion, half a trillion dollar economic burden, estimated to be next year, autism.
It's a catastrophe.
Our children are suffering.
The fact that pediatricians, you know, I see patients, five year old kid that punches his head all night and there's no lab work.
The pediatrician has not ordered any lab work.
What's this iron?
What's this liver doing?
What's his minerals?
No blood work.
Oh, it's autism.
It's a shame.
And I'm ashamed to have been part of the system.
You know, I was seeing pregnant patients.
I've seen newborn patients from that aspect, even pre-conception counseling.
And what we're telling these mothers of getting vaccinated during pregnancy and giving them toxic prenatal vitamins and have no dietary counseling, just, you know, assembly line.
chemicals, no good counseling.
So I was disgusted and I left and, you know, maybe we don't affect millions of patients, but if I can help one child, then my life is complete.
And we're going one patient after the next.
And with Alex, it's been a blessing because he has his own expertise.
We've found a core reason of what needs to be addressed.
Because like I said, we've seen so much, everything under the moon from
I've heard MMS, stem cells, stool transplants, cannabis, hyperbaric oxygen, PANS, pandas, immunotherapy, chelation, you name it, I've seen everything, but nothing, none of these in our opinion is feasible, as feasible and as impressive as addressing the microbiome.
As you know, Steve, you know, vaccines affect the microbiome and
there clearly is an insult.
And we believe it is because of genetic susceptibility, in particular with the sulfation pathway.
And we have developed protocols to support these pathways.
And at the same time, trying to nurture the microbiome with prebiotics, probiotics, and natural herbs that have evidence-based medicine behind them
how they affect certain bacteria.
And I think Alex will talk about that more, but I haven't seen results as good as with this.
And I've done a lot and a lot of different testing modalities over the years, thousands worth of dollars for these parents and everything was abnormal.
And we treated those abnormal labs, but the child rarely had significant improvement where you could say, oh my God,
everybody should do this.
But now we got to this point with finding these particular sulfated molecules last year, along with the microbiome balancing piece, where we see just the feedback speaks for itself.
It's not just me here promoting anything.
I think later on, Libio will share some of the messages, hundreds and hundreds of messages that we have received from parents in regards to the improvements that they see in a relatively short time.
in regards to finding eye contact back, sleeping better.
We're not talking about a child applying to college next month, but we're talking about the little things that make these big changes for parents and want to sleeping through the night.
The child doesn't sleep at night, the parent doesn't sleep at night, everybody's in a bad mood.
Or eye contact, the awareness, receptive, the receptive awareness
And then also we have seen children who started speaking again.
And it's very, very satisfying and it's a blessing.
And believe it or not, Steve, we have communicated with children that are nonverbal, but are able to communicate with us and have given us
information that has helped us develop some of our protocols.
And that's from young children with an extremely beyond belief intelligence.
If you've watched the movie or the documentary called Spellers, you know, where they followed six teenage autistic individuals, you know, nonverbal, and you could see obvious autism signs and on distress and sensory issues.
some of them wearing earmuffs, that these children are able to communicate by spelling.
They found this technique called spelling to communicate.
It's an incredible thing.
And they found that these children are poets, they're intelligent, all of them.
And I have absolutely no doubt that every child that's affected with autism, with vaccine or antibiotics or any other poison, they're 100% there, no matter how
Strange they behave, no matter how they injure themselves or others, they are 100% there.
The problem is the output.
The intellect is there.
It's the motor neuron system that's affected.
And that is a huge revelation.
It came to me after about 16 years of working in autism to see my son, very severe autism, solve complex math problems that I could not solve with a calculator.
And he solves it in his head.
and other children that have talked about organic chemistry with us when we discussed sulfation detox pathway support and they're giving us advice.
It's been a fascinating journey personally and professionally.
And I think we're on the right path.
We're collaborating with a lot of other practitioners that are jumping on board with our program.
including the president of the MAP Society, which is a large autism, alternative medicine, autism society.
And we're moving forward, one patient at a time.
We started a foundation that's gonna be up and running here shortly, where we want to raise the awareness.
It's called Autism is Biomedical.
And the message is,
you know, that basically there are things you can do.
And we want to support parents.
We want to sponsor parents to go through these biomedical approaches, not necessarily ours, but other physicians.
I've interviewed a lot of practitioners that are in the field that agree, hey, in my practice, I see good results.
And so those are the individuals we want to connect with.
We want to put them on the foundation website and we want to sponsor patients to see that individual if the individual chooses so.
We're not pushing an agenda.
We just want to raise awareness that this is clearly a biomedical condition, which means it's treatable.
And no one should tell you any different if you haven't been in the field.
I've seen thousands of families, Alex the same.
We've been living it for quarter century with our sons.
We have treated over a thousand patients over the last decade.
This is a treatable condition.
And don't let anybody tell you different because they don't know what they're talking about.
I don't care about any study.
They are flawed.
I don't care about this.
If I have 90% of parents filling out my survey saying they believe that vaccines are involved in their child, are they all wrong?
Are they all wrong?
No.
And, uh, you know, I don't advertise for my services, you know, it's, you know, word by mouth.
goes along.
Hey, can you help my friend?
Can I come with my child?
And then the next one comes.
And that's how we work.
The most we have learned or I've learned is from other parents, not from other doctors or lectures.
It's all self-learned and heroic parents that are in the same boat.

[SPEAKER_09]
I'm curious if you've been able to change any of your former colleagues or any other physicians out there in your research and the work you've been doing.
Have you been able to change any minds or open their eyes a little bit?

[SPEAKER_08]
Not directly, to be honest.
Everybody's entitled to their own opinion.
I'm not here to piss it down your throat.
I discuss it.
If there's no interest, I quickly move along.
I don't want to waste my time.
We have children that are suffering that need to be treated.
And if it's me against the world, that's fine.
If I die on my knees, that's not going to happen.
I'm going to stand up and continue to do.
I'm not here to convince other physicians because they're not going to.
In my opinion, it doesn't make much sense.
They're locked into the system, into that grid so hard.
They have their children in college.
They need to pay for that.
They have an expensive lifestyle.
Then there's the retaliation.
that they face and the loss of income.
No, I left it behind everything.
I lost everything.
I had to sell my car when I switched into this to open my own practice because I couldn't pay the bills.
It was a hard time to get out of that grid.
It took me some planning, but it's very, very scary to be out there.
You don't know what's going to come and who's going to get you.
great journey to the point where we are talking about aluminum, I remember, at an Autism One conference, and I got death threats just prior.
Don't talk about this.
And I mean, you can ask the founder of Autism One, Terry Oranga.
She needed to arrange protective services that followed me around during the conference.
I went in and went out.
I mean, it's, you know, and that's when I decided I don't want to go after the beast.
There are other people like Steve, I think, or, you know, Dr. Malone or Peter McCalla or Dale Bigtree and Wakefield.
I just want to go into the field and do what a physician should do, and that's to help the wounded.
Powerhouses like you hopefully will be successful in bringing change to this corrupt system
that clearly is deliberate.
There's no other explanation for this.
In my opinion, it's deliberate.
And yeah, it's going to be one of the dark ages, the dark things to look back and especially knowing that we can help these children.
And it's so frustrating to see that we're just sitting in a circle with all these billions of dollars spent into genetic research on that when it's right in front of our eyes.
So I believe there must be more to some sort of mass hypnosis.
I think Dr. Malone called it mass hypnosis.
There's a word for it.

[SPEAKER_09]
Menticide is one of them, mass psychosis.
Yeah, I know he references Matthias Desmit's book.
quite often.
Is now a good time to bring on your colleague Alex?
Do you want to bring on Alex?
You think I should bring him on now or do you want to follow up a little bit more with Dr. Bogner?

[SPEAKER_10]
I had a couple questions.
Did you give up your traditional medical license?
Do you still have a medical license?
Do you still need it or do you care?

[SPEAKER_08]
No, I mean, I have my medical license here in the state of Michigan.
I wouldn't give that up unless they take it from me.
But no, I'm a physician like everybody else.
I went through four years of a surgical specialty where I was involved with pediatrics.
I was involved with neonates.
We had to feed, calculate feedings of newborn babies, intubate them.
We had plenty of space in the pediatric space, but then also prenatal and intrapartum.
So I've seen it from all sides, including the parents, from pre-gestation to gestation to post-gestation pediatrics and everything and all the complications.
unbelievable.

[SPEAKER_10]
My question is if they took away your license to practice medicine, would that impact your work at all?
Because I don't think you're relying on that license anymore in treating these kids who have autism.

[SPEAKER_08]
Honestly, I would like to keep it, of course, because there are certain prescriptions here and there that come in very handy.
During the COVID pandemic, I treated lots and lots of patients with ivermectin and with hydroxychloroquine right after that.
It made total sense, and we have all of the data right there.
Um, you know, so it's, it's helpful to have a medical license, of course, but if they would take it away, would I, I would still do what I'm doing.
There's nothing, nobody can prevent me, uh, from talking to a parent about, you know, using some herbs to treat the microbiome to get the child better.
Um, that's the dedication of my life and medical license, to be honest, doesn't mean anything.
You know, I'm not proud.
to be a doctor in this system, I'm not.
But the duty of a doctor, which is to do no harm and to do everything that you can for your patient is what I believe in.
And if they take my license, if they take my life, that's fine.
But that's what I signed up for and that's how it's gonna go.
But I'm not gonna be silenced in what I believe.
Who's gonna tell me different?
Because I'm in the field, I see it.
And if I'm wrong, I will admit it.
And I've been wrong before.
But that's science.
You admit that and you go along.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.
So I'm going to ask you a question that could result in their taking your license away.
So my question is, we had a discussion before the show started, and I asked you out of 100 kids who have autism,
how many of those are vaccine related and how many of those were not vaccine related because the child wasn't vaccinated or because the autism occurred irrespective of when the vaccine happened.
And you said that there was one out of 100 cases
It's not vaccine.
It does not have an association with a vaccine to trigger or cause the autism.

[SPEAKER_08]
Is that right?
That's my feeling from my patients.
I haven't looked at the data or ran it, but it's about one in a hundred.
Not every patient that I see that has autism was vaccinated.
Some of them have autism.
They have never had one vaccine.
The mother didn't either during pregnancy.
And so we do believe there are other factors.
It's a big player, but not the only player.

[SPEAKER_10]
Right.
But a big player, meaning 99% are associated with vaccines.
I think that's the elephant in the room.
And yet too few doctors are speaking out about this.
Can you give me the names of 10 doctors who still have their medical licenses, who are trying to tell the world, who are waging this battle which you said that you're abstaining from because you want to focus your efforts on treating autistic kids?
Who would you say the doctors are?
who are speaking out against their profession and saying that my profession is wrong.
The childhood vaccine schedule is associated with or causing autism and we need to acknowledge this so that we can fix the problem.
So who are the doctors who are going up against the beast?

[SPEAKER_08]
I mean, you can probably, Steve, you can just pretty much look up any presenter at any of those autism conferences from, you know, for example, documenting hope or autism one or the maps.
You know, we have hundreds of doctors that they wouldn't come to this conference if they would believe that, you know, oh yeah, I mean, I believe in this, but hey, vaccines are cool.
No, nobody would go and listen to that lecture.
But there, you know, like I said, the MAP Society president, Dr. Neunschwander, he's been very outspoken about vaccines.
You know, there's Peter McCalla, there's, you know,
I could mention many, but it probably wouldn't mean a lot, but yes, there are many, many of us who speak out.

[SPEAKER_10]
So are there hundreds of doctors who are speaking out, or is it in the sub-hundred?
Because I'm trying to be pretty aware of this stuff, and I don't run across doctors other than Peter McCullough.
PR Corey and but because I'm kind of in the vaccine crowd.
So I hear about those doctors, but I don't hear about autism specialists that are speaking out publicly against it.
So is that a number of fairly small number?

[SPEAKER_08]
You know, that's relative compared to all of the physicians in this country.
It's of course, it's a drop in the bucket.
But I mean, we do gather those that do want to speak up at conferences mostly.

[SPEAKER_10]
But is it on the order of less than a hundred, fewer than a hundred doctors?

[SPEAKER_08]
It's definitely more than a hundred.
It's more than a hundred.
Ask them for a statement.
Are vaccines correlated with autism?
They would say yes.

[SPEAKER_10]
And so why can't we have a public debate on whether vaccines are causing autism or not?
Is it that people from the other side who say the vaccines are safe and effective and they don't cause autism, that they just don't want to come to the table and resolve this issue?
Because resolving this issue, it is way, way better to prevent a case of autism than it is to try to treat a child who is autistic and try to recover them back to normal.
Prevention is worth a pound of cure.
So why aren't we having these discussions between these medical professionals to resolve the question?
Because obviously there's a huge disagreement here and the impact on the kids is just tremendous.
So why can't we have this discussion between medical professionals?

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, first to kind of backtrack on what you just said, you know, we are on the other side.
We do not believe that it's more important to prevent than to treat.
You know, if somebody gets hit by a car, are you going to hit the one that got hit by the car because he's injured or are you going to try to prevent another accident?
I want to help the guy that got injured.
And so I want to help the children that were already injured.
And because of our ignorance and, you know, of really knowing what we're doing with our children, those need to be helped.
And then, you know, but it's two different wars.
We're in a war of finding relief for these suffering children.
And then there are warriors like you who go and debate this in public.
And, you know, I tried.
It's nasty to go after the big beast.
They have unlimited resources to shut you down.
And it's just not my thing.

[SPEAKER_10]
Have there been any debates at all, any public discussions at all between the people who speak at Autism One and people who claim that there's no association with the vaccines and autism?
Have there been any of these discussions?

[SPEAKER_08]
I mean, they've tried.
The latest example was Hotez.
Wasn't he offered a million dollars to come?
debate, who was it, Dr. Malone?
We're hoping to see this in the future, but no, there has not been a real debate, to my knowledge, where we can really have the public decide about what they want to believe.
We're always fed.
I'm sure Alex has some thoughts about that as well.

[SPEAKER_10]
Well, let's bring them on, because when you have one out of 100 that are not associated with vaccination, 99 percent is a pretty good indicator that vaccines are causing autism.
And it's amazing to me that nobody
that this isn't even part of the dialogue.
I mean, I saw an article on CNN recently attacking Bobby Kennedy and it said, well, there's, you know, the statement from CNN is we don't know what does cause autism, but we know for sure that vaccines don't cause autism.
So Alex, what do you think of that statement from CNN?

[SPEAKER_06]
You know, honestly, what I think is that until it happens to you, it's easy to be on the other side of the coin.
And I try to imagine what happened to me and my child and think, would I have the same mentality, experiences, and viewpoints as I do now?
And probably not.
And that's why I think having skin in the game makes a big difference.
And so you asked specifically about the other practitioners, it's not as common to find a practitioner that has a child that's affected.
So you really have to put your skin out there to not only take this very hard defense against these huge pharmaceutical companies, but if you don't have a child that's affected, you're thinking about the ability for you to have an income and a lifestyle and do you really want to put,
yourself out there and expose yourself.
So I think until it happens to you, you start to open your eyes up and start to look at the pieces a little bit better and say, hey, you know, this doesn't make any sense.
I mean, prior to what happened to my son, I had no intent.
So my son was between jobs.
I just took a new job.
We're moving to my
My parents, some are home for a short period and my son was between pediatricians and was being treated for an infection.
He was supposed to get his vaccinations and they were being delayed.
And then at some point it was decided that it was okay for him to get these vaccinations.
And after the vaccinations, he had a terrible fever, 105 fever that wouldn't stop for a week.
weeks worth of Tylenol, he was actually given steroids at the same time, and then he checked out.

[SPEAKER_10]
And it was... You know, if I had a nickel for every story I heard that's exactly like yours, I could retire.
We got the shots or we got the catch up shots.
The child had a fever and boom,
The child was never the same.
Do you hear that story over and over?

[SPEAKER_06]
I hear it all the time.
I've actually had people that have read my story and come to me and say it was the same story that happened to them.
And it's got to be so much that it became numb to me.
At first it gave me a chilling feeling, but now I've just become almost immune to it because, you know,
I don't know that there's anything that I can do to comfort that other than say, hey, this is the way out of the hole.
And that's what we've kind of been focusing on.
But I would love to debate all the decrees of what makes sense and what doesn't make sense about vaccination and where things go wrong and why there are issues.
I'd love to debate the best people on the other side of the aisle.

[SPEAKER_10]
Will they agree to debate with you?

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, that's the thing is, is that you're not gonna, it's like kind of trying to change someone to be a different religion.
You know, you might get somebody to come over once in a while, but until it happens to them, until something happens to them that causes them to be a believer and start to look at things with an open view and say, hey, maybe there's a possibility that something's going on here, you're gonna have a hard time
convincing those people and you're probably gonna catch more fire than anything.
And don't get me wrong, there's been times when I've gone after people and say, here's the evidence, look, it's right in front of you, here's the situations.
And then all it does is just kind of rattle me up and then I say, you know what, I spent all my effort doing this, there's probably bigger people that can do it better.
If I can instead help somebody out that maybe isn't quite on the side
that vaccines are causing this thing and bring them to the table, I might be able to get a better result in the end.
So I'm more in seeing is believing and vaccines are implicated in the immune system.
You mess with the immune system when the kid is very young and is pointed developing, you got a recipe for disaster.

[SPEAKER_09]
I want to jump in real quick, Steve, and introduce Alex to the audience.
I didn't get a chance to read his bio, so let me just do that real quick.
Alex is a grateful husband and father of two.
His deep interest in the microbiome and biomedical healing is driven by his son's regressive autism, which began at 17 months after a series of medical events, as he just told us.
many of which were microbiome focused.
This personal experience has fueled Alex's dedication to researching the microbiome and helping other parents navigate the biomedical and microbiome challenges associated with autism to develop effective intervention strategies.
Alex is a licensed and board certified medical physicist in radiation oncology with a strong background in physics, mathematics and biology.
He has applied his life experiences to develop an analytical method for quantifying and addressing intestinal dysbiosis.
or is it dysbiosis?
Yeah, dysbiosis, a condition he believes plays a significant role in the development and severity of autism and other diseases.
Currently, Alex is pursuing his functional medicine degree from the American Academy of Functional Health.
He is also an active practitioner through BioMessite, a 16S microbiome testing service where he provides free analysis for children with special needs.
I just wanted to make sure that we got that in so everyone knows your background.
You can continue.
Sorry.
Thank you for that.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.
Yeah.
So, so, so Alex, I'd love to know when your red pill moment was.
Is it, is it similar to the, oh, I suspect once it happened, I suspected the vaccine.
And then as I researched more and more.
I had more and more conviction in my hypothesis or did you not know what had happened and just went to your doctor and your doctor said, oh, that's just a coincidence.
It's not related to the vaccines.
And then, you know, what was your what was your particular red pill moment when you realized what happened?
And then my second question is,
How did you guys make the connection between autism and the microbiome?
Did this have anything to do with Andrew Wakefield's work?
How did you connect the dots there?
Let's start with when was your red pill moment and then connecting the dots to the microbiome.

[SPEAKER_06]
I think the red pill moment was probably two or three weeks later after that event.
It took about a week for my son to
stabilize with the fever.
We went back to the pediatrician.
The actual pediatrician refused to see us, so we had to see somebody else.
That particular pediatrician was puzzled why so many things were given at the same time.
My son started to stabilize, but we were telling them that he was just acting so differently.
It was every day that kind of a new thing that would happen that you'd either have these bouts of hysterical laughter and, you know, toe-walking.
And, you know, at that time, I was kind of still like, you know, it's in the back of my meds.
Something happened here, but I kind of didn't want to believe it because, you know, I have no reason to believe that there's a nefarious agent.
You know, you want to be able to go and pay a professional and trust them that they're going to take care of your kid.
I mean, I'm not looking for anything else other than to take care of my family, right?
I don't want to have to think about the medical issues that they have.
I want to trust in a specialist.

[SPEAKER_10]
So the original pediatrician refused to see you.

[SPEAKER_06]
Why is that?
When we were complaining that he was still having the fevers issues, they told us to take him back to the hospital.
And then when we went back, that particular pediatrician just didn't want to see us.
We had to see the medical assistant.
And there was no talk about filing a vaccine report or something like that.
I didn't even hear about that until years later when COVID happened.
Oh, that was a thing.
You could do that.
But so we were recommended to about two weeks later to get the flu shot.
And my wife and I are looking at each other and they're like, no, he really needs to do it.
He had this viral issue.
This is going to keep him from getting worse.
And so we decided to give it to him.
And then things went south.
And in two weeks time, we were making another appointment with a different pediatrician to get evaluated for early intervention, all this stuff.
And it was just...
If I could go back in time, there was a lot of things I could do differently, but at the same time, you know, I feel like.

[SPEAKER_10]
When, when, when, when, when was your red pill moment where you realized that, wait a minute, I keep taking their advice and things are not working out and they're not talking to me after I take their advice.

[SPEAKER_06]
I think it's kind of when we got pushed out the door and it was like, you know, go see early intervention and do this.
And you kind of feel like a piece of meat.
Particularly because I actually worked in the hospital, at least the organization that this all went down.
But really the stabbing point was that when we got the diagnosis, we were told by the organization that he's no longer covered because autism is actually an exclusion in their insurance policy.
That was really the stabbing moment for me.

[SPEAKER_10]
No longer covered.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_10]
Sorry, because autism is considered to be...

[SPEAKER_06]
It's a plan exclusion.
So they put it on the burden of the state to pay any of the expenses.
So he went from getting the few speech therapy sessions that he had, he went out of pocket to pay for a diagnosis and all of a sudden everything is starting to be denied.
And because it's a plan exclusion, because they set up in a state
different from where I was living, where they could kind of circumvent the law and use it as a plan exclusion.
So I mean, obviously my mind has gone in so many different directions since then and realized that there's so many nefarious things at play.
But in terms of the microbiome piece, the things that started to make sense to me initially is that I saw that he had a variation in his symptoms and behaviors over the day.
And it just didn't make any sense how a condition could have these discrete points.
So I started to correlate them to eating and then bowel movements.
And it was very apparent one day he was sitting on my lap and he was playing this game, this matching game, which he would do flawlessly.
But there was times where he would actually match the shapes wrong.
I couldn't quite understand why.
And he's sitting on my lap.
And one of the symptoms that he had since this vaccine incident is he could get these very, very hot head, you know, temporal head, almost like fevers.
It was like flush.
They would come randomly during the day.
So as he's sitting there, I actually smell that he's passing gas.
His head is on my cheek.
I feel like someone took a lighter to the side of my face.
And I'm watching him progressively play this game and match it wrong.
And I put the three things together that when he's having a bowel movement, he's having this issue where he's having this temporal fever and he's starting to lose his cognition.
And it was from that point that it was like clockwork.
You could even tell the therapist, hey, he's acting zany, he's acting giddy, he's gonna have a bowel movement.
And started to look into the microbiome and do interventions there and obviously able to tweak his behaviors to see improvements.
I wish I knew now what I knew then.
I think I'd be in a much better place quicker, but it was undeniable, the instances, the improvements and the changes, that there's something wrong with the immune system.
There's something wrong.
The microbiome is a toolbox to access the immune system.
Vaccines are a way that you can significantly alter the immune system.

[SPEAKER_10]
So in your opinion,
These, you know, there are lots of things that people do to try to
recover an autistic child, and they range from hyperbaric oxygen therapy, MMS, chelation, and just a whole list of other things.
If you compare all of those treatments versus microbiome and the approach that you take to treating the microbiome,
Would you, like if you were to give them a number score for which are the most effective treatments, where would you rank the microbiome interventions versus these other methods that I've just mentioned?

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, so I think the answer to that that really kind of makes everything make sense is that there's an order of operations.
You can see improvements with
several of those things.
Some of them are going to be more appropriate at a specific time, depending on where you are in your dysfunction.
But what seems to be the key piece is that if you work on the microbiome first, and there's literature to support this, even in the field of cancer, you might have done hyperbaric oxygen and saw no benefit.
But if you worked the microbiome first and now you try hyperbaric oxygen,
all of a sudden it starts to work.
There was a study in 2020 that looked at FMT in oncology for melanoma and they took patients that had melanoma cancer, they gave them this therapy that basically is an immune therapy to stimulate the immune system against the cancer.
Many of those people are not responders, so they took their non-responders, they gave them FMT and they repeated the immunotherapy and they became responders.
So it's very much my belief that there are so many tools out there.
There's things like biomodulation called laser, hyperbarics, you can do chelated things to get rid of metals.
But I think until you kind of seal up the holes, and that's where the microbiome is, you can get a good amount of gain there.
And then you can go on to these other things and really kind of work the toolbox.

[SPEAKER_10]
So is there a set protocol that if my child had autism, is there a one size fits all type protocol that we're going to start with this for two weeks, we're going to give them that, and we're going to go to this, and we're going to go to that?
How does an autism specialist treat children?
sent a hundred kids to you to be treated.
Would there be a hundred different protocols that are designed on an individual basis or would there be like one protocol or two protocols or four different protocols for the hundred kids?
I mean, how individualized do these treatments need to be?
And how do you decide if they are individualized?
How exactly do you decide based on what the history and what the symptoms are
How do you decide what the best course of treatment is?

[SPEAKER_06]
The best information and the information that I use in terms of being feasible, practical and minimizing expense, I'd say we can get some information from the symptoms without doubt.
If you have these specific stims or behaviors, these indicate certain dysfunctions and we can address those.
That's only a small piece of it.
I'd say the most helpful tool has been doing this particular 16S microbiome test.
And what that does is that allows you to look at the entirety of the microbiome as a fraction.
And that's kind of like going around and sampling the soup in the restaurant and saying, is this soup too salty?
Is it too sweet?
Does it need more spice?
So then based on that test, there might be a specific herb
or a specific prebiotic that helps bring you back into balance, or several of them.
And so what we find is that there are similar dysfunctions.
Almost all the kids have no glyphidobacterium.
It's very important for the immune system and the gut.
But some kids have a huge amount of microcopacteroid and other kids have zero.
So there's a way to tweak that.
You can try to do a one size fit all without doing the test, and you'll definitely get improvement, but it's gonna be a lot slower, and you're kind of shooting in the dark, but certainly the test is gonna fill in a lot of the missing pieces of information, the symptoms help there, and that's basically what we go on.

[SPEAKER_10]
So can you quantify the benefit of this therapy on the children that come to you for treatment?
So are you able to get
a 10% improvement in 90% of the cases?
Are you able to get a 20% improvement in 50% of the cases?
What are the numbers in terms of what you're able to accomplish with treating the microbiome?

[SPEAKER_06]
So we have basically an evaluation form where parents fill this in.
I'm just going to read off the numbers that I have right now.
So for instance,
You know 30 and this is over a six-week period so 30% of the respondents report a 10 to 15 percent improvement in that one round about 10 percent report a 15 to 20 percent improvement about 6 percent 20 to 25 about 10 percent over 25 percent improvement So there's some that were really get a significant improvement and you can do successive rounds
But if I were to say you did three rounds, which is typically what I, you know, three periods of six weeks, that I would say most people can get about 30%.
Obviously it's subjective.
But 90, you know, 95, 96% of the parents that are doing it want to keep on doing it more because they're seeing improvement.
And the way that we kind of pitch this is that this is not going to solve everything, but it can give you a leg up.
If you can get 30% first year, imagine what that does for
Maybe now you need something like chelation or hyperbaric, right?
It just makes things more feasible.
Throwing feces on the wall.
If we can get you stable, the point where you can have these other therapies and they're feasible, it makes all of the difference.
So that's why this is kind of the place where we think you should start.
And we want to collaborate.
We're open to everything.
We certainly don't think that might be possible for everything, but I think if you're trying to get the biggest amount of money in the shortest period of time in the cheapest way possible without having to do anything exotic and have someone's going to finger point at you saying you're doing something wrong, this is the way to go.

[SPEAKER_10]
So are there other practitioners who have adopted your approach and that are treating patients the same way that you're treating patients in your clinic?
Are you able to go to these conferences and explain
what you've been doing and the results that you're getting.
And are you getting other practitioners who treat autistic kids to adopt your approach and abandon what they've been doing before?
Or is it like just a tough road that each doctor likes to have their own way that that they're approaching the problem and it's very difficult to to move them.
So are you able to get others to adopt what you're doing?

[SPEAKER_06]
It's a lot of work.
I have to basically take the data and present it to them.
But for instance, the president of MAPS, which is the Medical Academy for Pediatric Special Needs, and there's another very famed autism practitioner, probably very renowned one, Dr. Andrew Usman.
They both use my software.
They send me emails regularly.
And the reason why is because
There was a patient or two that they had that went to me that saw a significant improvement.
And I started the dialogue.
They say, hey, check this out.
I'm not selling anything.
I just want to share and collaborate and show this is something.
So I'm just trying to push the needle.
It's certainly been hard.
There's people that kind of push you away.
There's people that are very receptive.
Dr. Wagner has been so receptive.
He's not only brilliant, but he gets the big picture.
And that's why I collaborate with him.
But we're trying to move the needle by providing solutions that are feasible and practical and really just kind of help people out, not having the complete answer.
But by the time people wait for the complete answer, life's going to be over.
People need help now.
Most of these parents are single moms.
And it's not even the struggles of just dealing with ASD and having a child with autism.
Keep in mind the statistics that no one talks about.
30 to 40% of the cases are severe, nonverbal, severe.
So autism isn't really understood by the majority of the population.
You see something on TV and you think that that's what it is, but that's really not the reality.
No one really understands the struggles that parents go through with insurance, getting therapies, being shunned in terms of discrimination.
Dr. Biden and I had another parent the other day
that was kicked out and fired from where they live because their child was making too much noise where they live.
And so who do you turn to for help, right?
You send a message to the news channel nine and you never hear back.
They don't wanna cover that.
They wanna cover some stupid thing on the politics that most people don't really care about.
I think Bobby Kennedy has it right.
The biggest issue that we have in this country is our health, our food, the toxicity.
Those are the things that we need to kind of reclaim that.
So, sorry, just frustrating.

[SPEAKER_08]
I want to add that individual that got kicked out, we interviewed him and put it on our social media.
The whole community that we're involved with came together.
I think we raised over $3,000 and he moved out meanwhile and he was very thankful and he will fight the good fight as well.
So that's what we do.
one parent or one patient at a time.
We're not solving all the world's problems here.

[SPEAKER_06]
And this individual, I'll tell you the just quick background story.
I met this person in the park because I saw their child and I can see the child from a distance and say that that kid is autistic.
And I went up to them and it's taken me years to have this courage.
I just want to know that there's things that you can do.
And he started crying because he said, this is the first person that ever come up to me that has tried to offer me
And it was just coincidental that he was looking into this stuff at the same time.
But there is a supreme taboo around anybody talking about helping their child with autism by using biomedical intervention.
And that has to stop.
There's nothing wrong with helping a child to get better and to improve.
And if you were of the mindset that giving your child something like an herb or probiotic or prebiotic is hurting them,
And there are parents out there that will fight you the other way.
I mean, the autism community is full of both ends.
People that say that you should just leave them alone and people that understand that there's an underlying medical issue.
It's very stressful.
And that's why we have this organization.
We started Autism is Biomedical because we want to educate that there is a medical component of it.
We want to show the literature.
We want to show the literature on vaccines and all these things.
Bring people to the table and have them understand
because it's a hard piece to fight.

[SPEAKER_09]
I want to bring on our next guest.

[SPEAKER_10]
One final question, though.
The economics.
Before you do that, I just want to ask one final question, which is the economics.
What is the cost?
to a family if you have one autistic child and, you know, what is the economic cost to that family?
And your treatments are quite a bit less expensive than other interventions.
So if you could comment on that as well, and that's my final question.

[SPEAKER_06]
I mean, personally, myself, I've probably spent over $200,000 on my
you know, between practitioners and medical things on my child.
And, you know, so I do that and I comment on that so that people don't have to do that.
Right.
Right.
I've done everything the kind of wrong way and I've learned from it.
And I know that what works in terms of the things that we're offering, I personally don't charge for any of the analysis that I do.
The 16 S test is about a hundred dollars.
The, the microbiome supplements, typically a couple of hundred dollars for each round.
So it's relatively speaking, it's a very low level expense.
And, you know, you can move on from that and do other things after, you know, one, two, three rounds, you can kind of decide if this is in it for you, but at the very least you can get an analysis and you can see what's wrong there.
And that might give you some information on where to go next.

[SPEAKER_09]
Thank you Alex.

[SPEAKER_08]
The lifetime cost is about 2.4 million.

[SPEAKER_09]
Lifetime, 2.4 million you just said.

[SPEAKER_08]
And like I mentioned earlier, the economic impact, and then we're talking about healthcare, education, special services, lost productivity for the individual, but also for the family.
Many parents had to quit their jobs, stay at home, that's lost income.
But it's about half a trillion by next year.
461 billion was estimated, one source.
And so, yeah, it's pretty scary.

[SPEAKER_09]
Those are astronomical numbers.
Unbelievable.
I want to bring on our next guest while we wait for Steve to come back on.
Polly Tomey, thank you for joining us and I want to thank you for your patience.
It's been such a great conversation.
I didn't want to interrupt the flow of the conversation.
I want to read your bio for those that don't know you.
Polly is a devoted mother raising three amazing children, including her son, Billy, who is vaccine injured.
Polly is well known for her impactful role as a producer in several influential documentaries, including Who Killed Alex Spritalakis, Vaxxed, Vaxxed 2, and the upcoming Vaxxed 3, Authorized to Kill, which will be released in theaters next month.
Polly is also an accomplished author, founding editor-in-chief of the esteemed autism magazine, The Autism File, and co-founder of the Autism Media Channel.
Polly's advocacy extends to her role as the founder of the Autism Trust in both the UK and the US.
An outspoken voice on vaccine injury, Polly has appeared in print and television media worldwide, confronted top political leaders, and remained unwavering in her commitment to revealing the truth about vaccine side effects for 20 years.
Polly has dedicated her life to warning parents about the documented risks associated with vaccines.
Thank you for being with us tonight, Polly.

[SPEAKER_07]
Thank you for having me on.
My goodness, I forgot I did all that.

[SPEAKER_09]
You've been busy.
I'd like to play the trailer for Vax 3 before we get started with the conversation.
So let me play this and then you can actually tell us a little bit about how people can see it before we get into the interview.
Here we go.

[SPEAKER_05]
It's a nightmare.
It's a nightmare.
I ended up in a wheelchair.
Completely seized up.
Thought I was stroking.

[SPEAKER_14]
Couldn't walk.

[SPEAKER_05]
Had to relearn how to walk again.
Kidneys are shutting down.
She had five Pfizer COVID vaccinations.
She never woke up.
This is the life that I have now.
It's when you start thinking, how do I end my life?

[SPEAKER_07]
Something really sinister, really, really sinister was going on.

[SPEAKER_05]
These were fundamental violations of human rights.

[SPEAKER_07]
So we here at Children's Health Defense are going to go back out on the road.
We are going to speak to every single one of you.
What have you been through?
Those are my eyes.

[SPEAKER_05]
This is a huge tumor.
This is the bottom line lung that is filled with blood.
They said it was the most aggressive cancer that they've seen.
I held on to my husband for the very last time and I stayed with him until his body got cold.
I told him that I loved him.
not to be afraid.

[SPEAKER_07]
What have your children been through COVID, through all of the issues that we've had over these last few years?
We want to hear all of your stories.

[SPEAKER_05]
It was hard seeing 25-year-olds coming in with heart attacks, with strokes, because they received the vaccine.
The success rate of these patients getting better was next to zero.

[SPEAKER_13]
There's something wrong.
Something has happened and you have to consider the vaccine.
This is a pandemic of the unvaccinated.

[SPEAKER_05]
You showed up here and you're unvaccinated.
You will suffer for having not done what we had to do.
That to me was a crime against humanity and a violation of my oath.

[SPEAKER_07]
We will continue.
Children's Health Defense will continue and we will not stop until there's justice and this never ever happens again.

[SPEAKER_09]
Wow, I can't wait to see this film.
Polly, I understand.
I'm going to mute Steve for one second.
Steve, we're getting feedback on your mic.
Polly, I understand in order to see the film, people need to buy their tickets in advance in order to keep the screening up.
Before we get into your interview with Steve, can you let us know a little bit about how people can view this film?

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, if you go to vaxt3, the number 3.org, all the information is there, the theatres, where you can go to see it.
We really wanted to try and get it out there in the theatres before we release the movie, just because we feel it's important that you all get together and discuss this.
but I have to tell you that the censorship is through the roof.
We've already been told, Facebook fact checkers have already said it's the most debunked film and it's not even out and no one's seen it yet.
And some theaters are saying they don't want to show the film as well.
So we are dealing with a huge backlash, it's not even out.
So goodness knows what's going to happen when it's out.
But yeah, that's how you go to vaxfree.org and connect with your hosts in your area.
And there's, I think all kinds of Q and A's and things going on as well.
So yeah, one night, 18th of September.

[SPEAKER_09]
That's amazing that you're getting censored before it even screens and they refuse to even screen it.
Everyone out there, go to vax3.org and get your tickets and go support this film because it's critical.

[SPEAKER_07]
The theaters won't even have Vax 3 on them.
So when you turn up at the theater, it'll just have authorized to kill there.
They won't even put the word Vax 3.

[SPEAKER_09]
Really?

[SPEAKER_07]
It's just ridiculous.
But they can censor all they like.
The people carried the last two films and they will carry this one as well.
So the word will get out.

[SPEAKER_09]
That's astonishing that they're censoring it this badly already and changing your title and everything.
I mean, I work in film and I've seen some pretty controversial films play and I've never seen this level of or heard of this level of censorship before a film is even screened.

[SPEAKER_07]
I know, another level of censorship.
Here we go.
But we're fighting them at Children's Health Defence as well.
So, you know, non-stop.
We will win.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yes, we will.
Steve's having a little bit of technical difficulties with his phone.
So I'm going to get us started.
Christian and Alex, you mind hanging out for a little bit and for coming back for Q&A?
Just want to confirm that you guys have a little time to come back.
We have lots of questions.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, absolutely.
Glad to be here with Pauli.
Good to see you again.

[SPEAKER_07]
Lockbuster coming up there.

[SPEAKER_08]
Can't wait to see it.

[SPEAKER_07]
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, I'm going to get us started here, Polly, until Steve gets re-situated.
Did you receive this kind of, when your first film came out, was the censorship strong?
Because this was back in, when did the first film come out?

[SPEAKER_07]
Well, the first Vax film came out 2016.
And this is, I think, where the censorship started.
They made the really bad mistake of throwing us out of Tribeca.
Then Robert De Niro spoke out and said, you've got to see this film.
And then they tried to tell everyone, this is a film you must not see.
It's full of misinformation.
Don't go and see it.
Well, you can't tell the public not to go and see something, because immediately they're going to go and want to see what the fuss is about, at least.
And so hashtag Vax started going viral.
And it was probably the best thing they could have done for us.
Even though it didn't feel like it at the time, it probably was the best thing that could have happened.
But they learned from that.
So when Vax 2 came out, there was no mention in the press or anything.
It was like silence on it.
But still, the people carried it, the people shared it, the people talked about it.
And the filmmakers, I must make it clear to everyone that I didn't make Vax 2 or Vax 3.
It was made by Brian Burrows and Toby Tommy, my son.
So they've made these films.
I'm too close to the subject to make a film about something that I've seen so much of.
So they took it away and they've made it.
And it's really good.
They've done a great job.

[SPEAKER_09]
Now, I remember the Tribeca Film Festival, and if my memory serves me correctly, Robert De Niro actually was interviewed and supported the film, if I'm not mistaken.
He actually came out.
What happened to his voice after they pulled the film?
Can you share what happened there?

[SPEAKER_07]
The question, what happened to him full stop, is what I say right now.
Well, no, he did support us.
Well, he has a son that's on the spectrum, and although he doesn't speak out publicly about it, I think he saw a lot of what was going on and the fraud behind the MMR and the First Facts film, William Thompson admitting to that.
So I think he felt he just said everyone should see it and then make your own mind up from that.
But that helped us enormously.
But again, that's when the censorship started after that.
But it was a little like Back to One did really well because the censorship wasn't there.
But then we started getting theaters saying we don't want you in and we're getting thrown out of places and we're really used to it.
So not a shocker.

[SPEAKER_09]
And we never heard from Taniro again about the scenes.

[SPEAKER_07]
Well, I think he communicated with our team for a bit, but not now.
Certainly not now.
No, we have not heard from him.

[SPEAKER_09]
And have you attempted to get this film into festivals?

[SPEAKER_07]
Nope.
We're not going to play games with these people anymore.
We don't have time.
So we went out on the bus for nearly nine months and we were going to go for a year and we pulled the bus out because we had to get this information out.
We were getting so much of the same thing and it was so dark and so sinister.
that we had to come back, throw the film over to the boys to make it into something so we could get it out.
So we're doing the theaters and then children's health events are gonna make an announcement on the 19th of September about how everybody will be able to see the film.

[SPEAKER_09]
Before I bring Steve back on, who's just about ready, I wanna ask, what was it like when you were driving this giant bus around with the big billboard on it?
Did you get a lot of hate, support?
What was it like out in the streets with this tour?

[SPEAKER_07]
Well, because it's our second bus, remember?
The first bus, we got a lot more hate.
This bus, we didn't.
We got a few people, you know, like beeping at us and swearing at us or shouting Trump at us and stuff like that, because we had children's health events on the side.
But on the whole, on the whole, everybody was really pleased to see us because everybody had a story.
So we weren't attacked as much as we were with the second film.
It was an easier ride.

[SPEAKER_09]
That's interesting because I guess a lot more people are actually not afraid to speak up and actually want some support.
They want to be able to share their stories.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, we did have a few Airbnbs that refused to have us and a few hotels that refused to park the bus.
You know, we'd had a bit of that.
But yeah, no, on the whole, everyone was good.
Everyone was really good.
And the reason why everyone was delighted to see us is because of the dire
stories that we heard.
And it was another level from the last film, Vax II, where we thought we'd seen everything with the dead babies and the Gardasil stories.
We were taken to another level on this, on this tour.

[SPEAKER_09]
Wow.
Well, let me bring Steve back on.
He's set up again.
Welcome back, Steve.
Sorry.
They don't want you interviewing me.
We're having all kinds of gremlins tonight.
We couldn't get started.
And then now Steve is blacked out just as I bring him back on.
What?
Can you hear me?
Your screen went black, but we can actually hear you now.

[SPEAKER_10]
Oh, awesome.
Well, I'm still here.
I'm not in the dark.
As you said, it was working just fine.
I'm using my iPhone here to do this, so I don't know what's going on.
Maybe some bug or something.

[SPEAKER_09]
Maybe log out and log back in, because I think last time you went black on the screen.

[SPEAKER_10]
Do you want me to just refresh?

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, just refresh that way because that way we can see you.
Polly, I want to ask, how are the ticket sales going so far on the pre-sale?

[SPEAKER_07]
They're going really well, except for Manhattan.
So if anyone's from Manhattan listening in, we need you to tip that theatre, please.
Mary Holland, Larry Pelesky, they're all going to be at the Q&A doing this Q&A, but we're not tipping that theatre just yet.
So we've only got till the 4th of September to tip the Manhattan one.
I wonder why.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, strange you think Manhattan would be a sellout pretty quickly, but interesting, that's an interesting angle.
All right, Steve, you're back.
I'm gonna let you take over this interview.

[SPEAKER_10]
All right, I have a couple of questions I've been dying to ask you.
We've spoken before in the past directly on phone, but I think this is the first time you've been on VSRF.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yes, it is the first time I've been on here.

[SPEAKER_10]
So welcome.
So I want to ask you, you know, it seems to me looking at the data that the COVID vaccines are by far the most dangerous vaccines of all time, but you're on the vax bus.
And so I'm curious from your perspective as being on the bus,
Do you see the same thing in terms of these COVID shots being the most devastating vaccine of all time, or is there another contender for that position?

[SPEAKER_07]
Well, it's a really good question.
It's horrific that what we've seen out there with the COVID shots, but it's also, I wonder what would have happened if they had mandated the Gardasil shot, because that is a horrific shot where we feel so much death and injury.
In fact, the COVID, especially the Moderna, the Moderna shots really reminded me of a Gardasil shot injury.
So something there between the Moderna and the Gardasil shot, there's something where the injuries are the same.
And we saw the worst injuries.
with Moderna as well, really terrible for the ones that survived in real terrible shape.
Of course, Pfizer killing absolutely loads.
But yeah, no, we saw horrific shots.
But here's the thing, Steve, there's no such thing as a safe and effective vaccine.
I mean, I've seen dead babies from all of these baby shots.
Now, I mean, when Billy, my son was injured, he only had the MMR that day.
That's all he had.
because that was the schedule back then.
Now, these people can't even tell me which vaccine hurt their child or killed their child because they had so many in one go.
So we're in a different era now.
And I want to just also add that something really disturbing that's not in the film
is that we're seeing a different level of autism, vaccine injury.
It's not really even called autism anymore.
I have never seen so many children on track, fence, they have polio symptoms, twin three-year-old boys couldn't even hold their heads up like newborn babies.
We are looking at another level.
of autism, or it's not even autism, of vaccine injury than you got in the day when my son was injured.
So I think that they're going to say autism is getting better because we're going to see another type of injury, a lot of death, a lot of death and a lot of, I don't even know what to call these poor children that are injured these days.
Like I say, two year old boys that can't hold their heads up.
It's another level.

[SPEAKER_10]
So I saw a clip recently, and it's an old clip that I saw.
And it's when one of your producers went in when Paul Offit was having lunch.

[SPEAKER_07]
Oh, yeah.

[SPEAKER_10]
And you invited him to speak.

[SPEAKER_07]
I think he's frozen.
Is he frozen?
Oh, it's okay, I can tell that story.
Yeah, that was Josh Coleman, our amazing videographer on the first fax bus.
And he snuck in and caught Paul Offit having breakfast and asked if he'd come on the bus and he got told to f off.
It was very rude, actually.
I have to say, he was a very rude man.

[SPEAKER_09]
Paul Offit was a very rude man.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yes, to my poor Josh.
He's a father of an injured son, paralyzed from the waist down, just asked if we could come and have a chat about our differences.
And we got the F words sworn at us.
But Josh captured it all on camera.
And that did make Paul Offit's life a little bit of a misery.

[SPEAKER_09]
He has no interest in helping people.
It's all about his own self-preservation.
And I'm going to bring back Steve to follow up because that was a great question, Steve.

[SPEAKER_10]
So he basically told you, fuck off.
I think those were his exact words.
He said it twice as well.
Right.
And so what did he get any kind of push?
After you posted that video on YouTube, did Paul Offitz suffer any consequence at all for telling for?

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, he put out an interview.
He did an interview.
Actually, you can still find it out there where he said that that made his life hell.
And he was in a lot of trouble for that.
So I think if you go to Josh Coleman site, he's he's put it up there with the video.
It's all back to back.
It's very funny.
It's not funny.
Actually, none of this is funny.
But what it is is just shows that these people are just rude and will not even come to the table to have a discussion about vaccines.
And that's ridiculous.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, you know, just for the record, I mistakenly posted an interview that I did with a military doctor, and I accidentally, I was supposed to hit save, and I actually sent it out, which is why a lot of people, if you got it, this is why it disappeared, because the military officer I spoke to was concerned that he
might have his pension taken away and so didn't want to be identified.
But I offered this interview to Professor Offit
and to see if he would go and chat with his military doctor so he can learn firsthand what is going on with these COVID vaccines.
Because one of the things that I discovered here is that you can spend a lot of time analyzing this big data and that the signals are hard to spot because you don't have the data that you really want in order to properly analyze the data.
So all of these studies
are essentially very difficult because you don't have the full visibility.
And what I found is that talking to individual doctors, I get a very consistent story about how many are vaccine injured and how many people died, how many patients died from the vaccines.
The numbers range from like one or between it's around one in a thousand for 19 year olds, which is extremely troubling.
And this is death.
And it goes up to 25 per thousand when you have a geriatric practice.
And if you have a kind of a normal practice, the numbers range about two to five vaccine deaths per thousand people vaccinated.
It's really troubling.
But the main point is that when you talk to doctors, you get this very consistent
These are very consistent numbers and the doctors aren't conferring with each other.
They're telling me what they're seeing in their practice.
And doctors seeing patients in their practice, this is really the best way.
to figure out whether a vaccine is safe and effective.
All you have to do is pick up the phone.
And I'll tell you, talking with this military doctor, I mean, he told me stats that were just unbelievable in terms of the soldiers being affected here.
And these are young, healthy.
These are our healthiest kids.
These are not people with multiple comorbidities.
And this doctor said,
He's been doing this for well over 25 years in the military.
He's never seen anything like it before.
He's seen more of these adverse events in two years than he would ever expect to see in a lifetime in the military.
And yet when he complains to his supervisors about this, they say, well, we can't raise that up to the general because vaccines are safe and effective.
And so there's just an enormous amount of people ignoring this, but the evidence from the military doctors is unbelievable.
Have you had any military doctors at all?
What would you say is the most compelling vaccination story for the COVID vaccines that you've heard in all of your travels?

[SPEAKER_07]
Well, first of all, with the military, yes.
The only time I got properly warned by someone dressed in black was with the first bus.
And I got taken around to the side of the bus.
They were from the military.
And they told me to stop.
I was shouting out to people that the last place they wanted their kids to be is in the military.
And he told me to stop saying that, that that was going to get me into a lot of trouble.
But because the reason I say that is because if you put your kid in the military, you're going to have a hard time.
They're going to get shots on everything.
They are experimented on the whole time.
We know that because they tell us that.
So the military interviews, if they've left the military, they speak on camera.
If they're still in the military, they don't.
So they're just telling us the information.
But yes, we hear terrible things from that.
But I just want to say, Steve, that one of the most compelling for any viewer that's still
on the fence on vaccinations.
For me, the best thing is if you meet a family, same parents, they vaccinated their first child who has now autism or is dead, and the second one they partially vaccinated because they thought they'd spread them out,
still massive issues there.
Then they go on and have more children and they don't vaccinate.
And I'm talking also about the vitamin K, because when I looked at Steve Thomas's studies, it didn't match up with what we were seeing Paul Thomas, sorry, on the bus.
at all.
And that's because they didn't take the vitamin K into account.
Vitamin K is poison.
I can say this because you can't take my medical license away.
What can you do?
It is absolute poison.
So when we started interviewing these people that were unvaccinated, that had had the vitamin K, there were problems.
So most of these Vax on Vax studies, in fact, all of them that I know of do not take in the vitamin K into account because it's done at the hospital and Paul Thomas did not have that in his surgery.
So I cannot tell you enough how dangerous, and they bully these parents and pull CPS on these parents if they don't take the vitamin K. So, you know, I can say there's not the views of children's health fence or whatever, but I can say you don't need it.
You do not.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, it was the by the way, the study that talks about this is by the control group and it's called the control group.
And you can look it up on the Internet.
But they were I think they were the first ones to realize that the vitamin K shot, which is contains more than just vitamin K is devastating.
Yeah, it's just devastating for kids.
And if you want to give your kids vitamin K, you can easily give it to them orally rather than in a shot form, and you'll just get the vitamin K. But vitamin K shots are very badly mislabeled.
And parents, as you say, are absolutely, they are coerced
into accepting these shots because otherwise they'll call child protective services and have your child taken away from you.

[SPEAKER_07]
That's right.
We hear it all the time, the bullying in the pediatrician's office at the hospitals.
It's ongoing for these kids.
And just to go back, I was listening to your lovely guests earlier.
For Billy, we were told he would never live a life with purpose or speak, which is a terrible thing to tell a parent.
But he was gone.
He was banging his head.
He was out of control.
And my husband had to retrain as a science nutritionist to actually even understand what was going on in Billy's body.
But the number one, mother to mother out there, diet is king, queen.
Diet is everything, organic, get all that stuff out.
Billy didn't eat for four or five days when we took away his cereal and his milk.
But the minute we did it, that's when we heard Billy speak.
He started talking and he's a chicken farmer, 28 year old duck and chicken farmer now.
See, he's living a life with purpose.
Doctors are wrong.

[SPEAKER_10]
So what was your particular story in terms of when Billy was vaccinated, was it similar to the stories that we've heard from our other guests where it was vaccine fever and boom.

[SPEAKER_07]
Seizure.
We had a seizure.
We're all telling the same story.
Like our kids were generally on tons of antibiotics because clearly they had a problem from the earlier shots, but they seemed fine.
They weren't autistic or anything.
But Billy just went in for an MMR that day.
And by that evening, we were in hospital because he had a seizure.
And the hospital medical team told us it was a very common reaction to the MMR.
That's how we found out.
They told us that it was an MMR reaction.
And they said he'd be fine.
Well, of course he wasn't.
He's never been fine since that.
We've done so much, my husband has, to improve the quality of his life.
But I'm telling you, as mother to parents out there, the minute you jab that needle in,
Your child will never be the same again.
You might recover them to a degree that is wonderful, but the minute that goes in, it's over.
You've changed your child.
So I cannot stress enough, personally, Polly, Tommy, to the people out there, please, no vaccinations.
You don't need them.
Oh, the doctors are back on now.
The doctors can tell me off now.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, I thought it was a good time to bring the doctors back on.

[SPEAKER_08]
I'm in agreement with Polly on 1,000%.
I'm speaking as a parent.
And I mean, I think that the individual that you mentioned earlier, Steve, was Paul Thomas, potentially, I think about 8,000 patients in his practice.
And he had those that followed the CDC recommended schedule, those that followed his recommendations.
So few of them that he thought were okay and delayed his schedule.
And then no vaccinations at all, which he believed was too radical for a lot of parents to go from,
Okay, I've learned all of this.
Everybody's saying this.
To go to none, it's a little bit different than maybe choosing some of them.
And I think the rates with CDC was according to CDC, and then his schedule was one in 5,000, and I think it was those that didn't were about one in 10,000 in the incidence of autism.
And so, you know, I think that was a great way to look at it, how vast the difference is.
Back to the old days.
Yeah, it's so it's back to where the numbers used to be.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah.
In the 1980s, I think that was the case before the 1990s when they when they started with the second MMR, you know, to catch up and and then also the glyphosate that was introduced, the genetic modification of crops in this country.
You know, some people say, you know, correlation is not causation, but come on.
Yeah, whatever.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_08]
Whatever.
Life was saved.
I mean, just talk to Stephanie Senna from MIT.
It's her life work and she can tell you to the biochemical level what exactly is happening and how toxic it is.
I mean, Bobby Kennedy fought this and won in court, won lawsuit against Monsanto.
for the lymphoma case.
So, lymphoma, that's the ultimate, right?
Threatened death.
We're talking about everything that follows, chronic disease, you know, it's not just lymphoma that, like I said, causes gastrointestinal inflammation.
It hits the microbiome, and it's right in your food.
It's in most things that we eat, you know, and it kills the microbiome, inflammation starts happening, and
you know, then immune system gets compromised.
And then depending on your genetics, how many punches can you take and you just slip away?

[SPEAKER_13]
That's how we all see it.

[SPEAKER_08]
So kudos to all the work that you're doing, Pali.
Can't wait to see your work.

[SPEAKER_07]
Well, thank you.
But also, as we are parents of children injured by vaccines, I don't know what drives you to do it, but I know what drives me.
And there is nothing, nothing more painful than seeing your child slip away into what they call autism.
And I will do whatever it takes to make sure no child suffers that and no parent suffers that unbearable heartbreak that starts not just with your child, the siblings are affected.
You fall out with the family members because they think you're a nutter.
And people walk around with autism is a gift.
It is not a gift.
My son is a gift.
Autism is not a gift.
It is hell.
It is hell for the child that has it, and it's hell for the parents.
So I'm sorry if that offends everybody, but Billy should have not been brain injured like he was from that one shot, one approved shot, might I add.

[SPEAKER_09]
No, don't be sorry at all for saying that.
I think that's a good time to start getting to some of our questions.
I'm going to start with a question from DR Laura, and thank you for the super chat.
I wanted to both ask, and this is for everyone, for Dr. Bogner, Alex, and Polly, to describe in as much detail as possible the protocols they pursue.
I think it's probably more directed toward Dr. Bogner and Alex in your protocols that you pursue in treating or helping the autistic kids.

[SPEAKER_08]
I think, first of all, you need to assess where the parent is.
Like Alex mentioned earlier, you have parents that are completely new to this and they don't know what a microbiome is, and you have parents that see you that know more than you do because they have seen everybody under the sun already.
They have done their research there.
into autism for 20 years.
The approach is very different and individualized.
To answer Steve's questions from earlier, I think he was asking if you have 100 children with autism,
You have 100 children with autism.
There's no cookie cutter approach.
It is individualized.
Every treatment and microbiome analysis is individualized to that individual.
And so the way to start is to see where's the parent?
What are you looking for?
Don't say this, you need to do this, this.
What have they done?
What's the current situation?
What has worked in the past?
Learn from the parent.
Nobody, no physician will ever know the child is good as the parent.
So we need to start listening to the parent.
What is the energy?
You know, how is the relationship with the other children?
How do the parents feel?
Are they, you know, at their wits end financially?
Have they tried everything under the sun already and they, you know, and see no progress?
And so we need to take that into consideration and not just take this test.
You know, it is a lot of work, but that's why what we believe is just to support these parents, these boys,
Give them hope and then get them encouraged to start working one step at a time.
It's a lot that you can do, so much.
It's unbelievable what we have seen.
The stories, just go to the AutismBioMedical.com and read some of these stories that we're hearing.
It's changing lives and families are healing.
We're not talking about recovery, we're talking about helping these children.
And so, yeah, that's what I wanted to say.
And then, of course, you can have consultations or you can do the gut balancing piece and analyze the microbiome, get some basics, do some blood work.
No pediatricians anymore checked for ferritin.
Ferritin is a storage form of iron.
Iron carries oxygen.
It's the most important ingredient of a prenatal vitamin is iron.
It's very important for cognitive development in children.
And I see so many children with low levels of ferritin.
And just with iron replacement, you can help these children.
Why are we ignoring this?
Why is this not a standard protocol when you even go to the pediatrician to check blood of a child, especially if something is wrong, not even making it routine?
And so everything needs to be taken into perspective, in my opinion.
And it all depends on the parent, of course.
But we adjust as much as we can to the needs of the whole family.
And so if anybody has more questions, contact us.
We would love to help and guide you.

[SPEAKER_09]
Thank you for the detailed response.
I hope that helps Dr. Laura and I hope it helps others out there.
in how to proceed.
Next question is from Jeannie.
Why do autistic kids also seem to have such extraordinary abilities in other ways?
Incredible encyclopedic memory, amazing quantitative skills, etc.
Unlike other cognitive afflictions such as cerebral palsy, for instance, could autism be some kind of evidence of novel incredible mental abilities new to our times?
That's for anyone who wants to pick that one up.

[SPEAKER_08]
The difference between cerebral palsy, which is encephalopathy, we actually have neuronal damage.
In autism, that is not really evident that we have brain damage at all.
And there is no difference in the abilities of any child, of low functioning or high functioning, in my opinion, in regards to intellectual abilities.
They're all brilliant.
No matter how severe you think the child is, they are brilliant.
The problem is the motor sensory system in the brain, the primary motor cortex, which leads to myelination problems.
And that is due to inflammatory processes due to certain toxins that we're investigating and looking into.
and, you know, just watch the movie Spellers.
These are all brilliant children.
They have absolutely an incredible potential.
I see my own son, he's a math genius and no idea where he learned that.
And like I mentioned earlier, a lot of our
ground-breaking discoveries that we have made last year, in the beginning of last year, when we discussed the chemistry with a boy, his name is Jacob, he's from Georgia.
We interviewed him.
This child is non-verbal, nine years old, and he started to communicate during COVID by typing.
This child is absolutely unbelievable.
His IQ is, he mentions about 500 plus, he can understand every language, he's connected to
And it all sounds probably very bizarre to most listeners, but when I started to engage in conversation with him and his family and saw it with my own eyes that this boy is able to discuss organic chemistry, and we can't figure out how he potentially knows this, giving us insights into all this, you know, and that's what I want to remind everyone.
It's not just Polly or Steve or physicians or Alex that are going to get us out of this one day.
We truly believe it is with the help of the autism community itself.
I started to really see that every child is in there and they're trapped in there, many of them.
They can't control their behavior.
how to modulate their behavior according to the environment.
Because sensing things, hearing things, touching is a motor-driven, it's a bilateral street.
To injure that, you have trouble with your sensory system and with the execution of speech and behavior.
And that's what autism is.
It's not a cognitive or an intellectual problem like they make us believe.

[SPEAKER_09]
Thank you.
Anyone want to add anything to that?

[SPEAKER_06]
You know, I think it's hard sometimes to kind of unlock some of those talents just because communication is really severely impacted.
So sometimes you won't see those, you know, I would say traits that have superiority manifest until kind
I think it's really no different from someone that maybe loses their legs.
What do they do?
They kind of train their upper body and they become quite good at being able to do tasks with what they can.
So if the brain loses the ability to communicate effectively in certain ways, it has to compensate with what it can do.
So then your energy and your focus goes there.
I think that there's some component of that
that's going on.
There's an injury young and then the brain develops in a certain way to kind of compensate what it can do and it tries to do that well.
But I would say most parents are really not discussing these type of things with us because they're very, I mean, at least most of the people that I see, you know, they're in the three-year-old to maybe 11-year-old range.
So they're really
dealing with the issues associated with immune activation, which affects emotions, behaviors, appetites, feeling well, crying, things like that.
So it's hard to kind of really focus on those other skills that might be more pronounced and things that kind of make them more advanced in certain areas just because the communication is all
It's hard to pull them out, but like Dr. Wagner was saying, the spellers, where we've gotten past the ability to use verbal communication, this alternative communication has unlocked a lot of these kits to really see their true potential.

[SPEAKER_09]
Thank you for that, both of you.
I have a question from Braveheart.
What do you suspect is the correlation between autistic children and single moms?
Alex mentioned the majority of autistic children have single moms.

[SPEAKER_07]
That's because the men scoot off.
That's why 85% of marriages break down because it's so hard when you get, you get no sleep when your child's injured and it's crashing its head on the floor all night, all day, only eating one thing and screaming the high pitched scream.
Tummy's getting bigger, it's bags under his eyes, hair's falling out.
You are going to snap.
You're going to snap at the siblings, you're going to snap at the husband.
I mean, how any of us have stayed married through this is unbelievable.
So the men tend to go and the women are left to deal with it.
That's why they're single moms.
And my hat off to those single moms.
I don't know how you do it because in our household, we need two people to manage all of them.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, that's what I figured was going to be your response is that the men bail.
There's no other reason.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, it's all fault.
And there are good dads out there that didn't bail.
So thank you to you dads.

[SPEAKER_09]
Right.
Not all bad.

[SPEAKER_07]
Right.

[SPEAKER_09]
And there was a comment for you, Polly, from Vivian, Aaron Doubt, and sure many others.
Thank you.
You've saved so many children.
So I just want to throw that comment out there for you, Polly.

[SPEAKER_10]
I have a question from... Can you hear me?

[SPEAKER_09]
Yes, we can hear you, Steve.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, I just wanted to add to that, Polly.
The Vax movies are just awesome.
I wish that everybody in the entire world would see all of your movies.
They are absolutely fantastic, riveting, and they tell a story, an important story that everyone needs to hear.
Thank you so much.

[SPEAKER_07]
Thanks, Steve.
Well, I'll pass that on to the team, because this is teamwork.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, yeah, we love your films.
This is a question from Early Treatment Saves Lives.
Would you please discuss the logic behind not needing a tetanus vaccine?
Doctors put super pressure on me when I got a deep kitchen knife cut.
I know that's not an autism related question, but I found it interesting to ask that one.
If anyone has a response to it, it's okay.

[SPEAKER_10]
I haven't looked at the data on it, but I've heard from people who say that, you know, this is just more of the same stuff you hear from the medical community.
It's just like the childhood vaccination schedule that all the kids should be vaccinated.
You know, tetanus is no different.
And that's what I've heard from others who have looked into this.
but it is not necessary to get a tetanus shot, and it's probably to your detriment to do so.
But I'm not an expert.

[SPEAKER_07]
Also, if they tell you they're going to give you a tetanus shot, they're lying, because there is no single tetanus shot.
You have to get the Tdap or the Dtap, depending on whether you're an adult or a child.
And we have had babies die from the Dtap.
And we've had adults, we've done stories of adults that are crippled from that shot.
So my advice,
Just get yourself stitched up and move on.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, always ask to see the data before they give you the shot.
You always want to do, anytime you get a medical intervention or supplements or even vitamins, always look at the risk benefit of taking it versus not taking it.
And very few people will do that.
And it can be life changing if you don't do that.
With AI today, it only takes a minute of your time to ask about, hey, can you tell me the risk benefit of taking vitamin D or taking fish oil supplements or having a tetanus shot?
Now, unfortunately, a lot of these AI tools are
Are essentially blue-pilled right?

[SPEAKER_09]
How can you trust the yeah?

[SPEAKER_10]
I'm thinking about I'm working with a guy to create the red-pilled Version so you can ask questions like should I get a tetanus shot?
What are the pros and cons and on my sub stack?
I actually show the we actually were able to Red pill the
I think it was Google's AI.
And so we actually got it to answer honestly.
And we asked about, so can you tell us if there are any risks associated with the COVID vaccines?
And I can tell you, this is a must read.
for everyone to see what happens when you ask Google AI and you force it to answer honestly.
Essentially, we put it under oath to answer honestly.
And man, we got an earful about how risky and how unknown
The side effects are from the COVID vaccine.
It's like, man, you don't after reading that.
I wish I had read that before I was snookered into taking two Moderna shots.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, we'll have to do a full episode on that, Steve, on AI and red-pilling it.
All right, I'm gonna ask one last question, because we are running long.
This is from Thomas Kerber, and thank you for the super chat donation, Thomas, we appreciate you.
Alex, please talk about PBM and autism.
What have you seen in research?

[SPEAKER_06]
So I'm assuming that they're talking about laser therapy,
which is, you know, this photobiomodulation.
So, you know, I think that there's a lot of promise there.
Essentially, you're using non-ionizing radiation and it can promote healing through inflammatory pathways.
But I think really what is providing the spark there is
these kind of non-linear frequency changes that can potentially wake up certain areas of the brain if you use them.
Anecdotally, I've heard a lot of positive things from people that have gone down that road.
I've also had some anecdotal experience myself too.
So I do think that there's a lot of promise in this area.
It's non-invasive.
And I think probably in the next 10 years we fast forward that this is going to be something that's going to be used readily, hopefully not legislated to the point where we can't use it.
One of the things that I do find interesting about it as a physicist is I think that a lot of the products on the market are extremely overpriced from what the components are needed to actually make them.
So, you know,
something actually that Dr. Embodner and I are working on designing our own product that's going to be feasible and affordable for kids.
But it's something that I would look into, find an expert, find a practitioner that uses it and maybe consult with them and see if it's appropriate for you.
I think there's a time and place for it, particularly in ESD.

[SPEAKER_09]
Thank you.
Thank you for that response.
Well, I want to thank all three of you for coming on and for your patience with the length of our show tonight and some of our technical difficulties and all the work that all three of you are doing and continue to do.
I want everyone out there to go support Dr. Bogner's and Alex's organization.
Can you remind us of the website
that you guys have?
There we go.

[SPEAKER_08]
I think I just texted it to you.

[SPEAKER_09]
autismbiomedical.com, researchelements.com and you can contact at autismbiomedical.com.
So reach out to them and they are providing so much information so much data out there for for everyone to see.
And then also
Go see Vax 3.
Get your tickets in advance.
Support this film.
Stop the censors.
Show up in force.
I can't wait to see it myself.
I think I'm going to go see it nearby.
So yes, thank you.
Thank you all three of you for being here tonight and all the work that you're doing.

[SPEAKER_07]
Thank you for having us.

[SPEAKER_10]
Thank you.
So will there be a streaming version that we can stream if there's not a local theater?

[SPEAKER_07]
Yes, that's coming straight.
So on the 19th, we're going to make a big announcement.
But yes, everyone around the world will be able to see it very soon.

[SPEAKER_10]
Awesome.
Can't wait.

[SPEAKER_07]
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_06]
Thank you so much.

[SPEAKER_09]
Bye.
Oh, hi, Angela.
Welcome back.

[SPEAKER_03]
Hi.

[SPEAKER_09]
Wow.

[SPEAKER_03]
Are we off?

[SPEAKER_09]
The work that all three of them are doing is incredible.
And it's just such an uphill battle all the time.
It seems like there's just so much resistance to this day.
And I can't understand why those that resist don't want to help or at least look into it other than they're incentivized not to.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yep.
It's so tragic.

[SPEAKER_06]
had my daughter was born in June and as I was I had dropped my wife off the hospital and then I'm driving home with my other two kids to you know have them meet the sitter.
I have her on the you know the video call so I'm listening to my wife talk to all of the nurses so they were really pushing the vitamin K on her and had Dr. Bhatna on the line and said
Can you look up the shot?
We looked up the shot, the exact one with the picture.
It has aluminum in it, it has all these other adjectives.
They actually threatened CPS on this when we're leaving the hospital because of this whole thing.
But really the most interesting piece was while this was going down and they were, my wife was kind of denying all of these things, the antibiotics on the line.
The anesthesiologist was getting involved and asking
You know, like, why isn't your husband here?
He's at home, he's making sure that our son is good with the sitter, he's autistic.
Turns out the anesthesiologist is a biomedical practitioner as well.
His wife is a famed one that's been associated with autism one.
And he's actually actively talking about biomedical therapies to my wife.
Like, you gotta do this, you gotta do this.
While the nurses are surrounding, kind of saying this alternative information
And it was just this weird dynamic there, and it's never happened to me before.
So there are people out there, they do exist.
I think it's really difficult to come out with a sword and fight because you feel like you're not gonna have anybody on your side, and you're gonna be stranded and ostracized.
But certainly, I think if you have skin in the game, you've been injured, you have a child who's affected, these seem to be the people that are
more prone to going into battle, and it's unfortunate.
But hopefully, maybe in the next 10 years or 15 years, we won't be thinking the same way and people will come to the table.
But honestly, I think with the way that the system is designed, the way that the pharmaceuticals are involved, the incentives, the way you get paid, the way the shots are structured, it's like a feudal system.
You're not going to get people to willfully get
give this stuff up.
You know what I mean?
It's such an uphill battle.
There's so much involved in terms of the payouts.
And obviously that doesn't, that's completely wrong.
But that's really the beast that you're working again.
You can't, you know, if this is the way that everyone's getting their dollar, how are you going to, they're saying we can't take care of this.
You know, they don't think about the alternative, right?
Imagine tomorrow if some, if somebody came out,
with definitive proof that all of this stuff that we're saying irrevocable proof was true and have evidence.
And what would that do to the system?
There would be chaos.
Yeah, it would be a revolt.

[SPEAKER_10]
No, we already have all the evidence.
We already have all the proof.
They won't acknowledge it.
They won't talk about it.
They won't change their practices.
If you say vaccines cause autism, you'll have your medical license taken away.
Um, but if Trump gets elected and Bobby Kennedy's in charge, it'll be a whole new day.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.
Thank you.
Thank you for following up with that comment, Alex.
We appreciate that.
Yeah, definitely.
I want to continue on here due to the high volume of questions.
Hold on.
Let me jump over to our winner.
We're going to go ahead and announce our lucky winner of the raffle for the substacks.
Here we go.
The winner is Karen Smith.
Karen Smith.
Karen, congratulations.
You are the winner of the seven pack raffle of seven pack Substack.
Hillary will be reaching out to you via email to get your subscriptions going.
So congratulations.
That's awesome.
I hope you enjoy those Substacks as much as we do here.
I also want to announce that, hang on, let me catch up with my order of things here.
We have an event coming up that I've been announcing the last couple of weeks and it's really starting to take shape.
It is the Rescue the Republic.
Let me read this.
VSRF is determined to consistently bring you dynamic content through our live shows, but we need your support.
Let me jump forward here.
We're thrilled to be a part of an event called Rescue the Republic.
For all our Defeat the Mandates ralliers and supporters, we're organizing once again, and this will be a rally like no other.
You definitely won't want to miss it.
Mark your calendars for September 29th in Washington, DC as we come together for Rescue the Republic.
This event is a celebration of what makes America and our Republic so special.
We're uniting regardless of political affiliation, whether you're left or right, vaccinated or unvaccinated.
We're bringing together notable musical artists, comedians, and thought leaders of our generation to stand in solidarity.
At the heart of the celebration is a powerful message of peace, love, and unity.
Join us as we honor and uphold the values that make our nation great.
visit JoinTheResistance.org to register.
And even if you can't be there in person, please register so we can keep you updated on that event.
And Janet will put the link in the chat.
And that is going to be a great event.
And they're adding speakers all the time.
So please join us there if you can.
I'll bring Steve back online here.
And next week, Steve.
As the new year begins and has begun for some, many families are feeling the pressure to ensure their children are up to date on their school vaccinations, while some states offer options for opting out, others do not.
Next week, we'll be joined by the remarkable Dr. Lawrence Palevsky to discuss the required immunizations for school and how to navigate around it.
You don't want to miss that episode, especially if you have kids going back to school like I do.
My sense is that right now things have eased, but Steve, with like M-POPs going around and the new boosters coming out, that once they're in school, they may drop some sort of mandates on them.
So you want to be armed with your opt out options.

[SPEAKER_10]
Absolutely.
No question about it.
You know, the CDC just recently, you know, it's interesting that there's no emergency.
I don't know if you remember this, but Biden ended the emergency quite some time ago.
A while ago.
Was it like a year ago?

[SPEAKER_09]
Maybe over a year ago.

[SPEAKER_10]
He did it pretty early, I remember.
Yeah, so there's no emergency.
But did you realize that the latest COVID vaccines, these latest boosters, are approved under emergency use authorization?
One problem, there's no emergency.
And the CDC recommends this for anyone six months and older who hasn't had a shot in six months.
This is insane.
There's no emergency, folks.

[SPEAKER_09]
No, it will be interesting if they try to mandate something without an emergency, you don't have to take it.
And that's going to be something we'll discuss next week for sure, because with an election coming up, they'll try anything to disrupt your life.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.
Are they going to approve the monkeypox vaccine?
I haven't been tracking the monkeypox vaccine, but is it approved under an EUA?

[SPEAKER_09]
I don't know.
I don't think so.
But they did declare an emergency, the World Health Organization, as we showed a couple of weeks ago.

[SPEAKER_10]
They don't have jurisdiction yet.

[SPEAKER_09]
Not yet.
That's the pandemic agreement.

[SPEAKER_10]
In the US.

[SPEAKER_09]
That's the treaty we successfully fended off for now.
But you got to keep on guard because the minute you let your guard down, they will change the rules on you.

[SPEAKER_10]
You know, I can't wait to the day when Trump gets elected, Bobby Kennedy's in charge, and the U.S. says, hey, vaccines cause autism, here's all the proof.
I wonder how the world reacts to that, you know, a statement from the U.S. You know, it's also follow the leader.
And the US says something, it's like everybody just toes the line, whatever we say.
And it's just gonna be amazing to see what happens when we kind of shift from one end of the spectrum to the other end of the spectrum, where it's been, vaccination is recommended for everyone to vaccination is recommended for no one.
It'd be really interesting to see what happens worldwide.

[SPEAKER_09]
I would love to see that happen.
I don't know that the powers that be would allow such a scenario, but it would be very disruptive.
And I think a lot of the people that have been meant decided or suffering from this mass psychosis, or maybe they'll just go along, maybe they'll go, okay, and actually make America healthy again.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_09]
Which would be great, just to get her.
It would be great.
I would love it.
So Steve, you were on Alex Jones this week, and how was your conversation?
Because I'm going to end tonight's episode with a little clip from your appearance on Alex Jones, but I want to hear what your interaction was like before we play the clip and end the show.

[SPEAKER_10]
Well, we talked about a variety of issues from my recent paper in pre-print showing that the COVID vaccines and the flu vaccine had no impact whatsoever on the percentage of people hospitalized for either disease.
Now, if those vaccines worked, you'd expect nobody who got the COVID vaccine would be hospitalized for COVID and nobody who got the flu vaccine would be hospitalized for the flu.
But the numbers were identical.
And so we talked about that.
We talked about the
the record-level data that we got from the Czech Republic, and that record-level data showed a 30% all-cause mortality increase for the Moderna shots.
And I can tell you that the Pfizer shots are not any safer than the Moderna shots.
But just being able to benchmark Moderna as having a 30%, at least a 30% increase in all-cause mortality, I mean, these things are disasters.
And of course the Czech, their health authorities don't comment on this and the media in the Czech Republic won't cover it either.
Nobody else will.
So those were two of the topics we talked about.
We also talked about a number of other things.
It was good.

[SPEAKER_09]
Great.
Well, if you are out there and want to check it out, I'm sure it's on Infowars.
I'm going to end tonight with a little clip.
And I want to thank you, Steve, for taking time from your fast to join us this evening.
You look great, by the way.

[SPEAKER_10]
And I've been drinking water the whole time because they said you have to drink water sort of continuously.

[SPEAKER_09]
Excellent.

[SPEAKER_10]
Following the protocol.

[SPEAKER_09]
Stay hydrated, Steve.
You got to put something in the body.
Stay hydrated.
And I want to thank all of you for being here again tonight with us and supporting us.
And I hope you all have a great rest of your evening and weekend, and we'll see you all next week.
Have a great night.

[SPEAKER_10]
The response from this doctor was that I have seen more medical incidents in the last two years than I would expect to see in a lifetime.
Wow.
So in other words, he said that he was seeing effectively things that he would never see in a lifetime.
And he's seen multiple of these events.
It's like sometimes within a week.
Two cases of Huntington's disease, which he said he'd only seen like maybe one in a lifetime.
And he's seen two in a week.
He's seen two cardiac arrests
in a day.
You're seeing 10 strokes among these.
These are our kids.
These are like 19 year olds who are perfectly healthy.
They come into the army and they're decimated.

[SPEAKER_00]
Why does it hurt people that are in such great shape?
This is what I've seen.
You're even more apt to have these, is that the heart's just is already in such good shape and just can't handle it or what's happening?

[SPEAKER_10]
No, it's because they have higher testosterone levels and they're putting stress more often, which secretes more of the hormones that cause the heart to be under stress.
And when the heart's under stress, there's a combination of effects that make it more likely.

[SPEAKER_00]
So the heart's already damaged, they don't know it, they go out and do what they regularly do, boom, they're dead.

[SPEAKER_10]
Boom boom.
They're there.
They have cardiac arrest and often that ends up in death.
People you know when I talk to doctors directly and ask why their patients are dying and how do they know it's the vaccine.
They'll talk about pervo cancers.
They'll talk about people who are scanned.
They don't have any health conditions at all.
No cancers no sign of anything.
And then two months later, they're in stage four cancer.
This is what's referred to as turbo cancer because it's basically not there before the shots.
And then within a month,
essentially turns into stage four and they present to the doctor with stage four cancer.
So it's the turbo cancers and it's the cardiac issues that when I ask people how do they know that somebody died, they're usually talking about some sort of cardiac issues, ischemic
stroke or these turbo cancers that are killing people.
And sometimes, in fact, the doctor that I talked to last night said, oh, and I had one patient who had both a turbo cancer and had a cardiac arrest.
So these are two super unlikely events to be had in someone who is young and healthy and
He said that this person had like, you know, two of these conditions when it would be extremely rare to find someone with just one of the conditions.
And so that's giving you an idea of just how devastating these shots have been.
Well, it's not quite rushing to the exits, I would say, compared to what it will be in the future.
But, you know, the first rule of holes is that when you find yourself in one, stop digging.
Now, the Democrats, by and large, haven't figured this out yet.
You know, Kamala has, she requires her staff that works on her campaign to be vaccinated.
This is worse than the United States military.
In the United States military today, you do not have to be vaccinated.
You can refuse the COVID vaccine.
If you work on the Harris campaign, you cannot work on the Harris campaign unless you're up to date.
I mean, this is draconian.
