[SPEAKER_03]
This song is called Your Light, reminding that our light is present in all things, lifting each other's spirits high in this time.
Lift your spirits, lift, lift your spirits.
Lift your spirits high, yeah.
Lift your spirits, lift, lift your spirits.
Lift your spirits high.
Your light, yes, your light is present in all things.
Your light is present in all things Your light is present in all things Like the rising sun we know Your light is present in all things So shine your light Brighter than the sun
And spread it wide Wide like the ocean, yeah So we can see See in all directions
We are true reflection, yes, yes.
Lift your spirits, lift, lift your spirits.
Lift your spirits high, yeah.
Lift your spirits, lift, lift your spirits Lift your spirits high, your light, yes Your light is present in all things No matter where you go we sing Your light is present in all things Everyone you see just know
together no matter your color your race your religion whatever the truth is the truth the truth is that we're all connected respected lifted up and celebrate the world for all its different perspective
Lift your spirits, lift your spirits high, yeah.
Lift your spirits, lift, lift your spirits.
Lift your spirits high, your light, yes, yeah.
Your light is present in all things.
Everywhere you go, you say that your light is present in all things.
Your light is present in all things No matter where we go we say Your light is present in all things Everyone we see we know Your light is present in all things Send it around the world Your light is present
Shining lights bright friends.

[SPEAKER_05]
Tonight on VSRF Live, along with a special appearance by doctors Paul Merrick and Pierre Corrie, Steve Kirsch is joined by Dr. Stella Emanuel, whose early treatment approach to COVID-19 has resulted in significant success in keeping patients out of hospitals and saving lives.

[SPEAKER_01]
Be prepared.
That is my screen right now.
Be prepared.
Don't wait till you get sick and come calling us at 3 a.m. to come and treat you.
These people are crazy.
If humanity is prepared, we're not going to be scared.
And this has been my mantra from 2020.
Be prepared.
Most of these viruses, they are treated early.
If you have hydroxychloroquine in your medicine cabinet, I've omitted in your medicine cabinet, vitamin C, vitamin D.
You have these things in your medicine cabinet, then when something hits, you're not scared because you know that you are prepared and you don't get sick.
Also, prepare yourself mentally, spiritually, and prepare physically.
Make sure you have food.
If they decide right now to start locking us down because they want to do mail-in ballots or something crazy like that, make sure that you have enough food in your house to feed your family.
Get a water filtration system.
uh charcoal grill just be prepared i just want people to have that mindset that if i don't if i get locked down and i can't come out of my house i can't come out of my community how will i survive

[SPEAKER_05]
Good evening and welcome to another episode of VSRF Live.
I'm your host, Livio Sanchez.
We've got a powerful show lined up with some of the most prominent voices in medicine and public health.
Joining us tonight are three extraordinary doctors, Dr. Stella Emanuel, Dr. Pierre Cori, and Dr. Paul Merrick.
These medical pioneers have been at the forefront of some of the most critical discussions around COVID-19, early treatment protocols, and the evolving landscape of public health.
This week marks the three-year anniversary of the Biden administration's COVID vaccine mandates, and doctors Corey and Merrick will be joining us first to discuss how far we've come since then, the impact of those mandates, and where we stand now in terms of public health and vaccine policy.
Later in the show, we'll be joined by Dr. Stella Emanuel.
She'll be giving us her perspective on the COVID vaccines, early treatment, the emergence of monkeypox, the H5 bird flu virus, and the mosquito-borne EEE virus.
Additionally, Dr. Emanuel will explore how spirituality plays a crucial role in the practice of medicine.
I want to remind you about our new raffle we are putting together.
Let me share my screen here.
We are putting together a super spreader library of books about medical fraud, mind control, and government corruption from some of our favorite authors, including tonight's guest, Pierre Corrie's The War on Ivermectin, Follow the Science by Cheryl Atkinson, The Real Anthony Fauci, Turtles All the Way Down, Neither Safe and Effective.
You can see them all on the screen there.
We're gonna keep adding to this list.
Every raffle ticket costs $10.
The more entries you buy, the more chances you have to win.
So please help support us and donate today by entering the raffle.
Every donation counts and all donations are tax deductible.
Janet will put the GiveButter raffle link in the chat.
We're planning to keep this raffle open through October 10th.
Thank you again for your continued support.
And now, before...
Before we dive into tonight's conversation, I wanna encourage you to participate in the discussion by dropping your questions in the chat.
Please write your questions in all caps so we can find them easily.
Due to the high volume of questions we receive, if you wanna ensure that your question gets answered, you can donate through Rumble Rants to move your question to the front of the queue.
Your support not only helps us prioritize your questions, but also keeps this platform running, allowing us to continue delivering the content you care about.
And now without further ado, I'm going to bring on VSRF founder Steve Kirsch.
Welcome to VSRF live.
Steve, how are you this evening?
Oh, I think you're muted, Steve.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, I've escaped from the death by fasting.
Yeah, you're back home.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
Welcome back to your abode and your studio.
When did you get out and how is it going so far since you ended your fast?

[SPEAKER_06]
I left on Monday morning.
And so I was there for a little more than two weeks.
And so I have mixed feelings about it.
I'm pleased with some things and I'm not happy with others.
And I'll be writing a large sub stack going over everything about multi-day fasting that people would want to know.
And I may be able to save some people thousands of dollars and we'll see.

[SPEAKER_05]
I'm looking forward to reading your assessment, your evaluation on that.
I have to ask, what did you first eat after your fast ended?

[SPEAKER_06]
I think I went for the, uh, the, the protein shake, the whey protein shake.
Oh yeah.
So more liquid.
Uh, well, uh, there's, uh, pro let's say protein is a scarce commodity at true North.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, glad you're out and done.
And, um, I hope it helps you and, um, and you keep improving with, you know, a lot of the issues that you were trying to manage.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
I mean, some, um, I, I was able to convince myself that my blood pressure could, could be lowered without the use of medications, which weren't working anyway.
And I was able to lower it to like a hundred over 60 during the fast, but it's, it's a little bit cheating because you're not really sort of measuring what you are during real life.
And so it's easier to get these extreme numbers there, but they're not sustainable once you return to normal life.
But, but I was able to get to 120 over 80, no, no blood pressure meds.
So that's good.
Fantastic.

[SPEAKER_05]
So this week, three years ago this week, President Biden brought the mandates on us.
And as our friend Brad from Five Times August wrote in his ex that, you know, a lot of us got canceled and things changed for the worse for many of us who chose not to get the vaccines.
And obviously for those that got it, for many it's had an adverse impact on their lives.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, and it certainly doesn't seem to be getting much better here in terms of any recognition that, oops, we made a mistake.
I'm looking forward to that day when we get the official CDC announcement saying, well, sorry, we killed half a million people, but it wasn't intentional.

[SPEAKER_05]
I won't hold my breath for that announcement.
I'm going to play an abbreviated version of that speech and immediately after I want to bring on doctors Pierre, Corey and Paul Merrick to relive that a little bit, tell us where we are now, how it's gone.
I'm going to play this because it's quite painful to watch, but listen to all the things he covers.
I'm going to share this now.
Here it comes.

[SPEAKER_02]
We have the tools to combat the virus.
If we can come together as a country and use those tools, if we raise our vaccination rate, protect ourselves and others with masking, expanded testing, and identify people who are infected, we can and we will turn the tide on COVID-19.
Many of us are frustrated with the nearly 80 million Americans who are still not vaccinated.
Even though the vaccine is safe,
effective and free.
While the vaccines provide strong protection for the vaccinated, we read about and hear about and we see the stories of hospitalized people, people on their death beds among the unvaccinated over the past few weeks.
This is a pandemic of the unvaccinated.
The unvaccinated overcrowd our hospitals or overrunning emergency rooms and intensive care units.
leaving no room for someone with a heart attack or pancreatitis or cancer.
I want to emphasize that the vaccines provide very strong protection from severe illness from COVID-19.
I know there's a lot of confusion and misinformation, but the world's leading scientists confirm that if you are fully vaccinated, your risk of severe illness from COVID-19 is very low.
As your President, I'm announcing tonight a new plan to require more Americans to be vaccinated to combat those blocking public health.
We must increase vaccinations among the unvaccinated with new vaccination requirements.
This is not about freedom or personal choice.
It's about protecting yourself and those around you.
So, tonight, I'm announcing that the Department of Labor
is developing an emergency rule to require all employers with 100 or more employees that together employ over 80 million workers to ensure their workforces are fully vaccinated.
To those of you running large entertainment venues, from sports arenas to concert venues to movie theaters,
Please require folks to get vaccinated and to the nation's physicians.
You're the most trusted medical voice to your patients.
You may be the one person who can get someone to change their mind about being vaccinated.
Tonight, I'm asking each of you to reach out to your unvaccinated patients over the next two weeks and make a personal appeal to them to get the shot.
My message to unvaccinated Americans is this.
What more is there to wait for?
What more do you need to see?
We've been patient, but our patience is wearing thin, and your refusal has cost all of us.
Trust me, I know.
The safest thing for your child, 12 and older, is to get them vaccinated.
They get vaccinated for a lot of things.
That's it.
Get them vaccinated.
What about children under the age of 12 who can't get vaccinated yet?
Well,
The best way for a parent to protect their child under the age of 12 starts at home.
Every parent, every teen sibling, every caregiver around them should be vaccinated.

[SPEAKER_05]
Wow.
Well, I want to welcome back to VSRF our good friends, Dr. Paul Merrick and Dr. Pierre Corey.
How are you guys this evening?
Thank you for joining us.

[SPEAKER_07]
Thank you.
Yeah, definitely.
Nice to see you guys.

[SPEAKER_05]
So what kind of flashbacks does that speech give all three of you?
Because I get I almost break out in hives listening to all the different things you talked about there.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah.
I don't know PTSD would be the first answer.
I mean, you know that that phrase pandemic of the unvaccinated.
I mean, I don't think we can say enough about that phrase.
I mean that that reinforced and and or continued to launch.
this horrific, like, PSYOP campaign against people who are unvaccinated, who chose to exercise medical autonomy, appropriate skepticism, you know, precautionary principles, or who knew science, right?
Like, the idea of vaccinating against a coronavirus, which is rapidly mutating, the idea that you would have an effective vaccine was questionable at best, and then this new gene technology.
Just hearing that speech, you know, just, listen, I don't even know what to say.
I mean, this is VSRF, man.
You guys have exposed the truth for four years now.
I mean, how much more truth can we expose, right?
It was a propaganda campaign to get the world vaccinated.
And you have, that was just an example of the president of the United States.
And by the way, you guys have heard me say, this is the United States of Pharma.
You know, I mean, pharma is so ubiquitous and so powerful, almost every element of our country, from media to the government to the agencies to the journals.
I mean, you're just seeing it come out the mouths of our president.
It's just, it's absurd.
But here we are three years later.
I don't know, Paul, you want to answer that?
I don't want to keep talking.

[SPEAKER_04]
No, I mean, I think you've encapsulated it.
They lied to us.
They lied about everything.
And certainly it was a pandemic of the vaccinated.
We know that the vaccinated were at much higher risk and the vaccinated got a higher infection rate and were more likely to go to hospital.
So they lied to us.
It was neither safe nor effective.
And they're still continuing on this path.

[SPEAKER_05]
Paul, I want to ask you, because you spoke out strongly about the hospital protocols that may have caused a lot of the death and destruction that was going on in the hospitals.
Remind us what your experience was with these protocols.

[SPEAKER_04]
Olivia, I think everything they said and everything they did was a lie and was misleading.
So initially they said that there's no treatment for SARS-CoV-2.
You stay at home, you go blue, and then you go to the hospital.
And when you go to the hospital,
The treatment is symptomatic treatment with fluids.
There's no specific therapy.
And obviously, that was all made up.
That was a fairy tale, because we know that there was effective early treatment.
There are many drugs.
At least 20 drugs have shown activity against SARS-CoV-2 and had efficacy in early COVID.
And we know that once you got to the hospital,
effective therapies that one could institute the idea that you wouldn't treat a patient who seriously ill is completely absurd.
And so, you know, that's where the math plus protocol came into being.
And we successfully used
you know, methylprednisolone, ascorbic acid, thiamine, and anticoagulation.
And obviously we added ivermectin to the formulation.
So, you know, unfortunately everything from A to Z that they told us and that they did was untrue.

[SPEAKER_05]
And Steve, you were out there funding the early trials.
What kind of resistance?
You were meeting all kinds of resistance, both professionally, personally.
What were you trying to do to treat COVID through your means?
And what happened?

[SPEAKER_06]
Uh, just got ignored by the, uh, FDA.
I mean, we showed that flu voxamine was effective in, in two independent studies, one of which was even better than a randomized control trial because the healthy, uh, the people got to choose the treatment and they, the people who are healthy chose to get no treatment.
And it's the unhealthy people that chose to get the treatment, but everybody who chose the treatment, uh, they avoided hospitalization and they avoided along COVID.
And everybody who basically left it untreated, well, I wouldn't say everybody, but it was like a 10% hospitalization rate and some people died.
So the evidence was very clear that
fluvoxamine when given in low doses for a limited amount of time was effective in Reducing hospitalization and and long covid and death and yet the The FDA ruled that the evidence was not compelling enough that the benefits outweighed the risks I mean it was it was just head-scratching to me how they could be
either so So stupid or so incompetent or so willfully blind or so corrupt Pick your you know, it's one or more depending on on who you are But yeah, it was it was just a horrible situation and and listening to that that Biden I listened to the whole Biden video again.
It's like
Man, you want to pick this guy up and throw him out the window.
The word defenestration comes to mind, but it's, it's like, this is what he said is just so wrong.
And, and there's been no apologies.
For anything that he said to this day and we have all these cases of people that are Such compelling stories of vaccine injury.
There's no doubt that the vaccines are causing this and we've never had anything in in history that i'm aware of um, but i'm looking at it for for a long time, but but uh, Dr. Merrick and dr. Corey can probably comment.
I don't think we've seen anything in history Uh that is compra that is a medical intervention that has a scientific profile that is this huge
Maybe there are some, take that back, but for a vaccine, it's unprecedented.
I mean, this is 10 to 100 to 1,000 times worse than the worst vaccine.

[SPEAKER_05]
One of the reasons I wanted to bring this back to the forefront is I keep encountering people who want to tell me a different version of history that the vaccines save lives.
And these same people are surrounded or they themselves with what I perceive or see as vaccine injuries.
They have cancer, all kinds of illnesses, chronic disease.
And I was curious
If you're encountering that Dr. Corey and Dr. Merrick with patients that you see, are they aware?
Are you getting vaccinated people who still are in denial that their issues may have been the vaccines?
Or how are you encountering the people who still believe this whole narrative?

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, I don't encounter them.
No, no, no, no.
The patients in my practice, and you have to understand, I'm one practice, right?
And I focus on the treatment of long COVID and long vax or vaccine injury.
We collectively have four providers in my practice.
We probably evaluated and treated 1,500 patients.
We have 1,000 active.
I would say 95% of them are not confused at all that the vaccine triggered their illness.
I mean, literally, I have three cohorts of patients.
Those that were sick within, I would say, minutes to hours.
those that were sick within days to weeks and then have a very small proportion where it occurred later, like weeks to months.
And some of those only like kind of retrospectively figured out that it was a vaccine.
But the vast majority know that their lives prior to the vaccination and afterwards, I shouldn't say their lives, their health, their functioning, their sense of wellbeing was drastically altered.
Um, you know, and I'm just one practice.
I think my practice is, is literally trying to reach the greatest unmet need in healthcare, not only in history, but in the world right now.
I mean, the patients that come to me have gone through long journeys through what I call the system.
They go to these long COVID clinics.
Many of them go to like Mayo Clinic, Cleveland Clinic.
They get these immense evaluations and almost no offerings for treatment or symptom reduction.
And so they're abandoned.
For a long time, they were gaslit.
The gaslighting, I've been in practice two and a half years.
The first year, the psychological trauma of the patients who saw me from the gaslighting was immense.
Now, the gaslighting is less.
Those that still see system doctors, the system doctors will recognize the role of the vaccine and sometimes overtly.
So there's less like abandoning gaslighting, but it's a horror show.
I mean, I got to be honest here.
I think this is the right place to be real.
We're talking about a bioweapon, guys, that have poisoned billions of people.
Some to very little effect.
I mean, we know there's millions and millions of people who have been vaccinated with really no outward symptoms and no suffering.
But the amount of suffering is immense.
And these are disabled people.
And I'm going to give you guys the typical profile of a patient in my practice.
Remember, I'm fee-based.
I don't take insurance.
So I don't treat poor people anymore.
I spent my life treating poor people.
But they come to me.
Many of them were professionals with success in their careers.
They exercised.
They ate well.
They took care of themselves.
They were living their best lives.
And now they're effectively, if not literally, disabled.
And I see this every single day.
And they all want their old lives back.
This disease that we call long COVID or long vax is really hard to get people back to their baseline.
We definitely mitigate symptoms, we improve functioning, but it's a struggle and you have to keep trying things and work with them and it's, you know, again, going back to that video, Livio, with this pandemically vaccinated and they unleashed a barely tested novel gene therapy that turned out to be very highly toxic.
And like Steve mentioned, no one is admitting wrong.
No one is
is calling attention to the fact that they did something that was horrific to the nation's health.
I'm sorry if I'm going on too long, guys, but I do want to make one point that I really think is so important about this topic is the most significant piece of data that we should be talking about on this three-year anniversary of the mandates is the group life insurance data.
I tweeted about it yesterday, I actually retweeted Ed Dowd's, that one table from the Society of Actuaries, which shows that in the third quarter of 2021, in our youngest, healthiest, wealthiest Americans, right, those employed with group life health insurance from Fortune 500 companies,
Their death claims went up 200% in the 35 to 44 range.
And basically, if you look at the three groups from 25 to 54, it was massive increases for the next two quarters, never before seen in history.
In life insurance data, so we don't have to argue about medical journals and their censorship and propaganda and the fraudulent studies saying that they're safe and effective, you can't argue with life insurance data.
They make their money off of that data and they were reporting this massive rise in death.
What happened in the third quarter of 2021?
Mandates, mandates, universities, corporations everywhere killed an immense amount of the healthiest of our society.
And that is what we should recognize on this anniversary, this supposed anniversary of these mandates.
Sorry to go on so long, but I got to tell you, let's talk about what's real there, man.
A lot of young people died.

[SPEAKER_06]
No.
Yeah, I mean, it's it's so tragic.
And, you know, it's funny, I'm like right now I'm I'm I'm preparing a debate with someone who's challenging me on the vaccines benefit versus risk.
And I didn't even incorporate the life insurance data
in my argument, and I really should.
It's like there's just so many of these examples that are simply tragic.
So what do you guys think?
Do you think that certainly if Trump gets elected, I think this will be a whole new ballgame.
But if Harris gets elected,
I think we were in for like another four years of gaslining and censorship and I think it will get even worse.
Do you guys agree?

[SPEAKER_07]
Paul?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_07]
I mean, yes, I think, I mean, if you look at what this administration, which literally oversaw the mandates and the rollout and the mass vaccination push.
And I mean, come on, you look at the censorship, right, from the Twitter files to more recently, what is his name, Zuckerberg admitting
that the government was forcing them to censor and suppress anything that would go against this vaccination campaign.
It's this administration which Harris was a part of.
How would we expect anything different?
Our government's been captured by
corporate forces industries that will quell and squash and censor any inconvenient data.
And who's on this call?
It's me, Paul and Steve.
What have we been doing?
We've been trying to speak truth and put out data to guide people towards health.
And we've been attacked, suppressed, censored, propagandized in the media, the hit jobs on you Steve and me and Paul.
I mean, Paul and I just lost our board certifications.
That was a censoring tactic.
It's to show us as incredible fringe quacks.
By the way, as you know, we had exemplary academic careers before COVID and then now suddenly we're fringe quacks and we have to get our boards taken away from us.
It's sending a message to others.
I think we're going to see more of the same, more of the same.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yep.
Paul, what do you think?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, I mean, as Pierce says, it's been it's an outrage.
Everything they did was a lie and was deceptive.
I mean, everything about these vaccines was it was never safe and never effective.
And they've they've lied to us.
It's an absolute crevice.
And as Pierce said, the tragedy is that thousands, if not hundreds of thousands of otherwise healthy people died.
And we know that.
If you just look at the excess mortality in every westernized country, the number of excess deaths are 10 to 20 percent above normal.
So there's been a surge in excess deaths related to the vaccine.
Those countries that were most vaccinated had the biggest increase in excess deaths.
So there can be no question of doubt that these vaccines are neither safe nor effective, but the narrative continues.

[SPEAKER_05]
I wanted to pop in and talk to you about cancer.
I have another friend whose wife has now stage four cancer.
And I actually shared a video with them, Dr. Kathleen Ruddy, I think was her name, talking about ivermectin as a treatment in this trial that she's involved in.
And they shared it with their doctor down over at Yale.
And the doctor was like,
Yeah, I've heard about this, but there's just not enough deep data and anything else is anecdotal.
And it was just really frustrating for me to hear that my friends, that they're the doctor that they trust.
And then they were just like, yeah, so we're just going to
listen to our doctor and thanks but no thanks.

[SPEAKER_06]
And this was a turbo cancer?
This presented at stage four?

[SPEAKER_05]
Exactly.
Because that's important.
Exactly a year ago, she was presented with stage four on a routine physical, completely fine.
She was at the time, I think triple.
I think she got the initial two and then a booster.
Yeah.
And then she went in for just a physical and they were like, oh, you're at stage four.

[SPEAKER_06]
How often did that happen before the vaccines, Paul or Pierre?
Yeah, it was unusual.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, it's unusual.
The characteristic feature of turbo cancers is one, they're occurring in younger people, two, they're highly malignant, and three, when they present, they're often presented in a late stage, stage four.
So this seems to be pretty typical of turbo cancers.
Well, hold on, Paul, let's go really basic.

[SPEAKER_07]
The term turbo cancer, I have never heard before the wake of the vaccination campaign.
And we've been in medicine a long time.
I've taken care of many cancer patients.
I used to do a lot of lung cancer work.
That was never a word.
It was not a thing.
Turbo cancer.
You're hearing these cases of diagnosis to death of weeks.
That's not the cancer that I've known as a physician.
There's no such thing as diagnosis to death of weeks.
Cancer is generally a slow, yes, it's terminal.
It can be often deadly, but you don't see that rapidity from presentation to death.
And so
This whole idea of turbo cancer, what Paul said was absolutely correct, but I think it's rather novel and I've talked to a couple oncologists and yes, there are cases in the past where they had very rapid aggressive trajectories that you could have called turbo cancers.
But that was never a term because it was not that common.
It would be very strange and rare for someone to progress and decline that rapidly, although it could have happened.
But now it's more of a pattern or a phenomenon.
Let me add one thing.

[SPEAKER_06]
So it's the new normal.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, kind of for some, right?
And, you know, I, I now, um, you know, uh, you know, as benefiting from Paul's work and I'm going to just call out Paul's work.
I mean, you know, obviously our organization, my former one, um, we worked really hard on figuring out how to treat COVID both prevention, treatment, hospital phase, and long COVID.
It's all based on the use of repurposed drugs that we know their safety effect profiles, we know their mechanisms of action, and we were highly successful, right?
If you ignore the mainstream media and the agencies, we know our followers knew that we helped them, we saved them, we turned people around using that.
You know, Paul's work in cancer is really exemplary, and I think really unique.
I mean, he literally surveyed the world's literature for all the possible repurposed drug treatments.
And out of reviewing a couple of thousand studies, he came up with a few different categories of medicines that have strong evidence, weak evidence, and insufficient.
Because if you have cancer and you go on the internet, you'll find 100 cures for cancer within 30 minutes of searching, right?
But when you really look at it scientifically and through the evidence base, they're not the same.
But here's the thing that the beauty of Paul's work is that he identified, I think in his strong category, 18 different repurposed therapies that are quite safe, known to be safe, used for decades.
that have really potent anti-tumor properties.
And so my practice, in my practice, I am now treating cancer.
I have a large number of patients who come to me, and I do it complementary.
I'm not trying to say don't do chemo or radiation.
I just want to try to optimize their outcomes with safe medicines, with known efficacy, that are supported by large evidence bases, and we treat a fair amount of cancer.
We've gotten really good results.
I will also say I haven't gotten good results.
still can't figure out why some respond dramatically and others don't.
But we try to do what we can in a prudent, safe, evidence-based and data-driven scientific manner.
And, you know, for this doctor to say like, oh, it's anecdotal.
Well, you know what the plural of an anecdote is?
It's called data, right?
So when you have like 10, 15, 20 patients who've
really had these incredible responses, that's a data signal.
It doesn't mean that ivermectin is a cure for cancer.
There is no cure for cancer.
It just means that you've identified a potentially effective medicine and ivermectin is one of the mainstays of my treatments.
I use combinations.
I use like literally on average up to 10 combinations of prescription medicines and nutraceuticals that sit on the evidence base and it's really guided and inspired by Paul's work.

[SPEAKER_05]
There's a question here that I'm going to jump in real and ask it because I think it's pertinent to what we're talking about right now from Papa Romano.
And thank you for the super chat or the rumble rant.
He's looking for an update on Paul Mann, patient zero, taking 24 milligrams of ivermectin to battle his stage four cancer.
Do you guys have an update on that?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, as far as I know, he's doing well.
His more recent scans are significantly negative, and so he's doing well.
He's shown progressive improvement in outcome.
He'll be on ivermectin probably forever, the rest of his life.
But he hasn't relapsed.
And with each progressive scan, his tumor burden gets a lot less.
So it's very encouraging.
Thank you for asking.
Yes, he's doing really well.

[SPEAKER_07]
But to be fair, Livia, that is an anecdote, right?
So Paul Mann had an incredible response to ivermectin.
In my practice, I have a couple of them.
I also have a patient with prostate cancer metastatic who I've been a little unimpressed with the results.
And so it's not to say that, you know, I ever met against the cure, but boy, we've seen some traumatic responses.
And what is the cost?
It's a cheap medicine.
It's super safe.
There's no downside.
So going back to that doctor's statement, right?
Oh, it's anecdotal.
So what?
From the precautionary principle, you have a safe, cheap, available medicine that might help
What is the downside?
Just try it.
It has good mechanisms.
It has good scientific, you know, very good mechanisms of action against tumors that are supported scientifically.
It's reasonable to do.
I don't know why, but, you know, I always borrow the term that Paul said three years ago.
You know, the world has gone mad.
Like, where is just common sense, rational logic?
You know, medicine, everything you do in medicine has a benefit and a risk.
And you always want to have that upside
way overwhelmed the downside.
And with a lot of the things that Paul has identified as having actual anti-tumor properties with really important results, the downsides are so low.
And so I got to tell you, Paul inspired me.
I really like my practice.
Patients come to me.
I don't promise anything.
I just try to do complementary care alongside whatever the oncologists are doing and doing things.
Yes, they don't have large randomized controlled trials.
The guidelines, the cancer societies aren't recommending them, but we know that they can help.
We've seen them help.
They don't help everyone, but it's reasonable for a cancer patient to pursue complementary cancer therapies.
Paul, in your book, what is it like, 90% of cancer patients seek out complementary alternatives?
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
And so, Livio, just to put it in perspective, that with modern chemotherapy and radiotherapy, the lifespan or overall survival of a patient with cancer has been increased by three months.

[SPEAKER_05]
With your trial?
No, no, no.
No, traditional.
Traditional, okay, gotcha.

[SPEAKER_07]
Over 30 years, that's what chemo has done.
It's increased the survival of cancer patients by three months.

[SPEAKER_05]
30 years of advanced... That's what they're telling my friends.
That's exactly what they're telling my friends.
Like, oh, you're going to die.
It's only going to extend your life by a few more months is basically, and my argument with them
And it's what you said, Pierre.
I was like, what do you have to lose?
Like, this is a safe medication.
And I actually know doctors that might be able to help you.
And they were open to it until their doctor basically said, I feel strongly that there's not enough deep data.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
So obviously the doctor's ignorant because for many of the interventions that we recommend,
repurposed drugs, vitamin D, beta blockers, melatonin.
There's extensive data, overwhelming data, meta-analyses.
So obviously the doctor is talking through his rear end and is unaware of the large volume of data which supports many of these drugs.
Sure, for other medicine, there's not a large database.
But we are aware of many, many, many anecdotes.
And as Piers said, one anecdote is an anecdote.
Multiple anecdotes is data.
And it's a particularly safe drug.
So as you say, what do you have to lose?
The worst that can happen is your tumor can respond to therapy.

[SPEAKER_05]
And then early treatment, the sooner they would augment their current treatment with this, the better the possible outcome, I would imagine.
And the longer they wait, then probably nothing will help after a certain point.

[SPEAKER_07]
For sure.
You know, Olivia, I have three types of patients with cancer that come see me.
There's one cohort which comes early.
somehow they understand, you know, Paul's work and the evidence base behind repurposing.
And they'll come early and they'll get standard of care treatment as well as the complementary care that I offer.
That there's another cohort who come to me because they've exhausted standard of care.
They've gotten all the chemo and radiation they can bear and that the doctors will give them.
The doctors basically, they graduate from standard of care.
The doctors say,
you know what we've tried everything we've thrown everything at you it's progressed there's nothing we're gonna make you sicker if we keep treating you so they come to me because they they still want to have uh you know an access to treatment and then i have a small cohort which make me nervous those that don't want to do standard of care they know the the the unfortunate really
underwhelming results of like chemotherapy and radiation in quite a few cancers.
I mean, chemotherapy can be curative in a very small amount, but in solid tumors, it really doesn't fare very well.
Radiation is a mixed bag.
And so some of them just want to avoid it entirely.
And again, I don't encourage them.
I really try to keep in my lane as I'm not an oncologist.
I just want to,
You know, I know Paul's science.
I've read his book.
Like Paul said, he has so much data that he's amassed for a lot of these interventions.
And I try to promote and treat patients with those and, and, you know, but I'll take anyone to try to help them.

[SPEAKER_05]
I'm hoping I get that call from my friend saying, OK, I've exhausted everything.
We've exhausted everything.
Please help.

[SPEAKER_04]
And then maybe they shouldn't wait too long, Livio, because, as you know, the further it's just like COVID, the further down the.
road you are with this disease, with COVID, the more difficult it is to treat.
Early treatment, you know, there's no disease that doesn't benefit from early treatment.
There's no disease that benefits from waiting until the disease is advanced.
So it just doesn't make sense.
And so, you know, if they're a little bit skeptical, it doesn't mean that they have to completely abandon what the oncologist is giving them.
They can use this as a junk of therapy in parallel.
They're starting to stop them using both.

[SPEAKER_05]
Exactly.
Exactly.
I have another super chat question here from Bell CM1.
Is there a dosage recommendation for prophylaxis used to prevent cancer?
Ha.

[SPEAKER_07]
You can try that one, Paul.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, so that's an interesting question.
And generally, we wouldn't recommend, and I'm interested in what Pierre says, we wouldn't recommend either, unless they were a particularly high risk or they had markers
that suggested that they were at high risk.
But in terms of prevention of cancer, we know vitamin D has a role, omega-3 fatty acids have a role, exercise has a role.
And then in patients who are at even higher risk, you'd consider things like metformin and other interventions.
But we would limit
I've elected to only those patients that were extremely high risk, maybe they had some strong familial history, if they were maybe BRCA1 patients.
So, you know, it has to be individualized.

[SPEAKER_07]
Would you agree with that, Pierre?
Yeah, I agree.
I mean, let's just start with the plain truth.
I mean, we don't have any evidence or data to suggest that chronic ivermectin intake reduces cancer.
Theoretically, on paper, knowing its mechanisms,
I think it's a reasonable, let's say, assumption or estimate that it would have a role and could mitigate, but there's just nothing there to really recommend it.
But the other thing is though, the decisions that I make and the things that I do with patients, it's always
patient-physician collaboration and preference, right?
And so, you know, doctors, one of the main sort of characteristics, which I think differentiate doctors, is risk tolerance.
Not only medical legal risk, but like even risks of trying medicines with patients.
I mean, I've worked with so many doctors.
As the head of the ICU, I had so many consultants.
I worked with so many doctors.
And some were just like, I'm sorry to call, it's late at night, but wussies.
I mean, they only follow rules, guidelines, recommendations.
They would never do something that hasn't been done a hundred million times before.
And then there are doctors on the other side of the spectrum, which are like freethinking, trying to figure out what the best solution is for this patient, trying things that they think might help that has little downside.
and kind of are a little bit more risk-taking, always with putting their patients' best outcomes as their primary consideration.
And similarly with patients.
Patients come to me, some are very risk-averse.
They don't want to try medicines unless they're
you know, very well founded and have a role.
Others are like, Doc, I'm really worried about this.
What can you do for me?
You know, like, I want to take things.
I think I'm going to get cancer.
And not that I participate in delusions, but if they have real fears and risks, you know, real fears of something, and they're willing to try things to try to with the hypothetical hope of mitigating that risk.
And they asked me like, what would you suggest
I would say things like Paul just said.
I would be like, there's really good evidence that if you have good vitamin D intake and good level, your cancer is very low.
If you're Omnimetformin, your chance of getting cancer is very low.
Propranolol, there's other things.
I've remarked and we don't have enough evidence for, I like the mechanisms for it, but like, yes, if someone who's really afraid and like Paul said,
Strong family history maybe or propensity of cancer in the family and therefore they're really wanting to be more aggressive on the preventative thing I got things to suggest but I can as a rule say, you know If you don't want to get cancer take this that or the other thing But but there's just plain old interventions like Paul said sunlight exercise, you know good health vitamin D Those are avoiding toxins right eating good food.
I mean
There are just plain, common, sensical things that you can do to try to maintain your health.

[SPEAKER_05]
Great advice.
Have you met Dr. Stella Emanuel, either of you?
I'm assuming you have.

[SPEAKER_07]
I've heard about her.
I've admired her from afar, but I have not, and I don't know how that is because this journey has been long and I've met a lot of people and Stella's a big
You know, big voice out there, but no, I have not had the pleasure of meeting her.

[SPEAKER_05]
Wow.
So I get to make the introduction.
Well, here you go.
Here's Dr. Stella Emanuel.
Please meet Dr. Pierre Khoury and Dr. Paul Merrick.
And I think you know Steve Kersh.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, I know.
I mean, it's just been crazy that we've not met.
I know.
I've been hearing about you guys and see the work that you're doing.
And I'm like, why haven't I met these people?
When we get out of here, we need to exchange numbers or something.
We need to meet somehow, you know.
But a good job for all the work that you've been doing and all the hits that you've been taking.
I know we've all been taking hits, but it's the battle that we have to fight for humanity.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_05]
And I know that Dr. Corey and Paul may have to leave shortly, but let me read Stella's bio because it's impressive.
Dr. Stella Emanuel, a fearless advocate for truth and healing, is a Cameroonian-American physician currently practicing in Houston, Texas.
After completing her general medical training in Nigeria and migrating to the U.S. to finish her residency, she became a licensed physician and has been a relentless force in the fight against COVID-19.
From the early days of the pandemic, Dr. Manuel was at the forefront advocating for early treatment of COVID-19 patients with hydroxychloroquine and ivermectin.
Her efforts have saved countless lives, keeping patients out of hospitals and on the path to recovery.
As a prominent member of the frontline doctors movement, she gained national attention for her passionate defense of hydroxychloroquine as a key treatment against COVID-19, believing it to be one of the most effective weapons America has to fight the pandemic.
In addition to her medical work, Dr. Emanuel is a minister, author, and founder of Fire Power Ministries in Texas, where she's known as God's warrior princess.
Her mission extends beyond medicine, empowering people spiritually and equipping them to break free from the enemy's grip.
And we are blessed to have her with us tonight.
And again, thank you for joining us, Dr. Stella Emanuel.

[SPEAKER_01]
I am so honored to be here today.
Thank you, Steve, for inviting me and I'm honored also to meet all these other great warriors that have been fighting this battle.

[SPEAKER_05]
And you were completely prosecuted for hydroxychloroquine, just like Dr. Merrick and Corey were for ivermectin.
And Dr. Corey and Merrick, did you guys use hydroxychloroquine?
Well, here's what I want to tell Stella.

[SPEAKER_07]
And I sometimes say this, I like to admit, I think Paul and I, we got so many things right in COVID.
We did not get hydroxychloroquine early.
And this is not a defensive statement, but two things.
Number one, we were immersed in the ICU.
Yes, I remember hydroxychloroquine being used.
It did nothing.
I mean, I had the sickest, most advanced patients.
I didn't see any benefit.
You know, I also didn't know about the propaganda and censorship and fraud in the medical journals.
And so Paul and I, when we started COVID, we still trusted in the institutions of science.
We trusted our agencies.
We trusted our medical journals.
And we weren't doing early treatment.
And so I watched this hydroxychloroquine thing.
I was officially agnostic.
I knew it wasn't really helping in the hospital.
But I didn't know, and then they put out the fraudulent trials.
And I will say, I'm going to speak for us, Paul, we believed the disinformation campaign against hydroxychloroquine for a while, until we found out that ivermectin was effective.
And then we saw that same campaign that killed hydroxychloroquine.
They went after ivermectin.
And I'll speak for Paul, but Paul finally got it when he read the real Anthony Fauci, because Bobby really lays out what happened to hydroxychloroquine.
But Stella, you said you appreciate what we've done and the hits we've taken.
uh that goes right back at you my friend i mean you you were the og right the original gangsta i mean you were out there out front in hydroxychloroquine during like the the heat of it in the beginning yes and i appreciate your work and what you've done and and i didn't know i didn't know whether you were right or wrong i i was like
I was not a pro or anti.
I was kind of thinking that the data wasn't there, but now where I sit now, I know that you're a true frontline clinician.
We don't need randomized control trials.
I don't need some stupid trial to tell me it works.
I can see it in my care.
And you saw it early.
You spoke out about it.
Like all of you guys in like the AFLDS.
And I hope history remembers you kindly.
I don't think it will because history is written by, you know, the other side.
But anyway, hopefully I've said enough.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_01]
You see, the thing with hydroxychloroquine and ivermectin, I started using hydroxychloroquine really early in March and it worked really good.
But, and then when you guys started talking about ivermectin, no, I didn't hear about ivermectin from you guys.
It came from somewhere in Columbia or somewhere.
So I added ivermectin into my treatment protocol.
So by May, we were using both hydroxychloroquine and ivermectin.
So when patients came in and, you know, if they came in and they were very sick,
If they came in really early, we just gave them hydroxychloroquine.
But if they came in and they were very sick, we gave them hydroxychloroquine and ivermectin.
And for a truth, hydroxychloroquine works earlier, but ivermectin works later in the disease.
So even for people that are in the hospital that have been in the disease for a long time, ivermectin will work better than hydroxychloroquine.
So it was something that when I hear people say, oh, no, it's just ivermectin, I say, well, they just don't know.
I'm a frontline doctor.
I see patients in the clinic.
I see them when they come in sick.
I have a niece that works in the ICU because she does intubations.
I'm just kind of a little blank a little bit.
So she was totally crazy about the disease, crazy about all of us getting the vaccine because everybody was going to die.
But I could understand where she was coming from because she only saw COVID patients when they were about to be intubated.
And she came in to intubate, and she's an anesthesiologist.
So all she came in is to intubate patients.
So that is the only view she had of COVID.
But we were frontline people.
We saw patients when they got the first test right, or when they went to the hospital and they got positive results.
And they told them to go home and wait until they were almost dead to come back to the hospital.
And then they ran to our clinic.
We had people run out of the hospital, run from the hospital.
We had people check themselves out of the hospital and run to the clinic.
So we were really fortunate to see patients in the early stage of the disease.
And that is why we had such good results.
I can say that.
Having seen over 100,000 patients, basically, we had at some point during the peak of Delta, we had like 2,000 patients waiting to see us at all times T. It was crazy.
We had like 40-something doctors and nurse practitioners working all over the country.
And with that level of patients that we were seeing, the deaths we had for patients that we actually saw was probably
less than 20 because most of and those patients were those that came in that were already very sick and you know I tend to came to us they were too sick for us to do anything about them and they usually would like die within like a day or two but uh we really had great results because of um me coming out in 2020 and going explosive and viral it just had the whole nation looking looking for what we were doing
people that really wanted to be treated.
In fact, I still have a picture of my clinic in Texas.
People lined up in front of my clinic.
I see they were lining up for Black Friday, like around the clock, around the whole place.
I still have a picture of that.
It's actually like it's surreal.
They'll bring their chairs and sit down and line up to get treated.
It was interesting.

[SPEAKER_07]
Still, what you're describing is so interesting.
So like, you know, I've done a lot of speaking on COVID and Ghana conferences, but you know, when I went to France, like, it's remarkable, the different countries I visited, when you talk to doctors like you, like frontline doctors, like, there's the same minority cohort of like real physicians, clinicians who figured it out.
And the French experience, especially in Maussee in the south, where Didier Raoult was, they knew Hydroxychloroquine was working.
And the same thing that you described, just lines of people around the block.
And their data is just incredible.
They treated many, many, many thousands with
very few deaths.
And so like, like you're what you just described, others, even in Italy, we have colleagues in Italy, same thing, people came to them, they use these safe, effective treatments, and had the same results.
The problem is, most of society who wasn't awake aware or knew to trust these fringe doctors, right?
We're fringe quacks.
Remember that?
You had to find a fringe crack if you were going to get saved.
And it was just really sad.
It's really sad.
I mean, we fought a war, and I think we helped as many as we could.

[SPEAKER_01]
That is why when I got to DC in July, so you can imagine a situation of I'm seeing like an 83-year-old with diabetes with COVID.
An 83-year-old with diabetes with COVID was actually a death sentence practically.
So I would see 83-year-old people that came in would
asthma and came in like with you know people people that very sick people that came with covid and i treated them and they did well and then whenever i turned on the tv i saw people were dying i could not handle it i could by the time i got to dc i was so crazy upset i called my family i told him so i'm going to dc and um i'm gonna speak up i don't know when i'll make it back if i perish i perish i just cannot let people die it was i was that i was so
i just couldn't handle it anymore so that is why when i stood in front of the supreme court that day i went crazy i just like went like wild crazy i told my family i might not make it back they might kill me but i'm gonna stand i'm gonna talk i'm just not gonna let people die you know so i just went like crazy like what like
And of course, God, in his infinite mercy, used my voice to wake up the whole world.
Basically like, poof, the whole world.
It was like a watershed moment.
People were able to find their voices.
Before that, everybody was locked up in their house, so scared that we were all going to die.
In fact, these globalists, they assumed that by now, we will all be like quadruple boosted.
They were expecting that, but they didn't know that they'll get such a fight back from humanity.
And I'm just thankful that I was one of the voices that
god using this time like all of you to fight back and said no we're not we're not just going to lay back and die we're going to stand up and speak for humanity it's sad that doctors failed the world you know doctors really just failed the world and allowed this the medical industrial complex to do the evil that they did but um that is the world that we're in

[SPEAKER_05]
That is really, really sad.
Doctors, Corey and Merrick, I know you guys have to leave and I want to leave time for Steve and Stella to talk.
And I'm honored that I actually got to make the introduction and introduce you guys tonight.

[SPEAKER_07]
I'm honored to finally meet you, Stella.
You've been a voice, a power, a strength and for patients.
And I appreciate you.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_01]
Nice to meet you.

[SPEAKER_07]
Thanks.

[SPEAKER_05]
Thank you, Paul and Pierre for coming on tonight.
I really appreciate you guys.
Love seeing you.
And hopefully we'll see you in D.C. in a couple of weeks.
Do you assume?

[SPEAKER_01]
What's happening in D.C.?

[SPEAKER_05]
We'll talk about that later in the show.
There is another event called Rescue the Republic, which I'm going to do another announcement later in the show.
So maybe you can join as well.
Thank you, Paul and Pierre.
Have a great night.

[SPEAKER_06]
Okay, I guess Livio is leaving me to this here.
Sorry, I hit the wrong button, but I'm going to leave you to it.
Sorry, Steve, I hit the wrong button, but I will leave you to it.
I'll be back for Q&A.
Usually he's less abrupt than that.
So okay, he hit the wrong button.
So Stella, I got to be honest with you.
I did a Google search on you before the show.
And I'm seeing all these hits.
I mean, you're like this bad person here.
I mean, like the BBC says that you're the doctor behind unproven coronavirus claims here.
You're at the center of a controversy over unproven and potentially dangerous claims that an anti malaria drug can treat COVID-19.
The Washington Post.
says a doctor in a viral video of false COVID-19.
She appeared in on this video that was retweeted by President Trump.
but banned from social media companies, of course, because it would be a violation of their terms of service, known for making false statements to MedPage Today's Stella Emanuel, highest US prescriber of ivermectin.
I mean, you're a bad person here, misleading virus video.

[SPEAKER_01]
I know, it's amazing.

[SPEAKER_06]
Pushed by Trump.

[SPEAKER_01]
I know, I'm wearing like a crown, it's amazing.

[SPEAKER_06]
And then the Houston Chronicles quotes you as saying, it's not a joke, Houston Dr. Estella Emanuel defends, and I'll have to click over here to see what the headline says, defends the use of hydroxychloroquine for COVID-19.
Man, you're a badass here.
I know.

[SPEAKER_03]
You're getting serious trouble.

[SPEAKER_06]
Have they, how many times have they tried to revoke your license to practice medicine?
And surely they've revoked all your medical boards by now.

[SPEAKER_01]
No, actually, they tried.
No, they didn't.
You see, Steve, when I, my story is very interesting, right?
You won't believe it.
I think my story has the fact, when you hear that I'm a prayer warrior and I'm a spiritual person, I think that really works a lot to help with my story because I was in Louisiana.
I had a Louisiana license.
I had a Kentucky license and Louisiana, Kentucky and I think Louisiana, I had three licenses, Louisiana, Kentucky and Texas.
At least I just had Louisiana and Kentucky.
But I decided, but I had a whole revelation that God told me to move to Houston, to move to Texas.
And I moved to Texas and I got a license just before all this craziness broke.
And you won't believe it that Texas is the only state that actually protected the doctors and said that we are allowed to prescribe medications as long as we gave the patients informed consent.
I have had over maybe 40 board reports where people reported me to the Texas board and then I will send them paperwork and then they will look at my consent.
The only thing that they had a problem with initially was that I didn't give adequate informed consent and once we clean up the informed consent part, most of the time they will send it in, I will send in the paperwork, they'll look at the informed consent, they'll just dismiss it.
But I mean, I had like 40 bot reports.
The first four or five times I was so terrified.
Afterwards, I was like, well, I don't care.
So I think what happened is I happened to be in Texas.
And Texas was the only state
I don't know, maybe there were other ones, but Texas was the main state that protected us.
We actually had two people in the state legislation that actually called the board and told the board to back off and allow Texas doctors to do their job.
We actually had a hearing with the Texas senators and congressmen in the Texas state
they actually had a meeting with the board of Texas board and say why are you trying to stop doctors from taking care of Texans.
The first town hall meeting that we did was with one of our senators
Bob Hall, she actually, before we even went viral, she was one of the first few people that came out and supported us and did a town hall meeting with all the doctors.
And they started asking TechSax board to back off and let us treat patients.
That was the only thing.
And I believe that God told me to move to TechSax just before this happened.
If I was in Louisiana, I would have lost my license.
In fact, Louisiana tried to give me trouble over my license.
And then they backed off when they saw that TechSax did not give me any kind of trouble.
and then colorado because i have like eight licenses colorado colorado at some point said that oh i took care of covid patients they don't believe in this since i don't live in colorado i just send them like a really i i send them like a strongly worded letter that that you know that i'm a physician and if you go by by if you go by
that you as the board do not have jurisdiction over how I practice medicine as long as I practice it in my scope of practice and I give the patient informed consent as long as a medication has been approved by the FDA and I can use it off label and Texas state acknowledges that and I told them I said I feel harassed by the Colorado board and if you guys harass me I will sue you everything that I have Colorado board practically backed off
So somehow, I have managed to stand and survive and thrive.
And nobody has really done it.
Apart from just bashing me and calling me names and making crazy statements about me, I really have done well.
So I think part of it is just because, like I said, I'm a prayer warrior.
I pray all the time.
So we're fighting the battle both in the spirit and making sure that we deal with the demons in the spirit so that they don't attack you in the physical.
It's been interesting.

[SPEAKER_06]
So how many COVID vaccines have you had?

[SPEAKER_01]
What?

[SPEAKER_06]
None.
That was a joke.
How about your patients?
Did any of your patients get duped by the narrative?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yes.
How many total patients?
I don't know I've not done a data for that yet but we do have when patients come to see us we always ask have you taken the vaccine which kind did you take and how many doses did you take and and we started finding out that from like 2022 2023 a lot of our patients actually took the vaccine already and they were still coming
they were still sick with COVID till today.
I think there were times when we probably had more patients.
I've not done like a total data on it yet, but definitely I will have a lot of patients that have come to see us that took the vaccine.
They still come for treatment.

[SPEAKER_06]
So do you have a sense for
how the vaccine impacted their susceptibility to getting COVID, to being hospitalized and to dying?
Do you think the vaccine made things worse?
Do you think it made things better?
Do you think it didn't change anything?
What's your perception?

[SPEAKER_01]
I think when it came to COVID, at some point, we felt as if the vaccine made people actually get sicker from COVID.
You know, we found out that, you know, like, you know, the vaccine probably made people catch COVID faster.
And because we don't, we treat our patients.
So whether they are, whether they are vaccinated or unvaccinated,
Hydroxychloroquine ivermectin is effective.
So we treat our patients and they get better.
Most of our patients do not end up in the hospital or die.
So we don't have that data of patients ending up in the hospital and dying.
But we still do have patients that call us from the hospital, but those we don't know what's going on with them.
But most of our patients, they do well.
So we don't have much data about patients ending up in the hospital and dying.

[SPEAKER_06]
So when did you catch on to the, the CDC's lying to me, the FDA is lying to me, the whole thing's crooked.
Like when did you figure out, like when you're in med school, you're taught like vaccines are safe and effective and everybody should get one.
And then when you get out in the real world, you know that they were lying to you.
When was the wake up call for you?
When did you, when did the light switch turn on?

[SPEAKER_01]
I think the light switch turned on for me actually in 2020, because like I said, I had just acquired a practice in Houston.
The physician that passed away, God bless his soul, he had about 20% of my patients were from China.
He was a Japanese guy.
So I had most patients from China, Japan, and all that stuff.
So this is where we were in February of 2020 when they started talking about COVID.
we had to figure out how to take care of covid because i had a lot of chinese patients and it was very scary the first weeks or so we were wearing kivix suits and masks and you know just doing all kinds of stuff and then a friend of mine told me that they were using hydroxychloroquine in italy i trained in nigeria where we use chloroquine camo queen flour for queen we use it for malaria we gave it to babies to pregnant women to old people i knew how safe it was
So once I got that, I just jumped into it.
I started using the malaria dose to treat patients.
And then, of course, at that time, late Dr. Zelenko, too, had just started giving us data about using that with Zetromax.
So we added that.
So I started using it.
And patients were turning around within 24 to 48 hours.
It was so drastic and so
It was so I could almost call it Miraculous that a patient can come in and they can't breathe and they will give them Butesonite.
We'll give them a breathing treatment in the clinic.
We give them We give them Ivermectin and within a day or two they are doing better So I was so excited.
I was part of a doctor group online with about 30,000 doctors.
I was so excited I went online.
I was like wow, guess what?
I'm using Hydroxyploquine.
It works COVID is treatable blah blah blah.
I was so excited telling them
To my greatest shock, I got attacked.
At that time, Ram had just come out to say that hydroxychloroquine works.
So I got attacked.
I could not understand it.
I said, I am seeing a patient, and then Anthony Fauci said, no, it's anecdotal.
It does not work.
Part of this study that made me start using hydroxychloroquine, you can Google it, was a study under Anthony Fauci in, you know, in 2005, said chloroquine was a potent inhibitor of SARS-CoV-1.
So I was like, no, Anthony Fauci, you know it works.
You know what I'm saying?
So it was so shocking to me.
It was, I could not even handle it.

[SPEAKER_06]
Did anyone believe you?

[SPEAKER_01]
No, many people did.

[SPEAKER_06]
30,000 doctors on that list and nobody believed you?

[SPEAKER_01]
Very few.
There were a few of them that believed me and said, yes, it works.
We all got kicked out of the group.
Most of them were like, no, we don't know what they're talking about.
You know what?
It's anecdotal.
I mean, it was so crazy.
We were fighting each other and they just kicked us out of the group.

[SPEAKER_06]
Did they let you back in the group now that you showed them that you were right?

[SPEAKER_01]
No.
I don't even go on Facebook much anyway.
I don't even think they will let me back in the group because a lot of those doctors still don't believe that it works.

[SPEAKER_06]
Okay.

[SPEAKER_01]
That's the crazy part.

[SPEAKER_06]
I totally believe that.
I totally get that.

[SPEAKER_00]
It's so crazy.

[SPEAKER_06]
So how are you the largest ivermectin prescriber?
Are you the largest ivermectin prescriber in the US or are you the largest in the world?

[SPEAKER_01]
Probably in the world.

[SPEAKER_06]
because so so you're you're you're a really bad person.

[SPEAKER_01]
Then I know.
I know.

[SPEAKER_06]
Look, how did you how did you come to how many ivermectin prescriptions have you written for ivermectin?
How many and how many for for hydroxychloroquine?

[SPEAKER_01]
Probably over 100,000 of each.
100,000 of each.
Yeah, you know how I became, because everybody was like, how can you see that?
You can't see that many patients.
But here is the issue.
I was the group leader.
Yeah?
I was the group leader.
And all the doctors that worked under me, that were working under my group, all the prescriptions were written under me.
I was not the one that wrote all those prescriptions.

[SPEAKER_06]
How many doctors were under you?

[SPEAKER_01]
At some point, we had between doctors and nurse practitioners, we had about 40 doctors working, and we could not even cope.

[SPEAKER_06]
And so people had basically heard about you from all over the country or all over Texas, or what's the?

[SPEAKER_01]
All over the country.
We had doctors all over the country.
Yes.
And we see patients all over the country.
And we had doctors all over the country.
We had doctors working for us all over the country, nurse practitioners that joined us to work all over the country.

[SPEAKER_06]
So it's telemedicine.

[SPEAKER_01]
Telemedicine, yes.
Our clinic here, you know, we have a brick and mortar clinic right here in Houston.
I am telling you, at the peak of Delta, like I said, people used to come and line up.
They'll actually, they'll line up like it was in a street mall.
People line up on the street mall.
I will send you the picture one of these days.
It was so crazy.
People brought chairs from home and sat outside lining up to get into my clinic.

[SPEAKER_06]
Kind of like getting into a rock concert, right?

[SPEAKER_01]
yeah it was kind of like that you know and at that time it was we had like uh we were so at some point we had about five or six nurse practitioners and doctors working in the clinic just trying to cope with the number of patients that we were seeing patients were traveling four hours to come see us then once we when i went viral in 2020 and i established the telemedicine option
it became really really wild by like we established that by like September of 2020 when we established the telemedicine and then so we were able to recruit doctors you know we sent out things I was I was now famous and I was talking everywhere so doctors were contacting me from everywhere that were helping to see patients and everything so we are doctors from all over the country that were able to see patients but
most of them were scared that if they prescribe ivermectin or hydroxychloroquine, they're going to flak their licenses.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yep.

[SPEAKER_01]
You understand what I'm saying?
Yeah, I totally get that.
I've seen that happen before.
So everybody that worked under my group, all their prescriptions were called under the group NPI, and they were called under my NPI.
So that is how I started, that is how I was able to have 100,000 ivermectin or hydroxychloroquine under my name.
Congratulations.

[SPEAKER_06]
When you go out in public, do people recognize you?
Do people come up to you and say, hey, aren't you so-and-so?
Do they recognize you in Texas?
Do they recognize you outside of Texas?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, everywhere.
There's sometimes they recognize me sometimes everywhere.
Some even in Africa was passing somewhere.
I thought like, are you that doctor?
I said, yeah.
Can I have a selfie?
I said, sure.
But yeah, they recognize me everywhere, but not, but it depends on the way I dress.
If I have my, you know, that's right.

[SPEAKER_06]
Okay.
So you put it put on those men in black sunglasses, you know, and then they won't take.

[SPEAKER_01]
You see, the thing is that when I was on the steps of the Supreme Court, I had big hair.
So when I had my hair tied up, they don't even recognize me.
So what I do is that when I am, and one of the things that has been really, for me is, I believe we're fighting for the people.
So when I go out, when I go to conferences, I'm having lines and lines of selfie.
And I love to stand there and take those selfies because we're fighting for the people.
And when the people meet me, a lot of people's lives that I saved, I mean, having seen over a hundred and something thousand patients, we saved a lot of lives.
So wherever I go, people are crying, basically, because you can imagine an 85-year-old that was basically could have been doomed to die.
So people would just come like, oh, you treated me, Dr. Stella, thank you, that you saved my life.
I get that wherever I travel all over the country.
And sadly, I also get people that come to me and say, oh, Dr. Stella, they killed my, they killed my sweetheart.
My wife of 35 years were begging for hydroxycocaine, which I had known you were begging for ivermectin.
They refused to give us.
And so I get this heartbreaking and stories all over the country.
And I also get those, those heartwarming stories as I travel all over the country and I speak to different places.
it's just sad what has happened to humanity and um it's just a sad situation we've been in and to think that it has not stopped right now i say they have like a tripodemic going on right now although it's kind of brewing
We still have COVID.
The COVID flood virus is going on right now.
We're still getting sick patients.
And it's sad that four years down the line, people are still getting sick from COVID when they could just have hydroxychloroquine in their medicine cabinet.
So one of the things that we've really done is to encourage people to get hydroxychloroquine and ivermectin.
keep it in their medicine cabinet in case of eventuality.
These medicines are over the counter in many countries.
So then they have, of course, the M pox, the monkey pox thing that is an African thing.
I'm going to talk a little bit about that.
And then, of course, they have bird flu.
And I do believe that they're going to try to use bird flu to really disrupt our food supply.
So far, I think they've killed over 2.4 million or about 2.5 million chickens have been killed because of bird flu.
So the medical industrial complex colluding with the elites to kind of destroy humanity.
This is a battle that we're facing and I tell people I said, you know, I started saying this in 2020 before everybody got crazy.
I said, you know, COVID was a Trojan horse for the vaccine and the vaccine is a Trojan horse for transhumanism and human 2.0.
I said that in 2020 and everybody called me a cook.
And people told me that I was a little off, you know, what am I talking about demons and genetic modification?
But right now, basically, they're not hiding it anymore.
They are talking about, you know, fake humans and human 2.0 and, you know, Yuval Herare Noah says that, you know,
COVID was when we accepted surveillance to go under our skin.
So it's basically a plant.
It's a plant, this thing, against humanity.
But I believe that we have fought back to some extent.
All of us, with you, Steve, I see the work that you're doing.
Like even, you know, how Die Suddenly, UN, Die Suddenly, and how amazing that movie was, and how much it affected people.
So I know that we're fighting back with everything that we have.
So even though this globalist,
They are still trying to push hard to bring their agenda 2030 where we will all own nothing and we will be happy, where we will all be little robots with little injections and, you know, little nanobots in our bodies which they can control.
But we are fighting back and that's the joy of it because we're not,
humanity is not just going to lay down and die you know so we're fighting back and i'm thankful for every one of us that is fighting back and thankful for everybody that's going to listen to this join the fight in the very least way that you can even if it's by just sharing some of the work that we do
so i know that we're fighting back.
but when we start fighting back, uh, these elites are becoming more desperate.
so i think that they have a lot more things off their sleeves.
i do believe that they have a lot of disruptive events coming up, you know, that they will try to make sure that everybody gets digitalized.
I just came back from West Africa.
I traveled to Africa.
I went to Nigeria, Kenya, and Uganda.
And you will be surprised the level of digitalization and cashless society that has even gone all the way to Africa.
So every country right now, you can Google just about any country, you will see that digital ID is about to go everywhere.
And they're going to use pandemics, pandemics.
to try to make sure that we take the digital ID.
So that's what's actually going on.
That is the crux of the matter.
They might be using medicine to do it, or they might disrupt our food supply, or they might do cyber attacks, or political gangs that they are dancing right now.
By the end of the day, it is all about getting all human beings digitalized, getting every one of us controlled.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, but but so I don't understand why they need to use the pandemic to be able to do that.
Because in other countries, they're basically saying, your bank is no longer going to accept cash, you have to switch over to a digital ID.
So I don't get the connection here as to why you have to do it through the health system to get people to go to a digital ID when you can just easily just make make cash not available at the banks.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, but this is not just about using cash through your phones.
This is about putting a digital ID under your skin.
This is about putting surveillance under your skin.
If you listen to Yuval Herare Noah, I don't know whether you've ever read anything that he does.
Yuval Herare Noah says that.

[SPEAKER_06]
Wait a second here.
So are you saying that when you get a COVID vaccine that a digital ID is implanted in your body?

[SPEAKER_01]
A digital, yes, ID is implanted in your body.
It is not the mark of the beast as described, I don't think, but a digital ID is implanted.
That is what messenger RNA is.
The messenger RNA vaccine that they are putting in people's bodies, it is not about vaccination or about preventing disease.
It's about putting in a digital ID in everybody's body and also genetic modification.
Listen to Klaus Schwab.
Klaus Schwab said this, that in the fourth industrial revolution,
It is not what you do.
It's not what you do that will change.
It is you if you take genetic editing.
If you listen to one of the Moderna CEOs, he said it clearly that COVID vaccine was hacking the software of life and introducing a code.
So it is something a little deeper than just trying to kill people.
You know what I'm saying?
It is actually introducing a digital ID that can be traced.
You know, Bill Gates did something called a quantum dot tattoo with Rice University.
You can Google that.
Called quantum dot tattoo with Rice University.
They said they wanted to be able to put a tattoo in your body that can carry your vaccine status.
And that ID that they will put in your body, they can be able to scan with a smartphone and tell who you are, where you are.
Do you understand what I'm saying?
So everything they are doing is about digitalization.
If you go to West Africa right now, why are they trying to bring Monkeypox?
Let me just finish this thought.
Monkeypox is about to go to Africa.
Why?
Because COVID did not really take root in Africa.
because they have hydroxychloroquine over the counter.
So when people got sick of COVID, the same symptoms, they had symptoms that felt like malaria and they took anti-malarias.
So COVID did not really sink into Africa like that and because of that, a lot of people did not really take the vaccine.
Now,
They are trying to bring malaria mRNA vaccines.
They are trying to do the pandemic monkeypox.
And now they are sending millions and millions of vaccines to the country.
They have tried to do HPV vaccines.
So they are trying all kinds of vaccines just to make sure that they get the mRNA vaccine into everybody.
As far as these elites are concerned, they want to get an mRNA injection into every, all 7 billion people.
It has nothing to do with health.
It has something to do with surveillance.

[SPEAKER_06]
Okay, well, if it has something to do with surveillance, then can you read out my ID for me?
Do you have a method for determining what my ID is and how it's being read?
Is it being read through RF?
Is it being read through

[SPEAKER_01]
some other means like what is the mechanism for reading my ID or reading it if you read if you look at the quantum dot tattoo that is being manufactured by Rice University.
It actually has a biomarker called luciferous.
It was actually done.
Have you you can Google it.
It was
They want to be able to read your vaccines.

[SPEAKER_06]
But hang on, I'm not being injected with a quantum dot here.
I'm being injected with a COVID vaccine.
And you said that that gives me a digital ID that's in me.
I don't believe that there's evidence to suggest that that has happened.
And so I'm asking you so I can verify
what my ID is, how can I read the ID that was implanted with me when I took the two Moderna vaccines?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, like I said, if you look at what, when I talk about the quantum dot tattoo, right?

[SPEAKER_06]
No, I'm not talking about the quantum dot tattoo.
No, but that's not my question.

[SPEAKER_01]
You're saying that the Moderna vaccine that you were given, is that the digital ID?
I don't think that the current vaccines are actually the digital ID as much as it is probably weakening your immune system and putting the nanobots and changing your genetic makeup so that you can accept a digital ID.
But their global goal is to put a digital ID in everyone.
You understand what I'm saying?

[SPEAKER_06]
The digital idea, which we as Christians call the mark of the beast,

[SPEAKER_01]
It's actually going to be an ID that will be injected under your skin in your hand or in your forehead, and you will not be able to buy or sell without it.
But I do believe that right now, the vaccines that are being given right now to people, in fact, they did a study in Mammoth, Sweden that showed that the vaccines that are given are actually installing
genetic material they are transcribing and installing into the people's DNA.
So they are hacking the software of life, hacking human genome.
Okay, wait, wait, wait.

[SPEAKER_06]
So I'm not aware of any study showing that human DNA has been hacked that is a
I've seen the in vitro studies, but those are not.
Those are in vitro.
I've not seen an in vivo showing that the human DNA would be hacked because that would be front page news everywhere.
My phone would light up.
My phone has not lit up.
So, so where's the evidence of DNA integration?

[SPEAKER_01]
Okay, like I said, there was a study, this was in Mammoth, Sweden, that actually found out that this DNA, that the COVID vaccine that was injected in people, it was reverse transcribing and installing genetic material into the human genome.
That's number one.
If you listened to Tyzak, Tyzak is a Moderna CEO, you can pull it up.
He himself said that, in fact, the COVID vaccine is hacking the software of life and introducing a code.
I know sometimes it is kind of hard for us to understand, especially with people with scientific minds or people that are restricted by scientific minds, always look at things like, okay, where is the study?
Where is the data?
If we don't see the study, if we don't see the data, it's not happening.
But not everything is study and data.
Some of this stuff that is happening to us is spiritual.
And that is why they were able to capture us, because we're all about where's the data, where's the study.
And we don't want to see
what is happening that could probably be affecting humanity, which is not data or science, which is more spiritual.
So when they talk about this mark of the beast, I was talking about the quantum dot, I didn't finish.
One of the things that if you, and I want everybody to Google this if you can find them, you're asking how are they going to be able to read the vaccine in people or read the digital mark in people.
They have something called Luciferase.
You can Google COVID vaccine and Luciferase.
Luciferase is a biomarker that they can be able to use to read, to be able to use some kind of phone thing to read it in your body.
You can Google it.
It's called Luciferase.
Just Google Luciferase and COVID vaccine.
You know something?
They use the luciferase as a biomarker in preparation of the COVID vaccine.
So when I talk sometimes, Steve, is because I speak from both scientific what we see and also from the fact that humanity is dealing with something that's deep and spiritual.
And sometimes scientific minds, it's actually really hard to understand the spiritual part of it.
But we are dealing with a scientific barrel that is actually a spiritual barrel that is actually packaged as if it's science.
You understand what I'm saying?
This is a spiritual battle where humanity, they want to corrupt humanity, change our genome so that we're no longer quite human.
You understand what I'm saying?
And if you listen to what the globalists say, if you listen to Klaus Schwab, Yuval Noah, Bill Gates, and all the people that are pushing this vaccine, they say it, they're not even hiding it, but they are counting on the fact that a lot of us
We will continue to look at our intellect and say, well, we don't have any, I don't have any study that say that, you know, you can, you know, this thing can affect you spiritually.
They are not everything that is spiritual, that is scientific.
And that is why we're able to fight this battle.
And sometimes we're losing because we're looking at it just from the scientific perspective.
If you look at it scientifically, Steve, there was nothing in COVID that was actually scientific.
For example, number one, for us that practice medicine, you never go to the doctor and they tell you go home.
They find cancer in your body.
They tell you go home and come back when you're almost half dead for us to treat you.
That's not science.
We as physicians, we treat symptoms.
We alleviate symptoms, even when you cannot cure disease.
In COVID, they told you to go home and they didn't give you anything to alleviate your symptoms.
That is not science.
Just even the mask, wearing the face diapers that we wore to prevent transmission of COVID, that is not science because wearing those facial diapers to prevent COVID is like putting on a chain link fence to filter a mosquito.
It don't work.
Or for example, how about the fact that for years they gave people flu shots.
And if you had the flu, you were exempt from getting the flu shot that season because you already had the flu.
But in this situation, they made people take COVID shots even when they had COVID, even when they were actively sick.
They totally ignored, you know, innate immunity and something.
So many of the things that they said was not science.
And even the fact that they started with 100% safe and effective all the way to it doesn't work.
most of the things that they said during COVID was not scientifically sound.
It was not sound science.
So that is why sometimes I'm like, OK, if we're going to look at this thing like science, then come on, tell me how the stuff we went through with COVID was science.
Just like Pierre said that one or two cases are anecdotal.
But when you have 100 cases, it's data.
It's no longer anecdotal.
So for me, Steve, from where I have been and how I have fought this battle and how I have survived and how I have taken care of people, I'm a woman of science and the spirit.
And I've always looked at it in the sense of the scientific and the spiritual nature of what we're dealing with.
And being also that I'm a Bible scholar, and I've read the Bible all the way to Revelation, and I see all the things that are happening right now playing in Revelation,
that have been written.
For example, if you read in Revelation chapter 6, the first seal that was opened, the conqueror was given two things to use to conquer the world.
It was a crown and a poisonous dart.
A crown is corona.
Corona means crown, practically crown.
And the poisonous dart was the jab.
And these are the two things that have been used to conquer the whole world.
Prior to that, to the advent of COVID, nothing else has ever happened after the flood of Noah that affected every part of the world.
So I talk from being a woman of science and woman of the spirit.
And sometimes people like you, Steve, that have a great scientific mind, I just have to pray that you will connect someone to the spiritual path.
Right?

[SPEAKER_05]
You left speechless, Steve.

[SPEAKER_01]
I know, right?
Steve is like, Steve, finally somebody left speechless.
Show me the data.
We love you, Steve, because you look at the data and then we use the data to do the work that we do.
So that's great.
We need all of us.

[SPEAKER_05]
I want to ask you, Stella, how you incorporate in your medical practice, your spiritual practice.
I know you have a ministry and I myself am a regular meditator and I do feel it helps me quite a bit.
But I'm curious how you incorporate your spiritual practice into your medical practice.

[SPEAKER_01]
I don't incorporate my spiritual practice into medical practice.
When I see patients, I see patients.
And if they want me to pray for them, I pray for them and I minister to them.
But I'm not like one shaman that is bringing medicine into spirit, no.
I practice medicine as a physician and I preach the gospel as a minister of the gospel.
But when I speak, I'm just the two of them.
And I can see things that are happening in both the spiritual and the physical world.
You understand what I'm saying?
And you know, the saddest part about this is that the reason why humanity is getting taken down is because sometimes our intellect, we spend so much time getting focused on our intellect that we fail to realize that we are a triune being.
Well, body, soul, and spirit.
You understand what I'm saying?
Your mind, your intellect, is your soul.
Your mind, your thinking, your emotions.
You can't just live your life based on your soul.
You also have your physical body to cater to.
But you're also a spiritual being.
I can give you an example.
You can go to sleep right now, and you sleep for 10 minutes.
And within that 10 minutes, you've been to New York and back.
You've had a dream where you've been to New York, you've been to the Caribbean, you've been somewhere.
What went to New York?
It's your spirit that went to New York.
You understand what I'm saying?
It actually went to New York.
That is why sometimes you see things and they look like you go to places and you have this déjà vu.
You feel like I've been here before because your spirit has been there.
And then of course, let's talk about your soul.
Your soul is your thinking, your emotions and your will.
i can be talking to you right now and your mind goes off and you go to Walmart you've gone to Walmart you shop you buy food you come to the house i can say something i use rice and rice takes you to Walmart you've gone to Walmart and i'm like hello hello Steve and then yeah you jump back
what went to Walmart your soul went to Walmart even though your physical body is really here so we are body soul and spirit and the only way we can win the battle facing humanity is by incorporating all the triune beings that we are and that is the thing that i've incorporated in everything that i do i'm a triune being
I'm a spiritual being and I've seen people that have soul diseases that cannot be treated by medicine and I've seen prayer, I've seen fasting and deliverance heal them.
I've seen people that have medical problems that are in the physical and we give them medicine and they get treated.
In other words, if you come to me and you have a urinary tract infection, I don't need to pray for you.
I'm just going to give you antibiotics.
You know what I'm saying?
But if you come to me and you said I'm, you know, I'm walking around somebody slapping me in the head, then I can pray against, you know, something is happening to you that is demonic or something is pressing me in my dream.
I can pray for you and you can get healed on that side.
You know what I'm saying?
So we are a triune being, Steve.
And until we fight this battle as a triune being, we're still going to lose.
So yes, I love the data and the medicine and everything.
That's the intellectual, the soul-ish part of us.
That is our intellect.
But we are still dealing.
What we are fighting and dealing with is deep and spiritual.
And even if you don't believe it, those demons that we're fighting with, those globalists, they believe it.
They know it.
And they say it.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yes, they do.
They're openly talking about all the things you're saying, Stella.
They're out, especially Yuval Harari.
I mean, transhumanism is where he's heading or wants us all to go.
Yep.

[SPEAKER_01]
And they say COVID was what is taking us to transhumanism.
They have an agenda 2030, they are not hiding it.
Agenda 2030, you and I are all supposed to be transhumans.
All right, so Steve, if somebody took the vaccine, because I'm a spiritual being, if you took the vaccine, the same way that you
You get prayed for as a spiritual being and your body, soul and spirit is healed.
We've had people that took the vaccine and had severe vaccine reactions and we have prayed for them and they regret it, they repent from it and we've prayed for them and seen healing.
done to their spiritual being and their soul.
We've had a lady, I was out there some day at a conference.
It was an outdoor thing.
I remember we were doing a, we were speaking at the Methodist hospital.
And there was a lady that had been injured, had paralysis.
And I prayed for her.
She was crying.
She regretted it.
I prayed for her.
And I'm telling you right in front of everybody, the paralysis was released in front of everyone.
This is not, doctors were like, what happened here?
This is a miracle.
it was not something that you could be like what but i can't believe that i want to see the data but it was right there in front of them you know what i'm saying we've had many people people that had had disease that took the vaccine and then they had had disease and they get prayed for so that is why when you go on my website dr stellar md.com you will see a place that says that did you take the vaccine do you regret it this is a prayer that you can pray to heal your soul because this
COVID thing that they did to us.
It was not just an affliction on our physical body.
It was also an affliction on our spiritual body and on our soul.
It brought fear.
It brought confusion.
It brought, in fact, I know that the day I stood in front of the Supreme Court, one of the biggest thing that happened to humanity was fear was broken.
And fear is not something that many people died from COVID, not because of disease or apart from the crazy protocols in the hospitals.
Most people died just from fear.
You understand what I'm saying?
People got COVID and they were so terrified and they died from just so scared and then they couldn't breathe.
And I've had people call me, Dr. Stella, I got COVID, I can't breathe, I can't breathe.
I'll be like, calm down.
calm down calm down let's pray and i'll pray for them come against the spirit of fear and tell you i listen don't worry about it you're gonna be fine we're gonna send you medicine you'll get it in two days but you're gonna be fine and by evening they are cooking so what happened it was not that the covid got any worse or any better
It's just that the spirit of fear was lifted off them, and they were not terrified anymore.
They were comforted.
They had comfort that somebody was going to take care of them, somebody was going to treat them, and they started getting better just by that.
So we are a spiritual being, Steve, and we don't just live in the physical.
And when you get to a place where you have a true understanding of the triunity of humanity, then you can actually fight this battle in the way and stand.
And that is why I have survived, because I'm a prayer warrior.

[SPEAKER_06]
So look, why isn't there a study where we randomize patients into two groups, one that gets treated spiritually with no drugs whatsoever, and another group that gets treated with ivermectin and hydroxychloroquine?
The result should be the same, right?

[SPEAKER_01]
Did you hear me, Steve?
Did you hear what I said?
I said you're triune.
You're a triune being.
So even though COVID is affecting you and bringing fear, which is the spiritual part, you also need to treat the physical part.
So you can't treat, we're a triune being.
Sometimes just treating people physically is enough.
Sometimes just treating people spiritually is enough.
But when you have a disease like COVID.

[SPEAKER_06]
Do a third group.
Do a third group.
The third group is treated with both.
You have one, you have one other.

[SPEAKER_01]
Okay.

[SPEAKER_06]
And both, but, but why not?
Why not do a real study to show that what you're talking about is for real, because that's the only way you're going to convince a lot of these people out there is doing a proper study, double blind random.
It could be kind of hard to do double blind for this, but
No, but look, you're trying to convince people of something that they're not receptive to.
Why not do the study and show the difference?

[SPEAKER_01]
Steve, I've taken 200 and something thousand patients.
I convince a lot of people.
I don't need to do that.
Okay.
I know that you're a data person and I would love to do that, but I am just...
I'd love to see the data.
I know, but bring me the... How large is the effect?
Steve, faith is something, faith is not something that you can put in data.
And that is what I'm saying.
That, you know, I pray that you, Steve, you know, I had this conversation with you in California.
I pray that you, Steve, would embrace the fact that you're a triune being.
We are all triune beings, your body, soul and spirit.
I know you're an intellectual person, but you're doing yourself a disservice by just sticking to your intellect and not, you know, connecting to the other parts of you, which is also your spiritual boom.

[SPEAKER_06]
My intellect will only be happy if I have the data showing that this makes a difference.

[SPEAKER_01]
I have a question.
That's where faith comes in, Steve.
That is where faith comes in, you know what I'm saying?
And, you know, faith is not something that...

[SPEAKER_06]
The data part of me says that there's no such thing as faith.
Surely you understand that.

[SPEAKER_01]
I would definitely be praying for you because I only pray I can take care of that, Steve.
Go ahead, you're going to ask a question.

[SPEAKER_05]
I have a question that might help clarify a little bit here from Jeannie.
What keeps the spirit healthy, Stella, in your opinion?
How does a healthy soul influence a healthy body?
Why are some evil people spiritually healthy physically?
Why are some spiritual people physically ill?
What's driving the soul-body connection?

[SPEAKER_01]
You see, let me actually, Steve, hopefully this might help you.
I pray that the veil will come off your eyes, Steve, so you might hear this and understand what I'm saying.
So in the balance of power in the universe, there is God, there's the devil, and there's humans.
God has all power.
The devil has some power.
Human beings have authority.
don't have power we have authority and the earth was created for humanity so if human beings give authority to the devil the devil will influence the world if human beings give authority to god god will influence the world when people say something like how could god how could a good god allow this to happen it is not god allowing it to happen it is our choices
when human beings do bad stuff it affects other human beings.
when human beings do good stuff it affects other human beings.
so basically if you're gonna if you if you live just in the in the soulish realm your spirit realm is dormant.
so it because your spirit realm is dormant it tends to allow
the devil to influence your mind.
Sometimes just being able to not believe in God is an influence.
You understand what I'm saying?
So when you allow your spirit being to be dumb and you can easily be influenced, but when you develop your spirit being and connect to God, then you are intentional.
about your spiritual well-being.
most human beings are not intentional about their spiritual well-being.
and god's benevolence keeps a lot of people fine.
but you cannot keep living on just god's benevolence.
you have to live on intentional connection with god to keep your spiritual being strong.
and that will influence your physical being.
but we also live in a physical world where there's a lot of toxins, a lot of diseases,
if you're spiritually sound and you still abuse your body you're still gonna get sick.
you know what i'm saying?
we also are a soul which can be influenced.
our mind which is the soul is the mind the emotions and the will.
so your soul can also be influenced by junk that you're taking.
you can listen to a sad song and then you get sad or you listen to a happy song you get happy.
you know what i'm saying?
so
about allowing God to influence their lives.
when you're not intentional you're like a boat on the sea you just roll on the sea and anything can hit you so that is why sometimes like people fight this battle just in the physical i know a lot of people that are fighting this battle they're going through a lot of pain a lot of demonic attacks a lot of craziness that you see people call me dr star we're having uh you know something's hitting me on my head and all kinds of crazy stuff is happening to people because they are not intentional about their spiritual well-being so we're gonna if we're gonna fight and win we have to
fight in the spirit, we have to fight on a soulish realm where we intentionally allow ourselves to connect to God.
And then we also have to fight in the physical realm.
That is why when we do, like we do a lot of, I do a lot of preparedness.
I tell people you have to be spiritually prepared, give your life to Christ, make sure you know God, read the Bible, know the truth for yourself.
also you have to be physically prepared stock up food and water and everything because knowing the bible and knowing god is not going to make you if there's no food you're going to starve you understand say and your body will die and then somebody will influence you because you don't have food and also be medically prepared by taking the vitamins and everything that you need and also stock your hydroxychloroquine and ivermectin in your medicine cabinet so we have to be
And if any part of that is neglected, then you end up having either spiritual diseases, soul diseases like depression, you know, all these things bipolar, those are soul diseases, or you're going to have physical diseases.
So when I say that COVID affected us both in the physical and in the soulish realm,
So like when people had fear, their disease got worse.
You understand what I'm saying?
But we treated the COVID, which was the physical symptoms, and we also gave them hope by telling them that it would be okay.
Speak to them, pray for them if they need prayer.
Did I answer your question, Steve, or you still want data?

[SPEAKER_06]
I still want data.

[UNKNOWN]
Who wants data?

[SPEAKER_05]
Steve, I'm telling you, I'm going to be praying for you, Steve.

[SPEAKER_01]
And then when you start getting those spiritual experiences like, man, I don't have data on this one.

[SPEAKER_06]
Show me the data.
I will look at the data.
I thought Steve, that's disgusting.

[SPEAKER_01]
They've done studies about people that are spiritual and you know people that believe in God and and they have a better Their physical well-being is better.
I've done studies on that already.
I'm sure you can google things like that Yeah, sure.
I mean look, you know, show me the data that God exists Or you don't believe God exists No, Steve, let me tell you this the Bible says this right?
It is a fool.
That's it.
There's no God So what you just said is foolishness That's fine.

[SPEAKER_06]
Show me the data that God exists

[SPEAKER_01]
All right, let me ask you something.
Let me ask you something, Steve.
Have you ever seen air?

[SPEAKER_06]
Have I ever seen air?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yes, the air you breathe.
Have you seen it?

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_01]
When?
Where did you see it?

[SPEAKER_06]
When there's smoke in the air, I can see the I can see the air.

[SPEAKER_01]
No, that's smoke.
I'm talking about the oxygen you breathe.
Have you ever seen it?

[SPEAKER_06]
No, you can't see the oxygen.

[SPEAKER_01]
Then how can you believe in that you breathe oxygen when you've never seen it?

[SPEAKER_06]
Because there's data, I can measure it.
I have tools that I can measure it.
You're looking at your eyes as just the only way of getting data.
Your eyes are just one small part of a way that you can gather data.

[SPEAKER_01]
Steve, do you believe that there's evil?

[SPEAKER_06]
Yes, I do.

[SPEAKER_01]
So how can you believe there's evil if you don't believe there's God?
Do you believe in the devil?
There's a devil?

[SPEAKER_06]
Do I believe there's a devil with horns and he's got like the... Not the cartoon character.
The whole party down there and he comes to you and he says, hey, let me show you how good life is in hell.

[SPEAKER_05]
No, not that guy.

[SPEAKER_01]
Not that guy.
Not that guy.
That's a cartoon character.
I'm talking about, do you believe that there's a demonic?

[SPEAKER_06]
Like an opposite of God.

[SPEAKER_01]
do you believe like a spirit?
have you ever passed somewhere and your hair stands on end?
have you ever walked in a place and your hair stands on end and you're like there are things around here that i can't see?
ever in your whole life?
Have you ever had an experience where you pass in a place or where something happens and you feel like your hair stands on ends?
That there's a spiritual being that passes by.

[SPEAKER_06]
Not really.
I haven't seen that happen.
I haven't seen my hair.
I don't have a lot of hair to stand on end, but if I did, I have not noticed it.

[SPEAKER_01]
Steve you know um you know I'm gonna say this and um there's a scripture in second Corinthians four four that uh um if if the gospel is hid is to those that are perishing in whom the god of this world has put the blind blinders it is actually spiritual blindness like a veil that makes people not understand that there's a god because you see if the living knew what they did know if you knew if if somebody could take you
and you see what happens after eternity, you will come back and you will give your life to Christ and you will cry out.
Most people have had near-death experiences, they do that.
But because we live in a world where God wants you to trust Him by faith, not by what you see.
So I pray that the veil will come off your eyes so that you can see the gospel, because it's not something that you can, it is only the spirit of God that can take the veil off your eyes.
And so my prayer for you is gonna be for that veil to come off your eyes.
And I'm gonna take this as a serious prayer point, that God will tear the veil off your mind, Steve, so you will see that God exists, that you didn't create yourself.

[SPEAKER_06]
I'm not sure how to respond to that.
I'm all right.
I've yet to...
All right, I'm going to ask a question.

[SPEAKER_05]
I'm not sure this is going to end well here.
I'm going to ask one more question.

[SPEAKER_01]
I love Steve because he and I get the spiritual arguments.
It's so beautiful.

[SPEAKER_05]
It's wonderful.
It's wonderful.
It's good to see the opposite ends of the spiritual realm.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, we're definitely on the opposite ends on that one.
Let me tell you.

[SPEAKER_01]
Steve, I am taking you on my prayer altar until that veil will come off your eyes and you will give your life to Christ, I promise.

[SPEAKER_05]
Steve, do you believe in magic?
Have you ever experienced like something that's just magic?
And I don't mean just like David Copperfield magic.

[SPEAKER_06]
No, I definitely believe in Copperfield.

[SPEAKER_01]
Do you believe in the supernatural Steve?

[SPEAKER_06]
No, I don't.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_06]
So that's where, you know, I am a believer in the amazing Randy.

[SPEAKER_01]
Whatever that is.
But don't worry, Steve.
You're going to be my prayer project on TV.
I got to make this a serious prayer project.
I can't let you go to hell, Steve.

[SPEAKER_06]
I can't let you down.
Send me the data.
Send me the data like your manual.

[SPEAKER_01]
I am taking this as a prayer project and then you'll be my first.

[SPEAKER_06]
Okay, fine.
Show me.
Convince me with evidence.

[SPEAKER_01]
I said, I'm telling you, Steve, by the time you get the spiritual experience, you'll be calling me and say, Stella.

[SPEAKER_06]
We should, we should, we should look, we should move on.
Do you, for people, for people who would like to have ivermectin and
hydroxychloroquine in their medicine cabinet, can they like go to your website and order this stuff?
And what does that cost?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yes.
If you go to DrSelaMD.com, what we did is that, like during the advent of Delta, we were calling prescriptions, pharmacies will not fill it.
So we connected with a lot of mom and pop pharmacies that can ship the medicine directly to you.
So you can get hydroxychloroquine if you make it in your medicine cabinet.
We advise it.
We tell people because
most of these viruses monkeypox no no monkeypox bird flu covid flu dengue zika they are all RNA viruses and because they are RNA viruses they are sensitive to hydroxychloroquine and ivermectin and zinc quercetin and stuff like that so we've put this ability for people to get it on our website so you do a telemedicine appointment get the medicine in your medicine cabinet don't wait till you get sick don't wait till something bad happens don't wait till
you know, you're in the hospital and calling us to come get you out.
If you do a telemedicine appointment, a doctor will see you, they'll prescribe it, and then they will ship it to your home.
And we cannot call it to mainstream pharmacists because most times they will not feel it.
I don't know, did you get a promo code for your audience, Steve, so they can get a discount on our website?

[SPEAKER_05]
Oh, I don't know that we did, but maybe we can get one from you and Janet can put it in the chat and we'll... Yeah, just what do you want them to use?
VSRF.

[SPEAKER_01]
Okay.
Vsrf.
Okay, great.
We're going to create it.
If they use Vsrf, they'll get a discount.
So when you talk about pricing, it depends on what they are getting.
Because like the example, when you get a compounding, that is cheaper for like,
Maybe for like a hundred and something, $200, you can get hydroxychloroquine, but you get a compounding ivermectin, it's cheaper.
If you want to get refills, it's cheaper.
But we also have what we call the COVID complete pack, where you have hydroxychloroquine, ivermectin, bidesonite, Z-pack, a nebulizer, a handheld nebulizer, which you can actually charge with a power bank and also a pulse oximeter to check your oxygen.
So we put that like the COVID complete pack.
With that COVID complete pack, I think it's about,
if you if you use the code it's about 400 and something dollars but you have a whole pack and we give you enough to last you for a year like you you you have you have enough we give you like 50 tablets of ivermectin uh 50 tablets of hydroxychloroquine and then one dose set of ivermectin and so so that way and it will give you refills so we're doing that one of the things that we try to do like i said um right now um a few weeks ago there was an article from
new york that the new york ag wants to ban doctors from prescribing avomectin most doctors don't realize that they can prescribe avomectin so and some are just too scared to do it and most pharmacists will not feel it so i always tell people it's always better to be safe
Now, get prepared.
The other thing I talked to about preparedness, if you go on my Twitter handle, Stella underscore Emanuel, I did a Twitter space called over-the-counter medications you will need in an emergency so that you can put together a solid first aid kit that you can need in an emergency in case they lock us down or something crazy happens.
So yes, they can get that on our website.
And we also have supplements that has vitamin C, D, zinc, and quercetin.
Even, you know, Steve, they are talking about monkeypox coming right now.
Whenever we hear that something is coming up, we go on the NIH and we start looking around to find studies that have been done on other ways that they can use to help out.
They had a study that was published in the Lancet and also in NIH of a carnivorous plant called pitcher plant or serracina popura that they use in the days of smallpox.
So we're able to get somebody to produce it as a tincture that people can use to build immunity against things like monkeypox.
So it can help you build your immunity against that.
And I know that sericinia purpura can also, they say it helps with digestive problems.
It's like one of those supplements that you use.
So we found a naturopathic doctor to produce it for us.
We found out that a lot of our patients that have been on COVID vitamins, that has vitamin C, D, zinc, and quercetin, it has been able to keep a lot of people from getting sick.
I mean, I've not been sick because I take COVID light.
Steve, did you take COVID light?
Did you enjoy it?

[SPEAKER_06]
I did.

[SPEAKER_01]
You like it?

[SPEAKER_06]
It's fine.
I mean, but I can't, I can't, I can't validate it because there's, there's no trial.
No, no, no.

[SPEAKER_01]
I'm just saying what I made you feel good.
I'm talking about data.

[SPEAKER_06]
It's fine, but I can't say that I, that I can quantify the difference.

[SPEAKER_05]
I have one quick audience question that while we're on the subject of this is from Sheris 0506.
Dr. Stella, what is the shelf life of hydroxychloroquine?
I have pills from 2022.
Are they still effective?
And then maybe also ivermectin.
Somebody else asked about ivermectin.
Great question.

[SPEAKER_01]
They did a study in the military.
There was a time when we were doing a lot of, we were doing a lot of health fairs going on missions and doing health fairs.
They did a study in the military and they found out that most medications that were expired, the expiration date on the medications could still, they were still,
good to use for several years.
You know what I'm saying?
So if, and I can say that because we've gone and dot health first and been able to use pharmaceutical companies who come and give us expired medications and say they are still good for several years.
So I will not chunk my medication for like maybe five years or more after the expiration date.
Most medicines are still good for several years.
They did a study in the ministry about that.
You can Google that too.
So don't throw away your 2021 or 2022 ivermectin.
You can still use it.

[SPEAKER_05]
Good to know since I still have some that I'll keep for a while.
Dr. Emanuel, you've been such a joy and pleasure to have on tonight and thank you for trying to bring spirituality into Steve's life.
I'll work on it as well.
I'll pray for Steve as well.
Maybe we could come up with some data together.

[SPEAKER_01]
We have to get this data.
Steve is going to be the data for himself when he gives his life to Jesus.
I'm taking this as a project.
I'm serious, Steve.
I can't just let you not be spiritual.
Sorry.
No problem.
But it's always fun talking to Steve, you know, because we get into medical stuff and then spiritual stuff.
And then he tries to make me he tries to get me to reason out spiritual stuff.
And I was like, it can't be reasoned out, you know.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right.

[SPEAKER_01]
It's a battle that we're fighting and every part of the battle is important, whether it's in the physical, whether it's in the medical, whether it's legally, whether it's in the ballot box.
We're all warriors in this battle and I just pray that we'll all be sound and stay strong and continue to fight and not give up and don't let this globalists or elites or demons think that they can take us out.
We're humanity and this world was created for us and we're gonna have custody of it and we're gonna fight with everything that we have.

[SPEAKER_05]
Absolutely.
Before I let you go, you were asking about this DC event.
So I'm going to make this announcement while you're still with us so you can learn about it with our audience here.
And let me just catch up a little bit.
We have, we're part of this event called Rescue the Republic.
We're a sponsor for all our Defeat the Mandates rallyers and supporters.
We're organizing once again, mark your calendars for September 29th in Washington DC as we come together for Rescue the Republic.
This event is a celebration of what makes America and our Republic so special.
We're uniting regardless of political affiliation, whether you're right, left or independent.
We're bringing together notable musical artists.
You can see them all, their faces and the names on the,
right there on the banner.
At the heart of this celebration is a powerful message of peace, love, and unity.
And we want you to join us in DC as we honor and uphold the values that make our nation great.
Visit jointheresistance.org.
You'll see the eight pillars that are basically our commitments to what we stand for.
register at jointheresistance.org.
Even if you can't be there in person, please register so we can keep you updated on the event.
I know we've added a few people since we've been promoting this, like Rob Schneider is on there and many others.
So yes, if you can make it to DC, we'd love to see you there.
And yeah, maybe if you're in the neighborhood, Stella, you want to come join us.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, that sounds like fun.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, thank you again.
It's been such a joy.
Hopefully you'll come back and talk to us again.

[SPEAKER_01]
Definitely.
I have to come back and talk with Steve again.

[SPEAKER_06]
When you come back, I will be a believer in God and you will be the reverse.
You will be skeptical and you will ask me to prove it.

[SPEAKER_01]
I can never be skeptical.
Once you go to Jesus, you don't go back.
I can never be skeptical of Steve.

[SPEAKER_05]
It's like being red-pilled, Steve.
Once you have faith, it's hard to lose it.

[SPEAKER_01]
But it's been a joy being with you, Steve, and being with you guys and for the audience, you know, God bless everyone.
Always a pleasure.
Yes, always a pleasure.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_05]
Thank you, Sela.
Steve, hang in there.
I have a few more announcements to make.
What a great evening.
She's wonderful.
And I loved her message of resilience.
It's really important to have resilience in your health.
your food, your water, all these things, currency, precious metals, you name it.

[SPEAKER_06]
Contingency plans are good things.

[SPEAKER_05]
Having redundancy and resilience is really important and I love her message about that.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yes, and make sure to load up on toilet paper because whenever there's a pandemic, there's always a run on toilet paper for some reason.
We don't understand why that is, but
It's been observed in the last COVID pandemic.
It's amazing, right?
Everybody wants to go out and get toilet paper.
They don't get the ivermectin.
They go get the toilet paper.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
And I want to mention the raffle.
Have you heard about our raffle, Steve?
These are some of the books that we're raffling off here and we're going to keep adding.
We're going to keep this raffle open until October 10th, I believe.
And there's some of your favorite books that we're going to raffle off.
So get your raffle ticket.
They're 10 bucks each.
for each entry and the more you buy, the more chances you have.
And I think we're going to get up to 10 bucks, maybe more in this super spreader library.

[SPEAKER_06]
Are they signed?

[SPEAKER_05]
I think we're going to get some of them signed.
I'm not sure if we're going to have all of them signed, but we'll definitely get some of them signed.
as far as I understand.
So that's another good one coming up.
And then I don't have the graphic with me right now, but Vax3 is screening on September 8th.
Vax3 authorized to kill.
We
September 8th, that was September 18th my bad September 18th go to the website Janet will put it in the chat and You can find a screening near you.
Be sure to buy your tickets now I wish I had that graphic handy, but I don't right at the moment but Janet again, we'll put that in the chat go see the film and Then next week
Next week, we will have Dr. Suzanne Humphries, who will discuss her groundbreaking book, Dissolving Illusions and the journey that led her to write it.
And in fact, we're going to get her book onto our raffle list.
So another great way to maybe get the book.

[SPEAKER_06]
And wouldn't it be great if she was joined by Anthony, by Tony Fauci, you know, we should create like a, a, a hacked version, you know, the, the kind of the, just a joke version of this where,
where she appears along with Tony Fauci to discuss whether the vaccines work.
That would be spectacular.
People would definitely tune in for that one.
If only he would come in.
Maybe we can get Hotez.
Yeah, I was just going to say maybe we can get Hotez or pull off it.

[SPEAKER_05]
We should invite both of them to join us next week.
Absolutely.

[SPEAKER_06]
Have them debug.
Suzanne.

[SPEAKER_05]
That would be epic.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
Yeah.
The misinformation spreader, like all calls out to anybody, any, anybody in mainstream science or mainstream medicine who thinks that they can debunk Dr. Humphreys.

[SPEAKER_05]
We'll take all commerce.

[SPEAKER_06]
We'll love to have you on the show.

[SPEAKER_05]
Come on in.
We will.
We will love to have you on that conversation.
I would love that Steve.
It was a great night.
I know it ran longer than we had planned, but I'm glad you're back home and feeling relatively well.
Seemingly you look great.
Thank you.
Great.
And thank you everyone out there for joining us.
I'm going to close out tonight with a little video of a clip from the compelling video titled, The Truth About COVID-19 Vaccines, narrated by Dr. Marianne DeMasi, former presenter of the ABC Science Show, Catalyst in Australia.
Janet will put the link in the chat for the full film.
And I'm going to play a little excerpt from that film as we close out tonight.
Thank you for joining us.
Have a great weekend and we'll see you next week.
Same time, same place.
Good night.

[SPEAKER_00]
The phrase safe and effective was a mantra used by health bureaucrats and politicians, but it was clear from the outset these injections were rushed through clinical trials as part of Operation Warp Speed.
The TGA only offered provisional approval, which by definition means there are limited data on safety, especially in the medium and long term.
The lack of transparency about what was known and unknown has raised serious questions.
Politicians and health authorities asserted that getting jabbed would keep the community safe because it would prevent infection and transmission.
Only later was it revealed to the public that the manufacturers never even tested for transmission in the trials.
Authorities nonetheless charged ahead with policies to mandate the injections based on a false premise.
Several studies now demonstrate the extent of societal and individual harms caused by mandates, and notable politicians have begun apologising for the harsh policy.
Authorities also claimed the mRNA injections were 95% effective at preventing serious disease and death, but this was misleading.
Not only was there no decrease in deaths in the pivotal trials, the 95% statistic for preventing infection was based on a relative risk reduction.
The absolute risk reduction, which is more relevant to the individual, was only about 1%.
The claim that there was a pandemic of the unvaccinated was also false.
Throughout 2021 and 2022, data showed vaccinated individuals were being infected and hospitalized at significantly higher rates than those who were unvaccinated.
Fear-mongering was a feature of the nightly news.
Doctors claimed young children were at significant risk of serious COVID-19.
But the data actually showed that young healthy children had an almost zero risk of serious disease.
Authorities and professional societies also maintained that COVID injections were safe for use during pregnancy and breastfeeding.
However, this advice lacked evidence.
Pregnant and breastfeeding women were excluded from the pivotal clinical trials.
And when Pfizer finally commenced these trials, they were abandoned due to a lack of participation.
But this didn't dampen the enthusiasm of authorities who continued to provide baseless safety assurances to women during their most vulnerable time.
