[UNKNOWN]
I don't know.

[SPEAKER_00]
Wake up and live, don't mind the rainy pattern You'll find it's mind of the matter Dark clouds will break up if you wake up and live It's quite easy, but mama's already got to wake up and live Show the stuff you're made of, just follow through
What are you afraid of?
You try it, won't you?
Say, won't you wake up and live?
Come out your shell.
Hey, fella, find your place in the sun.
Come out your shell.
Say, man, just be a go-getter.
Son of a gun, won't you wake up and live?
If lady luck is joining, up on your toes, a better day is dawning.
Don't let them get up and give Just get yourself a shake up and wake up and live
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the

[SPEAKER_03]
Tonight, on a very special VSRF Live, Steve Kirsch will present his analysis of the highly anticipated record level data from the Czech Republic.
The data is truly devastating.

[SPEAKER_02]
Today, I'm going to show you data that is unimpeachable.
It is the official record level data from the Czech Republic that proves that these vaccines didn't save any lives at all.
they increased all-cause mortality by a huge margin.
In fact, Moderna, 50% more all-cause mortality than Pfizer.
Now, we're not talking excess all-cause mortality.
We're talking absolute all-cause mortality.
And what that means is that if we assume that Pfizer is perfectly safe and doesn't increase all-cause mortality at all,
then Moderna is a train wreck.

[SPEAKER_03]
Hello and welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm Livio Sanchez and I'm here with the founder of the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation, Steve Kirsch.
Steve, welcome to VSRF Live.
Thanks, Livio.
Good to be here.
Great to be here with you on this historic evening.
We are going to share your presentation on the record level Czech Republic data.
And we recorded it yesterday.
We had a private screening with many of our donors who showed up.
But I just wanted to set this up and get your thoughts before we play your presentation.

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, you know, I was looking at the data some more and Dr. Claire Craig pointed out that for kids age 20 to 29 or for young people age 20 to 29, the mortality difference between COVID and Pfizer was close to a factor of two.
It was 1.96.
which means it doubled your all-cause mortality.
I mean, it's a train wreck for people who are under 65 or 69 years old, but it's even worse if you're really young.
And it's so tragic because the years lost for these people is incalculable.

[SPEAKER_03]
It's incredible.
It's incredibly sad.
I mean, it's one thing that you're continuing to push the research and do the work that you're doing, but just to affirm what we all suspect and know is happening, it actually leaves me a little pain in my heart for what you're discovering.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, all the data is consistent with all the anecdotes, with the people saying, you know, I've never gone to so many funerals in my life.
since the vaccines rolled out, or people who have said, I've never, you know, a friend of mine in Seattle, he had 15 of his friends die unexpectedly.
That's net 1515.
That has never happened to him before that he lost one of his friends.
He's a young guy, Jay, Jay Bonner is his name, young guy.
I think he's I think he's in his 50s.
and never in his life had he lost any of his friends unexpectedly and all of a sudden after the vaccines rolled out he loses 15 of his friends and and four of them he loses on the same day that they got their Pfizer shot.
Four of the 15 the same day.
Now it's it's it's worse than that because out of the the four that died
Three of them were under 30.
Two of them were 30 years old, and one was 28.
They died within 24 hours of their shot.
And three out of the four are 30 years old or younger.
And the fourth person who died on the day of the shot was 56 years old, all from the Pfizer shot.
And so this data shows that Moderna is, in some cases, twice the mortality of Pfizer
But Pfizer's far from being safe.
We compared it with Novavax for the same population, given it the same month, and then tracked them for eight months.
And all the numbers were always higher in the Pfizer group.
of the vaccines, it seems pretty clear from the data we have right now that Novavax is the safest vaccines, but all the others are are just unbelievably unsafe.
And, you know, it's tragic.
That I was just looking on CNN today and they're criticizing Bobby Kennedy and Trump.
They're criticizing Trump for claiming that there's a link between vaccines and autism when the medical community has established that there is absolutely no possible link.
And that's just simply untrue.
These studies that come out that fail to link autism with the vaccines, what they do, like in the CDC study that came out, is they ordered the scientists to destroy all the evidence linking vaccines with autism.
And then, of course, they said that the CNN said that vaccines are safe and effective and have been thoroughly studied by the medical community.
And again,
this is, you know, CNN has egg on their face on that.
You're going to see today just how blind all these people are.
And what's, what is significant about today?
Today is the turning point because this data is unimpeachable and doctors have a choice.
Now, they have a choice as to which way they're going to go forward.
They're either going to look at this data and get on board and start telling the truth, or they're going to dig in.
So we're going to see it.
Some people will go off correctly, and other people will dig in.
And those people who dig in, those are the doctors you want to avoid at all costs.
Those are the doctors who should be going out of business and they should be pursued by their medical boards for turning a blind eye to this because you cannot, and you'll see, you'll see in this presentation, you cannot turn a blind eye to this evidence.
Now that's exactly what the CDC and the FDA are going to do.
They're going to turn a blind eye to this evidence.
They're going to say, we don't comment on any data, on any data that's not our own.
And you know what?
The CDC doesn't have their own data.
Livio, as you know, we went to the CDC headquarters and we spoke to the head of media relations.
And we asked them point blank, like, do you have the vaccination dates for people who got the vaccine so you can look at the mortality?
And they said, no.
And we said, well, why don't you get it?
And they said, well, Congress doesn't allow us to force the states to give it to us.
And I said, well, have you tried asking nicely?
You know, I call up Governor Newsom, say, hey, how about?

[SPEAKER_03]
He said, no, he's not interested in saving lives if it's going to change the narrative.

[SPEAKER_02]
That's what I heard.
That's what the head of media relations told us is that they're not going to ask for the data.
They basically do not want to see the data.
When someone does show them data that shows that they're wrong, they basically say, we don't want to see that data.
We only comment on our own data and we don't have any data because we haven't asked for it.
This is, and these are the authorities that everybody in the world are paying attention to and following the advice of.
It is unbelievable and the FDA is no better.
You know, the article came out, Aaron Seary wrote an article just today that came out about the Moderna trials and about all the adverse events
that we're now finding out that happened in the Moderna trial that we didn't know about before.
And the only reason we're finally finding out about this is through the efforts of Aaron Seary and Del Bigtree and ICANN to pursue these lawsuits against the CDC and the FDA.

[SPEAKER_03]
All right, well, I wanna remind everyone, if you have questions during and after the presentation, put them in the chat, all caps question.
We have John Bodwin Sr. in the house.
He's sitting backstage.
He's gonna watch the presentation and he'll be back to join us after to give us his commentary along with Steve and potentially other guests may or may not show up.
So Steve, are you ready?
I'm gonna play the presentation and we'll be back shortly after.
Here we go.

[SPEAKER_02]
I'll be back.
Hi, Steve Kirsch here from Vaccine Safety Research Foundation.
A couple of weeks ago, I got a very interesting revelation from a scientist in the Czech Republic.
And that was that four months ago, there was a Freedom of Information Act response that was posted to the internet.
And nobody knew about this Freedom of Information Act response.
But what was in that response is quite stunning.
It's actually record level data from the Czech Republic of all people in the Czech Republic.
There are about 11 million records in that database.
And it's a record level database, which means that there's one record for each person.
in the Czech Republic.
And that record has their year of birth, it has, if they died, their date of death, and it has all of the dates of each of their COVID vaccinations along with the vaccination type.
And it turns out that in the Czech Republic, the vaccines were distributed more or less on a haphazard fashion.
It wasn't strictly randomized where people would come in and they'd create a random number and say, well, you're going to get this vaccine.
But just because of the nature of the haphazard way that it was distributed, which was basically on a convenience basis, meaning if they had the vaccine, they'd give it to you.
And they'd give you whatever vaccines they had.
And they had a mix of Pfizer, Moderna, AstraZeneca, Novavax, and the Janssen vaccine.
And it turns out that most volumes were for Moderna and Pfizer.
And so I thought it would be interesting to do a brand comparison.
Because if both vaccines are safe and effective, then if you measured the one-year mortality from the time that they got their vaccination, whether it's the first vaccination, second vaccination, or third vaccination, if you measured the all-cause mortality for one year from the time that they got their vaccination,
then the mortality rates in every age group should be virtually identical.
And that's because these COVID vaccines work by expressing an antigen, which then your body's immune system would use to presumably make you less likely to die from COVID.
And so there's probably equal efficacy because once you've been exposed to an antigen like this, you have
an immune response.
And I actually don't think there's any benefit at all from these so-called vaccines.
But if there is a benefit, there's probably at most
a few percentage points difference in terms of the mortality.
If one vaccine is not effective at all and the other vaccine is very effective, we should see a mortality difference on the order of about 1% or 2%, especially in younger age groups.
And that's because the COVID
deaths within younger age groups is very, very small.
So you're looking at, if you're saving a number of those, it's going to be a percentage of a percentage, right?
Because it's just not that big of a percent.
So I expected these things to be pretty close, right?
I expected to be them equally effective because in the clinical trials, they all were 95% effective against infection.
I don't believe that for a minute, but that's what they claimed.
So they claim they're equally effective, so we should see basically equal mortality rates after the shots.
Now, I had a feeling that these vaccines are not safe, and I had a feeling that Moderna would be much more unsafe
than Pfizer is.
And so I had a feeling that this data might show that, so I looked.
Now nobody in the entire world has done this comparison before, because we've never had the data available to do the comparison.
It's always been kept from public view.
Now, this is odd because if the vaccines worked, you would think that all these vaccine manufacturers would be clamoring.
to get their data out.
They would be demanding that the Congress pass a law to make the public health data on these vaccines public, because they would then be able to show the public how many lives that were saved.
And they would also be able to show that their brand saved more lives than the competing brand.
Now, it's interesting that not a single vaccine company
has called for data transparency.
Now, I can't figure out why that is.
Because they're saving an enormous number of lives, why would they not want to prove to the American public and to the world how many lives have been saved?
Why would they want to keep that data confidential?
Today, I'm going to answer that question for you.
I'm going to show that the data that was finally revealed from one honest country, the Czech Republic.
And by the way, Moderna has an operation in the Czech Republic.
So this is home country for them.
I'm going to show that the Czech data shows that Moderna
is 50% higher mortality than Pfizer does for certain age groups.
And I'm also going to show you that Pfizer is unsafe.
And by the way, the other vaccines that I mentioned, AstraZeneca and Janssen, those are even worse.
So today I'm going to show you data that is unimpeachable.
It is the official record level data from the Czech Republic.
that proves that these vaccines didn't save any lives at all.
They increased all-cause mortality by a huge margin.
In fact, Moderna, 50% more all-cause mortality than Pfizer.
Now, we're not talking excess all-cause mortality.
We're talking absolute all-cause mortality.
And what that means is that if we assume that Pfizer is perfectly safe and doesn't increase all-cause mortality at all, then Moderna is a train wreck.
Moderna is a 50% increase in all-cause mortality.
That's more than double heart disease, the number one killer in America.
This means that Moderna
is easily one of the most dangerous drugs they've ever given to Americans.
And Pfizer's not that much better.
So let's go into the data.
I'm going to switch and share my screen with you now so you can take a look at this data for yourself.
And all this data is publicly available.
In fact, the data and the analysis
and all the tools that I use to analyze this, including its spreadsheets, including the Python code and all that, that's all publicly available.
I'm hiding nothing.
from people.
You can see every single record publicly available.
You can see all the analysis tools, and you can see all the results of the analysis.
There is nothing to hide.
There never should be anything to hide for any of these studies.
I'd always see these studies saying that vaccines are saving lives, but the data is never available in any of those studies, and it cannot be obtained.
Why is that?
Here I'm making all the data publicly available for everyone to verify and show everybody that these so-called vaccines that they representative would save lives actually caused huge numbers of excess deaths.
So the title
of this article, this is breaking record-level data from the Czech Republic Freedom of Information Act request.
This was done by some guy in the Czech Republic.
He issued a Freedom of Information Act request to the government.
The government complied.
And the government preserved privacy because they changed, instead of a date of birth, they just supplied the year of birth.
And there's so many people born in 1956, for example, you can't tell whose vaccination records there are.
So all the other dates are exact.
And this means you can tell the exact number of days from the time of vaccination until the time of death, if somebody died.
So you can do all sorts of interesting analyses on these things.
But of course, the most interesting is the brain comparison.
So you see that upfront.
And by the way, this analysis technique that I'm using is really brain dead simple.
You don't get any more simpler than this analysis.
So what you do is you, if someone was vaccinated, you look out one year from when they were vaccinated and see whether they died within that one year or not.
And it's as simple as that.
Now this is called
In this particular chart, we are looking at what's called study two.
And study two says you got your second shot sometime in 2021.
And we had a year to follow them up because we had all the death data through the end of 2022.
And it stopped there.
So we can't do further analysis, unfortunately.
But this is enough.
to see what's going on.
Now, I computed a mortality ratio, which means let's look at the mortality rate of Moderna.
And I see I spelled it wrong in the slide here, Modera, but it's Moderna.
So let's look at the mortality rate of Moderna.
And the mortality rate is simply the number of people who died divided by the number of people who got the shot.
And you multiply that by 100,000 because it's sort of mortality rate per 100,000 people.
And you do that for every single individual age category.
So there's no what's called age confounding.
And what you find is the younger you are,
the greater your mortality increased with respect to the Pfizer mortality rate.
And so what we're doing is we're treating these things because these vaccines were haphazardly distributed.
It wasn't like the sicker people got Pfizer or the sicker people got Moderna.
It was very randomly distributed.
And so
If both vaccines are perfectly safe, this chart should be on the one line.
It should be not elevated at all from one.
They should be identical.
They should be like a squiggly line.
For one age, it may be greater.
The other age, it might be less.
But they should be almost like two racehorses.
They're jockeying for position, and there's a photo finish at the end.
And they should all cross the finish line at the same time.
And what this shows is that for the very elderly, there wasn't much of a difference.
But as you got younger, as you got to 70 years old, it was over a 40% difference in absolute all-cause mortality.
And so I'm just comparing Pfizer with Moderna.
So even if Pfizer was perfectly safe and didn't increase all-cause mortality at all,
Moderna is a train wreck.
And it gets worse because I'll show you that Pfizer is actually not safe either.
And it probably raises your mortality by some number which we can't calculate because we have insufficient data.
So if we had the Novavax data and Novavax was given in higher volumes than it was given earlier, we would be able to compare Pfizer with Novavax.
That would be another train wreck.
But there are countries where Novavax is given, and we can make that calculation if they release the data.
But they're probably not going to release the data so that we won't be able to tell people precisely how much Pfizer increases your all-cause mortality.
But it's probably at least 10% or 20% or probably even more.
And I'll show you those numbers in comparison with Novavac.
So the first one is to show you that Moderna, as compared to Pfizer, is completely unsafe.
Moderna should be totally off the market.
Nobody should be taking the Moderna shots.
And then I'll show you the same thing as true of Pfizer.
Okay, so this is the data.
Now, this is smooth for five-year age bands, just so that the curves are a little bit nicer and they don't go all over the place.
But I'll show you the raw data as well.
And it basically says, hey, you know, you get about 20% mortality increase at 80-year-olds.
For 70-year-olds, it bumps up to a 40% mortality increase.
For 60-year-olds,
And younger, it's over 1.5.
And for 52-year-olds and younger, it can exceed a 60% mortality increase.
And unfortunately, we don't have – the data is too noisy because there were too few Moderna vaccines that were given to young people.
to establish a mortality rate accurately, and so I stopped there.
But as you can see, the trend is bad.
Now, this, by the way, also explains why, hey, if you're increasing mortality by 50%, the reason that we're not seeing it in the all-cause mortality numbers is because the huge increases are happening to people who don't normally die.
And so if you had a 50% increase in the elderly, everybody would notice that.
But you see these vaccines are not affecting people this way.
The vaccines are affecting people and causing the younger people to die, but have less effect on the older people.
So you're not seeing these huge numbers of elderly mortality, which then are increasing by 50%, which would be really obvious.
You're seeing these subtle differences because the huge mortality increases are happening in the young.
OK, so all this data is posted on my GitHub.
The link to my GitHub is posted in the article.
Anyone can clone the GitHub repo.
I created a make file.
You'd say make.
I return and that's it.
You go away and you come back a few hours later.
All the files are made for you.
Everybody can replicate what I did here.
So that's the essence of it.
The data is all posted, the methodology.
What I did is I defined
three different observational studies.
Study one is you got shot one in 2021 of a COVID vaccine.
Study two is you got shot number two in 2021 of a COVID vaccine.
And study three is you got shot number three in 2021 of a COVID vaccine.
Now these studies are specially designed so it doesn't look forward because that would be
cheating, and we don't want to cheat.
So you always have to define a study enrollment criteria that can happen at the time of enrollment and does not depend on what happens in the future.
So you can't say, let's enroll everybody who got a shot number two and didn't get any more shots.
That's called unfair because you're looking into the future.
So you have to define these fair studies where you define the study criteria which could be executed at the time of enrollment in the
in the group, and there should be no time between enrollment and when you start counting that you discard.
This would be called immortal time bias, and it's a misfeature of a lot of studies where they basically are immortal between the time you got the shot and when they start counting, such as two weeks after the shot, for example.
So there are no confounders here.
It's very simple.
And if all the vaccines are perfectly safe, just like we've been assured, then all the vaccines would all align on that one line like you saw above.
And they don't.
And that's the problem.
So the results, as I showed you earlier, was this
this graph.
Now, this is smooth.
Let me show you the raw data.
And this is spectacular because there's noise in this data.
There's statistical noise because the numbers in each individual age bucket, which is a one-year age bucket, can vary.
And if we had larger numbers, that would be great.
We'd have less noise.
But you can see that even with all the statistical noise,
that Moderna is never safer than Pfizer.
There are 40 separate data points here, and they're actually probably more than that.
But there are at least 40, and they're all above one.
Now, if Pfizer and Moderna were equally safe, they'd be jockeying around position.
Each one would win half the time.
So this is like flipping a fair coin.
40 times and getting heads on each one.
It's probably not a fair coin.
So what this means is that even if you looked at each end of, you gave Moderna 40 different opportunities to win, right?
40 different coin flips for Moderna to win.
They didn't win a single one.
Hmm.
Interesting.
OK. And these are the overall ratios.
And you can go in here.
I dumped the summary data into Excel.
I created a pivot table here.
And you can go in on the Summary tab of the analysis.xlsx spreadsheet, which is in the GitHub repo.
And you can change all the parameters.
You can change what study you want to look at.
You can change the year of birth.
You can change the sex, you can compare male and female, and you can look at the month of enrollment.
So you can see, oh, well, how about if we just limited it to month three or month four or month five?
You know, could there be some sort of calendar effect?
It turns out no.
And then you can see what the overall ratios are.
So Moderna to Pfizer was a two times overall mortality.
That's when you add it up for all ages.
So there's a little bit of what's called the Simpson's paradox here, because the age distribution was different between the vaccines.
And so this number is an unfair comparison.
But a 2.0 difference in mortality is for all the data, that should set off alarm bells.
Now, this is Moderna-Pfizer overall.
So some people got a Moderna shot, and then they mixed it with a Pfizer shot.
Some people got a Pfizer shot, mixed it with a Moderna shot.
And so it shows you that the overall ratio is 2.05.
And if you just looked at the pure people, the pure Pfizer people who got Pfizer-Pfizer or Moderna versus Moderna-Moderna, the ratio is also 2.05.
But the reason for that is very few people mixed.
I think people were instructed at the time, hey, if you got Moderna shot number one, you should always get the same shot of the same brand.
Now, anyway, so this didn't vary.
The AstraZeneca versus Pfizer ratio is 3.27, and the Janssen ratio is 1.18.
And that varies depending on if we looked at different age groups, you'd see that number increase.
And the interesting, it's also you get a 1.82 ratio if you did Moderna and Pfizer when the person didn't get a second shot.
So again, we're seeing just on people who got one shot, we're seeing a very similar ratio there as well.
And so now we've gone over this.
This is the smooth data.
This is the unsmooth data.
And it's extremely troubling.
And what I did here in these graphs is I looked at it on months 3, 4, 5, and 6.
Now this is when these months, 3, 4, 5, and 6, is when Moderna
had the most distribution.
So these were the best months for Moderna.
And so you want to limit the time window so everybody's kind of comparing the same times in terms of the outcomes so there's no
sort of Simpson's paradox or effect due to the differences in the distribution volume.
So I said, okay, let's just limit it to a pretty narrow time window here.
So everybody is starting at essentially the same time and they're all ramped up to speed.
They're all set to go because after month six,
things start to drop off.
So these are when everybody has got their engines revved up, everybody's ready to go, and everybody is distributing their vaccines to the public.
And you can see, hey, you got the same numbers.
In fact, it's worse.
For 49-year-olds, it's almost a Pfizer, or sorry, Moderna was twice as likely, or it increased your all-cause mortality.
It doubled your all-cause mortality.
And now here's the raw data.
You can see the raw data goes up to 2.5 here for Moderna versus Pfizer.
And it never goes below 1 for all of these data points.
For all these individual data points, it never goes below 1.
So look, there's no doubt that Moderna should be immediately stopped.
Now there's the time series data.
And time series is another way to analyze this.
Now, in a cohort time series analysis, which is another analysis technique that I used here, which I also use on the New Zealand data, what you do is you look at the mortality rate over time after you got the shot.
Now, this is the mortality rate by week after dose number two.
So this zero is t equals zero.
And it goes off to over 70 weeks.
And after 70 weeks, this data is just crap because you're running out of time to die.
See, most people got shot too around the middle of 2021.
So this gives them 18 months to die because our data stops recording deaths that we got from the Czech Republic.
We don't have any death data from 2023.
So basically, after 70 weeks, we can't record any deaths, which is why this data goes off on a tangent here.
But the data here shows, oh, look at Pfizer, relatively safe.
I say relatively safe because if you look at any of the other vaccines, so this is Moderna here, and then these are the Janssen and AstraZeneca vaccines.
and a little bit of Novavax mixed in, but you can't tease it out.
Actually, sorry, Novavax didn't come on the market in...
in the Czech Republic until March of 2022.
And so I'll show you that analysis next.
But this shows you what happens.
You get the shot.
Now, the first three weeks is what's called a healthy vaccine effect, which means in societies, we do not vaccinate people in hospitals.
We do not vaccinate people in hospice.
Those people are very likely to die.
And so
Excluding them means we've excluded people who normally would have been included and then would have died, but this just causes this bias for the first three weeks we have to ignore.
Then after that, we see, wow, this kind of monotonic increase in mortality rate for people who got the Pfizer shot.
Now, this is not supposed to happen.
It's not supposed to slope up like this.
um from mid-year because there is a seasonality effect which happens towards the end of the uh the year um you know six months you know towards towards week 20 or so here you're going to get a seasonal hump so you can see that what's happening here is you get the shot and your mortality rate increases after you got the shot and in fact your mortality rate went up right after you got the shot because these people
And this, by the way, is restricted to 40 to 79 year olds.
So it's a pretty large age range, which means they can
there can be some age confounding in Simpson's paradox here.
So you can't necessarily say that, oh, this difference here is due to the vaccine effect on day zero, which it could be, but it's hard to tease out because the ranges are so large.
But in fact, when we analyze it for much narrower age ranges, we find that there is a difference on day zero.
After you got the shot,
your mortality is measurably increased on the day after the shot.
Now, this explains totally why people like my friend Jay Bonner, he knows 15 people who died after they got the vaccine and four of them died on the same day as the shot.
Within 24 hours of the shot, four of his 16 friends who died, died on day zero.
So this increase in mortality rate that we see at the very beginning makes perfect sense and is confirmed by this anecdotal data.
Now what's troubling of course is that your mortality rate increases for the next 20 weeks or so, 20-25 weeks or so, and it goes up.
Now this is because your body starts to clot and it
probably other things like your immune system gets attacked and a few other things.
But look at the attack rate on Pfizer versus Moderna versus the other vaccines, the slopes are not the same.
So it's interesting that you can look at this over time and see what happens.
You get the shot, here's what happens to your mortality rate over time.
Now, if we were to look at a safe vaccine or relatively safe vaccine,
like the pneumococcal vaccine that's given to people in Medicare, elderly people in Medicare, the line typically is pretty flat or sloping down.
So when you see a line sloping up like this, and we could see that the slope of this line was different for the COVID vaccines versus other vaccines that are given to the same population.
So the slope was a huge red flag for me and I pointed that out to people early on and they said, no, no, no, that's just healthy vaccine effect extended off for 24 weeks.
It doesn't work that way.
The healthy vaccine effect, it exponentially decreases and it ends in three weeks.
This is due to your injecting people with a dangerous vaccine.
Now I said we talk about Novavax.
It's a little bit small here for you to see.
And I don't, let me see.
Let me see if I can go and make this zoom.
Let's see.
Let's go to zoom here.
Okay.
So you can see this a little bit better, but I looked at Novavax and unfortunately there's so few deaths
So in Novavax, I wanted to do a fair comparison.
And so I restricted this to month four, which is April of 2022 for people getting the Novavax shots versus the Pfizer shots.
And as you can see here,
from the, this is basically the, I haven't looked at this in a while, sorry.
So these are the deaths here for Novavax, the N, the deaths.
in the various age groups.
And this is the Pfizer deaths in the various age groups here.
And this is the number of Novavax shots given here and the number of Pfizer shots.
And you can see, look, the number of Novavax shots is actually greater than the number of Pfizer shots for this age group, and it's greater for this age group, and it's less for this age group.
So they're running kind of neck and neck in terms of distribution in this particular month.
So it's a fair comparison.
It's within a month.
And then we looked out, we couldn't look out a year because it happened in April.
So we're only able to look out for the next eight months and say that got the shot and we counted the number of deaths.
Five deaths here versus 27 deaths for Pfizer.
So this suggests that Novavax is far, far safer than Pfizer.
And in fact, if we calculate the mortality ratios between Pfizer and Novavax, we find that Pfizer is
double the mortality, 4.7 times the mortality, 2.5 times the mortality, 1.6 times the mortality, and overall was double the mortality of Novavax.
So if Novavax is completely safe,
And maybe if we wanted to be really conservative, we'd say Pfizer's got to be at least 20%, 30%, probably 50% higher mortality.
Pfizer's a disaster.
It should be halted immediately.
Now, it would be nice if we had more data here.
And other countries have that data, but they keep it hidden.
And I can't understand why they would want to keep this information from the public, because it would save lives if they disclosed it.
And there's no harm in disclosing it, just like the Czech Republic should.
Okay.
And if you do a Fisher exact test, by the way, on this data, which I did for the second shot in April 2022, for people born in the 1940s, which I picked because I had the most data, you find that with 80% confidence that you can prove with 80% or you can state that this data shows that we have 80% confidence that Pfizer is worse than
than Novavax.
And it could be a lot worse.
And the odds ratio here was five, which means it's five times worse for this age group, but it could be as little as a little bit worse.
Okay.
So I suspect that if we got more data, you'd see a pretty interesting number there.
So look, all of these drug companies
Pfizer, Moderna, Novavax, especially Novavax should be really calling for data transparency.
Pfizer, not so much.
And Moderna basically says, no, no, no, it's important to keep this data from the public.
We'll have better health outcomes if the public doesn't know what's going on.
So interpreting this data, there's no way you can.
This is very straightforward analysis.
This is not rocket science.
This is counting the number of vaccinations and counting the number of deaths from one year from vaccination.
And that allows for calendar year variances in terms of seasonality and so forth.
It's the fairest approach.
It's brain dead simple.
And there's no way you can misinterpret these results.
And there's no way you can attack these results either because it's gold standard data.
The only difference between the groups was what brand vaccine they got.
My recommendation for public health officials is that unless the drug makers are able to explain to the world how this new data from the Czech Republic actually proves that all the vaccines are equally safe,
then Pfizer, Moderna, Janssen, and AstraZeneca vaccines should all be immediately halted as too unsafe to use.
And Novavax, we'll have to look closer at.
But Novavax is the only vaccine maker left standing at the end of this analysis here.
Now, I had Joe Freyman, who's extremely well-respected.
And Joe prides himself on finding errors in studies.
And he said, well, the only possible thing that he's aware of that could have caused this is that if they systematically had a chart saying, oh, well, let me ask you about your number of comorbidities.
Oh, if you have no comorbidities, then we'll give you Pfizer.
And if you have one to three comorbidities, we're going to give you Moderna.
And if we have more than that, we're going to give you the other vaccines.
Nobody's aware of any chart that triaged people based on the number of comorbidities.
And it's possible that some Pfizer doses could have gotten to an elderly care home, but it's equally possible that Moderna doses could have gotten to the elderly care home as well.
And so you can't say that there is any kind of systematic bias in terms of comorbidities for any of these vaccines.
They were basically distributed
on a, hey, we've got the vaccine in stock.
Would you like to get one?
And people were not given a choice as to what vaccine they got.
They got whatever was available.
So it's randomly distributed.
And we have what's called biological plausibility as well, because it turns out that in Pfizer, there's only 30 micrograms per dose of the Pfizer vaccine, and Moderna is anywhere from 50 to 100 micrograms per dose.
So that's essentially 1.5 times higher or more
And what do you know?
You got a 50% increase in all-cause mortality with the higher dose.
So we have this consistency here, this biological plausibility that, hey, maybe if you give people more of an active ingredient that is going to kill them, you're going to kill more people.
No, it doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure this out, although nobody in the medical community has seemed to be able to figure it out.
But the more dose of a poison that you give someone, the more people you're going to kill.
So it totally makes sense what we're observing that you're killing more people because you're giving people more of the active ingredient.
Now, the
The gold standard clinical trials, these randomized controlled trials, the Freeman paper, this paper is published in the peer reviewed literature, he analyzed the data.
And what he found is that relative to their respective placebos, the event rate
For Moderna, it was like 15 per, I think it was like 10,000 shots.
And for Pfizer, it was only 10 per the same number of shots.
So the ratio... Oh, so here it is right here.
This is a direct screenshot from the paper.
Pfizer, Moderna, mRNA vaccines are associated with exophysical...
Seriously, adverse events of special interest of 10, which is for Pfizer, and 15 for Moderna.
So it's a 50% increase exactly like we saw in this check data.
So that kind of makes sense.
Now, the VAERS data also, and I just published an article on this, shows that there's around a 30%, plus or minus.
And remember, it was 50% for the younger age groups and people are reporting in VAERS for all age groups.
And there, it was a 30% more deaths reported into VAERS
than Pfizer.
And I just recently published that substack.
Now, we also have the US insurance company data, which is also consistent with the check data.
Because remember, the check data showed big increases in mortality in younger people.
What happened when the vaccine mandates were instituted in the United States?
In Q3 of 2021, we saw these mortality of these young people, you know, 64 and younger, were skyrocketing while the mortality of older people weren't.
totally consistent.
Well, of course, older people weren't vaccinated at the time.
It was the younger people that did.
But, you know, these numbers are consistent with, A, it's affecting the mortality of the younger people.
And, of course, then I verified from CHAT GPT, which is pretty much a, you know, blue-pilled AI system.
a large language model.
When did large employers in the US start mandating COVID vaccines?
And the answer is large employers in the United States began mandating COVID-19 Venera mid-2021.
What do you know?
What a coincidence.
So the question I have is, look, if there wasn't a vaccine that did this, then what did?
How do you get a 100% increase from baseline?
How do you get that?
That's unheard of.
And they've had over two years to answer that question, and it's still a mystery.
because the vaccine could never be the cause.
Now, there are five Bradford-Hill tests for causality of vaccines.
I have a link to the five Bradford-Hill criteria.
This is a causality test.
This is a very standard causality test.
All five of these conditions are satisfied.
And you can click the link and verify yourself that I've demonstrated all of these things, including the, hey, it happens right after the mortality increase happens right after the shots.
And now we can do p-value calculations here to see if they're statistically significant.
I did a Fisher exact test for ages 65 to 69 showing Moderna shots had a most likely 1.6 times higher.
Let's fix that.
Higher odds of dying compared to the Pfizer shot.
So here it is.
Pfizer versus Moderna study.
This is study one.
So people who got the first shot in 2021, ages 65 to 69.
I chose that because it had a lot of data associated with it.
And I just wanted to show you that the p-value on these is like 2 times e to the minus 21.
Now, a p-value of 0.05 is considered significant, and this is a p-value of 20 or so zeros followed by a 1, as opposed to 0.05.
So that suggests that this did not happen by chance.
And the odds ratio here of 1.59, 1.6, has a low bound of 1.45, which is essentially 1.5, and a high value of 1.75, which means
With 95% confidence, we can tell you that for this particular age range, 65 to 69, you're getting anywhere between a 45% increase to a 75% increase with 95% confidence.
So what this means in a nutshell is you should not get any of these vaccines and they should stop giving them.
And also it's time for the medical community to face reality as they fucked up big time.
And this is a huge, huge mortality signal that the medical community has been completely blind to for over two years.
In fact, let's see, 20, they were blind to it in 21, 22, 23, now three and a half years.
For three and a half years, nobody in the mainstream medical community said a peep.
And they didn't want to look at the data.
And any data you showed them, they would do a hand waving response saying, I don't like that data.
I don't want to look at it.
They can't run away from this data.
This is one of these moments where I have to bring out the first rule of holes, which is when you find yourself in one, stop digging.
So the people in the medical community have an opportunity right now.
They can make a choice.
They can either accept this data
they can try to attack it.
Now, if they can't attack the data, they need to accept it.
And I don't think they're going to be able to attack this data because I've shown this to dozens of people and nobody's been able to find a plausible explanation for this other than the Moderna vaccine is much, much more dangerous than the Pfizer vaccine.
So the next question people will ask is, why aren't you get you have data from the unvaccinated in this group?
Why aren't you comparing it with the unvaccinated?
And the answer to that is simple.
The unvaccinated are very hard for a country to track.
This is why we have censuses in the United States, because we don't know who's really here, because people come and go all the time.
Now, the same thing is true in any country.
It's true in the UK.
And so what they do is they undercount the unvaccinated.
So if they undercount the unvaccinated, it looks like the unvaccinated people are dying at a higher rate.
And in fact, the thing is so ridiculous that the vaccinated people are dying at half the rate of the unvaccinated because the undercounting is so bad, which means that people could do these studies and they could say, look, compared to the unvaccinated, our vaccinated people are dying less.
Of course, they're dying less because you undercounted the unvaccinated.
So this is why all these studies that use the unvaccinated as the comparison group, and then they also don't account for the healthy vaccine effect, it makes it look like the vaccines are saving millions of lives when it's really doing the opposite.
So this is why I don't use the unvaccinated as a comparison group, because it's an unfair comparison group.
Instead, what I do is I compare each brand of the vaccine with the other brands because everything about the people who went to be vaccinated is the same.
The only difference is the vaccine they got.
So using this new technique, we can see what's really going on.
So like any piece of science, this thing will be attacked by attacking the data.
They'll say that the data is not legit.
I've looked at data before.
I've looked at data from the US.
I've looked at it from New Zealand.
I've looked at it from the Czech Republic.
I've looked at it from other countries as well.
And I can tell you that this thing smacks.
of legitimacy.
We checked the numbers against the Czech Republic official stats numbers.
We looked at everything.
We looked at mortality rates over time, mortality rates versus age groups, the curves for the deaths of the unvaccinated.
Everything checks out.
Now, either the most brilliant mind in the world figured out, oh, this guy's making this request.
Let's go and take about two or three months to massage the data to make Moderna look bad, or this data's legit.
And I think the data's legit because it matches everything I've seen from legit data that wasn't supposed to be disclosed.
The second thing the methodologist's brain did is simple.
count the number of shots, count the number of deaths in one year from the shot.
It's that simple, folks.
You don't have to go into all of these fancy adjustments that they make.
Oh, let's do the adjusted thing.
Let's equalize for comorbidities.
You don't have to do anything like this.
These are the full population.
There's just no way that you can explain a huge difference in odds ratio like this.
Now, you can say, oh, maybe there was an error in the code.
Well, I wrote the code three different times, three different ways.
I verified it in Excel manually without writing any code, and the results were the same.
So hey, if you can find a code error, great.
But there was nothing in the code that would systematically bias Moderna.
So I don't think they're going to be able to do that one.
And then, of course, the interpretation of the results of the methodology.
It's straightforward.
There's no way out for this.
And I go into some other arguments here.
And even Google's AI, Gemini is your definition of a blue-pilled person.
In other words, these people go along with whatever the mainstream says.
And so I ask, supposed two different vaccine brands are distributing country based on availability from the manufacturer, if we measure the all-cause mortality from the time of the shunt to one year later, both vaccines are safe.
Should the mortality rate for each brand be about the same?
Here you have an objective, well, sort of objective, but as objective as it gets, on their side.
And they're saying, yep, da-da-da-da-da, da-da-da-da.
In conclusion, observing similar all-cause mortality rates for both vaccines in a well-designed study would be strong evidence that both vaccines are safe.
if they were the same.
However, slight differences might exist due to the factors mentioned above.
Totally agree.
Slight differences, 1%, 2%, at worst 10%, 12%.
I'm not going to get a 2X increase like we saw here if the vaccines are safe.
That pretty much sums it up.
We've gone through most of this article.
But I think that Moderna will ignore this data and tell everyone else to ignore it as well.
And I think that the FDA and the CDC will also say, they will tell people that
You know, we're the CDC and we're the FDA and we don't comment on studies that we haven't done.
We don't comment on third party studies.
So the CDC and the FDA will ignore this gold standard evidence
And by the way, the CDC and the FDA, they don't have this data from anybody.
I went to CDC headquarters with Livio, and he'll vouch for this.
He was there.
And we asked the head of media relations at the CDC, I said, do you have this vaccine record-level data?
He says, no, we don't have it.
I said, why not?
He said, Congress doesn't give us the authority to ask the states for it.
And I said,
Have you asked them nicely to ask for the data?
I'll bet you Gavin Newsom would give you the data if you said please.
And he said, we don't have the authority to do that.
So the CDC is flying blind.
They do not have data that shows these vaccines are safe.
And if you want to show them data that shows that they're wrong, they will say, we don't comment on other people's data.
And that's the way it works.
And that's exactly what they're going to do.
How did the other brands do, by the way?
So here are some of the numbers for the other brands.
This is for study one, and this is for study two.
This is born in the 1960s.
So you can see that Janssen's horrible, AstraZeneca is worse than Moderna, and Moderna is worse than Pfizer.
And then in the article, I talk about why I go into four different ways to show that Pfizer isn't safe either.
And of course, the Novavax data that I showed you earlier.
And then it's like, well, Steve, can you be really confident that you're right?
And the answer is, of course, because the anecdotes align with the large data.
So here we have large data from the Czech Republic.
There was no tampering done.
There was no time for them to do tampering.
They had no idea that this data would be used by someone who understood how to analyze it.
And so there is no incentive to try to muck with the data at all.
So you've got this gold standard data.
This is as good as it gets.
You can't get any better than record level data.
It's gold standard.
This is like the data that you want.
You can't get any more pure than this data.
So the data shows that I was right, but the anecdotes show that I'm right too.
Now, it's interesting for Jay Bonner's anecdote, his 15 friends, four of them died on the same day as they got to shot, and three of them were age 30 or younger, and two of them were age 30 and one was 28.
So it appeared to cause higher mortality in people who are younger, just like the Czech data showed.
So I got a lot of quotes from people who are aware of this data and have commented on it, from Tomas First in the Czech Republic, who made me aware of this data.
Thank you very much to Paul Merrick, who you all know, former
member of the British Parliament, Andrew Bridgen, Dr. C. Mulhatra, a famous cardiologist in the UK.
One of my favorites, Dr. Chris Martinson said, it doesn't get any more clear than this, and so on.
So you can read all of the quotes.
And I'll end with Claire Craig's quote.
I don't see any possible way for them to explain this data.
It's devastating.
And the methodology is novel and brilliant.
It's not been used before.
some reason I can't figure out why.
So I wanted to acknowledge all the people that helped on this.
And if you think your public health epidemiologist is telling you the truth, think again.
I just did an episode where I talked to a former epidemiologist slash virologist for Hawaii, and she said that when she started blowing the whistle, they fired her.
Like, this is why public health officials don't look at the data because if you expose the truth, you'll lose your job.
So nobody looks, you know, documented in this great interview I did.
And so that's it.
I'm going to stop my sharing and open it up for questions.

[SPEAKER_03]
And we're back live.
Fantastic presentation by Steve.
He stepped away for a second and he'll be back to join us.
I hope you all enjoyed that presentation.
And again, I wanna remind you, if you can put all your questions in the chat with the all caps question, we will get to as many as we can this evening.
And now I'd like to welcome back live, Steve Kirsch, who just shared that presentation with us.
Welcome back, Steve.
Fantastic presentation.
Very detailed.
I do have a question for you.
If you can just, in layman's terms, for those that can't really grasp all the information, how can you summarize it in a few sentences, just sort of break it down and distill it into, let's call it a presentation of the record level data for dummies?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, there's probably a really easy way to to explain this.
And I was thinking about that, too, because it's like you have two brands of cereal on the shelf and people can go into the store and they look identical.
You know, they both say this is cereal.
It's going to you know, it's made with whole wheat and all this.
And it's two different brands.
And
People randomly come in all different ages and they'll pick one of the boxes and go home.
And it turns out that everybody who picked brand A died within a year.
And everyone who picked brand B, there were no deaths.
Do you think that there was bias in terms of which people bought what brand based on the packaging?
Or do you think that one brand was more dangerous than the other?
And that's essentially what I did.
And I looked at the death rates in every age category.
So I looked at it for 95 year olds, 96 year olds, 55 year olds.
And I compared the mortality rates of people who took brand A versus people who took brand B.
And there was essentially no other difference.
Now, it wasn't an equal number of 90-year-olds that took brand A versus brand B because they came in and kind of randomly picked.
So it's going to be different percentages.
But within the 90-year-old category, 90-year-olds die at a certain rate.
Now, why would 90-year-olds die twice as fast?
For example, I'm exaggerating.
If they took brand A versus brand B.
The only reason for that is if one brand inside the box,
the cereal is more dangerous.
Maybe there are glass shards in the other one.
But that's essentially what it boils down to.
It shows.

[SPEAKER_03]
And we weren't really, we weren't given a choice.
It was like, dad, pick one.
It doesn't really matter just getting the other coat.
Yeah, they're the same.

[SPEAKER_02]
They're both safe and effective.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, it wasn't like there was like Johnson and Johnson at the time.
The only difference really was you can get one Johnson and Johnson or two of the others.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
And that that I think was the one people said Johnson and Johnson's bitches.

[SPEAKER_02]
Hey, two for one.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right.
Yeah, and then they took that one off the market.
Well, I want to bring on a friend of VSRF Live.
We're going to welcome back John Bodwin Sr., author of The Real CDC COVID Facts for Regular People.
Welcome back, John.
How are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_04]
Pretty good, Livio.
Can you guys hear me okay?

[SPEAKER_03]
can hear you loud and clear.
I want to get your take I'm going to leave you to gentlemen to sort of just discuss first what you experienced John during that presentation and get your feedback and maybe ask Steve some questions and I'll come back and join you in a few minutes and then we'll take questions from the audience.

[SPEAKER_02]
There's no video for John by the way.

[SPEAKER_03]
You don't see him?

[SPEAKER_02]
No, I see you.

[SPEAKER_03]
Oh, you see I see you, John.
You're here.
You're here.
You're there and clear.

[SPEAKER_02]
Wow.

[SPEAKER_03]
Very strange that you can't see him, Steve.
What do you see, Steve?

[SPEAKER_02]
I see this gray thing.
It's got little icon of a person and then let me look in the comments.

[SPEAKER_03]
It can have oh now he just disappeared now He's back.
Okay.
I see I see that people can see him.

[SPEAKER_04]
So, okay Yeah, I can see him now then I will I will leave my video off and turned it on again to reset Steve's view that worked Excellent.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, I'm gonna now Replace myself and I'll be back shortly.
All right Okay

[SPEAKER_02]
So Steve, go ahead.
So John, exciting news.
I got an email from UPenn biostatistics head of the Department of Biostatistics at UPenn.

[SPEAKER_04]
Oh, you want to go there right away?

[SPEAKER_02]
Oh, yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
We walked each other, Jeffrey Morris and I.
Oh, yeah.
Go ahead.
He has strong ties with, I mean, he's a U Penn professor and they have extremely strong ties to the whole mRNA thing.
Oh, is that really?
I never let it go.
I know you know.
McKernan really uncovered quite, Kevin McKern uncovered quite a bit early on.
And it just became ridiculous because, I mean, you know that I don't like inferential statistical methods, p-values, confidence intervals.
I don't rely on them.
I rely on really hard data.
And so on Twitter, or now it's called X, I would say, hey, Jeffrey, this guy died in five minutes.
Oh, and here's about four or five people that were young who died within hours of the vaccine from a stroke.
Oh, and here's some pulmonary embolism.
Oh, and by the way, they're all they're all clotting costs causes.
What do you say?
He can't he can't answer it.
I mean, it's what did he say?
He blocked me.
I bring hard conclusive evidence.
I don't I don't deal in persuasive evidence and confidence intervals.
But but I didn't.
You said he blocked you.

[SPEAKER_02]
That was his response.
He blocked you.
I love it.
This guy.
When we first met, Jeffrey Morris, Professor Morris told me that he was a truth seeker that he only one.
And I'm like, you know, explain this, explain this.
And he kept every time he kept changing the topic.
Every time I gave him a question he couldn't answer, he changed the topic.
So what's what's really cool now is I got him.
I, I gave him the the secret link to my article, which hasn't been published yet.
And it won't be published until I incorporate his feedback in my article.
So people can see how this is done.
And so he sent me this.
I mean, it was like amazing because he said he just got back from a trip and he was like swamped with all these requests that are coming in.
But he took the time to go through my article and then write up a critique telling me how I'm full of shit.
And I sent you a copy of that email while you were listening.
So have you had a chance to review it?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, I got about three quarters through it.
And the first thing I noticed is that he uses average method for 2015 through 2019, which I think is an extreme mistake.

[SPEAKER_02]
No, no, no, but that's not the book that that's missing the whole point.

[SPEAKER_04]
I know, I know.
But I do want to say that
If he's doing that, he's missing how baby boomers move through time and there's different populations that go up and down.
So every cause of death would go down.
It doesn't mean the cause of death goes down across the population.
It just means that the population diminished in that age group, like the baby boomers are doing it.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, but he's just using it to compute an age standard.
He's mortality rate and he claims that it's still wrong what he's doing.

[SPEAKER_04]
And then what you want to hear is the big.
I don't you you you calculated across age groups.
What's he doing?
He's just saying he did the same thing, but he's he's not calculating within the age group from, say, you know, the forty six to the fifty nine.
More people got this than more people got Moderna than Pfizer.
I mean, even if he's right, it bears more investigation, not rejection outright.
And what he does is reject it outright.
So, you know, he might be right in part wrong in part.
But the point is you have a very good study.
There are more variables out there, of course, but it bears more and that more study is and we have to study this for a long time.
It bears a demand of the government of the Czech Republic to pull the taxes and immediately look into the records because they have the records.
You have pieces of data from the records.
They have the full records.
They can find out when these people died, and then you're done.

[SPEAKER_02]
No, I have the full records, too.
I just don't have the exact date of birth.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, you don't have the names.
You don't have, like, what hospitals did they die in?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, no, it doesn't matter.
It doesn't matter.
You can't have twice.

[SPEAKER_04]
Those matter.

[SPEAKER_02]
Because if they brought Moderna to a hospital where people are dying, then that's very, you know what, John, they bought they brought Pfizer to a hospital where people are dying too.
Yeah, well, and there's something called the central limit theorem.

[SPEAKER_04]
It matters.
But but okay, let's set that aside.
Here's what I really doesn't.

[SPEAKER_02]
It only meant it only matters is if there is a systematic bias.
We're talking about 10 million people here, John.
We're not talking about, well, they delivered Pfizer to a hospital by mistake and Moderna to another hospital.
There has to be a very systematic bias if you wanted to explain that for every single age from 100 down to 46 is when we start losing statistical significance.
Every single age, 47-year-olds, 48-year-olds, 49-year-olds, 50-year-olds, 51-year-olds, every single age range.
Now, 51-year-olds aren't checking themselves in the hospital, John.
That's right.
How are you getting in a 46-year-old?
How are you distributing Moderna only to the people with comorbidities?
And how do you explain the fact that the time series analysis says, oh, mortality goes up for 20, 25 weeks.
And then it goes flat.
Well, that's not that is not comorbidities, John.
Now you explain explain to me how a comorbidity starts the moment you get the shot and it ends magically 25 weeks later for everybody.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, I want to go to the age distribution, not the time series, if you don't mind, because you have this.

[SPEAKER_02]
You're trying to change the topic on me.
No, no, no, no, not at all.

[SPEAKER_04]
I want to explain like what you tried to explain earlier with the cereal boxes.
OK.
If we can agree that older people are more susceptible to any externality, whether it's seasonal cold temperatures, flu, pneumonia, vaccine, it doesn't matter.
Older people are more susceptible to expire from an externality than younger people are in general.
And the older you are, the more susceptible you are.
So knowing that that difference exists as a variable,
you if the vaccines were equal, whether it's equally safe or equally protective, which they're not at all.
Right.
But if they're equally safe in any way, there should be no difference across those age groups.
But there is the fact that there is a difference across the age groups.

[SPEAKER_02]
No, it's not.
It's a difference within an age for 96 year olds.
That's it's 10 percent worse for Moderna.

[SPEAKER_04]
Right, but they're so you have the very your 20 year old, it's like twice as work.

[SPEAKER_02]
It's it's it's double the mortality.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, I don't think you understand why that so you got let's say Pfizer and Moderna are not equally unsafe.
If there's a difference at all, it will manifest in a higher number for the less safe product.
Yes.
And there is you've proven that you've shown that you've shown that Moderna has a much higher rate.
And you have a sloped line when you take the ratio of the two.
If you take the ratio of the two, it should be a flat line.

[SPEAKER_02]
Correct.
It should be a one line.
Now, but let's let's we need to get back to Jeffrey Morris's comment, because what he said is a complete misinterpretation of what I wrote.
It's as if he took two minutes to read this article that took me weeks to assemble.

[SPEAKER_04]
That's why I didn't understand what he wrote.
I'm confused.

[SPEAKER_02]
He basically, what he did is he said, look, older people, it was skewed, Moderna got older people.

[SPEAKER_04]
But that shouldn't have any bearing in your study.

[SPEAKER_02]
It doesn't.
That's the whole point.
That's why I was confused by what he did.
OK, so let's back up for a second here.
So the audience is not confused.
So Geoffrey Morris writes me this thing saying, Steve, you're a dumbass.
He didn't say that.
He's nicer than that.

[SPEAKER_04]
Steve, he's not, he's not that much nicer than that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_02]
But, you know, typical dumbass analysis, Steve, what you didn't consider is that there was a different age distribution between Moderna and Pfizer and Moderna got a lot more old people and Pfizer got younger people.
And that's why there's a mortality difference between the groups because
the Moderna group had a greater portion of all people.
But you see, and so he says, so he thinks what I'm doing is I'm computing a all cause.
I just computed all the deaths of all the people without looking without looking at their ages and said, look, Moderna has a, you know, 50% higher death rate.
But you see, I didn't do that.
And so
What I did, of course, is I computed for every single age group that if you had 10 people in group A, you got one mortality rate, you got 10 people in group B or 20 people in group B, you had a different percentage of the people.
And I just divided the percentages.
And so it doesn't matter what the distribution is about how many people got, how many 95 year olds got Pfizer versus Moderna.

[SPEAKER_04]
Right.

[SPEAKER_02]
So it's a complete smokescreen.
And my point is that these people that are in positions of authority
are looking at stuff like this, and their mind is such that they look at it and they say, well, this doesn't agree with my belief system.
So I'm going to just totally misinterpret.
I'm not even going to read what he wrote.
I'm just going to show him why the mortality is higher in Moderna.
And it appears he didn't read anything I wrote.
He's completely compromised.

[SPEAKER_04]
And he opts for risk instead of opting for safety.
It's just the opposite of what any company doing drugs should be.
And what I mean by that is he's saying, ah, yours is wrong and I'm not going to look anymore.
It's just the opposite of what they should do.
They should be trying to look for safety.

[SPEAKER_02]
But of course, this is a gold mine.
Let me let me, you know, mine this and see if these these vaccines are exactly create exactly the same mortality if I do it right.
And of course, I did it right, which is I looked at the mortality for, you know, I broke it down.
I did every single single year age groups.
And every single time.

[SPEAKER_04]
That's the important part because it almost seemed like he was saying within an age group and he was taking a larger group saying within that age group, if you have the stratification of Moderna skewing older, then you're going to it's going to mess up your data.
But you didn't do that.

[SPEAKER_02]
Single age group.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
No, that's that he's he's I don't understand what he's saying.
It's because he has not made a point.

[SPEAKER_02]
That's right.
Now, you know, within an age group, it could be skewed.
It could be that Moderna got all the old people within an age group within the ninety five year olds.
They got everybody who was born in December and and Pfizer got everybody born in January and nobody nobody who was born in between those age ranges got shot.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
Calculate the odds.

[SPEAKER_02]
It's so, yes.
In every age group.
So when I saw his response, I immediately went, wow, I have won.
There is, if he couldn't, he, this is, this is embarrassing.

[SPEAKER_04]
Jeffrey Morris.
Come on, Steve.
Okay.
And the audience should know that, you know, if we talk, it's just kind of, this isn't like a VRS VSRF interview.
We used to have calls where we all just kind of talked, right?
So the first graphs with the negatively sloped line, that's it.
There's your proof.
And it's not just proof that Moderna is bad, just the fact that there's a difference shows that they're both bad.

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, the problem is that the medical look, even if Pfizer is perfectly safe, the fact that the medical community never said, oh, whoops, yeah, you're 50 years old.
It's a 60% higher, you know, risk of death.
If you take all-cause risk of death, not incremental risk of death, it's a, you know, it increases your all-cause mortality by 60% at minimum.
even if Pfizer is perfectly safe.
But the whole medical community, I mean, that's the fundamental thing about this, that this data is so unimpeachable.
And it means that the medical community is completely out to lunch, that all the regulators are out to lunch, and then not a single freaking regulator in the world is looking at their data to assess safety.
They're all saying it's safe and effective.
Get your shots.

[SPEAKER_04]
I just went through this a couple of weeks ago in Connecticut, and then I did a press conference yesterday.

[SPEAKER_02]
Am I wrong?

[SPEAKER_04]
The government has a legal duty to investigate because they stepped into the job to be overseers of these.
And when I say legal duty, that's an important term, legal term.
I mean, they took the responsibility of investigating.
If you take the job as a lifeguard and you watch a boy drown and you're like, I don't feel like getting wet.
You took that job in place of somebody else that otherwise would have saved the boy.
So that's murder.
Because you have that legal duty.
Like if I'm walking by and a boy's drowning, I don't have any legal duty.
I never had lifeguard training.
That's right.
So I don't have to save them.
And I'm not the close relative.
I'm not an EMT.
I'm not a fireman.
Certain positions have a legal duty.
Now, if you take a job as like FDA commissioner or CDC director, you have that legal duty to investigate information and belief the public is in imminent danger of harm.
And if you shirk that duty, that's a criminal negative act.
It's an omission of conduct where conduct is required.
And the problem is they're just shrugging their shoulders and walking away because they know they own the criminal prosecution business, monopoly.
The government has a monopoly on criminal prosecution.
We have no private right of action.
I won't go too deep into legal stuff, but that's kind of where I'm going with all the stuff I'm doing.
In Connecticut, I just showed them that the biggest thing right now has been acute renal failure, and it's been missed by so many people.
155,000 excess across the country.
Ed Dowd came out with 153,000 using the CDC data.
So I used an extrapolation of 5% of the US population, which is the data I have, Massachusetts, Minnesota, and Connecticut.
And we came up with the same numbers, two different groups, two different methodologies and two different data sets came up with the same number.
That's a hundred.
That's that's Steve.
This is worse than the than the Hong Kong flu, worse than polio works, the smallpox worse than H1N1.
It's the worst thing in 100 years.
And the government doesn't know about it.
Nobody's talking about it.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_02]
So so, John, what's the reaction?
when you told these lawmakers about it, and can they be held criminally negligent for turning a blind eye?
So the question is, I have like a city, the county executive in Santa Clara County, he doesn't want to investigate any of my charges.
My commissioner, my elected
city council member, I don't think wants to investigate.
And of course, the Department of Public Health people don't want to investigate either.
So are you saying that these people are all criminally negligent and could be brought to trial and put in jail?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yes, if the system worked properly.
Yeah, criminal negligence.
People misunderstand.
It's not a negligence standard.
It's a reckless mens rea standard criminal standard.
It's not we're not talking about lawsuits here.
So there's also another one called deliberate indifference to life, but just deliberate indifference.
These are all, it's called mens rea, the mental state you're in when you commit the crime.
Yes, the answer is yes.
It's criminal negligence, depending on what state you're in.
I don't know if they call it that in California, but they're inaction, concurrent with their legal duty to act on information and belief.
And what is that?
That's the data you're providing.
And if they're refusing to look at it,
Um, that's why I lead when I, when I write to these guys and I'm doing it for Massachusetts next week, apparently, um, I'm going to be brought in to hand it to a bunch of state senators and, uh, and, uh, state reps.
And I lead with the names.
This person died of this.
It says it on the death certificate.
CDC deleted the code to hide it from the American people.
That's how much evidence I have.
I can prove the CDC is deleting vaccine as a cause of death to hide them from the American people.
We have that information.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
So how can they ignore this?
Well, I mean, like I said, they have a monopoly in criminal prosecution.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
They're not going to do anything.
We need to get to the grand juries.
There are two problems in the United States with the legal system.
The first problem is on the criminal side, we have lost access to the grand jury system.
When a state attorney comes in as an advisor by law, they take over the grand jury.
They're not supposed to.
The grand jury form is supposed to be in charge.
On the civil side, you have standing doctrine.
All these cases are being dismissed on standing, which is an affront to the most foundational right we have for civil society, which is the right to petition the government for redress and grievances.
That's the last part of the First Amendment.
So they trample the right for redress by the subjective whim of any judge whose wife doesn't like the case and says, honey, can you just dismiss that?
And, you know, they dismiss it and that's it.
And what do you say about it?
Well, you know, we got to get rid of standing doctrine.
Iqbal versus Ashcroft.
cited 256,000 times since 2009.
It was cited in all three of my cases that were dismissed, and it was cited against the attorneys general of Missouri and Texas when they brought the case against Pennsylvania in 2020 for election fraud.
They cite it for everything.
I talk a lot.

[SPEAKER_02]
So can I get a civil grand jury convened in most states or in very few states?

[SPEAKER_04]
Actually, you said civil grand jury, not criminal.
They can hear some answers in counties in California.
You can look up California law.
You're onto something there with the civil side, but really we're talking criminal.
So you want to convene a grand jury.
There are different legal pathways to do it.
They're all very difficult.
I'm looking at jurisdictions.
I don't want to talk about it now because I think the government will try to shut it down ahead of me trying to get it done.

[SPEAKER_02]
But in California, for example, can I get a criminal grand jury convened to investigate these people?

[SPEAKER_04]
You don't even need to have one convened.
You can petition a district court judge.
They're just going to deny it.
But you have existing grand juries where if you can get the information to the grand jury foreman that's evidence of a crime, then they're legally obligated to pursue it and investigate it.
The grand jury might've been, there are generalized grand juries that convene every, I don't know, year.
I'd have to look at the California law.
Oh, and they're by county there.
So you can go for a county grand jury.
In fact, I know of a county right now that has a grand jury in California that should be approached.
But there is something going on there with the lawsuit of somebody being kicked off and stuff.
I could talk to you on the side about that.

[SPEAKER_02]
Ah, let's let's let's have a conversation.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, that's that's a really interesting one.
It's really interesting.
And we need to the western states are good, Steve, not the eastern states, because the western states were founded later.
Ours were founded through the colonial days.
And we have existing law when the, when we pushed West and it was a sparsely pos populated area, the district judges would go around like to every town once a year, maybe twice a year, the cases would pile up.
They would have these laws to like deputize people and to have a board of County commissioners be able to petition people.
It's, it's a good, you guys have better laws than we do for this.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
All right.
Well, before Olivia chimes in here, let's get your quick summary.
Did you find the article convincing, the data convincing, and all that?
Yes.
And then the second question is, what do you think is going to happen?
Do you think everybody is just going to ignore this like it never happened?
Or do you think that people are going to say,
You know enough people will realize that while this is gold standard data I'm like fighting against the the truth here, and I'm gonna lose eventually I should Go get on the right side of history What do you think's gonna happen?

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, I think it depends on your strategy
Yeah, my career was all strategic planning of very large contracts.
And you can put this out there and hope somebody will pick it up and you can send it to them certified mail.
But if you have a strategic plan to corner them and put them in a position where they have to look at it, number one, nothing happens without public opinion.
And that's across all three branches of government.
Public opinion sways the Supreme Court.
It sways the certainly the legislature and it sways the executive branch.
The only ones that doesn't swear, the permanent bureaucracy, right?
They don't give a crap.
They're not going to lose their jobs depending, no matter who comes in.
And so you have to put them in a position of potential loss of their freedom through prison time or being sued.
But suing them, you get qualified and sovereign immunity to get around.
It's harder.
Criminal is like, I think it's easier because they're committing crimes.
So what do I think is going to happen, Steve?
If you don't put a strategic plan that's long-term in place and work toward that plan, then a lot of these ad hoc events that we all do, that we put out stuff, it goes out to the ether.

[SPEAKER_02]
It's all about the follow-through.

[SPEAKER_04]
It's the follow through and strategic planning to put individuals in position such that their personal finance and their personal freedom is at stake.
The only way to change a bureaucrat and get them to do something different is make it personal to them.
They don't care what you do to their state.
They don't care what you do with lawsuit.
You can sue their state for 100 billion dollars.
They don't care.
They still got their job.
You got to make it personal to them.

[SPEAKER_03]
And can you elaborate a little further?
Personal in what way?

[SPEAKER_04]
A personal and so criminal would be their freedom is at stake.
They don't have.
There's no such thing as qualified or sovereign immunity for criminal matters.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
So if I had a district attorney or an attorney general who was sympathetic to what my evidence showed.
Yeah.
That would change everything, wouldn't it?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yes.
But the problem is all attorneys, general and state attorneys work for the state and they've chosen a career path that is adverse to
getting getting Pfizer or pharma coming after them or the deep state coming after them.

[SPEAKER_02]
So so I mean, well, but I need so if I district attorney who basically said I'm going to retire that well, this is that exactly.

[SPEAKER_04]
That's what you want.
In fact, you want to find a state or a county with a special prosecutor law.
You want to be able to petition for a special prosecutor first such that the special prosecutor then petitions for a grand jury.
Right.
And then even then,
If the special prosecutor comes up with, if the grand jury comes up with a true bill recommending indictment and a special prosecutor brings it to the attorney general and says, we have recommendation for indictment from the grand jury.
And the attorney general says, nah, I don't feel like it.
What do you do that?
So I have a contingency for everything, right?
At that point, you have the grand jury themselves petition the district judge to unseal the findings.
and so that the evidence against the criminals
gets to the public, and you're at least able to win in the court of public opinion.
And if you unseal it and it goes public, it's on record forever that the public can see that these people committed crimes, killed hundreds of thousands, if not millions in America, in the United States alone.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, I decided to look the other way.

[SPEAKER_04]
This is what I've been working on for years now.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, so how's your thing coming with the CDC?
Didn't you put them on notice and serve them and all that?

[SPEAKER_04]
Oh, yeah, they're not going to do anything.
I know that.
I'm not living a fantasy world, but it's on record.
and I put it out there on the sub stack, I have the little return receipt requested cards, some of the name of the person who signed for it, and they're unnoticed, they have the information.
And there are some small changes going on, they're starting to admit stuff, put themselves in a position such that they can say they didn't know, but now they know and now, you know.

[SPEAKER_02]
So yeah, so you think if Trump was elected president, he would take action on this?

[SPEAKER_04]
You're asking me a political question and put me on the spot.
I think Trump's compromised.
I hope he's not.
But when they found Ivana Trump at the bottom of the stairs two years ago, dead from blunt force trauma to the torso, I didn't think she fell down the stairs.
I think it's a message.
And it's so convenient at the time he was thinking about running.
She's found at the bottom of the stairs.
Now, if you're going to send a message to him, would you kill one of his kids?
No, that would be too much.
Now you're going overboard if you're them, right?
The deep state.
The message would be, kill Ivana Trump.
She's like 70 years old.
Nobody's going to say anything.
Nobody's talked about it since.
Most people don't even know it happened.
But I'm looking at it like, oh, they sent him a message.

[SPEAKER_03]
That's just me.
All right, let me start with a question from NoJabQuilter.
Is Czech Republic up in arms and regretting releasing this data?

[SPEAKER_02]
No, I have no clue, but I did message the people in the Czech Republic and I asked them, hey, what will your people think about this?
What do your institutions think about this?
And I got a response back, Steve, I submitted the FOIA request to Chuck regular waiting for them to confirm if there was any difference.
Let's wait with any promotion of your paper until they respond to it.
Otherwise, the response would be tailor suited to disprove your claim.
The example of vaccinated and unvaccinated is completely different.
Yes.
So I think they're saying they'd rather lie low because they have another FOIA request out that they don't want to have torpedoed.

[SPEAKER_03]
I see.
So more more data is coming.

[SPEAKER_02]
Maybe.

[SPEAKER_03]
Okay.
Well, next question.
As long as we keep this all secret.
Right.
Don't tell anyone.
Shh.
All right.
Welcome to the eagle asks, how many common lot numbers are in both the Denmark and Czech study?
And does the raw Czech data have lot number info or a pseudo derivative number like the New Zealand data?

[SPEAKER_02]
They have the actual raw lot number.

[SPEAKER_03]
Great.

[SPEAKER_02]
And on the New Zealand data, is the New Zealand data record level data or not?
I'm sorry.
You said you said Denmark data.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
The first part of the question was how many common lot numbers are in both the Denmark.
Right.

[SPEAKER_02]
So the Denmark, I'm not familiar with it.

[SPEAKER_03]
Is there Denmark record level data that I saw the question, but I wasn't actually myself.
Okay.
So Albert.

[SPEAKER_02]
Albert, text me Albert.
Let me know if the Denmark data is record level data or put it in the comments.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_03]
All right.
We'll find that out hopefully soon.
Question from Zoomiest.
Would Steve like to comment on new Moderna bird flu mRNA vaccine or combined flu COVID mRNA vaccine?
Can this data be used to stop production?

[SPEAKER_02]
No, it's, it doesn't matter for stopping production.
Look, these guys are going to pretty government's already paid for production.
Like, you know, they've already proved with this that they're not looking at the data.
They don't give a crap about the safety data.
No one wants to look at that data.
And when you show them the data and you analyze it for them and put it out in black and white for them to read, they don't want to look at it.
So,
You know, the public just needs to be aware of this.
It's it's horrible.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, I agree.
I agree with what John was saying.
The public opinion is important.
Question from SFRO Bank.
Has Steve looked into the ingredients in these vaccines and studied what in the vaccines is injuring slash killing people?

[SPEAKER_02]
So the answer is no, I haven't and I don't care because they are and nobody's giving a shit.
And that's the problem.
And doing deeper dives at this point is not going to solve anything, but there's fundamentally some things in the mRNA in these vaccines.
There's the mRNA stuff itself, which goes to all the cells in your body and gets replicated by your body in different ways.
So you inject exactly the same amount of stuff of mRNA into person A and person B, and you're going to get completely different bio-distribution
and you're gonna get completely different sort of multiplication.
So that's one of the things, but of course Moderna has up to three times higher active ingredient.
And then there's also the contamination factor of the residual DNA.

[SPEAKER_04]
So there's- Don't forget about the LNPs.
A lot of people react to those alone.

[SPEAKER_02]
So to say that- Oh yeah, there you go.

[SPEAKER_04]
The lipid nanoparticles.
Like protein and mRNA,
The delivery mechanism itself killed a lot of people and none of them are safe.
None of them.
And they didn't work for 20 years and all of a sudden they just wave a wand with COVID.
Oh, it's safe now.

[SPEAKER_03]
Oh, yeah.
We don't have to test it on humans either.
Let's just throw it out there.
Question from Mr. Peppermint, and I want to probably throw this out to both of you.
Does evil intent ever cross your mind that actually everything is going as planned for the eugenics elite who want population reduction slowly and quietly?

[SPEAKER_02]
It doesn't for me.
I think most people believe that this what they're told that these vaccines are safe and effective.
I believe that the people in the FDA know that the vaccines are unsafe, but they thought that COVID was more dangerous than they thought that if this thing gives you a 95%
Reduction in mortality that that would be worth the risk of all the side effects and they they didn't do any of the math.
They didn't do any of the risk benefit calculation.
They just made an assumption and it's like they wanted an escape.
They wanted a way out of the pandemic so badly.
that they were willing to look the other way and then everybody trusts what the CDC and FDA say that it's safe and effective and they blindly follow it and then CNN goes and echoes all this stuff and then everybody is saying what CNN is saying and
and everybody is just fooled and thinks I'm the evil person and that these vaccines are safe and effective.
I don't, you know, maybe there's somebody with a master plan, but I think the 99.9% of the people involved in this, if not more, I think it's probably like 99.99999 believed that they were helping to save the world by promoting these vaccines.
If there's an evil person in this, he would have to have so much control and not be discovered.
For that not to happen, I think it would be hard.
If there was a smoking gun, somebody would have found a smoking gun.

[SPEAKER_03]
John, care to give us your thoughts?

[SPEAKER_02]
It would be on X.
It would be an X post on, hey, I found the smoking gun.
I found the memo.
Somebody leaked the story.
You know, something's going to happen.

[SPEAKER_04]
So it's, I agree with Steve to an extent.
Most of the people are,
ignorant in some ways, there's different states of mind.
And I look at it like 60% of the doctors just went along through solicitation of the CARES Act for the extra money to the administrators.
The administrators then leaned on the doctors.
The doctors used internally rationalized that the NIH protocol, okay, which we got the room Dasevir, Larazepam, Dazolam, dexmedetomidine, propofol, fentanyl, and then you get onto the ventilator, you get the vancomycin and then you're dead.
And then there's the vaccine on top of that.
They're going along with what they're told from the NIH and they don't want to, they internally rationalize that the NIH said so, so it's okay.
but who's at the NIH.
So as you go up the list, so doctors, you get the solicitation, then you have the coercion from the medical boards, ABIM, ABFM, American Board of Pediatrics, the Federation of State Medical Boards, the state licensing boards, all of them are in cahoots to coerce doctors.
So now you're up to 90%, you get another 30%.
In order to get another 5%, you go after somebody like Merrill Nass or John Lattell,
take their license to practice, suspend it.
Now you're up to 95% compliance with doctors.
How many of them are evil and intend to hurt people?
Probably hardly any of them.
A lot of them rationalize.
Some of them are just afraid to lose their job.
The broken morality, that'll be in my fourth book, The Pandemic of False Morality.
That'll be about Minnesota data.
So you've got that.
At the highest level, though, is where I differ from Steve.
There are people who knew that the actions that would flow from the written words, the words in the CARES Act have nothing to do with trying to save the public.
You're not pumping money in to save the public.
They knew that the NIH would write these.
They knew that the doctors would follow them.
They knew that the hospitals would coerce them.
They knew that the medical boards would coerce them.
And you have all this death and destruction of people.
There are people at the top who put it together and knew.
And the reason I think that is because I used to put together strategic plans for many people, sometimes internationally.
I had engineers in Europe, in Eastern Europe, in Asia and in California and Colorado, working on trying to close a deal with companies that have other places all over.
And you have to manipulate people and put a strategic plan together.
What I would have done to manipulate society to do this is exactly what they did.
As I look at it, I'm like, yep, I would have done that.
I would have done that.
And it only takes a few people at the top to manipulate the downstream people with behavior modifications.
CARES Act is, it's a behavior modification.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, but, but, but John, they'd have to convince Moderna and Pfizer, AstraZeneca, Janssen to make a vaccine that's deadly.

[SPEAKER_04]
They don't know.
I've met guys in the locker room.
I talked to a chemical engineer.
He doesn't know what's going on.
He said, you know, it's really funny.
We couldn't get this thing approved for 10 years.
And then all of a sudden COVID came along and they just approved it.
I'm like, yeah, you don't see a problem with that.
He's like, oh, it's great.
Cause now the product is flowing and
Like he doesn't know the individuals don't.
There's probably like Borla and if he's the one that's had a Borla.
Anyway, the people there.

[SPEAKER_02]
So John, you think that somebody called a Borla said, hey, we want to like eliminate like 10% of the people on the planet.
Make sure your scientists put something in these jabs so that you know, and then they hang up the phone.

[SPEAKER_04]
That's not how that goes.
Okay.
How does it go?

[SPEAKER_03]
Probably in the movies it goes like that.

[SPEAKER_04]
The product doesn't work for 20 years.
You can't get these LNPs to work.
We're going to sidestep that so you guys can make a lot of money.

[SPEAKER_02]
No, no, no.
But then you just get an ineffective vaccine that doesn't kill people.

[SPEAKER_04]
Who cares about that?
Borla knew it was going to kill people.
That's what I mean by knowing state of mind.
But it wasn't trying to kill people.
There's purposeful mens rea is your first degree murder with deliberation and premeditation.
Knowing somebody is going to die from what you do is not deliberation and premeditation.
That's a little different.
I know it's kind of weird to think about, but it is in terms of mens rea.
You have purposeful, knowing, reckless and negligent.
And I used other terms like deliberate indifference, criminal negligence.
Those are all kind of reckless mens rea.
But knowing and trying to kill somebody are two different things.

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay.
But do you think the Albert Borla will ever be put in jail?

[SPEAKER_04]
It depends how long he lives.
I hope so.
I mean, I hope we can get him in jail.
Yeah, I do.
And because there's no statute of limitations on this stuff.

[SPEAKER_02]
And what, what on, on willful, uh, uh, negligence or misconduct freedom.

[SPEAKER_04]
The prep act is unconstitutional on its face.
Going after the willful misconduct exception.
CHD should have gone after prep act.

[SPEAKER_02]
So, so, all right.
But what do you think the, uh, you'd get Borla on what's the charge?

[SPEAKER_04]
He knows he knows people are going to die and he commits the acts in a knowing state of mind.
Concurrent with the opportunity to commit the act and people to die and the injury is that the people die you need you need Manzara Actus Reyes, okay, they guilt the act and they need concurrence in time You have to tie the cause of the the act to the injury and then you need the injury all those boxes are checked he's easily Up for murder if you can prove then it's the hardest thing is a knowing state of mind So if we get any files that he knew if we have any witnesses to say that he knew
and we can prove that he knew, then we're done.
He's a murderer.

[SPEAKER_03]
All right.
Okay, next question is coming from Osir Yousoft.

[SPEAKER_02]
Who claimed, by the way, who claimed in the chat, I saw it earlier, he claimed that Livio will not read my question.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right, so I'm going to take him up on that bet and he's going to make a very nice donation to the DSRF for me reading his question.

[SPEAKER_02]
How much did you bet him on that one, Livio?

[SPEAKER_03]
I didn't bet him.
I'm going to let him go ahead and make his donation because I'm going to win the bet right here.
Here's the question.
Are you willing to debate malice with Dr. David Martin?
He has the smoking gun.

[SPEAKER_02]
Am I willing to make malice?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, it's for you, Steve.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, sure, of course.
I talk to David all the time.
Good friends with David.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, we want to get him on the show at some point in the, hopefully, relatively near future.
So, excellent.
Thank you for the question.
I thought you meant Michael.

[SPEAKER_02]
Look, I'm not afraid of it.
I'm not afraid of the truth.

[SPEAKER_03]
Here's a question from SFRO Bank.
Steve, can you use any of your info to stop slow down the coming delivery of the bird flu shots?
That's not okay.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
Yeah.
I have a button right over here.
I'll press it.
It'll say you dump the, Oh, I wish.
Come on.
Maybe, maybe someone will get that for me for this Christmas, you know, a button and it has all the vaccines on it and, and it says stop and I can just get the thing, hit the buttons in it.
That would be so cool.

[SPEAKER_04]
Can I comment on something right here?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_04]
You may not have thought about it.
So
They threw the vaccine market under the bus in order to make political change.
They knew that so many people would die that everybody would talk negatively or not take the vaccine.
You know people and I know people.
I'm 60 now.
My friends are in their 60s.
They got the flu shot every year for 20 years.
They'll never get another one.
The acceptance of all vaccines has gone down across the board because everybody knows somebody who is either maimed or dead.
The vaccine market has taken a huge hit, huge.
This H5N1 is going after the food supply.
They know people aren't going to take this.
And if they try to mandate it, there's going to be such a fight that there's no way they can mandate it this time.
The COVID vaccine destroyed the vaccine market.
I don't know how you feel.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, I would agree.
I mean, it's not working as far as stopping transmission.
And I talked to a lot of vaccinated people like, yeah, I'm not getting any more.
And they have some regrets.

[SPEAKER_04]
But these people aren't getting, they're not getting flu ever again either.
They're not getting the shingles vaccine.
They're not getting anything.

[SPEAKER_02]
The flu vaccine doesn't do shit.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, and partly is also because a lot of them are just sick and they're taking all kinds of other stuff because they're not, they're not healthy, they're not well.

[SPEAKER_04]
Word vaccine.
I wrote this a long time ago.
People said, stop calling it a vaccine.
And I did.
It's a gene drug injection or gene therapy injection.
But I said, you know what, they can choke on it because if they want to call the COVID a vaccine, they destroy the entire vaccine market.
You're going to see, I'm telling you, in the next five to 10 years, it's going down and down and down.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, they should just change the name of it.
Call it the COVID kill shot.
I'd love to see that.
The COVID kill shot is safe and effective, and it's free.
I call it a kill shot.

[SPEAKER_04]
I call it a lethal injection.

[SPEAKER_02]
It's the COVID.
There you go.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, I'm going to end it with that last question.
John, I want to thank you for sticking around for the presentation and giving your valuable input and hanging out with us this past second hour.
It's always great to see you.
And can you let people know where they can find your book, The Real CDC COVID Facts for Regular People?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
It can be found at therealcdc.com.
So t-h-e-r-e-a-l-c-d-c.com.
Press releases are at Summa Logica LLC.
That's s-u-m-m-a-l-o-g-i-c-a-l-l-c.com.
I'm moving a lot of graphical content there from my old website, Via Vera Vita.
And in the next couple of months, you'll see a lot more information from me with a lot of graphs that go through 2023.
Um, so you can get t-shirts and books.
Oh, the CDC memorandum is, I used to say it's for doctors and lawyers, but a lot of people really like it and they're buying it.
Um, so yeah, both books are available at my website or on Amazon for a lot more money, uh, or Barnes for a lot more money.
Um, in Canada, the only way I have to ship to you is through Indigo.
So, uh, you can go to Indigo.
Thank you very much.
Really appreciate you guys having me.
Great job, Steve.
And, um, I think that.
People should stand up and notice this data and they have a legal duty to investigate.
So if you know of any politicians or I should say government officials in the Czech Republic, then yeah, I mean, who do I know there?
Well, Brno, Bratislava, Slovakia, and I get them confused.
If you know people in Brno or Bratislava, and there's another one that there's a lot of tech in Steve, it's like a couple of small foundries there.
They make a lot of chips.

[SPEAKER_03]
Great.
Well, thank you, John.
Always great to see you.
And we'll have you back on.
Steve, you want to respond to that real quick?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
You know, I just got an email from Jeffrey Morris again saying that he's on a train now and he had a chance to read my article.
So he didn't read my article before he told me I was full of shit.
So now he he writes back, OK, the age distribution factor is not a major issue for your analyses.
Oh, so complete about face.
And then he says, oh, but some of your things are just complete hand waving like HV only last three weeks.
What does HPE having lasting three weeks have to do with homework?
I mean, it is.

[SPEAKER_04]
He's the clone.

[SPEAKER_02]
I can't believe this.
This guy's had a biostatistics.
Ivy League professor.
I'm going to publish.
I will publish his emails intact so people can see them.

[SPEAKER_03]
I want to see that.
I want to read those.

[SPEAKER_04]
Ivy League professor.
There you go.

[SPEAKER_03]
All right, John, hope to see you again real soon.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thanks, guys.
Appreciate it.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_03]
All right.
Well, Steve, fantastic job.
I want to distill that information down even so maybe we can make a little short presentation of that.
And if you're out there watching this, share this with people.
We have posted it on our Rumble channel as a standalone presentation as well.
See if you can red pill some people and share the presentation and see if
Maybe some of the people in line at the Fauci protest, maybe they'll change their minds.
Maybe not.
And I'm going to be ending this presentation with another little video.
I also want to remind everyone that we are a 501C3 and
All of your support helps us.
We are totally supported by you, our donors, and if you feel compelled, please donate to Text2VSRF to 53555.
Any amount helps, and we really appreciate your support.

[SPEAKER_02]
Also, and the article will be posted, by the way, I want to incorporate Morris's comments and my response to his comments in the article before I publish it.
And then I'll hit the publish switch probably an hour from now.

[SPEAKER_03]
So you're going to make that available on your substack.

[SPEAKER_02]
Oh, absolutely.

[SPEAKER_03]
Excellent.

[SPEAKER_02]
Absolutely.

[SPEAKER_03]
Excellent.
Yeah, I'm looking forward to actually reading through it a little bit deeper now.
And also another way you can help us out is last week on VSRF Live, we had the authors of the COVID-19 vaccines and beyond what the medical industrial complex is not telling us.
Sally Saxon, Deborah Viglione and James Thorpe were here and they are donating 50% of the sales of this book here that you can get.
Janet's going to post the link in this book.
And we would get 50% at VSRF and that is extended through Thursday.
It was going to end today, but they've been generous enough to extend it through Thursday.
So go ahead and get a copy of the COVID-19 vaccines of Beyond along with the real CDC tonight and start a book club.
And next week, not next week, this week, we are going to be back on at a regular day and time on Thursday, and we're going to have a special Canada's Privacy Crisis interview with Dr. Sonja Kuska, MD and attorney, Paul Slansky.
So join us again on Thursday night at a regular time.
Um, so Steve, it's been awesome spending the last couple of days with you and with our donors yesterday and with everyone out here joining us on this special Tuesday night.
Any, uh, any last words there, Steve?

[SPEAKER_02]
I think the, the, the end is near.
And I think what will end this is if, um, either, um, president Trump gets reelected or RFK junior gets elected president.

[SPEAKER_01]
I think if either of those two things happen,

[SPEAKER_02]
Uh, there's going to be, things are going to be a lot different.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
The, uh, the Democrats don't really have a viable candidate yet that I can see.
Uh, so we'll see what happens at the convention, the democratic national convention this year.
And maybe, maybe they'll present a surprise candidate.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, maybe.
Yeah, we'll see.
Good points.
All right.

[SPEAKER_03]
All right.
Have a great rest of your evening, everyone.
And we'll see you all on Thursday.
Have a good night.

[SPEAKER_02]
All right.
Yeah.

[UNKNOWN]
Oh!

[SPEAKER_01]
You might need another shot.
We've got to make sure we clarify that with people.
It has nothing to do with whether or not it's effective.

[UNKNOWN]
We know it's highly effective.

[SPEAKER_01]
Highly effective.
