[SPEAKER_03]
Vaccine, vaccine, vaccine, vaccine, vaccine, vaccine, vaccine, vaccine, vaccine, vaccine, vaccine, vaccine, vaccine, vaccine, vaccine, vaccine, vaccine, vaccine, vaccine, vaccine, vaccine, vaccine, vaccine, vaccine, vaccine, vaccine, vaccine, vaccine, vaccine,
Behind her smile, a pack of lies Her colleagues, all in chorus, cried Be good and get in line for that vaccine They pushed it so incessantly They banned us from society How dare we not comply with their decrees?
And even though we know you lied You can't undo the damaged lives The greatest crime the world has ever seen Vaccine, vaccine, vaccine
Vaccine, I'm begging you, stop shilling for the man Vaccine, vaccine, vaccine, vaccine He's got you in the palm of his bloody hand
Well now we know that in the end we'll never trust in you again We won't take any more of your fantasy I had to write this song for you Your eternal soul is lost if you don't apologize A tone for your deceit You might have thought you were doing right But big pharmas always terrorize You shouldn't realize they're lying
While your silence is still deafening The calls increase for reckoning It's coming, so let's hope you made your peace Vaccine, vaccine, vaccine, vaccine See how you're selling out your fellow man Vaccine, vaccine, vaccine, vaccine These demons aim to desecrate the land Vaccine, vaccine, vaccine, vaccine
Vaccine, vaccine, vaccine I'll never take another one again Vaccine, vaccine

[SPEAKER_09]
Tonight on VSRF Live, we'll explore the concerning correlation between COVID-19 vaccinations and the surge in cancer cases, as Steve Kirsch is joined by medical experts Dr. Colleen Huber and Dr. Ryan Cole.

[SPEAKER_07]
We know from CDC's own v-safe data that almost 8% of individuals that got these injections had a severe reaction that required medical visit, ER, urgent care visit, or hospitalization.
to have an almost 1 in 10 signal of severe adverse event is astounding in medicine to have a product like that on the market.
Looking at some of the analyses that have come out of the United Kingdom, 1 in 800 were severely injured.
There are other statistics that show it's even more than that.
The challenge is most governments have hidden their datasets, especially the United States.
our own nation, our own tax dollars, which should go for transparency.
The government works for us.
We don't work for them.
They have the data that our tax dollars have paid for, and yet they won't release the data because they know what those data signals show.
And I think this is really where we need to pound the drum of truth and transparency.

[SPEAKER_09]
And now here's your host, Angela Woolbrecht.

[SPEAKER_05]
Good evening and happy New Year.
Welcome to our first VSRF Live of 2024.
I'm Angela Wolbrecht, also known as Nurse Angela.
Tonight, we will be discussing how the COVID-19 mRNA injections have led to a sharp rise in cancers and other spike-induced diseases, and what we can do to keep ourselves and our loved ones healthy.
Steve will be here along with special guests, Dr. Ryan Cole and Dr. Colleen Huber.
Dr. Cole is a well-known pathologist who has diagnosed over half a million patients through the microscope in his extensive career.
Dr. Colleen Huber is a leading naturopathic oncologist and has written several books on natural medicine interventions to avoid and treat disease.
Both Dr. Cole and Dr. Huber will have some great insights into how to keep ourselves and our loved ones healthy in 2024.
First up, we want to thank everyone who has donated to VSRF.
Because of your amazing support before the end of the year, we were able to meet the $25,000 matching challenge offered by one of our generous donors.
Your generosity has made it possible for us to be here tonight and to plan for the next several months of shows, as well as to keep doing the important work we do for the vaccine injured.
Thank you from everyone here at VSRF.
And for those who still would like to make a donation and support our work, you can donate directly at vacsafety.org backslash donate or text LIBERTY to 53555 to donate instantly.
Reminder that we will have our live Q&A tonight towards the end of the show.
So please put your questions in the chat and remember to first type in the word question in all caps so our team can see it.
You can also make a donation by using the super chat feature and we'll do our very best to get your question asked and answered.
And now let's bring on VSRF founder, Steve Kirsch.
So Steve, it's so good to see you.
I wanted to ask you about your substack from December 31st.
You interviewed a nurse whistleblower who is a friend of mine that reached out to me.
Her name is Gail McCrae.
And you called that interview the single most important interview that you've ever done.
And I know you've done so many important interviews, but why was that one so important to you?

[SPEAKER_08]
I learned a lot on that interview that I didn't know before.
And so I just thought it brought together all the pieces from the COVID days as well as the vaccine days into one interview that anyone could watch and learn the corruption that happened during the COVID phase.
and also the corruption that happened during the vaccine phase.
So it kind of put two and two together.
And some of the things that I've learned more recently in concert with what I learned in this interview really put it all together for me and so really helped me to understand what's going on.
The short story being that
there really is and was a still is a COVID virus.
It is real.
It is unique.
It is novel.
But what the big thing that that changed in this interview for me was that I had always been sending out these Twitter posts and saying how many people were killed by COVID, how many people were killed by the vaccine.
And people were always writing back to me that saying,
Well, you should ask how many people were killed by the protocols.
And I always thought that that might be 20% or 30%.
And it was very clear from my interview that it was the reverse.
It was like 90% are being killed by the protocols.
And then I called Paul Merrick after the interview with Gail.
And I asked Paul about his stats.
uh because somebody mentioned that he paul was basically curing everybody and paul's icu doc so he's getting them at the very tail end and he was saving like 95 of his patients and then he was forced to go on the hospital protocol
And the next seven patients died, he 100% lost seven out of seven.

[SPEAKER_05]
And so one of them was very young, right?

[SPEAKER_08]
22.
Yeah.
And so he went back to his management and he said, look, you know, I'm not going to do this.
I'm not going to follow your protocol.
And they basically, Paul resigned because he was not allowed to save his own life just in order to be a doctor.
And so I think that the 90% number is just phenomenal.
And then I looked in the Medicare data.
And if you're not vaccinated, do you know how many unvaccinated people are dying from COVID since March of 2022?
Yeah.
Zero.
I know.
This whole thing, like, get vaccinated?
It's absolutely insane.
There is, there is no data that says that this is a problem.
And in fact, you have the spike for the, for the vax, but you don't have the spike for the unvax.
So I think it's just the vax.
I mean, is that what you're seeing that it's, it's really the today vaccinated or dying from COVID?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, no, the sickest people today are those that are vaccinated.
I don't have, I'm not seeing unvaccinated coming to me saying I'm dying of COVID.
It's really, really bad.
I'm seeing quite the opposite.
And, you know, it's just really devastating.
And I think too, one of the things that was really shocking for me when you did that interview with her was the vaccinated that are coming into the hospitals with this breakthrough COVID,
despite being fully vaccinated and boosted, when you come into these hospital systems on the epic charting system, if you have COVID, it'll automatically populate that you are unvaccinated.
The only option that you have is to potentially change it to vaccine status unknown.
So when the media is reporting to everybody that this is a pandemic of the unvaccinated, it's actually not true.
The hospital systems just,
design the software that way to where you don't have the option of putting that they're fully vaccinated.
So it looks like in these hospitals, they're full of unvaccinated people, but that's not the case.
But I'm really excited.
That interview motivated me to do a nurse whistleblower show.
So on the 18th of this month and two weeks from today, I will have a whole team of nurse whistleblowers that will be coming on.
And Steve, I really think that that is one of the ways that we're going to end this.
You know, if we have all nurses and doctors who are witnessing and seeing what they're seeing come forward and speak, you know, they, they can't do this to us without the nurses and doctors complying.
And the minute we stop complying and put our foot down, this, this will go away.
This will end.
So it's really important.
And I'm really happy to know that we're having a lot more people come forward to us than we did, you know, last year.
I, I see great things for 2024 with us.
So.
That was a great interview.
Looking forward to two weeks from now.
I'd love to bring on our first guest to hear what he has to say.
Our good friend is Dr. Ryan Cole.
We just love and adore him.
He's been with us from the beginning, fighting this fight.
He's a double board certified pathologist with expertise and PhD training in immunology and virology.
Dr. Cole has diagnosed over 500,000 patients through the microscope during his career.
In the COVID era, Dr. Cole has testified extensively on the adverse effects of the COVID shots, including in the US Senate, multiple state legislatures, and internationally.
Welcome, Dr. Cole.
And just last month, you and Steve were in the UK together at a meeting with the British Parliament.
And I heard it was such a big success that there were
20 members of parliament there and I'd love to hear how was that experience there with Steve?

[SPEAKER_07]
It was actually pretty amazing.
I want to start by saying Happy New Year to everybody.
It's great to be here for another year on this planet and
look forward to learning new things and sharing and helping where I can.
Yeah, the UK was great.
I want to again compliment Andrew Bridgen for being one of the bravest parliament members who continues to speak out on behalf of the citizens of the UK.
Wish we had more brave parliamentarians over there, but I think we're getting there.
And I see more people here in our Congress and Senate waking up as well.
Yeah, there were several members of Parliament and members of the House of Lords that decided to come.
And, you know, there were some that were quite surprised by what they heard and were actually
What the one takeaway from one of the Lords was, what do I do now?
With all this information and data that we brought forward as a team, he was shocked.
And he was shocked as to why he hadn't been hearing what we've been sharing for years.
And that just goes to the fact that the media has been collusive with the powers that be to hide the truth from people.
So I think it was very impactful.
woke a couple of people up that are now really kind of in that cognitive dissonance and spinning with what to do with what they learned.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, it's a slow process.
But
Day by day, we make progress.
So what's up with you nowadays?
Have they taken away your license to practice everything?
And what's happening with you on a professional level?

[SPEAKER_07]
Well, I went through my hearings with the People's Republic of the state of Washington.
And that was that was just a kangaroo court circus.
I'm still waiting for the ruling on that.

[SPEAKER_08]
So what were the hearing was on to examine whether you should have a license or what was right?

[SPEAKER_07]
Because, you know, free speech is practicing medicine, according to them.

[SPEAKER_08]
And, you know, their governor had come out.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, their governor came out with a mistus and malinformation policy during Covid, again, part of the cabal.
And, you know, even though there were zero patient complaints in the state of Washington, I helped a handful of patients that did quite well.
They tried to extort them into testifying against me, which none of those patients would do because they did just fine.
And then they're like, oh, well, we're going to have to, you know, kind of like Jordan Peterson, we're going to have to do some reeducation training.
You know, we don't think your chart notes were good enough.
And I'm like, well, show me the chart notes.
Double-blinded randomized placebo-controlled trial on showing the outcomes of a patient based on the length of a chart note.
So no, I had charted everything and they had all the informed consent that they needed, et cetera.

[SPEAKER_08]
So they're just looking for something to destroy you, right?

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, no, they're trying to nail me on something because they want to make an example of somebody somewhere so they can continue to scare physicians.

[SPEAKER_08]
Did you actually call your patients like when they tried to get one of your patients in Washington to testify against you?
Did your patients call you and say, hey, I just got a phone call?

[SPEAKER_07]
No, my attorney talked to their attorney and found out that that's what they had done.
And their attorney proudly said that, you know, they did.
And my attorneys, you know, found out none of those patients would testify because they had covid and they recovered.
And quickly, I mean, one patient 24 hours and she's like, wow, I feel like I had an elephant lifted off.

[SPEAKER_08]
You know, it's too bad that the patients didn't say, yes, I'll testify against Dr. Cole.
And then when they got to the hearing, then they could say, oh, you know, it was marvelous.
He was marvelous.
He's the best physician I've ever, you know, to have that at the hearing and to have the tables turned on them.
I think that would be just so
you know, poetic justice for what these guys are doing.

[SPEAKER_07]
It would have been.
Yeah, I know Pierre Corey was one of my expert witnesses on my behalf and he just astounded them with data and they didn't have a response other than, well, he's been discredited in the media.
He just gave you guys an entire book he wrote.
And again, they don't want to hear facts.
They don't want to hear data.
When do you think this is going to turn around?

[SPEAKER_08]
What's your personal guess?

[SPEAKER_07]
Gosh, I think we're getting there.
If you look at the booster uptake, I think people are
I think people are waking up.
I still wish more people would speak about it, but I think this year's the year.
I think we're gonna make progress.
I think we've made a lot of progress, but I think we will continue to do so.
The fact that certain pharmacies aren't even giving the boosters anymore, like we were discussing pre-show, I think there's good signs that
The public is aware of the dangers, the harms, the sudden deaths, the strange diseases, the uptick and other infections due to immune suppression, et cetera.
I think I'm hopeful that the public is awakened.
You know, are government officials awake?
Some of them, but not as many as we would like.
Here in Idaho, here's some good news.
We have three counties.
We've been doing testimony.
Me, Dr. McCullough, Dr. Wiseman, Dr. Rose, a bunch of other docs.
And three counties have put out declarations to their citizens that they strongly recommend against mRNA shots for their citizens in their counties.
So we're starting at the grassroots level and moving upward.
So at the grassroots level, we are making progress.
And we don't have a national push for it because of the corruption within our agencies.
But on the street level, hey, there are counties and officials that know what's going on, and they're acting on behalf of their citizens.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.
So I'm curious, why would you be pursued in Washington
You live in and practice in Idaho, right?

[SPEAKER_07]
So yeah, well, in Washington or what's the it's fascinating because there's this despicable human being who's the CEO of our local St. Luke's Hospital named David Pate.
He doesn't even have an Idaho license.
And he made millions upon millions of dollars during COVID as the COVID czar for the hospital system.
He was the sole individual in collusion with the local newspaper that filed a complaint against my license against me with the American Board of Pathology and joined them to complain against me.
College of American Pathology took my fellowship away without a hearing, blah, blah, blah.
So this one individual has a vendetta because
And somehow I seemed to be the most powerful man in the state of Idaho and Washington in terms of people listening to me.
And so it was his personal vendetta to try to attack me.
At the time, I had, I don't know, 10, 11, 12 state licenses that were active.
And they were the only state that would even honor it.
The other states were like, this is free speech.
There's nothing we can do to make a call.
And so wherever I had a license, he went after me.

[SPEAKER_08]
Wow, this guy's got it out for you, huh?

[SPEAKER_07]
Well, he does.
He trained down in Houston, probably one of Hotez's buddies.
Who knows?
I don't know that for sure.

[SPEAKER_08]
So he probably can't get him on a VSRF show for an interview.

[SPEAKER_07]
I would highly doubt it.
I mean, the court sure enjoyed his hearsay, but
or the kangaroo court, it was an administrative court.
But, you know, that's why it's just one person that didn't like what I was saying because it probably threatened the bottom line of the kajillions of dollars of COVID funds the hospital would get instead of, you know, helping people outpatient.
He wanted them to, who knows?

[SPEAKER_05]
I don't know.

[SPEAKER_07]
But so whatever, you know, water off a duck's back.
I just look at it and go, hey, I'm going to live life.
I'm going to keep telling the truth no matter what.

[SPEAKER_08]
So you mentioned sudden deaths earlier.
What do you think the
Uh, you know, most people are really bad at tracking this stuff, you know, and they're gaslit into thinking like people will go on to, onto X and they'll post something like, well, sudden deaths have always happened and you're just noticing it now because it's kind of a, uh, a thing, but it's always been happening and it's been happening at the same rate.
And all of those athlete deaths, uh, that died suddenly, those have happened before.
You just kind of never.
realized it because now you're just more aware.
What do you think the number of sudden deaths is?
after the shots versus before the shots rolled out?
What do you think the increase has been?

[SPEAKER_07]
It depends on the nation and the age groups, but the actuarial data doesn't lie.
And I think that's where a doubt delving into some of the insurance company data has been important.
Certain nations are running, you know, six, eight, 10% above average in terms of expected deaths in the younger age cohorts.
And it's still persisting.
That's what's concerning to me.
You may have better data than I do at the moment, but in certain age cohorts, the excess deaths are well above average, and the sudden deaths
Yeah, we're noticing it more and you look at Sergeant Fizer's lonely heart clot band and the number of famous media people that have suddenly passed and people are like, well, it was anything but the vaccine.
But now that we know how long that spike protein from the vaccine can persist in the body from Dr. Brognes study and so many other factors in terms of
Is it contaminated DNA?
Is it within the shots causing other metabolic problems?
There's continuing to be excess death above average and sudden deaths above expected average, plain and simple.

[SPEAKER_08]
and only started happening after the vaccines rolled out for that age group.

[SPEAKER_07]
Rick, there was really no excess death during the COVID year before the shots rolled out.
If you look at the numbers, it was expected respiratory death rates pretty much around the world.
Then you look at Denis Rancourt's data out of Canada, and I met with him, let's see, in Croatia, and
his team, and they've done astounding data sets showing the excess deaths after the rollout of the shots.
And if the numbers are real, the shots could have accounted for up to 17 million excess deaths.
The one thing you can't hide is death in terms of the data sets around the world.
I mean, death is death and you look at average numbers per population and then you look at what happened after the rollout of the shots and it's pretty astounding.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, I'll be publishing a Substack.
I hope later today.
I've been working around the clock on this one.
I haven't published a Substack on some data for a while now.
And the reason is because I've been focusing on the US Medicare data and also the New Zealand data, which confirms that.
And what the data is showing is that there's a sort of constant rise of deaths.
It's not this, you don't see this day zero death like you do if you take the flu shot or if you take the pneumococcal vaccine, for example, both of those have day zero deaths, but COVID vaccine does it, which really, really surprised me because there are a lot of anaphylaxis cases
Uh, after the COVID vaccine.
Uh, but what we see is that the, uh, mortality rate just goes off and marches upwards.
And it doesn't matter if the mortality is falling mortality.
If you got the COVID is upwards.
And if mortality is rising because of seasonality, it's rising even more if you got the COVID shot.
And it looks like it's sustained for at least two years after you got the shot.
that you have this increase, and then it starts going down.
And we were talking before the show on a kid who was, I think, was 29 years old, and he had the 10th largest heart ever seen by the person doing the autopsy.
And that 29-year-old was vaccinated basically two and a half years ago.
And, and now his heart was so large that he died in his sleep.
Now a 20, 29 year old dying in their sleep, like,
When was that a thing?
Like, have you ever heard of that before the COVID shots rolled out?
Did you ever hear of a 29-year-old or a 23-year-old dying in their sleep?

[SPEAKER_07]
Very rarely and it's usually in asthmatics that I've seen that in my career where they'll have an asthma attack in their sleep and they have, you know, a long history of some underlying condition like that.
It was interesting early on after the rollout of the shots, I had one autopsy I reviewed out of another state, and the individual was a triathlete and passed away, he's a 50-year-old exceedingly healthy athlete.
And the thing that the pathologist in that state had noted on autopsy was dilated heart.
And there was a Moderna study early on in mice that showed within just a few weeks, the heart just ballooning in size.
And, you know, when someone's in their sleep, as you go into your waking hours and your cortisol starts to rise in the morning, your cortisol is highest in the morning, you know, as the cortisol goes up, your heart starts to beat faster.
And someone with a dilated cardiomyopathy
that catecholamine release and whatnot, you can end up stressing the heart.
And if you have a ballooned heart like that, the amount of blood it can pump goes down precipitously.
So I've seen it in some post-vaccine cases.
And, you know, it's tragic.
Early on, Dr. Gill, when he published his article in the archives of pathology on the two teenagers that had passed, again, they died in their sleep as well.
So this is where some of those sudden unexpected deaths are occurring, is as you go to sleep, your cortisol level is the lowest, and then as the heart gets the morning stress upon it, you end up
being at that break point where that heart can no longer function properly.
You go into an arrhythmia and then pass, unfortunately.
So it happens.

[SPEAKER_08]
Did it ever happen from COVID, right?
Because this guy was diagnosed as having enlarged heart, myocarditis.
Did you ever see a case of a under 30 dying in their sleep before the COVID vaccines rolled out?

[SPEAKER_07]
No.

[SPEAKER_08]
How many have you heard of?
How many have you heard of since?
Oh, lots.
Like 10, 20, 30?
More than counting.
More than 30?
Oh, me personally?

[SPEAKER_07]
Well, just reading through the literature on the number of case reports here and there.
I mean, there have been lots after the rollout of the shots.
But of course, they will never attribute it to the shot.

[SPEAKER_08]
Of course, it's safe and effective.
Have you ever heard of any success cases for the vaccine where you went in a hospital, suddenly their cases, after the vaccines rolled out, the code blues dropped precipitously, the admissions in summer dropped by a factor of four.
Have you ever heard of a hospital that is a success case
for the covid shots because i've never seen anything like on cnn or new york times or whatever i mean you never see anything on on the mainstream media talking about hey after the vaccines rolled out everything it's like a ghost town in our hospital

[SPEAKER_07]
Well, I mean, why do we still have COVID with us?
Because the shots didn't work.
And of course, this claim, well, it decreases severity and hospitalization and death.
Well, show me the double-blinded placebo-controlled trial showing that.
Of course, there is none.
And that's why the clock crossed over the placebo group early on in the trial so they could hire information.
And if you read, I mean, there was a study that just came out today on
metabolic disorders in muscle in quote long COVID.
But of course, in that study, they don't give the vaccine status either and showing abnormal folded proteins, amyloids between muscle fibers and the metabolic dysfunction of muscle.
But in any study that you try to search through, they would never give you the vaccination status.
And so no hospital can make that claim because most of them have irrelevant data.
We were discussing
You know, Angela brought up in your previous interview with Nurse McCray, which is a great interview, bringing up the fact that the the hospital coding systems made it very difficult for you to document the vaccine status.
And they did that intentionally to hide things.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.
So let me are you Angela, are you here to switch over?
Because I want to make sure I.

[SPEAKER_05]
No, I actually wanted to see, we have a few minutes left with Dr. Cole and then we'll have him back for a Q&A at the end.
But Dr. Cole, what are your, we know that you're so health conscious and you take such good care of yourself and your patients and your friends, and you've always given us great advice on our team.
What are your favorite things to do to stay healthy?
And maybe mitigate the effects if you have been vaccinated, whether you're injured or not, what are your favorite things to do to stay healthy and stay resilient and be-

[SPEAKER_07]
I think, you know me, humor, laughter is the best medicine.
And I think physical wellness starts with mental wellness.
If you're going to get into a program to improve your physical health, you have to start with a mindset that will lead you there.
So keeping the mind focused on the good of life, you know, entertaining yourself with creativity, with hobbies, with community, with friends, and then you can focus on the dietary things.
You know, Steve and I talked about that a long time ago, and Steve did some lifestyle changes, lost some weight, improved his health.
I went keto years ago, and I'm not saying everybody needs to go keto, but when I did, I lost 46 pounds 14 years ago, and I've kept it off for 14 years.
And get outside, move your body.
It's the new year, everyone's like, oh, I'm going to go to the gym three days a week, this, that, and the other.
Well, if you're not doing anything right now, move for five minutes.
Don't force yourself to move for an hour.
And then the next week, move for 10 minutes or move for 15 minutes.
Do simple things.
ease yourself into something and you'll stick with it, forming a habit that way.
Forming good habits.
When you eat food, if you can't read the ingredients and understand what they are, it's probably not food.
I like to say, you know, we hear you are what you eat.
Well, that's not true.
You are what you eat
Eight.
All life is a sponge or a straw.
So you're sticking your straw into a sponge that stuck its straw into a sponge that stuck its straw into a sponge.
So know where your food comes from.
Is it chemicals or is it real food?
And so being conscientious of that is important.
And
Again, I think one of the easiest ways to stay healthy and well is to, again, have good community and support.
Have a wingman, a wingwoman, somebody that's your friend that's going to keep you on a path to health.
Find a good practitioner.
I know it's hard in this day and age that's going to guide you or be a coach on your health journey if you need one.
So those are kind of some of the basic things.
And of course, you're going to hear me say vitamin D, vitamin D, vitamin D, because
You know, here we are in the low vitamin D season.
Make sure you're taking your vitamin K2 and your magnesium as well.
But those are just the simple basics.
But it all starts with a good mindset.
It starts with laughter.
It starts with just having an optimistic approach to who you are as an individual.
And I always say the best doctor you will ever meet is here right now.
And it's not me.
It's you.
Look in the mirror.
You can be your own best doctor if you choose to.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, that's great advice.
I mean, I always tell people getting plenty of rest, decreasing stress, anything that can alleviate inflammation, because inflammation is the root of all evil.
So cutting out sugar, eating, like you said, foods that are not processed.
Make sure they're whole foods.
Try and shop the grocery stores, the periphery.
Don't go in the middle.
Shop the outside of the grocery store.
Eat organic if you can.
during the winter seasons, make a good bone broth with organic bones to really nurture your gut.
And eating clean and like you said, meaningful relationships is huge.
If you're happy and you find meaning in life, people tend to live longer and get outside and move.
Go smell the roses, look at the trees, hear the birds, ground yourself, get out in the sunshine.
And come to experts like us when you need health questions, but don't obsess over the internet and what you read.
Stay off social media.
Those are my tips for a healthy, healthy new year.
And we'll bring you back, Dr. Cole.
I'm going to bring in Dr. Huber.
You can stay with us because I know she'd love to chat with you as well.
I'm just going to introduce her here quickly.
I'd like to welcome
Dr. Huber authored the largest and longest study in medical history on sugar intake in cancer patients.
Her other writings include her 2007 book, Choose Your Foods Like Your Life Depends on Them, and her more recent titles, The Defeat of COVID, 500 Medical Studies Show What Works and What Doesn't Work.
I actually love this book.
I have it here.
I have several of your books.
And the other one that is
a great book, you know, very sad for me to read, but your book called neither safe nor effective that has vaccine injured in there, the evidence against the COVID vaccines.
And we'll put the links to those books in the chat.
Dr. Huber has also treated patients who were injured by the COVID injections and offers a number of natural medicine strategies to treat spike induced diseases, which we will get to hear more about today.
Welcome, Dr. Huber.
It's so great to see you.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thank you so much, Angela.
I hope you can still hear me well.
And it's really a pleasure in the New Year to join you, Steve, again, and Dr. Cole.
What an honor to be amongst you.
So I have to second everything that you and Dr. Cole just said about promoting one's own health and maintaining one's own health.
I do have some ideas for some other thoughts that haven't yet been mentioned.
So I'd like to hear it.
Okay.
I prepared a number of slides to lay the basis of why I want to make some arguments for some other interventions that we might consider as far as staying healthy.
So I think if you like, I can share my screen, but I may need some help.
Ah, there we go.
Okay.
And let's see, how's that looking?
Does it say COVID shots and cancer, some nutritional strategies?

[SPEAKER_08]
Uh-oh.
Coming up.

[SPEAKER_04]
OK. We're working on that.
Bear with me just a moment.
Window?
Yeah, window.
That should be good.
And?
How about now?
OK, perfect.
So yeah, let's consider some nutritional strategies.
First, I want to talk about the basement membrane.
Now, the basement membrane is kind of an interface between the vascular, the blood vessels, and our tissues, our connective tissues.
When it comes to cancer, that's either a key bulwark
of protecting against cancer or it's a major vulnerability.
Now what I mean by that is because it forms that barrier, if that barrier is degraded or what they call remodeled, it enables tumors to reach blood vessels.
Now once cancer cells reach blood vessels,
They're off and running.
They're carried off and delivered to distant organs, and that creates a problem.
We call it invasion and metastasis.
So here's a picture of how that happens.
Thanks to this article in Nature and the Novikov article giving this diagram, here's a tumor sitting on top of a basement membrane, but it chewed its way right on through.
It just ate its way right on down there, and these pink strands of the extracellular matrix, it ate its way through that as well, and on into the other basement membrane, getting into the vascular endothelium of the nearest blood vessel.
Okay, now it's on the nearest blood vessel.
May as well have popped that letter right into the mailbox, because the Postal Service will take it just about anywhere, kind of, so to speak, if that is... No stamp required.
Yes, unfortunately, no stamp required.
So cancer cells kind of busily prepare their new home.
Remember, we know about cancer that it acts in its own best interest.
It does not act in the interest of the organism.
It acts to further its own ends.
So it changes a normal tissue microenvironment into an environment conducive to tumors.
But how does it do that?
It's a process that sort of exploits a person's vulnerabilities.
Wherever you're weak, wherever that basement membrane is weak, that's where it's gonna go.
That's where the next metastasis will appear, most likely, and closest, of course, to an original tumor.
So we see it getting down into the bloodstream and then chewing its way on through the other side.
But how does it do that?
It does it by proteolysis.
Now, what that means is simply enzymes that chew up proteins.
These take a number of forms.
And this is a list that we probably don't want to get into too much detail.
Matrix metalloproteinases, disintegrans.
You know, that's exactly what it sounds like.
It disintegrates or degrades the integrity of something, our tissues.
Namely, proteinase plasmid, it's a major proteinase.
Okay, well anyway, enough of that.
But it also, these enzymes that chew up our proteins, chew up the stuff that we're made of, it's also going to degrade the extracellular matrix.
So cancer cells have to squeeze through a little space, a little pore of seven microns to be able to migrate through that extracellular matrix and get where it's going next.
If the basement membrane is strong, if we keep it resilient, then this invasion is thwarted.
And I would argue, I would propose that this is one of our strongest defenses against cancer.
Not only.
against the metastasis, taking a stage one through a stage four cancer.
But also, even for cancer getting established in the first place, I would argue the strong basement membrane is one of our best defenses.
So, and if we keep the extracellular matrix strong as well, then this invasion is thwarted.
By the way, on this slide, you see up in the upper left, you see collagen.
Collagen four network, collagen one fibrils.
What's that all about?
Let's look into that.
So our strategy is, so how do we keep both the extracellular matrix strong and the basement membrane strong?
Now that, I would say, is a major goal of nutritional repair and reversal of the cancer process.
So whether COVID vaccinated or not, when we are threatened with cancer, these are some considerations that I would like us to keep in mind.
Now, okay, it seems like I'm going to jump around a bit.
But we also had planned a little bit for me to talk about heart injuries.
I'm going to bring these two together, where a common strategy can help against both the threat of cancer and the threat of myocarditis, cardiomyopathy, sudden cardiac arrest and death, as well as cancer, what that has in common.
So let me jump around a little bit
if you will.
I want to talk about cardiomyocytes.
These are the basic functional units of the heart.
They are cells that provide the contractile power of the heartbeat.
If you'll look at this scanning electron micrograph, you'll see they're rather thin and they're long.
So these long, thin rectangles serve to have maximum contraction lengthwise.
And this is very useful because it enables that enormously strong contraction
of the heart where it has to pump blood up and out through the aorta.
So these cells have the feature of high mitochondrial density.
Now what does that mean?
The mitochondria are units of energy production.
So then we get a high ATP.
Now ATP is specifically the unit of currency of energy in our bodies, so to speak.
So that makes it resistant to fatigue.
So these cardiomyocytes, through both function, content, and structure, they're well positioned to carry out the beats of the heart.
They're perfectly positioned for that.
So, how can we support that?
The support for the cardiomyocytes, the framework that we need to offer to them to get their job done is collagen.
Collagen is the lattice.
And Bowers and Meng found that defective type 1 collagen in the heart leads to cardiomyopathy, fibroblast expansion, and cardiac fibrosis, some conditions that we don't want.
So you see on the left of this diagram, you see organized collagen-1 matrix, nice framework, holding those cardiomyocytes together and in place.
But if we have a disordered one, such as on the right, they're going to be stressed, those cardiomyocytes.
And collagen is the lattice, the extracellular matrix in the healthy heart.
It's a 3D matrix, and it holds those cells, those cardiomyocytes, and the capillaries that nourish them, the capillaries that bring them nutrients.
It holds all that together in a way that makes it easier for the cardiomyocytes to do their work.
So I've told patients many times over the years, collagen is the bricks and mortar that we're made of.
The tensile strength, that mesh arrangement of the collagen, it surrounds and it connects these cells, these cardiomyocytes with each other.
So collagen is supposed to be the lattice.
Now, if we have, on the other hand, disorganized collagen, then it creates too much stress and it makes them hypertrophic.
We saw, as you were mentioning earlier, the tenth largest heart at a coroner had ever seen in a 29-year-old who died suddenly after some of the COVID vaccines.
So we get hypertrophy both on the macroscopic level, visible, say, on imaging, say, magnetic resonance of cardiac magnetic resonance, and or we see it on the cellular level, the hypertrophic cardiomyocytes.
In other words, the cells themselves are getting too big.
The remaining ones are too stressed out.
See, what happens is, as
as has been explained about myocarditis and what happens to it is if cardiomyocytes die, they are replaced by fibrotic tissue, tissue that is basically non-functional.
It's just not doing anything.
But the problem is that when there are fewer cardiomyocytes, they're more burdened.
They're sort of doing the work that their ex-coworkers can no longer help them do.
So now fewer cardiomyocytes have to do the same job of making that same heartbeat
OK, so how are we going to support them?
I would propose to you that vitamin C is essential to build collagen.
It is not a luxury.
It is a necessity.
And while we're here looking at the vitamin C molecule, I want to point something out.
You see these moieties are all around it, OH, or a Santa Claus saying ho, ho, ho, depending on how you choose to read it.
Anyway, OH is negatively charged.
Vitamin C, ascorbic acid, has a lot of electrons to offer.
As such, it's an antioxidant.
That antioxidant is going to prove useful as we go along.
So the heart is mostly type 1 and type 3 collagen.
If you look at the left side, you see this strong, ropey structure.
That's the strong collagen, giving the support that we need.
Type 1 collagen is very thick and it produces durable scaffolding for our tissue.
Type 3 collagen is thinner, less durable.
It's perhaps more the finer tuning of the support, the lattice, the structure that the cardiomyocytes need to rest in.
So unlike cardiomyocyte turnover, collagen turnover is faster.
We make and we degrade collagen continually.
Now I would argue that we can use that fact to our advantage.
If collagen can be replaced and built up, why don't we go to the trouble of doing so, you know?
Why don't we make that extra effort to build collagen as needed?
Collagen provides both elasticity and support throughout the cardiac cycle.
The reason that's important is you remember that cardiomyocyte photo that I showed you at the beginning, the very long, thin, rectangular type cell that, because of its shape, provides maximum contractile potential along its length.
Well, all of that contracting and expanding needs elasticity to support it.
So that structure, that scaffolding of collagen, it can't be rigid.
It's got to flow, be supple and elastic, and support these cells throughout the cardiac cycle.
A cardiac cycle, by the way, is the entire amount of time and the events that occur from one heartbeat to the next.
Um, yeah, vitamin C is not a luxury.
It is necessary to build collagen, all types of collagen.
There are about 30 types in the body.
I was reading recently the eye has several types alone and, and the eye, uh, but anyway, that's neither here nor there.
Okay.
So lysine and proline, these are amino acids, and they are cofactors with vitamin C for collagen production.
If you have those three, you're building pre-pro collagen, builds pro collagen, then you get to actual collagen.
By the way, I'm not talking about drinking bovine collagen, you know, cow collagen.
If you drink that, that's fine.
You know, shake a smoothie with that.
But it's going to be broken up.
that collagen into basic amino acids.
Those basic amino acids are building blocks through which we then build human collagen.
So the vitamin C and the lysine and the proline are a bit of more direct route for that.
Now, what happens when you don't have collagen?
Okay, here is a photo from 1794, a naval battle between, we see the British flag, the French flag, I think the Italian flag might be there,
toward the end of the French Revolution, and scurvy was the disease.
that made the limey sailor's gums bleed.
So that was later partly healed with limes, hence their name, the limeys.
It showed up first in the deteriorating gums of the sailors.
So they had bleeding gums.
And then, you know, just storing some citrus on board of the ship seemed to be able to give them access to, you know, help alleviate that problem to a great extent.
Scurvy, by the way, is the name for vitamin C deficiency.
So it turns out the heart uses even more vitamin C than usual when it is stressed.
So we find that 24 hours after a bypass surgery, the measurable vitamin C plummets by 70%.
So what that's referring to is the vitamin C that's in the blood is now not there so much anymore.
Where did it go?
It went to the heart.
Why?
Because the heart needs to rebuild itself.
What does it rebuild itself with?
What are the bricks and mortar it has to use in order to do that rebuilding?
Vitamin C to build that collagen.
So that's why it disappeared from the blood.
It was on its way to the heart.
Vitamin C is essential in wound repair.
So now vitamin C is water soluble.
And that means the plasma concentration in minutes is measurably going down pretty quickly.
So this is a bit of a deceptive graph because the x-axis, the time axis is logarithmic.
So we see that it's pretty much gone in 480 minutes.
So divide that by 60, you get eight hours that vitamin C is going way down in the body.
Now I want to compare that for a moment to vitamin D, for example, which is oil soluble.
So the plasma concentration there, we can see in hours.
It looks like it's going down quickly.
The deceptive part of this is
That's not a logarithmic x-axis, it's just linear.
Anyway, it turns out 150 hours is about when the vitamin D is gone.
So that's 8 hours for vitamin C being mostly gone, and that's 150 hours for vitamin D. The vitamin D stays with us a little longer, and you have a little bit more luxury if you've got to take it today.
Where do we get vitamin C?
Molecules such as flavonoids tend to protect
the rather fragile nature of the antioxidant aspect of vitamin C. Antioxidant means that vitamin C is rich in electrons.
Electrons are a hot commodity.
Everybody wants them.
Electrons can accomplish much in the body.
They drive the electron transport chain of the mitochondria.
So everybody wants electrons.
It's good to have them.
But because they're easily given away, that antioxidant, which was chemically reduced for him,
it just oxidizes easily on exposure to air, et cetera.
So the flavonoid molecules tend to protect antioxidants and keep them in the chemically reduced form or keep them with their electron-rich status.
So flavonoids in foods that might be helpful, flavonols include kale, lettuce, tomatoes, apples, grapes, berries, garlic.
Flavones, a lot of these green leafy vegetables, hot peppers and green olives,
flavanones, the citrus fruits I mentioned, and the last one on the list, anthocyanins are very deeply pigmented cranberries, blackcurrants, red grapes, merlot grapes, raspberries, etc.
Blueberries, bilberries, and blackberries.
These are very heavily pigmented plant foods that are rich in flavonoids.
So, and you get a lot of bang for the buck with those, I would think.
because flavonoids are high in these foods, but sugar, not as much as in other fruits.
So, you know, it's probably worthwhile to have those foods with the anthocyanins in them.
Here are some vitamin C foods, things that you might not expect ordinarily.
There are Brussels sprouts there.
There's bell pepper.
Bell pepper is very high in vitamin C. Strawberries are high in vitamin C.
Strawberries, unfortunately, have a lot of pesticides applied, you know, because they're right down there on the ground where everything from the mice to the bugs can enjoy them.
And so pesticides tend to be applied rather generously on strawberries.
And you want to maybe look for organic there.
But anyway, there's a photo of some vitamin C foods.
Ester molecules also protect vitamin C molecule from oxidation.
The mitochondria, I wanna talk about that a little bit.
The mitochondria are units of energy production, and we have thousands of them inside healthy cells.
By the way, cancer cells tend to have few, and we can thicken mitochondria.
So here are some structures and functions.
I don't wanna get into this in too much detail, and I've done a lot of videos on my website, cancer and biochemistry videos are on our site, natureworksbest.com.
But anyway, here's another view of the mitochondria.
Even though this looks rather busy and detailed, still this is just a general overview and far from complete detail.
But in general, you see that there's a runner running at the bottom of this figure because he is using the ATP that has been produced by all these activities going on in the mitochondria.
That oval circle near the top, that's the Krebs cycle, the infamous Krebs cycle or citric acid cycle.
Electron transport chain runs down on the left and oxidative phosphorylation, okay.
But let's zoom in and go to another vitamin, B5.
B5 helps, or pantothenic acid, or dexpanthenol, it's an essential component of CoA.
So what is that?
That's an enzyme that gives rise to acetyl-CoA, succinyl-CoA, malonyl-CoA, these are all intermediates used in the Krebs cycle or cetric acid cycle.
Anyway,
Vitamin B5, in other words, is necessary to get our mitochondria moving, to get it to creating the energy that we need, to giving the support to the cardiomyocytes that have been threatened, not only by being few in number, because some of them got turned to fibrotic tissue, but
for maybe not always getting enough nutritional support.
So then vitamin B5 is there to help the mitochondria in order to help the cardiomyocytes.
So vitamin B5 is involved in that first step into the mitochondria after carbohydrate metabolism.
So right after glycolysis, that's what we call the carbohydrate metabolism.
Okay, then it gets into a lot of detail, but anyway.
When the heart suffers ischemia, so there's a loss of blood to some of the heart tissue, very often caused by some embolism coming along and getting stuck there, vitamin B5 gets depleted and gets depleted in the bloodstream.
That is, we're not finding it in the blood so much.
Why?
It also went to the site where it's needed.
The vitamin B5 went along with the vitamin C to that heart to help repair it, to repair it from injury.
And also, well, here's some
B complex foods, generally meat, fish, eggs.
Dr. Cole had mentioned a keto diet, very rich in these particular foods, where these particular foods come in really helpful for the B complex.
When I say B complex, I'm talking about B5.
B2 and B3 are also really helpful early on in the mitochondria pathway, but I didn't want to get into all that.
I do want to mention one last nutrient, and that's CoQ10, because CoQ10
It's actually chemically a wax, so it's oil soluble.
Anyway, it imparts more resilience to the heart.
It increases tolerance of treadmill exercise, this one study found.
Now, but heart disease depletes CoQ10, but the really vicious cycle, the problem there is the heart urgently needs CoQ10 to repair heart disease.
So three or four patients with heart disease have low CoQ10.
And so you're going to need your CoQ10 to help repair a heart that's been jeopardized.
And so I think this CoQ10 is a very important consideration as well.
in italics and bold at the bottom, I wrote, beware of statins.
I would like to disclose that my personal total cholesterol is close to 300, and that's where I want it.
Technically, I'm in my senior years, and I'm very active in sports, and I have all the energy I need.
I just move around all day without a problem.
I don't have any chronic disease.
Now, let me knock on a little bit of wood there, but I am glad
that I'm not on any statins because statins decrease your ability or interfere with the CoQ10 pathway.
So that you have less CoQ10 if you have statins.
And you know, it's interfering with your ability to make cholesterol.
Cholesterol is a necessary substrate, necessary precursor of making your own vitamin D when you are out in the sun.
So this is one reason I think people ought to really think very carefully
before taking a statin drug or before continuing a statin drug, I have to, you know, put out the caution.
There's a CoQ10 molecule.
Okay, so let's go into our strategy.
I think the strategy should be preserve cardiomyocytes.
Why?
Because they are very slow to replace.
At 15 years of age, we replace 5% of them per year.
At 60 years of age, we replace only half a percent per year.
So if we were frozen in time at age 60, we'd need about 200 years to replace all of our cardiomyocytes in the heart.
And that would, you know,
take care of things nicely, but 200 years is a bit of a luxury.
I don't think we have it.
So the additional and replacement cardiomyocytes tend not to have the ability to repair the heart so much after injury.
So our strategy after COVID vaccination needs to be this, protect and strengthen what we do have, you know?
Okay, before I get into that, strengthen what we do have.
In other words, use the collagen to build that lattice, that scaffolding, that framework that the cardiomyocytes rely on.
Use the vitamin C and the vitamin B5 to help nourish the heart with what it needs when it's stressed, the CoQ10 as well.
That's what I would think would be priorities.
But I want to, is it okay if I talk about one botanical strategy?
Would that be all right with everybody?
Thank you.
There is one herb that really strikes me more than any other particular herb in botanical medicine that I'd like you to consider along with me.
Leonorous cardiaca is Latin for mother word, the English of that.
It's a perennial herb.
It generally grows at a high altitude, about 7,000 feet above sea level.
You'll see it near Ponderosa pine.
It looks like that at a little bit of a distance and it looks like this close up.
So I just want to summarize what it can do to really be useful, I believe.
to the COVID-vaccinated heart.
Here's a list, and I want to go through each one of the lists just briefly.
It reduces angiotensin to mediate damage to the heart.
It's a nervine, which means it's calming and antispasmodic in nature.
This is how it's been observed by herbalists over the centuries working with this particular herb.
It's a negative inotrope.
So what does that mean?
An inotrope measures the force of each ventricular contraction, the force with which we have heart pumped up through the aorta.
So if it's a negative inotrope, it's kind of calming down the force of each heartbeat.
That might be useful in a crisis situation.
Crisis situation like Dr. Cole was talking about, the catecholamines, the cortisol surging at times of stress, you know, perhaps early in the morning, right before awakening.
Maybe it'd be useful to have a little bit of a calming effect there.
It's got flavonoids, so then it's got that antioxidant effect.
Leonor's has been observed to be heart strengthening, but not stimulating.
At least that's how herbalists have described it over the years.
And I think most useful, it preserves the viability of cardiomyocytes, and I'm gonna cite a study for you that shows that.
Leonurin is a phytochemical, that is one of the many, each plant has thousands of plant chemicals, but one that's been isolated and observed and studied and standardized has been Leonurin.
And that was found to reduce angiotensin II mediated damage to the heart.
It was found to do this by two mechanisms.
One, by inhibiting nuclear factor kappa B pathway, and also by inhibiting NADPH.
Okay, these are just two biochemicals involved in inflammation.
So, leonurine from Leonuris was found to reduce this kind of damage to the heart, no matter, by these two mechanisms.
All right, this is rather a busy slide, sorry.
And it's a little, okay, I want to skip this bit, but because it does that, it reduces inflammation and fibrosis.
Now, if you consider what spike proteins do, okay, now whether we have COVID or whether we have the COVID vaccine, the mRNA vaccines generating new spike proteins, the spike proteins bind ACE2 receptors and they bind rather tightly.
So what this does, it reduces available ACE2.
that has the effect of increasing angiotensin II.
All right, all I mean by that, and I didn't mean to get into so much technical detail, is that angiotensin II causes inflammation of hyperosis.
So these spike proteins create that problem.
However, looking at the right side of the slide, Leonor's was found to reduce the angiotensin II mediated damage to the heart.
And those are some studies where that was found.
Leonor's is also thought to have that negative inotropic effect, and it lowers the left ventricular pressure.
So the heart is not just slamming that, you know, that blood on through the aorta, but rather a little bit calmer in its effect.
So this seems less well established, but it does seem to have a bit of a calcium channel blocker effect.
You know, those drugs that are used for high blood pressure, you might, you know, think of Diltiazem, Amlodipine, Norvasc.
drugs like that.
Okay, Leonoris has the antioxidants, so that increases the mitochondrial metabolism, and that can help heal the heart, and that's been shown in this particular study.
But here, I think, is the take-home slide of all the slides that I have to offer you, and this is the one I'd like to close on, if I may.
Leonorous helps to preserve cardiomyocytes.
That was found in the study that improved the viability of damaged cardiomyocytes.
And I think this information could be very useful to those who have had COVID vaccines.
And it turned out that that was the case, whether the damage was from
caused by oxygen deprivation or whether it was caused by chemotherapy.
Now, when I say chemotherapy, you know, some cancer patients fed the drug called the Red Devil and, you know, we have some cardio toxic chemotherapy drugs out there.
So I don't mean me.
I mean, I don't use them, prescribe them or anything, but they exist.
So when that damage was caused by a couple of different causes,
Leonuris was shown to improve the viability of those cardiomyocytes, even after some damage.
And I think that might be useful information for the COVID vaccinated person.
So I think I'd like to stop sharing at this moment, if that's all right.
Oh, and then I need to get back to, uh,
Was that escape?
Thank you so much.

[SPEAKER_05]
While you're doing that, we're going to do some audience questions now.
Remember to write your questions in the Rumble chat with a header question so it's easy for our team to spot them.
And again, if you're able to make a donation with your question via Rumble, click on the Rumble Rants and we'll prioritize those questions to show our appreciation.
The first question I actually have, I've got so many, is for Dr. Ryan Cole.
This is coming from Timmy.
Is there any pathology work done with samples from patients who truly died from COVID, demonstrating a different staining pattern for spike and nucleocapsid than vax deaths?

[SPEAKER_07]
Oh, absolutely.
That's one of the early pathology studies that Dr. Burkhart pioneered prior to his passing.
Now, interestingly, the virus has a lot of proteins, the spike protein itself,
is an individual protein.
So staining for one and excluding the presence of the other was one of the early ways to tease out is the death only from the vaccine, from spike protein itself, or from a viral infection.
So excluding nucleocapsid was one of the important aspects.
Dr. Burkhart's initial series showed that very strongly.
And there were patients four months, five months after their last shot that had tissues just doused in spike protein.
And so what we're working on now is genetic sequence studies because what we hypothesize is we're going to find fragmented proteins that aren't full spike protein either depositing
So yes, is the short answer to Timmy.
That's a great question.
And is there more research to be done?
Absolutely.
I also want to, while I have the chance, compliment Dr. Huber on that excellent presentation.
And I was waiting for that vitamin C punchline at college.
And I want to bring up another point that Dr. Burkhart
brought up in Brussels right before his passing.
And that was disruption of elastic fibers after vaccination.
And I know some vaccine-injured patients seem to feel like they're aging faster.
And elastic fibers hold your tissues together as well as collagen.
They're a supporting matrix.
And again, very proline-rich, glycine-rich, amino acid-rich.
And what he showed in his last series he had done prior to his passing was the disruption of those elastic fibers, which I have a case series of three aortic ruptures that were vaccine related.
He had a case series of five that were vaccine related.
And once those elastic fibers and those collagen fibers start to fall apart, then you lose the integrity of your blood vessels, you lose the integrity of your organs.
So, I mean, what Dr. Huber brings up there is critically important in terms of supporting your body with adequate nutrition to maintain the integrity of basically the matrix fibers of your body holding all your organs and vessels together.

[SPEAKER_08]
Is there something that you need to supplement that people should be supplementing with?
Or, you know, if you have a good diet, are you okay?
In other words, should you supplement with vitamin C?
Should you supplement with Leonorous?
Should you supplement like what are the things that you that Ryan that you actually supplement with?

[SPEAKER_07]
Well, vitamin C is an interesting one.
I take it every day.
I take a slow release vitamin C because Dr. Huber is absolutely right.
It's a water-soluble vitamin, and so it clears reasonably quickly.
It will bioaccumulate, especially in your pituitary gland, your adrenals, your brain, your liver.
You absorb it in the distal end of your small intestine, the ilium, and you can also absorb some in the kidney.
Now, I say take vitamin C to what we call bowel tolerance, because some people have more transporter proteins to get vitamin C across the gut lining.
And other people don't.
So if you take too much vitamin C, your stool will get very loose, or you can get diarrhea.
And then you taper it back to the dose that you can tolerate.
I take about 3,000 milligrams a day personally, and that's my tolerance level for vitamin C. So that's how I personally supplement vitamin C.

[SPEAKER_08]
What about other things?
What supplements do you use?
And Dr. Huber, what supplements do you use?

[SPEAKER_04]
I want to add about the vitamin C. It's interesting because even for the same individual, your tolerance can change.
If you come down with a cold, you'll find yourself being able to tolerate quite a bit more than you were when you were feeling well.
So yeah, sorry.
I think I jumped in.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, other ones I take, I mean, I take vitamin A, I take vitamin E. Again, those are fat soluble vitamins.
I take vitamin K2, also fat soluble.
And what most people don't realize, so when you get a respiratory infection, your lining of your airways can be damaged very quickly.
Vitamin A and vitamin E can help protect the respiratory epithelium.
So if I get a respiratory infection, I'll take a high dose of vitamin A right away.
I take a daily moderate dose of A, E, D, K, vitamin C, and then I take a bunch of other supplements personally as well.

[SPEAKER_05]
Are you still doing LDN, Dr. Cole?
Are you still taking your LDN?

[SPEAKER_07]
I've been doing low-dose naltrexone for four years, yes.
And that's for my Epstein-Barr chronic fatigue.
Yes.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
That has really helped a lot of people with the brain fog issues and lowering inflammation for the vaccine injured.
When I was my sickest with my vaccine injury, I was going in and getting IV vitamin C infusions.
And in order to get that, you have to do a test, the G6 PD, just to make sure
higher dose vitamin C is safe for you, but I did that and I'm very lucky that I was treated early on aggressively and I had all these modalities like LDN and high dose vitamin C and intermittent fasting to lower inflammation.
That's great for turning over those dead cancer cells by just limiting your window of eating is another great tool.
What about you, Dr. Huber?
What supplements do you take?

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, I'm afraid I'm a bit of a shoemaker's children, and I probably should take more of my own advice.
In other words, more frequently than I end up doing.
And if I'm rushing out the door, then, well, the vitamin C definitely gets taken, and so does the vitamin D. The others, eh, and by others.
I mean, I also, like Dr. Cole, if I feel that something's coming on, or if I've been exposed to somebody who's been sniffling, maybe my throat begins to get sore.
I'll actually take about 300,000 units of vitamin A for three days in a row.
That has helped sometimes, but sometimes I'm even lazier than that, and I'll do a quick swab of the nostrils with the povidone iodine diluted to about 1%, and that really seems to knock something out almost every time these days.
And then I just try to make sure I eat whole natural foods.
It's basically a sort of a paleo diet.
I honestly think that my number one form of health, nutrition is only my number two form of health insurance.
Number one for me is exercise.
Got to get that exercise at least three times a week.
So in my senior years, it's serving me very well.
I just make sure that that always happens.
And that I'm much more diligent about.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
The next question is for you, Dr. Huber.
What about shedding and the effects on the menstrual cycles in unjabbed females?
And what are remedies to avoid bleeding every time there's contact with jet people?
This is from Malina.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
Okay.
So that was discussed, you know, early on in the COVID era.
Okay.
Let me just give a visual with my fingers if I may.
Okay, I did an article about this.
It's on my Substack, calling Huber.substack.com.
Anyway, at our little clinic, very little clinic, right?
27 of us, and too much information here, but maybe I was involved, or included, or a subject rather.
This happens to 27 people where there were complaints or injuries it seemed, symptoms,
right after being exposed to COVID vaccinated people.
Most of them were female, a slight majority pre-menopausal, a little bit post-menopausal women, but also some males who had severe side effects being next to COVID vaccinated people.
And let me just say, let me just show you what I said I was going to show you.
In the year 2021, January, nothing, February, nothing, March, nothing, April,
May, June, and then nothing, July, August, September, October.
And then the boosters came out.
November, December, there was a little bump.
Okay, so that's how those complaints presented to us.
And there were a total of 27 people.
Some of those symptoms were rather severe for the pre-menopausal women.
I mean, women described to gushing, bleeding, et cetera, for being in households with COVID vaccinated person or COVID vaccinated spouse.
So yeah, that that definitely seemed to be very prominent in spring of 2021.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, I'm finding that I think the question was, what do you do about it?
How can you protect yourself?

[SPEAKER_04]
I found that people who were taking ivermectin seemed to have shown a bit more resilience.
There was an extreme example.
I'll give you an example of a husband and wife.
The wife did not want the COVID vaccine.
The husband disagreed strongly and he got three vaccines.
She considered him a super shedder because suddenly the dog who had always slept at his feet couldn't even stand to be in the same room with him.
She also got sick when she was in the same room with him.
The baby granddaughter, infant, had loved her granddad but could not stand to be around him.
Okay, so her symptoms were that if she spent 20 minutes in the same room with him or in the car with him, she was then sick for hours.
she persuaded him to take some ivermectin.
He started taking some ivermectin, but kind of resisted it.
Anyway, just a few doses apparently, she got a lot of relief.
He admitted to feeling better and she got relief from the shedding.
Now, of course, this is a case study of one.
So, and, you know, I don't have all the data at my fingertips to tell you.

[SPEAKER_08]
So, it was the shedder that took the medicine, not the shedding.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, yeah, exactly.
I think the Shed-E also took it.
But she convinced the Shedder to take it.
And that seemed to make a difference in that one case.

[SPEAKER_08]
But can you, as a Shed-E, if you took ivermectin, does that protect you from others?

[SPEAKER_04]
It seemed to for some of the patients.
I would be interested in Dr. Cole's experience with that.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, I'm not currently treating patients, but I've heard some of the same of what you've talked about.
You know, for those who are persistently experiencing excess bleeding, I think it's important to check a hormone panel just to see what's out of whack, because you can re-regulate with some progesterone or re-regulate with some
you know, DHEA or pregnenolone, some of the basic building blocks for some of the hormones.
So I think knowing if you're experiencing it persistently, it's important to know what out of your HPG axis is out of whack.
And so, you know, sometimes you may have to revert to a lab test to rebalance.

[SPEAKER_05]
The one thing that I am noticing though with the emails of people coming in with shedding issues, they seem to be, of course there are always exceptions, but they seem to be pretty short-lived.
So it seems like the shorter, you know, within those first two weeks of somebody being vaccinated, that's when I tend to see the most amount of emails.
You know, my roommate or my husband or my wife just got vaccinated.
But then what I also notice is like, you know, weeks after that, their symptoms dissipate.
So they're not having these long lasting like,
COVID vaccine reaction injuries or long COVID symptoms.
It's very short lived.
So, you know, I haven't had to deal with too many people saying they're months and months out and they're still suffering from shedding, which is great.

[SPEAKER_04]
And I think that's why our parabola was very narrow, you know, just really basically April to June of 2021.
And then by July, nobody was complaining to me.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_07]
And this is a problem with this type of product is with an mRNA injection taking over your cell machinery.
Some people, like Dr. Huber mentioned, maybe, you know, super shedders.
Just like there are viral super spreaders, we don't know which individuals are going to be making a lot of spike protein over time, or if it's an RSV protein or a flu protein from any other mRNA injection going forward.
These are unregulated medical products.
Normally a drug has a half life and within a certain period of time, you know, when that drug goes away in the body, this is a gene taking over your machinery.
So some people may be making a ton of spike protein and causing people around them trouble and other people may not at all.
So that's, that's a problem with all mRNA products.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
The next question I have for actually both of you from Timmy as well.
Some of the died suddenly cases of young people are being explained as, quote, due to an infection.
Can these deadly infections be the result of these COVID shots?

[SPEAKER_07]
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
Reason being is these are immune modulators, these injections, and we know how they've drastically shifted the ability of the immune system to respond to other infections.
The seminal paper on this was by Dr. Fassa out of the Netherlands early when he looked at the Pfizer injections and showed how it shifted
our T cell responses, our toll-like receptors, all sorts of things.
And when one looks at those studies, the body had a certain ability to fight off certain bacteria and fungi even better than before, but many far worse than before, especially herpetic viruses.
So because it may not be COVID that these individuals are suffering, it does open up.
Think about when we had RSV out of season.
in the summertime.
We had an immune suppressed population allowing viruses that normally don't circulate in certain times of year to take off like wildfire.
So because of the immune suppressive effect of these shots and the immune profile, absolutely other infections are on the rise, ones that we haven't seen in a long time.

[SPEAKER_05]
That was interesting.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, it's interesting that we when we hear about these RSV, they never say it's it's a disease of the unvaccinated or RSV like I've never heard that at all.
Which means it's
It's probably a vaccine or sorry, it's a disease of the vaccinated is like, is that your impression?
Is that your experience that if you get RSV out of season?
that you're almost surely vaccinated with COVID vaccine?

[SPEAKER_07]
Well, perhaps, but also the fact that there are more circulating.
It turned a lot of our population into walking petri dishes, basically.
So the exposure load that most of the population experienced after the rollout of the shots and the boosters was the fact that now those immune suppressed individuals couldn't keep other viruses in check and exposed other people to higher loads of of those infectious agents.

[SPEAKER_04]
I would like to mention another paper that is really good about addressing this topic, and that is Stephanie Seneff out of MIT.
You know, their paper showing that type 1 interferon, which is very early in immune system activity, very upstream in the pathways, that has shown
to be depleted in the COVID vaccinated.
And I think that may be a factor that we have to consider.
But I like to end what I say whenever I'm talking about this on a positive note.
That is, I do have high hopes, high expectations, realistic expectation, I believe, for vitamin D and zinc to help with something like that.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, you're absolutely right.
Type 1 interferon is critical for fighting off other infections as well as cancer.
And we know that spike protein does suppress interferon type 1.
And interestingly, one of the medications that increases nuclear stimulation and production of interferon type 1 is ivermectin.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
I remember, Ryan, when you were when
those cases were spiking of RSV in the middle of the summer.
I mean, I ran a NICU.
I was a charge nurse for a NICU at a large hospital for 17 years.
And every winter we would expect some of these NICU babies to be brought back in.
with RSV.
So it was really unusual for me to be seeing this happen in the summer.
And then on top of that, we were having people with reactivated EBV, mono, herpetic infections.
I mean, shingles, you name it.
It was like all of these things just exploded.
And that is due to our immune system, our gut microbiome and our immune system being destroyed from this hyperimmune state that the vaccine caused us to be in.
So question for you, Steve.
This is kind of funny.
This was actually a guest that I wanted to bring on and we haven't quite done so yet.
I hope we can still bring him on.
But Steve, is there a virus or isn't there?
There are so many conflicting views.
What do you
Why do you think there is?
And this is, you know, what is it?
Is it Dr. Andrew Kaufman we were going to bring on to do, you know, because we're on the, we're on the team that of course this virus exists.
And these are some people who are, yeah, I'm like Alex Zach.
I really like, I loved him in that documentary that he was in.
You know, these are people that I really like and respect, but they, they don't believe.
that this COVID virus existed and I personally haven't had time taking care of all the vaccine injured to look into it.
But yeah, that's for you, Steve.
Is there a virus or is there not?

[SPEAKER_08]
You know, I'll just give you my opinion, which is, of course, there's a there's a virus.
Everything that I know is consistent with the virus, that this is a novel virus.
And one of the most compelling things that I heard recently is from a paramedic.
And the paramedic said that, you know, after COVID came out and they said this is a COVID virus, blah, blah, blah, they started seeing people who had O2 sats of 50.
And these O2 sets of 50, they said, we've never seen O2 sets of 50 before.
The only O2 sets of 50 we've seen are in dead people.
And we've never seen a walking cogent person with O2 sets of 50.
And every single one of them, every single one of them tested positive for COVID.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, and that's the mistake, Steve, they made in the hospital and in the ER.
So these people would walk in with these really low O2SATs, but they were walking, they were talking, they were engaging with you.
And it's one of those things in medicine, those, because of their O2SATs, the ER doctors and anesthesiologists would immediately put them on a ventilator.
But you don't treat, you don't, you know, if you have a patient who is talking and breathing and oxygenating clearly- Right, you don't put them on a ventilator.
you don't put them on a ventilator, you don't you don't treat.
Right.

[SPEAKER_08]
Because the problem, right, the problem was not oxygen to the brain and the heart.
The problem, the reason, and this is a theory, I don't know if you know, we'll see what what you guys think of this.
But the theory is that it's micro clotting.
And so what happened is these people had micro clots, and they weren't getting oxygen to their extremities.
Because they're always measuring O2 in the extremities, but they're getting O2 fine through the blood supply.
It's there, but it's not going because of micro clotting.
And so when you had micro clotting that affected the blood supply to the extremities,
they would see this false reading, which was true that the extremity was not getting the oxygen, but the rest of the body was.
And that's why people could be walking and talking and yet apparently have O2 sats that everybody would measure because everybody's measuring on the finger.
Right.
And that's, that's why they're seeing that.
So it'd be curious, curious as to what Dr. Cole and Dr. Huber think of that.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, I think that's a great hypothesis.
I think COVID number one, two and three is a clotting disease, clotting disease, clotting disease.
It primarily starts with inflammation of the vasculature.
And well, I mean, it comes in causes respiratory symptoms first, but as that spike population, it caused inflammation of the blood vessels, which caused clotting.
So I think that's a reasonable conjecture.

[SPEAKER_04]
I totally agree.
The microclotting, it would be expected to show up in the, this whole extremity, well, in the capillaries all over the body.
But, you know, I definitely think that was something that, you know,
that we saw from that hypoxia, well, the measured hypoxia, but without distress.
That was pathognomonic for COVID.
In other words, that's something that characterized COVID, along with anosmia, okay?
So people lost their sense of smell far more than when they had had the flu in previous years.
So these things were characteristic peculiarities of COVID, you know?

[SPEAKER_08]
So could the loss of smell, could that be also due to this
to the same effect, right?
Possibly.
Microclots.
If you have microclots in the nose, then that's preventing your sense of smell.

[SPEAKER_07]
Plus those nerve fibers are exposed in the olfactory bulb anatomically, so there can be neurologic
uh, harm from inflammation accumulating in that area where the virus comes in and you get an inflammatory response.
So those are kind of what we call naked neurons.
And because of their exposure, they're very sensitive, obviously for smelling they're sensitive, but also they're sensitive when they're exposed to inflammation and a pathogenic agent of sorts.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.
So, so anyway, to answer the question is yes, I believe it because
we see this happening, we see people who get COVID and then other family members get COVID and they all like, I had a case where my wife's friend got COVID, my wife got COVID, I got COVID, and then my brother-in-law got COVID.
And it's like you all show positive on the same lateral flow assay test.
And it's a little bit
If you got a better theory, you know, I'm all ears, but so far I haven't heard a better theory.
How that could happen if it wasn't a virus.

[SPEAKER_05]
We'll get Andrew Kaufman on and he'll explain it to us.

[SPEAKER_08]
He can explain to me how all that stuff happens and the micro clotting and all this stuff if it's not a virus.
It's just a coincidence that they test that the lateral flow assay test test positive at the same time that these people have these micro clots and so forth.
Just a coincidence.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, I'm going to get to our last question.
I just want to also give a shout out to Dr. Paul Merrick who's actually watching this right now and texting me, but maybe at some point we could do a part two with turbo cancers because he has done such a deep dive.
He's one of the most published ICU doctors in the world and he's done a deep dive.
website on the FLCCC website, he does have a protocol that I know he spent thousands of hours looking into.
And so maybe we'll be able to do a turbo cancer part two with Dr. Merrick, who we absolutely love and thank him so much.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, that'd be great.
Because because he is texting me during the show.
And, and he's sort of asking me some questions.
I'm going like, Oh, now I now I get it, Paul.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, yeah.
So the last question I have for both doctors, for turbo cancers, what are the precursors and how do you test for them?
Is there any way people like, you know, we have a lot of paranoid people, rightfully so, that got the vaccine, don't have any symptoms of cancer, but they're terrified, as we all should be.
Is there any testing that they can do ahead of time, or should they just live this very healthy lifestyle, avoiding sugars, eating great food, resting?
Are there any tests, and what can they do?

[SPEAKER_07]
Well, number one is in terms of what we were talking about in terms of health and wellness is don't stress.
Don't stress.
So are there blood tests for certain types of cancer?
There are markers, CA125 for certain types of cancers.
There are some genetic tests one can do now to detect multiple types of
circulating genetic abnormalities from cancer cells.
The good news is most people are generally fine.
So don't panic is number one.
Number two, getting just a baseline blood draw annually.
Know where your lipids are, know where your, and I agree with Dr. Huber, no statins ever.
And cholesterol is good.
Women with high cholesterol live longer.
Cholesterol is a basic
part of every cell in your body, the membranes.
So get a basic CBC, metabolic panel, as well as a lipid panel.
If you have a history of a certain type of cancer and you've received multiple of these injections, then I would be more vigilant in terms of regular follow-up.
And we've seen a lot of cancers reactivate in individuals that were otherwise two, three, five, 10 years, technically disease-free, flare up again.
So those are the individuals I think that need to be more vigilant.
There isn't one, quote, test for one type of cancer.
So I think that's something one would have to consult with their physician.
There are, again, certain laboratories that have developed
genetic marker tests now that are available.
They are expensive.
I'm not sure insurance is going to cover most of those.
So that's kind of my broad answer on that.

[SPEAKER_05]
What about that one?
Steve, do you remember what the name of it was?
There's this MRI machine that a lot of people are, I think there's one down in LA.
A lot of the celebrities are doing it down there.
It's like Peruvu or Pannuvu.
It's like an MRI machine where they kind of just go in and look at your body and

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, it's called you think I think pre novo is what you're talking about.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, it's several thousand dollars out of pocket.
Obviously.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_05]
They're doing them in wellness clinics.
Do you know anything about those?

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, I took one.
Yeah.
Yeah, I was impressed.
I was I was I expected a lot less because I've had these tests before.
But these guys, I was very impressed.
I mean, they they spotted a lot of things going on in my body that I wasn't aware of.
that, you know, that caused me to pay attention.
And so that's good, you know, because when you when you find it's happening in your own body, that's when it really makes a difference.
So for, for example, they found, in my case, fatty liver, you know, they get spot.
And so that's something that you want to take care of.
very, very soon, you don't want to let that go the wrong way.
And so what it does is it causes you to then take stuff like that seriously and change your diet and be a lot more aware of what you're eating and, you know, how things
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_07]
Can I piggyback quick?
I am aware of Pronovo, and I think that's an excellent screen.
Again, it's expensive.
And in terms of fatty liver, obviously, dietarily, you can reverse that.
One thing we didn't mention with cardiac stuff earlier is another thing that one has to be careful with, especially with cardiac conditions, is excess alcohol over time can dilate the heart as well.
So one needs to be prudent in terms of their intake.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
Very good point.
Well, thank you guys so much.
Thank you so much, Dr. Cole.
Thank you so much, Dr. Huber.
It's such a pleasure to start 2024 with you guys, your favorites of mine.
And we so appreciate everything that you do and all the work you've done for the injured and that you continue to do.
Being in this fight with us, it means so much to us.
So thank you.

[SPEAKER_07]
Thank you.
Yeah.
And that's an honor for Huber.
It was a great presentation and always good to see you, Steve.
And Angela, thank you for the opportunity and happy new year, everybody.

[SPEAKER_05]
Happy New Year, thank you.
I'll just continue with a couple little news pieces.
Tonight, we will not be on Twitter spaces after the show.
It's cold and flu season, so we have a few team members out sick, but we will be back next week.
Another quick reminder that VSRF runs solely on donor support, so you can donate directly at vacsafety.org backslash donate or text Liberty to 53555
to donate instantly.
And a reminder that tickets are on sale for the second COVID Litigation Conference coming to Las Vegas, March 7th through 8th.
Leading vaccine injury attorney Aaron Ciri will be among the featured COVID litigation experts, as well as Jeff Childers, Ray Flores, and many more.
It's going to be a really great event designed for lawyers, but open to everyone.
We'll put a link in the chat to learn more and purchase tickets.
You know, I was at the one last year and that one was so incredible, so inspiring to see all these attorneys come together and talk about their cases and what their plans are.
And, you know, this one is just going to be even better because we have filed so many cases since then.
We have a long ways to go, but we are making great stride and can't wait to see you there.
And another really super exciting thing is a groundbreaking new trade show and conference is coming to Las Vegas right after COVID Litigation Conference 2.
It's called Replatform and it's the Freedom Economy Convention from the team that brought you the Defeat the Mandates,
Replatform Vegas is a three-day event where you will connect with the most innovative businesses in the parallel economy as we build an uncancelled America.
That's March 8th through the 10th in Las Vegas, and I cannot wait to see everybody there.
I'm really looking forward to going.
We're going to play a short little video clip of this event.

[SPEAKER_00]
If somebody's going to try to blackmail me with advertising, blackmail me with money, go f*** yourself.

[SPEAKER_10]
To break the hold the censorship regime has on free speech.
Replatform, the freedom economy convention in Las Vegas presents Upfront, a proven model where Liberty minded media and platforms pitch in person to advertisers.
Powering a network of creators and brands that reach half the economy.
as a more informed people make for a stronger nation.
Step up front and register today at replatformvegas.com.

[SPEAKER_05]
So our Defeat the Mandates team recently created a new holiday every week to support businesses that were canceled by the woke or COVID mobs.
And we now want to shop with them.
Feel free to hashtag uncancel on your own social posts and to learn more, go to replatformvegas.com.
Reminder to check out our VSRF swag shop.
We are ready for winter with cozy sweatshirts, pajama pants and long sleeve shirts.
We have Steve's most recent legend shirt now available and we still have Steve's all time favorite misinformation super spreader t-shirt too.
So order now.
We'll put the link in the chat.
I usually live in these clothes are super comfortable and so much fun.
I love actually going out.
places because people usually come up and talk to me and it's really reassuring to see other people who are now starting to realize what they did to us these years with these vaccines.
Please join us again next Thursday, January 11th.
Steve will be interviewing founder of Teachers for Choice, Michael Cain, on New York Governor Kathy Hochul's plans for quarantining camps or for quarantine camps in 2024.
It's incredible that they're planning on pushing this through.
It's just incredible.
I can't believe.

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, you got to get your reservations in early to get a good spot at the camp.

[SPEAKER_05]
My God.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.
Reserve your tent.

[UNKNOWN]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_05]
We'll look forward to having Michael in our New York resistant alley.
Allie's there to talk to us about what's going on in New York.
And maybe we can get Paul Merrick on to give us some more updates on these turbo cancers.
Tonight, we're also going to leave you with a video clip of Russell Brand talking about the sharp rise in excess deaths and
We wanted to play Russell Brand because Steve actually got invited to be on Russell Brand while he was in the UK talking to members of the parliament.
And that was such a great experience for Steve.
And so we'll close our evening tonight with a clip from that.
And we want to thank you so much.
Thank you for all that you do for us, which in turn helps the vaccine injured.
We have a lot of work to go, but we've we've made such great progress.
And, you know, thank you for being our community, for being here every week with us.
and listening to us and relying on us as a trusted news source.
And I wanna wish you all a very happy new year and thanks for all the emails.
I do return and look at every single email, so keep them coming and we will see you next week.
Bye Steve, have a good night.

[SPEAKER_02]
Collapsing in the middle of the game.
Collapsing during the game.
Collapsing on the tennis court.
Suddenly collapsing.
The player collapsed.
Collapsed and died.
Died after collapsing.
He collapsed.
He collapsed.

[SPEAKER_00]
It seems that there's a second player who's collapsed.
This is unusual.
I've never seen anything like this.
Yeah, what's going on?
Sharp rise in unexplained deaths during the pandemic.

[SPEAKER_01]
The number of deaths with unknown causes has gone up over the last three years.

[SPEAKER_00]
Deaths that are not listed as COVID related.

[SPEAKER_11]
I'm sorry I'm feeling really dizzy.
Healthy young people are dying suddenly from a mysterious syndrome.
Sudden adult death syndrome.
SADS is an umbrella term to describe unexpected deaths in young people.

[SPEAKER_00]
There is some evidence that some sort of delayed reaction to COVID.

[SPEAKER_06]
Why would the legacy media not investigate this with the same vigor that they've applied to a variety of other subjects that appear to enhance their ability to control dissenting voices and shut down counter narratives?
Why is there a demand for censorship to be enshrined in law from the EU to Ireland, to the United Kingdom, to the United States of America, to Canada?
Why has it become so important to control information when the ability to create content like this has just become global and
worldwide.
It's precisely because information like this, and I'm not suggesting for a moment that all of those athletes died or that all of those athletes were suffering as a result of particular medications, but the data is available now.
Excess deaths are rising.
The life expectancy in the United States of America is falling and it isn't because of COVID.
Comparable figures are available in the United Kingdom and once again the same is true.
Sudden deaths, unexpected deaths, excess deaths all rising and it isn't because of COVID.
Curiously,
There is a total lack of appetite to investigate this, even though it seems like there's ample evidence to warrant an investigation.
Health agencies are not investigating it.
Legacy media organizations are not investigating it.
Elsewhere, we've reported on the kind of relationships that exist between Big Pharma and cable news media who receive the vast majority of their funding, not only from Big Pharma, but specifically from Pfizer.
Just one organisation.
Have you ever seen Albert Baller contend with a single difficult question except for when he was chased by Rebel News through the snowy streets of Davos?
Of course you haven't.
You've just seen him in puff piece after puff piece.
Independent media is vital because it allows these questions to be asked.
Were it not for the valuable voices in this space, you wouldn't have a Covid inquiry in the UK.
You wouldn't have any dissent at all.
You wouldn't have no uptake for the latest Covid booster shots because none of this information would be available.
I'm not saying that just because I am an independent media figure, even though I personally know the level of attacks that are likely if you put yourself in a position of dissent.
I know it.
I know it personally.
I'm just one voice in an increasingly powerful space, but the real power is with you, your independent thoughts.
your ability to choose.
That's what they are trying to shut down and control.
They do not want an awakened, dissenting population investigating the high levels of corruption in their own state, in their own media, and in particular in globalist, corporatist agencies and financial entities.
Because if people become aware to that, we will oppose
There won't be a control and regulate a population that is mistrustful of its media, its judiciary, its law enforcement agencies, and in particular the establishment interests that appear to be able to coordinate all of them.
You've just seen with your own eyes sufficient evidence to warrant a serious investigation into the impact of the pandemic era, distinct and separate from the impact of COVID itself, whether that's as a result of the rise of heart disease or people taking their own lives or mental health or the collapse of small businesses or the impact on children's education, and certainly
and perhaps most importantly, the possible impact of certain medical interventions that were highly propagandized, the message of which was amplified, questions weren't asked, dissent was shut down, legitimate experts were shamed and smeared and shut down, and dissenting voices were attacked.
This is time for a global reckoning.
Let's ensure that 2024 isn't like 2023, a year where ordinary people's views were repressed so that establishment power could be continually magnified.
