[SPEAKER_05]
If we're really being honest is out now here with the song dead language the Defiant

[UNKNOWN]
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
you
And I want you to live again

[SPEAKER_03]
Tonight on VSRF Live, Steve Kirsch is joined by Dr. Robert Malone.
He'll regale us all on the current state of the health freedom movement as he sees it from his unique perspective.

[SPEAKER_08]
We're now in a situation in which there's total centralized control.
If you vary from the approved narrative, in many states, many nations, there are now laws being enacted that physicians that speak about their opinions, their observations, which differ from the approved narrative, they're subject to jail time and major fines, up to $200,000.
This is coming through in Canada and already is enacted in France.
And there was an attempt to do something similar in California.
I expect we're going to see a lot more of this.
So it's centralized control of messaging, of diagnostics, of patient treatment.
The whole logic is built around the idea of what's best for the group, utilitarianism.
as opposed to the traditional position and the fundamental aspect of the Hippocratic Oath where the physician is focused on the patient, not on the population, not on the greater good, but on the good of the individual.
And that's what's happened is the whole thing is perverted around the idea of utilitarianism and that there should be the greatest good for the greatest number.
Basically what we have is creeping socialism throughout all of medicine.

[SPEAKER_03]
Good evening and welcome to another special episode of VSRF Live.
I'm your host, Livio Sanchez, and I'm thrilled to be here with you all tonight.
We had originally planned to have Sean Buckley, the famed constitutional attorney from Canada on this week's show.
However, the change in Mr. Buckley's schedule has led us to postpone his interview until later this month.
But tonight, we are honored to have the legendary Dr. Robert Malone.
Dr. Malone will be sharing his invaluable insights on the current state of the health freedom movement, offering us a unique perspective shaped by his extensive experience and recent international travels.
But before we begin, I want to say a huge thank you to all of you who've stepped up over the last month to help support us.
And I would like to remind everyone that
And I would like to remind everyone that VSRF Live depends solely on public donations to bring you this weekly show, and we need your financial support.
Please consider donating to us on a monthly basis.
Just five bucks a month from our loyal audience would help to fund our operations and ensure VSRF survival during 2024 and beyond.
Your contributions are tax deductible and we simply cannot do what we do without your help.
So please donate today.
And now without further ado, I want to bring on the founder of VSRF, Steve Kirsch.
How you doing, Steve?
I'm doing good.
Great to see you this evening.
Yeah, I'm really excited about tonight's episode.
And I'm excited to hear your conversation with Dr. Malone.
But before we bring him on, there's a few things I want to ask you about.
You've been writing a lot on your sub stack.
this recently.
In fact, today you just put up a new article and I'm going to pop it up on the screen.
The survey that you say indicates sexual orientation, gender identity, and gender dysphoria are all primarily caused by vaccination.
What's going on here, Steve?
Help us understand.

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, I did a survey just looking at health trends related to vaccines, chronic health conditions.
And one of the things I stuck in the survey, because I stuck a lot of things in the survey to be negative controls and positive controls.
So positive control would be something like, did you have a vaccine injury?
And you'd expect if you didn't have a vaccine, you wouldn't have a vaccine injury.
And also negative controls, things like glaucoma and other things that are not
In general caused by vaccination and I threw in the sexual orientation issues and gender identity issues and I just lumped them together and I asked people, you know, do you have any of these?
Symptoms and and so I surprised that one of the most strongly correlated
side effect were people who checked this box.
And so then people said, well, gender identity and sexual orientation are two completely different things.
And it could be that one is caused by vaccination and the other one isn't.
you know, so when we don't know which one or could they both they could both be or maybe it's just gender dysphoria issues.
And so I, they suggested that I clarify
that and so I did another survey and I just surveyed the people I sent an email direct email to the people who checked the box in the first survey and said so what do you think and there was a very strong signal from that so I decided to write an article just to get the numbers up and now instead of about 35 responses I now have 750 responses and those responses very clearly indicate that
that things such as sexual orientation, gender identity, and gender dysphoria are all related to the level of vaccination.
So the greater the level of vaccination, the greater the statistical likelihood that you'll have some deviation from what is considered to be traditional.
And the numbers are staggering.
The numbers are very large.
And the numbers are very consistent in that the numbers for gender identity were almost identical.
The odds ratio was almost identical.
uh to the sexual orientation uh number so the vaccine is basically the primary you know causing 80 percent of these um these deviations and so I just think it's important that people know
that it's being caused by the vaccines.
80% of the problem is due to this childhood vaccine schedule.
If you had all the vaccines, it's 4.7 or 4.8 times the odds ratio is 4.8 times.
So 4.8 times higher odds that you're going to have a deviation.

[SPEAKER_03]
And this is interesting.
Maybe we can do an episode where we bring someone who's also an expert in this field.
And I'd be curious if you bring it up with Dr. Malone.

[SPEAKER_01]
I'd love to compare data with somebody else who's collected it.
But it appears that nobody's ever collected this data before to link the two.
And so this may be the first time.
And it took me only three hours.
And basically three hours after I sent off that article in three hours, I had 750 and I had a very strong signal.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_01]
So if it took me three hours, it's like, you know, and I'm not a professional researcher.
It should take professional researchers probably longer than that.
But dang, it's a huge signal.

[SPEAKER_03]
It's an interesting start for sure.
The other thing I want to bring up in one of your sub stacks is this turbo cancer in New York.
And I also want to, you know, hopefully you and Dr. Malone will talk about this.
And I mean, in my experience, I was talking to my mom this morning and she's been in and out of the hospital a lot this past year.
And one thing that she noticed, she was,
at the cancer center where they do the chemo at the Cleveland Clinic down in South Florida.
She's been astounded by the number of people there and the variety of ages, like young, middle-aged.
She has spent a lot of time in hospitals and she's like, I'm astounded by how many people are in the chemotherapy wing of this hospital.
And as compared to pre pandemic.
Exactly.
And that's what I was asking her.
How was it, you know, when you were around these areas before and she's like, not like this and not this many young people.

[SPEAKER_01]
And so by the, not this many quantify that for me, two X three X four X.

[SPEAKER_03]
I wish I had asked her how many more, but she made it sound like now there's so many people just waiting to get in to get treatment, where before there must've been just a more normal appointment kind of routine.
Like it was just overflowing with people over at the.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, and we know from the data that it's not just, oh, well, you know, we missed our cancer appointments during the pandemic because of lockdowns.
And so all the cancers would be up proportionally.
So, but they're not, they're not up proportionally.
Some cancers are significantly higher and some cancers are actually down.
So if it was just, oh, we were locked out.
So that's why it's up.
It should be up more or less uniformly.
It's not going to be up completely uniformly because some cancers are more amenable to treatment than other cancers.
But it ought to be,
relatively uniformly increased, but it's not.

[SPEAKER_03]
That's odd.
All right, so maybe Dr. Malone can get into that.
Before I bring on Dr. Malone, you and I were at the COVID Litigation Conference in Atlanta last year, and he was a keynote speaker, and he shared a video that
that just blew my mind.
It was put up by the U S army and I'm going to bring them on after I show this three and a half minute video that he shared.
So, and then I want to get his take on where we're at with fifth generation warfare with you guys.
So I'm going to play this first and then we'll bring them on immediately after this video.

[SPEAKER_07]
As the world watches and listens in horror, the peaceful pro-democracy demonstration in China comes to a violent and bloody end.
Mr. Gorbachev, tear down this wall.

[SPEAKER_04]
Wolves hiding nearby
Whispering do or die around me You say

[SPEAKER_07]
There is another very important phase of warfare.
It has as its target, not the body, but the mind of the enemy.

[SPEAKER_06]
The target of psychological warfare is against the enemy's mind.
It is words and ideas.

[SPEAKER_07]
Ammunition used by cyborgs.

[SPEAKER_06]
Its mission is to influence the thoughts of the enemy soldiers and at the same time is expected and encouraged to study foreign languages and the social sciences such as history, economics and sociology.
He must have a broad and sympathetic understanding of all phases of human experience.

[SPEAKER_04]
But the use of this force as an integral part of combat has now taken on new form.

[SPEAKER_07]
These are the sidewall soldiers.

[SPEAKER_03]
Still overwhelmingly powerful.
Welcome to VSRF live, Dr. Malone.
You are muted, so you'll have to unmute yourself in order to speak.
I muted you before.
Thank you for coming on, sir.

[SPEAKER_08]
Hello, Mr. Sanchez.
I did catch your comments regarding such a lot of POVA right before the segment went live.
I really don't appreciate that.
Thanks.

[SPEAKER_03]
Okay, yeah.

[SPEAKER_08]
Sorry about that.
If you're going to cite things that you've asserted that I've said, please cite where you got that information and provide context.

[SPEAKER_03]
Sure.
I was, I was citing the comment from her letter, her open letter.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_08]
And the video has been extremely rude to me, attacked me multiple times.
Um, it's it, many people note the language she's used is way, way over the top.
Okay.
So let's just have a little bit of context and take a deep breath.
I'm subjected to harassment by her and her colleagues on a daily basis and have been for at least three years now.
This is another aspect of psychological warfare.

[SPEAKER_03]
Great.
Well, I would love to get into that with you and Steve.
And I was just referencing, I didn't know actually, to be quite honest.

[SPEAKER_08]
You shouldn't be repeating stuff if you don't know.
I'm going to be really blunt.
I'm sick and tired of being harassed by these people.
The claims that are unfounded on a daily basis.
And they seem to be obsessed with trying to delegitimize me.
It's extremely tiresome, highly counterproductive.
And I'm surprised you mentioned this particular video.
You ought to watch the one from Mickey Willis that I usually show along the same lines that talks about
The damage that's caused by this assertion that's widespread now, it's really spread out against a bunch of people that they are, quote, controlled opposition.
A misrepresentation which Ms. Zlatopova likes to recite repeatedly.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right.
And I, and I understand where you're completely understand where you're coming from.
What I was saying was I didn't know there was a feud or even anything until I read her open letter.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_08]
What I was referring to, um, she harasses me all the time, but I don't, these people, you know, they're, they're building their little following through clicks and likes and hate.
Um, and they form hate cults.
And it's been going on for years.
It's not just around me.
It's a common practice to build a following, to spread this kind of filth.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, and it is unfortunate that within this health freedom movement that this happens, quote unquote, right?

[SPEAKER_08]
It is really fortunate.
The thing is that we just ran that clip that it's a recruitment video from the Fort Bragg PSYOPs unit, which is the main army base unit.
But there's a number of others.
And most of the PSYOP's activity sits within Army Reserve.
It's all across the United States.
And there's a number of Army Reserve groups that are centered around Northern California and Silicon Valley, by the way.
This just happens to be the one that's most overt.
And it was referencing back to the Ghost Army
of World War II.
Everything that was in that clip was actually referring to a known PSYOPs operation.
What's interesting to note is that the origin of the phrase controlled opposition is in the 1960s, and it was a weapon deployed by the FBI against anti-war protesters.
Okay, this assertion of controlled opposition is a fundamental aspect of Cywar and has been for decades now.
So those that are repeating it are basically playing into an effective Cywar campaign.
You need to think, those that are listening need to think when they encounter this stuff, all of this filth that gets spread.
I mean, there's plenty of tax against Steve too.
You gotta think,
Whose acts is being ground here?
Who benefits from the hate?
Who benefits from this weaponization of disinformation and particularly hate language?
And I don't play into it.
I don't even read these sub stacks from these people.
There's a number of people that specialize on a daily basis in writing hate.
And I think that it needs to be called out.
It needs to be stopped.
It's extremely counterproductive.
And much of it is actually sponsored.
So the reason why I lecture on psi war is because I've been subjected to it for four years, and I've been trying to understand it.
But what fascinates me is the
behaviors that we observe in these people that weaponize hate for essentially attention and profit.
Many of these people are overtly narcissistic and engage in a lot of classic narcissistic behaviors including projection.
But this obsessive hate that's been going on now within ostensibly our community
I still find stunning, and I find it even more stunning that people buy into it and recite it.
It's just absolutely fascinating and highly counterproductive, but it is absolutely one of the Cy-War tactics that have been deployed for decades.
These people that are doing this are either sponsored or they're unintentionally buying into tactics that are being deployed.

[SPEAKER_01]
What do you think the breakdown is?
Do you think that most of these people are state-sponsored, or do you think that most of these people are simply just doing it for their own...
I have no idea.

[SPEAKER_08]
I know it's not just state sponsorship, remember?
There's been good documentation now.
The Midwestern doctor wrote a great substack about this the other day.
The public good projects and shots heard around the world is one example of state sponsorship, and it's mixed.
It's state and pharma.
That's been extremely effective.
And in that case, with the shots heard around the world group, what's been revealed recently is many of these people that have been posing as physicians are actually frauds.
They're not actually physicians.
Or there are people who are at the margins but are seeking attention, post-docs, folks that have been, you know, really haven't had much of a career.
And we see this again and again.
And often these people, I don't know, Steve, if you listened into the testimony yesterday from Daszak, but Daszak specifically cited that the Lancet Group, that paper,
that early on, I think it was in 2020, spoke about the conspiracy theories and that all of these statements about the virus having HIV sequences and snake sequences were conspiracy theories.
And the only valid theory, in his opinion, the only valid evidence to his eye
Concerning the origin of the virus was that it was a zoonotic Cross-species transmission you recall that did you listen to what Dazic had to say?

[SPEAKER_03]
I'm gonna be playing a clip of it at the end of the show not that specific a Bunch of stuff that came out during that

[SPEAKER_08]
interaction that the press is not covering.
But, for instance, the failure or refusal of Nature and Lancet to testify, whereas Science Magazine would testify, Nature and Lancet refused to testify upon Congressional request.
And that's crazy.

[SPEAKER_01]
You can't hold the science to hold them accountable.

[SPEAKER_08]
Right.
Well, so to the credit of this select subcommittee, they have built a case.
Remember, I think there's seven physicians on that select subcommittee.
Most of them are very closely tied to pharma, by the way.
And yet they were hammering DASIC yesterday.
And my point is that those that promote various theories without substantial supporting data play into the hands of the opposition.
They are truly, whether or not they're aware, they are acting as controlled opposition.
The snake venom story was absolutely a case of that.
And what happens is, I've written about this, about truth spirals and moral outbidding, which are versions of this practice that's often attributed to the left,
needing to demonstrate one's liberal bona fides through whatever statements and positions you take.
But in the case of truth spirals and moral outbidding, which is running rampant, particularly in the UK, and I think is being fueled by the 77th Brigade, which is a division of the British Army that engages in side war.
They pay people sitting at their desks or in their basements to write hate.
That's absolutely part, and we hear all this stuff about Russian-bought control farms.
77th Brigade is a real thing.
And it's absolutely sponsored by the British Army.
It's responsible for much of this hate that we see circulating.

[SPEAKER_03]
I'm going to say that I agree with you, Dr. Malone, in that I received a lot of hate from friends that I actually physically know because I posted about ivermectin and then the FDA put out that tweet.
And I got a lot of hate and cancellation.
So I've been on the receiving end of that too, from some of my closest friends.

[SPEAKER_08]
So I totally understand.
You can appreciate how demoralizing it is.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, it still sucks.
So I'm going to, I do want to read your bio for those that somehow don't know.
And then I'm going to let you and Steve go at it for a little bit and continue the conversation.
You are, Dr. Malone, as most people know, the inventor of mRNA vaccines and DNA vaccines, as well as the discovery of lipid-mediated and naked RNA transfection technologies.
Dr. Malone is an internationally recognized physician, scientist, and vaccinologist and holds numerous fundamental domestic and foreign patents in the fields of gene delivery,
delivery formulations and vaccines.
We are excited to have you here and I'm glad you went right after the Sasha thing.
Again, I didn't mean to speak out of favor or anything.
I was just bringing up the issue and I'm glad it's dealt with right now off the bat.
So I'm gonna let you guys have that and I'll be back for Q&A and more stuff later on.

[SPEAKER_01]
All right.

[SPEAKER_08]
Good.
In a long time.
I think the last time we spoke, it was in London.

[SPEAKER_01]
Oh, yeah.
Well, we've spoken on the phone since then.
But yeah, in person.
I think that's right.
So let me just start with something that seems to be a common thread in the comments from the listeners, which is, how do people tell
What are the litmus tests that you can apply so that people can tell whether you or I
uh, uh, are controlled oppositions or working for the CIA or, you know, that anyone else, like what, how, how could people who are not skilled in this, what's the easiest way for them to tell who's messing with them and who's telling them the truth?
Is, is there, is there an easy way or do you just have to really know, know what's going on?

[SPEAKER_08]
There's nothing easy in psychological warfare.
Absolutely nothing.
It is a bizarre, surreal terrain in which all truth is subjective.
It's extremely difficult to discern what is truth and what's promoted falsehood.
In terms of individuals, I have a track record now of over four years of very actively and aggressively
holding the government accountable, speaking out about a wide range of issues as you have, Steve.
It's hard for me to imagine how anybody would assert that Steve Kirsch represents a controlled opposition that is paid for by pharma or by the U.S. government in some way because of the positions that you've taken and the actions that you've taken and the history and track record of what you've done.
Likewise, those that make these assertions about me repeatedly, I'm perplexed, but as Joe Latapost said to me about two months ago, there's always gonna be people who hate you, and there's nothing you can do about it.
You're not gonna convert them into people that like you.
Hate is something that, for whatever reason, whether they have a psychological issue or immaturity or commercial interests, hate is something that comes out, particularly in the environment of the internet, as you know.
But in terms of these promoted theories that
I am controlled opposition, I'm CIA, Joe Latopo is controlled opposition, is CIA.
I ran into somebody who was a multi-decade political leader in Michigan the other day.
And he is being accused of being controlled opposition, but he has been a staunch conservative his entire life.
This is an insidious term and it is effective.
That's why it's used.
It is absolutely deployed and has been for decades by our government as a way to fragment protest movements.
And it's extremely effective because it promotes this combination of fear, mistrust, and paranoia.
Anybody who is asserting that someone else is controlled opposition is acting as controlled opposition.
If you want to know the test of somebody who's controlled opposition, look for the ones that are throwing the bombs.
Look for the ones that are making the acquisitions.
Look for the people who are trying to delegitimize others.
You and I have had our disagreements, Steve, about this, that, and the other thing.
But they're honest.
They have integrity.
And I listened to your data.
I listened to your arguments.
And as you know, for instance, when we were speaking in a mega church in Northern California, when you presented to me compelling data about the
adverse event profile as stratified by age and risk factor for the vaccines and demonstrated that this was not a flat line.
This was not equally distributed, but in fact, those that are in the higher risk groups ostensibly for disease associated with this infection also happened to be the ones that were at highest risk for adverse events associated with the jab.
And when you demonstrated that, I changed up until that point, I had been saying as many others have, I think as Jay Bhattacharya still does,
that there is merit to using the vaccine with those that are at high risk.
Matter of fact, there is a new paper that was brought to my attention by Zach Stiver today of a report from the Epic Times from the Cleveland Clinic.
You're probably already well familiar with that, Steve, knowing how much you are up on everything.
But there is a new preprint from Cleveland Clinic that further confirms the
issue of negative effectiveness and poor efficacy associated with the current formulations of the, quote, booster vaccine.
And in that, despite their findings, they're still making statements to the effect that the products, I hate to call them vaccines, should continue to be deployed against high risk groups.
My point is, Steve, that you and I have had our honest intellectual disagreements from time to time, but we've never resorted to name-calling.
We've never resorted to delegitimizing campaigns.
We've always maintained equanimity and open channels, occasionally sought input from each other and advice.
And I continue to listen to your findings and your assertions.
Now, you're not a virologist, and you're not an immunologist, and you are more of a data specialist and a skilled engineer.
And all the way through this, you've approached the world from that frame of reference.
And I've found it fascinating and very informative to watch your growth.
You recall checking into that hotel in Portland the day before we did the broadcast on the dark horse and your questioning hotel staff.
about whether or not they had knowledge of anyone who had experienced vaccine side effects.
At the time, it was highly controversial.
You've been on this very early and very persistently.
And I honor you for that, whatever disagreements we may have about the nuance of interpreting this, that, or the other data.
And that's the way we should all be approaching this.
But those that resort to name calling,
and to rude language and to repeated character assassination, those are the ones that are acting as controlled opposition because what they're doing is advancing the interests of those who seek to silence all of us.
So if you want a measure of how to detect those people that are actually controlled opposition, look for the bomb throwers.
Look for the ones that are making those claims.
And if you look deep enough, almost every single one of them has got an ax that they're grinding, some commercial interest that is driving them to these behaviors, or they have an underlying, let's say, personality dysfunction that is leading them often to seek attention.

[SPEAKER_01]
OK, I'm going to take a sidetrack real quick to ask a question I've always wanted to ask, but I've never asked and gotten an answer to.
But I've always wanted to know the answer.
I probably don't know it.
Yeah.
Well, Jay Bhattacharya has claimed that, oh, the vaccine was beneficial to older people.
And so the... And I think that still is position.
Yeah, I think it is too.
Where's the data?
Where's the data supporting that position?

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.
Fair enough and that's a question for Jay.
I certainly don't want to be You know shooting Jay in the ass with Yeah, no, but are you aware?

[SPEAKER_01]
Are you aware of any credible data showing that the elderly benefited from the vaccine?

[SPEAKER_08]
No, I'm not that there was that a lot of these like the assertion that I fell into I
that I accepted and has now been proved to be false, that receiving the vaccine if you had long COVID, which was my case, would result in enhanced immune response and would help clear the long COVID.
That turns out to not only be false, but the exact opposite is true.
There have been a lot.

[SPEAKER_01]
But you bought it, right?
You bought it at the time.
But did you ask for the underlying data?

[SPEAKER_08]
You'll recall, Steve, that that was at the time when these products were just being rolled out.
There was a huge cloud of ambiguity around everything.
Yeah.
And I can tell you, as somebody who had long COVID,
I was looking for anything that would give me relief.
I was anticipating a greatly shortened lifespan.
I was anticipating that I would be developing a progressive interstitial pulmonary fibrosis, which was the leading theory for what would be the consequences of this disease.
And anticipating that my time being able to work my farm, being able to live a productive life, being able to hike, was past.
And I, like many people, was reaching for anything that would offer hope.
One of the things that's happened all the way through this is weaponization of fear in order to drive populations into accepting these products and behaving in certain ways, accepting
a lot of the non-pharmaceutical interventions such as the mask use, social distancing, et cetera, that also had no scientific basis.
People forget what it was like during 2020 and 2021.

[SPEAKER_01]
So so but the here's the important thing is that you're a victim of the same thing that other people are are or, you know, you're you're being influenced by the same factors.
In other words, you are thinking so much.
I, I, I mean, that's important.
because you basically were so convinced by the speech that you never bothered to look and ask for the data because you wanted to be, you know, almost like willfully blind.

[SPEAKER_08]
Steve, there were no data at that time.
Remember, this is at the beginning of the vaccine.

[SPEAKER_01]
Why take the intervention?
Why take the vaccine for the long COVID if you didn't have the data?

[SPEAKER_08]
Because I was suffering and there was virtually no hope.
There were no alternatives offered.

[SPEAKER_01]
But this alternative could have made things worse.

[SPEAKER_08]
It was a plausible hypothesis.
Remember, Steve, you forget.
Okay.
No data on plausible hypothesis.
In that timeframe, we were working in an environment in which there was no knowledge.
I remember reviewing the first glass slide images of COVID autopsies.
and together with other pathologists and we were completely confused by what we were seeing.
It made no sense that early on, as is always the case with these outbreaks, there's a fog of war and it's very difficult to discern truth.
There are no data.
There are only anecdotal fragments of information and theories and hypotheses.

[SPEAKER_01]
Okay, quite reasonable.
Basically, there wasn't data, it sounded plausible, you took it.

[SPEAKER_08]
That's fair, but I just wanted to understand what the rationale was.
Remember that I'd also spoken to Peter Marks.
who had told me that our concerns regarding the Pfizer data package that had been obtained from the Japanese authorities, regulatory authorities, that common technical document that we discussed with Brett on that initial Dark Horse podcast.
Peter Marks asserted that he had reviewed a more recent Pfizer data package in my direct teleconference with him, and that there was actually, he had absolutely no concerns about the safety of these products.
Likewise, I had spoken with the leader of the group in the University of British Columbia that was responsible for the formulations.
And he had repeated and asserted that they had solved the problem of the bio-distribution.
These were false.
These were lies or misunderstanding or whatever they were.

[SPEAKER_01]
Right.
But did you ask for details on like, really, they solved the bio-distribution problem?
How did they do that?

[SPEAKER_08]
And I was told they did it through the identification of novel formulations and structures.
of these catonic lipids.
And you bought that?
From a scientist who has been working in this field for 30 years that I respected.
Yes, I did.
Wow.

[SPEAKER_01]
In hindsight, though, that was a mistake, right?

[SPEAKER_08]
Absolutely.
Where I am now and where we all are now is very different from where we were in 2020 and 2021.
You remember your own origin story.
Oh, sure.
Yeah, I mean, you know, we all make mistakes.
This has been a mistakes or, you know, if you want to call it that.

[SPEAKER_01]
Or failure to trust, sort of like trust but verify.
The failure was on the verify part.

[SPEAKER_08]
And failure to verify, right?
I think the entire world placed their trust in the integrity of established, recognized academic scientists.
And we're at a very different place now.
There is no way that we can, those of us that are awake and attending to the data, there's no way that we can approach the world in the same way.
Those of us that have been subjected to the lies and disinformation and character assassination of corporate media,
We'll never see corporate media again in the same way.
If we do, you know, bet on you, this is why I've spent, and our book is almost complete now, focusing on
psychological warfare, and the rogue state.
I mean, all the things that have come out from the Twitter files and everything since up to the analyses of Mike Binns is one example, teaches us that the world that many of us thought existed, the United States that many of us thought existed,
It was a projected falsehood.
It was a manipulated marketing campaign, if you want to call it that.
It was propaganda.
We've all been subjected to an amazing array of propaganda.
In my case, my entire life, when Tucker started making his statements about the assassination of John F. Kennedy and really confronting that issue, for me, that was a moment of truth.
One of my earliest memories as somebody born in 1959 was the assassination of the president.
And we've been lied to.
We've been lied to our entire lives through multiple administrations.
And, fascinatingly, the statements from Mr. Trump seem to imply that he is well aware of what the truth is underlying this, and it seems to imply that
He perceives a personal threat from our intelligence community should he disclose what he knows.
I can't say strongly enough how the disinformation that we've all been subjected to has impacted on me professionally and psychologically.
I can never go back to the consulting business that I once ran.
I could never work for these agencies unless it was in a position of advice and counsel for those that have authorization to try to reform them.

[SPEAKER_01]
Wouldn't that be great in your dreams, currently?

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, I've been approached about things.
You know, we'll see how the next election plays out.
And Mr. Trump's statements after President Biden's State of the Union address in which President Trump was asserting that these products are going to cure cancer and that he's responsible for the development of them and then taking credit and pride in that.
And then subsequently, the more recent comments on true social attacking
R.F.K.
Jr. for his stance on vaccines, I find profoundly demoralizing regarding President Trump.
You know, I actually was on Infowars earlier today, and Alex asked me to riff on what I think about the candidates and particularly about President Trump.
And I think he and I are very much aligned, very ambivalent.
But we're facing another rock and a hard spot, a choice of the lesser of two evils.
And why do we keep having that choice thrust upon us as the American electorate?
Well, you want to talk about controlled opposition.
You know, that's evidence that we're seeing a persistent pattern in which the American electorate is confronted by two choices that are both relatively unpalatable.
But there are three choices, right?
There are three choices.
Yeah, if you think Bobby is a credible candidate, then bless your heart.

[SPEAKER_01]
I do.

[SPEAKER_08]
So we'll see about that, and you probably aren't aware of how much I was involved very early on with knowledge and insight into the information, the polling information, and the decision-making process about his running.
But I have found myself over time
becoming less enthusiastic for a number of reasons and and I don't know that this is the forum to go into it and I really
I respect, I really love Bobby as a human being, as an individual, as a soul, as a brave human being committed to truth and committed to social activism.
I differ, I part ways with him with a number of his policy positions and frankly what I experienced having been very involved in CHD for a period of time has led me to become much more skeptical and let's leave it at that.
I have no interest in bashing CHD.

[SPEAKER_01]
Okay, let me switch topics for a second.
We talked about France and Canada as having laws that could arrest people for spreading misinformation.
Is that for doctors only?

[SPEAKER_08]
Have those actually passed?
I know that those were legislative initiatives, but on follow-up inquiry, I haven't heard that those are active.
Now, I have heard repeatedly that, and I heard it again in Romania, members of the conservative political party of Germany, the Alliance for Deutschland, or AFD,
That political party has been outlawed.
It is the major conservative party in Germany, Deutschland.
And when I was in Romania for this Make Europe Great Again conference that I just got back from two days ago,
members of AFD refused to be interviewed if they were to be identified as AFD because they would be arrested immediately upon return to Germany.
Wow.
I love that.
That's real freedom of speech in Germany, isn't it?
What is going on right now in terms of censorship, propaganda, and this heavy-handed
effort to constrain political options.
is profound and and we've seen I have a number of close friends from Canada that I was hanging out with in Romania and I'm you know that the situation with Mr. Trudeau and Krista Friedland is very fluid right now but even if they go
It sounds like there's going to be a political play to keep their party in power, and they're just going to be swapped out with more weff surrogates.
Canada's lost, and I fear that the UK is lost right now, politically.
And Germany is—what's happening, Steve, all across Europe,
is the rise of populist movements.
And they are perceived literally as an existential threat.
That term is bandied about all the time.
It's tossed around to such a point that it almost has no meaning, existential threat.
But Mike Benz, I think, absolutely nailed it.
That the rise of these populist movements and the effectiveness of social media
that originally, as I'm sure you understand even better than I, given your background, almost all of the social media platforms were conceived of as psychological warfare weapons.
And they've been deployed as such, particularly in the case of Arab Spring, and were very effective at creating regime change that benefited the interests of the US State Department and the US intelligence community.
And that was all kind of going along just fine.
Twitter is absolutely or was a weapon and was conceived of as such.
So was Facebook.
And basically, so is Google.
Google was CIA from the outset.
And then along came Brexit and Nigel Farage and UKIP.
And that was a political earthquake.
And then there was the election of Mr. Now President Trump.
And that one, they didn't see coming.
You remember the headlines in the New York Times and everything else?
They did not see that one coming.
And that was a huge wake-up call.
Now we have the rise of populist movements all across Europe in response to the globalist agendas having to do with climate change, farming, energy, increasing decimation of the German economy, the German automobile industry, because of lack of access to power.
Power, as many in the Bitcoin community assert,
Energy is is the only currency that matters.
And the Germans have just been decimated by European energy policy.
And that's all coming from Brussels.

[SPEAKER_01]
But do you think these policies are driven out of people who want to?
Depopulate the planet or destroy the world.
Or do you think it's being driven?
Let me finish.
Let me finish my question.
Or do you think it is driven by people who are convinced that these kinds of policies will be the betterment of mankind and that they are doing their job to do things better?
Right.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.
And those aren't mutually exclusive.
We can have both of those things be true.
Alex was playing clips from the latest meeting that's apparently currently ongoing at the WEF, in which there's a series of assertions being made that the future is in robotics, and essentially they're asserting that the fate of humanity is dated, that as a species, we are rightfully going to become obsolete.
and be replaced by AI-driven robotics as a natural progression, evolutionary progression.
You know, people need to pay attention to this.
And what I perceive, number one, regarding depopulation, you know, there is a variety of people that assert that the jab was an intentional depopulation play.
I haven't seen those data.
As you were asserting a minute ago in our discussion, I try really hard not to buy into, let's say, theories of the case.
for which I don't see data.
If someone wishes to discuss those as hypotheses, which you and I are doing right now concerning the depopulation agenda, if we approach this as a hypothesis, I'm entirely comfortable with that.
What data do we have that supports the hypothesis that there is a depopulation agenda?
Well, for one, there's the Kissinger Report, which is actual US policy.
And anybody that hasn't, I wrote about that almost two years ago.
and provided links.
And since we were talking about Sacha, she followed up a few days later by publishing that also under her banner.
But who was first or not first is irrelevant.
What matters is the document.
And the document is stunning.
There's no question that there are a variety of people within the globalist movement
that buy into the thesis that we have too many souls on this planet.
It's the Malthusian argument that the human species is at risk for irrevocably damaging the global earthbound ecosystem.
And that the only solution to this is population reduction.
Now what, you know, Malthusianism historically has been refuted because what it fails to do is account for adaptation and innovation, something that is very near and dear to your heart.
You've seen it.
You know how innovative human beings can be, how effective we can be at solving problems.
And by the way, this is the core of my argument about why globalism is wrong, why globalism is highly counterproductive.
Because as I said in Romania, what is globalism?
People talk about it all the time.
They rarely define it.
Globalism in a nutshell is central planning.
It's the thesis that bureaucrats and autocrats have the knowledge, wisdom, and ability to develop global solutions that are applicable across all cultures, all regions, all economies, et cetera, et cetera.
And have we ever had experience with that kind of logic?
Well, yeah.
We call it the Soviet Union.
And in the case since I was in Romania, I highlighted Ceaușescu.
We were meeting in Ceaușescu's old palace, the dictator of Romania.
It also happened under Salazar in Portugal recently.
And again and again and again with these authoritarian dictatorships in which they control information and they impose global policies.
And the problem with that and the problem with Brussels
trying to grab and accumulate more and more power for this unelected body that's called the European Council, that sits above the European Parliament, is that they get it wrong all the time.
And they overstep their authority.
They get caught up in some bizarre form of megalomania.
And how many times do we have to see this experiment
The European Union was founded on the concept of subsidiarity.
Subsidiarity is basically an argument for decentralization.
The decision should be made at the local level, the most local level, for those that have the competence to make those decisions.
And I argue the principle of subsidiarity makes the family the basic fundamental unit.
It's the family that really has
the authority and knowledge for how to make fundamental decisions about things like education.
But the problem with globalized central planning is together, particularly coupled, and it's always coupled with censorship and propaganda, is that it completely kills innovation.
If we're all required to march to the same drummer and believe a selected set of facts, it means that we cannot adapt to changing conditions.
It means that we cannot evolve.
It locks in the Malthusian concept.
It's like a self-fulfilling prophecy for Malthusian believers.
If the thesis is,
that human beings can't adapt to changing conditions such as climate, whatever is driving to the extent that there is modifications, long-term modifications, or sustained modifications in the climate profile.
To the extent that that is the case,
locking in a situation in which we're not allowed to discuss that.
We're not allowed to question the data.
We're not allowed to discuss whether or not that is human caused.
We're not allowed to discuss a potential mitigation or adaptation to whatever is driving whatever climate variation we are encountering.
That guarantees that we will carry on on the same path
and make the same mistakes or make new mistakes that are mandated by these centralized bureaucrats.
It is absolutely wrong.
This whole logic that was floated by Barack Obama when he spoke at Stanford at the Hoover Institute that it's necessary to have propaganda and censorship in order to preserve democracy is absurd on its face.
It is exactly the opposite case.
In order to have a viable democracy, people have to have access to all information.
And even if some of that information is going to be uncomfortable or is going to cause people psychological pain or discomfort, they must have access to it.
They can choose not to encounter that information or view that information.
You know, when somebody posts, when I post something on Twitter,
and right at the bottom almost every time.
My link in bio, big tits here, right?
Okay, what I do, I don't... Oh, you have the same problem I do.
They all do, right?
Twitter is infested now with... Is it just us?
Is it just us?
No, it's all across the board and I don't know why Elon doesn't do something about it.
It's crazy.
But I just click, you know, delete and block.
Bang, bang, bang, bang, bang.
Because I don't want to view that information.

[SPEAKER_01]
And I don't want other people that are on my thread to be viewing it.
I've never seen the ability to delete.
I can see block, but I can't see delete.

[SPEAKER_08]
It's absolutely in there.
So you have a menu of options.
And yep, you can, if it's on your thread,
If it's on my thread.
Yeah, if it's your thread, you control that space.
So next time, if you see stuff that pisses you off, yeah, you know, because somebody is busy.

[SPEAKER_01]
Block, hide, reply, blah, blah, blah.
But I don't see delete anywhere.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.
So mute and then delete will come up if you hit mute.

[SPEAKER_01]
Oh, really?
Delete.
If I'm here, block, block, block.
If I block, I've never seen it come up.

[SPEAKER_08]
So click mute, find my link in bio or whatever the hell it is.
You know, big tits in bio or whatever it is that they put on there.
And then look in the upper right to the dropdown and look at what your options are.

[SPEAKER_01]
Okay.
Well, I'll explore that the next time.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, that's, I mean, I call it weeding the garden.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, there are a lot of weeds in my gardens, let me tell you.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, so that's what I do, many people do, is go through and mute or delete those comments and then block.
It takes time.
Somebody like you has the resources that you can hire somebody to
keep your threads clean.
But my point is only that we all have the option to not access information that we don't wish to view.
And there are enough warning filters.
Unfortunately, they're applied indiscriminately.
So the likes of you and I often provoke warnings on various social media platforms.
And so people are told that they need to not view our information.
They're coached to not view our information.
But I argue that if we are to have a democracy,
If we are to have a viable social contract, the government needs to stop restricting access to information if for no other reason that that information is absolutely necessary for all of us to be able to adapt to cultural and other changing conditions.
And I also argued in my speech in defense of the nation state and diversity of nations that I gave in Romania.
I argue that it is critical for nation states to remain autonomous and sovereign.
or the simple reason, there's many reasons in favor of maintaining national sovereignty.
But if you allow as a nation state, if you allow yourself to become subject to the mandates of a centralized bureaucracy, you will find yourself at a competitive disadvantage to other nation states that refuse to do so.
Nation states that maintain autonomy and freedom will be more effective in adapting to changing conditions.
This is essentially the logic of the free market applied to the nation states.
This is why we cannot tolerate globalism.

[SPEAKER_01]
All right, let's get to questions.

[SPEAKER_03]
I'm back.
I just wanted to say, I feel like since you guys are so accomplished and so smart, I love it.
But somehow I managed to not get the vaccine.
And I also want to thank Dr. Corey for introducing me to Ivermectin.
I was fortunate enough to meet him early on and use that as a prophylaxis.
And I made it clean.
So it's amazing to me that it worked out for me.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.
No, let me, can I address that really quick?
The truth is that those that have come through formal academic training and advanced training have been taught to accept authority.
And the data show that, for instance, if we want to get into the thesis of Matthias Decimate concerning mass formation and
all of the others that relate to that general phenomena space.
The people that are highly educated are often the most susceptible.
We're taught again and again and again through the process of our indoctrination in order to be granted this carrot that we reach for
over years, in my case, 12 years of higher education.
We're taught to be compliant and to accept authority.
And many people that haven't gone through that filter have much greater abilities to resist the propaganda and messaging.
So congratulations to you.
Remember also that historically, there's about 10% of the population, 10 to 20% of the population that is highly resistant to hypnosis and to propaganda in general.
And there's 20% that are highly susceptible.
Aldous Huxley argued in a television interview, black and white interview during the 60s, that this was a good thing.
That without this, nation states would never be able to function.
that nation states must have a compliant, willing component of the population.
And then the fight is over the 60 to 70% of those that are in the middle.
We call that the persuadable middle.
And those are the ones, they're somewhat suggestible, somewhat susceptible to hypnosis and these various propaganda techniques.
And often they'll go along with what they perceive to be the dominant narrative, which is why the great narrative is so important, or as Alex Marinos likes to call it, narrative scaffolds.
But I congratulate you for your ability to perceive the bullshit and to be a skeptic and not accept the propaganda that was thrust on all of us, and in particular, the fear.
You'll recall that
they aggressively weaponized fear.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
Yeah, no doubt.
And thank you for that, Dr. Malone.

[SPEAKER_08]
Extremely potent.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
My background as a...
Absolutely part of PsyOps.
My background as a documentary producer, editor, director, helps me question and always seek the most, the best available data and truth helps me quite a bit.
And also I added a lot of TV commercials throughout my career.
I actually did a lot.
I know propaganda well.
The only thing I would never do throughout my career was pharma ads because I never trusted that they'd spend 30 of the 60 seconds telling you how you could be harmed and be possibly killed by these products.
Also, my mother was on the original trial of OxyContin.
And I saw what it did to her.
So I had a healthy, healthy skepticism of big pharma.

[SPEAKER_08]
And I also worked at that point that you just made, Mr. Sanchez, please do.
They found ways pharma found ways such as the public good project and shots heard around the world.
And there remember the CNN broadcasts with the Sesame, Sesame Street characters from the vaccines.
Yeah, that was full on marketing without those disclaimers.
That was illegal marketing of an unlicensed product, full stop.

[SPEAKER_03]
Great point.
And everyone thought of it that way.
They hit it in children's programming.

[SPEAKER_08]
When that was being deployed, I was still on LinkedIn and Twitter.
And I made the point that people should
report that particular physician that was engaging in that illicit marketing campaign for unprofessional conduct to his licensing boards.
What was done by CNN in those advertisements is illegal, technically, and yet no one was held accountable for it.

[SPEAKER_03]
No, that's a good point that they they're able to get away with that.

[SPEAKER_01]
Do you think anyone's going to be held accountable for what the covid vaccine has done to people?
The half a million or more Americans that have been killed by the covid vaccine.
Do you think anyone's going to be held accountable in the next 20 years?

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, let me respond to the underlying thesis.
Half a million, I think, is probably about the right number.
I've heard that number again and again from multiple independent analyses.
And whether or not all of that is attributable to the jab or to a variety of
dysfunctional public policy positions, which include, by the way, the iatrogenic deaths associated with remdesivir, for example, and the overuse of ventilation is very difficult.

[SPEAKER_01]
I'm not even including that in the 500k, otherwise it would be more.

[SPEAKER_08]
So is anyone going to be held accountable for it?
Right now, on the Hill, so one of the things that differs between you and I, Steve, is that I live an hour and a half south of D.C. and I'm up there almost weekly and I hang out with a lot of influential conservatives that are very involved in the sausage making, let's say.
The other day I did a podcast with, they now call themselves Feds for Freedom.
They used to be Feds for Medical Freedom.
A number of those people are intelligence and they object very much to what's going on.
Right now, the very few senators like Marshall and Ron Johnson,
that are even willing to ask the questions are finding it extremely difficult to get any traction.
And on the house side with the select subcommittee, where I believe it's seven different physicians that sit on that select subcommittee, I mentioned that earlier talking about DASEC and his questioning yesterday and the upcoming questioning of Tony Fauci, by the way.
Those docs, with only one or two exceptions, have strong pharma ties and they have absolutely no interest
in asking questions about the jab and about the adverse events.

[SPEAKER_03]
Is that why they didn't show up to any of Senator Johnson's hearings, like the ones that Steve was at and you were at?
Yes.
Yeah, the House Committee is that.

[SPEAKER_01]
There's only one member there that realizes that vaccines can kill people.
Marjorie Taylor-Green, she's the owner.

[SPEAKER_08]
There are a couple of other members that would object to that characterization, but I take your point and I honor
MTG for her bravery in speaking out.
Absolutely.
But Thomas Massey also is another one that is, you know, an engineer by training that is misrepresented as a wackadoodle guy, but he is a powerful intellect as far as I'm concerned.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, I like him.
Let me go on to the first question, if you don't mind.
This is from Dan MCGraw.
What does mRNA technology have for mankind besides the side effects or death?

[SPEAKER_08]
To be determined, right now what we have is a tech that has, by the way, a fun fact to know is that the Merck porcine custom vaccine
So this is the Merck veterinary vaccine, mRNA vaccine that is being deployed for swine herds, contains no pseudouridine.
Merck doesn't find it necessary to incorporate it.
Neither does CureVac.
The use of pseudouridine, an excessive use of this modified synthetic pseudouridine,
is responsible for many of the problems, but not all, that have been observed.
There's also the problems of, you know, such as, for instance, the frame shifting and misreading and the false, uncharacterized short proteins that are being produced is just one example.
The immunosuppression, the whole reason that pseudouridine was used here by Kuriko and Weissman was to suppress innate immune responses against foreign RNA.
Our bodies are very good at rejecting foreign RNA.
And I'm often accused of having been the inventor of mRNA.
That's bullshit.
mRNA, if anyone invented mRNA, we would have to attribute that to God if you want a sole embodiment or personification of whoever invented mRNA.
I invented the use of synthetic RNA for purposes of delivery using positively charged fats and naked RNA and its use for expressing foreign proteins.
And in that embodiment, as described in my original patents, the RNA has a very short half-life.
Part of the underlying logic that I promoted was that if there were adverse events associated with these synthetic RNAs that were more natural than the ones that are being used with the pseudouridine, then it was a simple matter to not continue dosing.
Whereas with these current products, with the pseudo-uridine included, you have something that's not RNA.
It's a synthetic product that is produced using a chemical reaction involving enzymes, a biologic reaction that has very different properties from natural RNA.
Natural RNA does not have a modified pseudo-uridine in place of all use.
And this is what we're observing is very different from what my original conception was.
But that doesn't mean that the mRNA canonic lipid formulations are without toxicity.
Matter of fact, the reason why I abandoned this technology as a researcher in the 90s was because I could not overcome the toxicity.
These are incredibly inflammatory products.
I moved on to other technologies.
I didn't believe that the problems associated with these products could be overcome with this technology platform, which is why I abandoned it.
And why, when Peter Cullis asserted to me, this is the senior researcher at University of British Columbia, that is really the one that should have, if anyone should have received
Nobel Prize for this embodiment of the technology.
It was not Kuriko and Weissman, it was Peter Cullis.
But Peter assured me that those problems that I had encountered had been overcome largely by new formulations and new chemical structures.
That was a plausible explanation.
It turns out to not be true.
So is
Does mRNA has a platform for essentially gene therapy, which is what it is.
That's another thing that they've denied.
But absolutely, this technology is gene therapy technology.
Why can I say that?
Because I'm the inventor.
Because I was working in a gene therapy lab
and absolutely conceived this as an alternative to viral gene therapy.
That was the intention.
And the use of this for vaccines, I'm going to deploy a term that Steve knows well, vaccine indication was the low-hanging fruit.
You only had to have short bursts of expression of a foreign protein
in order to elicit an adaptive immune response.
So of course, that was the low-hanging fruit, the easiest indication as opposed to trying to cure muscular dystrophy or other inborn errors of metabolism in children.
At the time, I wanted to be a pediatrician and help develop gene therapies to cure inborn pediatric disease, genetic disease.
That was my whole focus.
And the vaccine indication was just
an obvious way to employ this stuff.
So is it ever going to be useful?
Time will tell.
But what I see, for instance, with the recent Moderna hype concerning their trials, their early stage trials with melanoma and head and neck cancer.

[SPEAKER_03]
That was going to be the next question.
So glad you're just rolling right into it.

[SPEAKER_08]
Is that the real issue here is Keytruda.
the Merck drug that is being co-administered, and the press almost never mentions that these are trials involving this licensed Merck product called Keytruda.
What is Keytruda?
Keytruda is a monoclonal antibody that acts to block the ability of our immune system, in brief, to recognize self.
So basically, administration of Keytruda
creates an autoimmune disease, a drug-induced autoimmune disease, which is why one of the major side effects is organ failure associated with Keytruda administration.
Now, why you would take a drug which blocks immune recognition of cells and co-administer it with a custom vaccine
expressing 32 different foreign antigens or novel antigens that have been identified through AI based on biopsy and sequencing of somebody's tumor escapes me.
It is entirely contradictory.
why you would take a drug that blocks the ability of the immune system to recognize self from non-self, and then co-administer a product, a gene therapy product, that expresses 32 different alternate proteins that are derived from AI analysis of genomic sequencing in somebody's tumor.
It just makes no sense.
And I think the extent I predict, we'll see, it's a hypothesis, that the extent that there is any clinical effect here, it's probably attributable to the Keytruda.
And by the way, I don't see evidence of the appropriate controls in these studies.
And what I see is the usual biotech bullshit hype that goes on again and again and again.
I am sick of it.
I've had 30 years of watching this cycle repeat itself.
The company that I was at, Vical, that had the rights to these patents, by the way, I got one US dollar for those patents, one Susan B. Anthony dollar.
That's it.
So that's another one of these aggressive attacks that get deployed against me that I made oodles of money off of my invention.
Bullshit.
I got one dollar.
I got hosed on this whole thing.
A lot of people made a ton of money.
And Vycal was promoted by Wired Magazine as the next Microsoft.
I've seen this hype cycle performed again and again and again, and yet the investor community continues to fall into it.
Now it makes a whole lot of sense because when you see one of these pump and dump cycles get started, the momentum traders flood in and it drives the whole thing up
And then what happens, by the way, I'll give you a little insight into all this.
Meanwhile, the biotech has got a shelf offering that they're busy throwing into this bonfire, generating cash that comes in as investment cash.
And then the bubble pops.
The company
drops in market cap often down to the point where they got to do a reverse split.
But the CEO and his leadership team and the board of directors are laughing all the way to the bank because they get to keep the cash.
Follow the money.
The people that didn't sell during this curve, when all the hype was active,
People that didn't sell end up being the bag holders, the long-term holders of these small biotechs.
And I hope, frankly, as a physician, I hope I'm wrong.
It would be lovely if Moderna had come up with some new breakthrough that was gonna really cure people with head and neck cancer and melanoma.
But my experience teaches to me that this is yet another pump and dump play and it's all about rescuing Moderna market cap which is in the cellar right now.

[SPEAKER_03]
What's your position on what Steve wrote about in a sub stack about the cancers?
I'm not sure if you answered that yet.
It's real and you believe it is
Absolutely.

[SPEAKER_08]
Herbal cancer is real.
And there is at least a half a dozen plausible mechanisms associated with these pseudo-uridine-containing mRNA products that may account for that observation.
But to his credit, Steve, in his opening monologue, spoke about the diversity of cancer responses and that we're not seeing this across all cancers.
And if what we were observing was a broad-based suppression of cellular immune responses, adaptive cellular immune responses,
which is one of the hypotheses for what's driving this, that the underlying thesis that is most often discussed is not that the products, these mRNA pseudo-uridine products, are causing the cancer, but rather they are tumor promoters through an unknown mechanism.
And there's a whole host of potential mechanisms
The shocking thing is that the likes of Steve, a hardware engineer working in computer science his entire life, is making these observations, as are many others, Ed Dowd and so many others.
And of course, we must mention Ryan Cole, if nothing else, for his courage and early leadership in speaking about this.
And he absolutely is well qualified to observe that this phenomena is occurring and seemed to have been one of the earliest canaries in the coal mine.
But what blows my mind is that what we have is widespread denialism
from the established scientific medical pharmaceutical complex and their government enablers, instead of an open-minded willingness to investigate.
In a functional world, all of these things, the safety signals that are being observed, et cetera,
that if we had a CDC that acted with integrity, their response, and I can tell you because I have watched Steve, I have sat in on meetings with him from the earliest days, and what's been fascinating for me is seeing things through his eyes, his incredulousness,
at the government's lack of willingness to actively investigate and question and respond to these data signals, they seem to just dig into the bunkers and engage in denialism and cover-ups
rather than serving the public and acting with integrity and honesty in asking the question.
This is a very simple thing.
Are turbo cancers happening?
Are we seeing a shift towards some of these malignancies in younger cohorts and these malignancies acting more aggressively?
That's a simple question.
It would be easy to answer.
The CDC could do this with a snap of its fingers, but it doesn't want to.
It doesn't want to answer the question.
And maybe if they would act with integrity, they would be able to find and demonstrate to all of us that, no, this is due to sunspots or fentanyl or whatever the hell it is.
It wasn't due to the jab.
Right, it's find out what it is.
But they're so afraid that it's due to the jab that they won't even ask the question.
They won't let anybody else ask the question either.

[SPEAKER_03]
No, and I want to support what you said about Steve.
I've been there at the CDC with Steve, just marching right in, and they just won't look at what he's talking about.
They just won't.
It's amazing.

[SPEAKER_08]
It's denialism.
It's not just the CDC.
This is just what I was talking about with the European Union and this federalism.
The bureaucrats
don't respond openly to questioning.
They dig into foxholes
and bunker down and engage in denialism.
And if you give them the tools, they will deploy censorship, propaganda, and the whole spectrum of psi war technology now that was developed for offshore combat.
That's now all been normalized, that they will deploy that against anybody that they perceive as a threat to their status and their established authority.
Remember that underlying all of this is the Chevron deference policy that establishes that these bureaucrats working for these agencies are considered legally to be the supreme experts.
And the likes of me or Jay Bhattacharya or anybody else, Joe Latipo, are considered to be
secondary, illegitimate, unacceptable.

[SPEAKER_03]
Their credentials and experience don't matter when it goes against their narrative.

[SPEAKER_08]
They don't matter up against a third tier scientific mind that has chosen a track of bureaucracy and safety and pension.
as opposed to functioning as a free-thinking, free-living scientist operating in the competitive environment that is modern science.
Unless the Supreme Court tosses Chevron deference,
That is the reality, is that these third tier scientific minds that infest our bureaucracy are considered to be the true experts and those of us, you know, this was embodied in Peter Mark's
asserting that DNA can't get into the nucleus by transfection.
I mean, that was the most bizarre of all the bizarro episodes I've encountered.
This has to do with the DNA contamination of the RNA.
And he flat out asserted that DNA cannot get into the nucleus and integrate, despite the fact that
Decades of post-docs and graduate students have been doing that specific experiment on a routine daily basis.
And Peter Marks is an oncologist.
He's an MVP as I recall.
He should know better.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
So I want to ask you about NASEM.
NASEM is the National Academy of Science, Engineering and Medicine.
They came out with a report saying, among other things, that the COVID vaccines do not cause Bell's policy.
I looked at the numbers.
Hang on, hang on, hang on.

[SPEAKER_08]
It's a private organization.
It's not actually governmental.

[SPEAKER_01]
No, I know.
I know.
But look, it's stunning that they said this.
They looked at 10 out of 11 papers, said, hey, there is no correlation.
Only one out of the 11 papers that they found in the literature said that it appears to be related to the Jabs.
I looked in theirs.
OK, 98% of the Bell's palsy cases ever reported in the history of theirs
from the COVID vaccine.
Now tell me, tell me how the heck, how the heck do these people at NASEM say that there's no connection when it takes me 30 seconds to find
That is, there's no question.

[SPEAKER_08]
Because they're seeking plausible deniability.
And credit to Pierre Corry for his work and essays and presentations about all of the various nefarious ways that clinical trials can be cooked.
Not the least of which is if you have an inadequate sample size, you'll never be able to demonstrate correlation.
It's very simple.
You just stop enrollment or stop accruing at a certain number, and you can't reach a statistical significance.
And so you say, well, there's no correlation.
That's bullshit.
That's cooked data.
And we have had example after example after example of manipulation of clinical research.
and basically the underlying fraud of the thesis of evidence-based medicine that has come to dominate the entire decision-making matrix right now of medicine.
Medicine is in deep due.
There's no question.

[SPEAKER_01]
Is there any chance that we can get the nascent people to
include the various data and said, hmm, this is interesting.

[SPEAKER_08]
Steve, you're just going around the same merry-go-round again.
I know.
They're not going to look at it.
I'm hoping for sanity.

[SPEAKER_03]
They're brainwashed.

[SPEAKER_08]
No answer.
I generally don't talk about the mRNA anymore.
I don't talk about these adverse events anymore.
It's demoralizing.
I can't believe how corrupt the system is.
How can you have a rational discussion when the data are all cooked?
Right.
Are there any rays of hope?
Have you found any rays of hope?
in anybody in mainstream medicine.
This Cleveland Clinic preprint that's out there right now is an example of a ray of hope.
They state specifically, even though they continue to kind of mealy-mouthed endorse the jabs for high-risk groups, they unequivocally state that the current formulated products
are poorly effective and that, particularly with the multiple boosted population, you see negative effectiveness.
This is basically the second time the clinical clinic is coming out with this.

[SPEAKER_01]
By the way, where's this preprint so people can find it?

[SPEAKER_08]
I you're gonna there's an article coming out from Zack Stiver that goes into it.
Zack cyber of epic times who by the way has been shout out to him has been at the forefront of.
this malfeasance.
And he's got the link.
I've got it here on my laptop, but I'm sorry, I can't just pull it up while we're... Made archive or somewhere else?
A laptop.
So it's out there.
There are these cracks in the wall where little bits of information are coming out, but it's all suppressed.
Nothing gets covered in corporate media, as you know.
Uh, and, um, you know, meanwhile, those of us in the ostensible freedom movement are busy shooting each other in the back.
Um, and so of course, you know, Robert, let me, let me shoot you.

[SPEAKER_03]
It's so ridiculous.
Yeah, we need to get past that for sure.
I want to ask this question.
I want to just because we're getting long here from Jeanne.
In the spirit of true fifth dimensional warfare, what role does learning who the resistant 10% are through the COVID-19 vaccine campaign mean for big government?
What do they do with these people?
What comes next for these people who cannot be brainwashed?

[SPEAKER_08]
So I'll give you an example.
The other day in Romania, I met a fascinating mother, Colorado mother and her husband.
Let's see, her name is a song associated with it, and I'm blanking on her name.
on on her name it's it's uh... who's the band that wrote the song who's the artist
It's one of the new wave groups, I think, or late kind of 80s rockers.
My, Sharona, Sharona is her name.

[SPEAKER_03]
The Knack.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, okay, Sharona is broadcasting right now for Mike Lindell.
So, Sharona had started reading
some of the ridiculous policies that were coming out from Colorado school boards.
And her just reading this went viral.
This is much like the Libs of TikTok story.
And as a consequence, there were electoral changes in a variety of Colorado school boards.
The Biden administration
was able to get a warrant.
And one day in the middle of the night, Sharona, who has, I think, four kids, had a knock on the door with a demand to open up.
And looked outside, saw the FBI, got the kids in bed,
And just as they broke down the unlocked door, arrested her and her husband, and paraded them for the press on the basis of this warrant, and there were never any charges filed.
They were not able to find anything.
This is what's going on.
is selected people are being targeted in a variety of different ways to serve as examples to shut down the rest.
We're all caught up in this nuance of these truth spirals and everything else that's going on around this COVID crisis and the jab and the drugs and all the malfeasance and data manipulation.
And often we lose track of these parallel initiatives that are going on where the same kind of policies and procedures and behaviors are being weaponized in a variety of other topic areas, including the topic area of transsexuality, the sex education policies and sexualization of children.
the weaponization of the assertion that Christian fundamentalists are terrorist threats to the government.
I mean, there are layers and layers of these parallel issues that are all experiencing this same type of heavy-handed government repression.
and it's all being deployed under the same logic with, you know, and we just had all of that renewed.
Thank you, Speaker of the House.
So, you know, what's going to happen and where's this going to go?
It's going to get a lot worse before it gets better.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, they're going to use climate change to come after just about everybody.

[SPEAKER_08]
Climate change is one, you know, pretty soon it's going to be, you know,
another terrorist act for you to object to the WEF and the transhuman agenda.
Pretty soon, we're going to be hit with, you know, why are you such a racist because you're anti-robot?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
Yeah.
Question for you, Dr. Malone, from Matrix 74.
Did Dr. Malone get his blood checked for the presence of spike protein after all this time?
Is his body still producing the spike?
I have no idea.

[SPEAKER_08]
I have been through a
So, like you, I was an early advocate for ivermectin.
I actually very actively and aggressively promoted Pierre's position and sought to get his initial review published and work closely with him and then had that shut down by Frontiers and Pharmacology.
I benefited from Merrill Nass having prescribed ivermectin for me.
I got an immediate response in terms of stamina, but then things got worse again.
And then finally, among other things, my bad in terms of everybody wants to claim they're a victim of pharma, et cetera, but there's often things that we can do ourselves in order to
Overcome a lot of these symptoms and in my case I gained a lot of weight.
I was sitting around on my ass working on the computer all the time and stress eating And I put myself up over 190.
I'm not a big big person.
I know everybody thinks I'm so tall.
Um No big facetious so I
changed my diet.
I used to be a vegetarian.
I'm now very much a carnivore.
I've actively engaged in a weight loss program.
I'm now down to about 160.
And I went through a protocol that's a modification of the Pierre Cori FLCCC protocol, which involves steroids, ivermectin, and a number of other things.
But I have lasting cardiac damage.
I'm on fairly high doses of beta blockers.
For my 45th wedding anniversary down in St. Thomas, I got dehydrated and developed atrial fibrillation.
My original vaccine damage was life-threatening.
I had a systolic to over 230 and a number of other symptoms I've spoken about on multiple podcasts.
So for the rest of my life, I'm going to be dealing with the fact that I have cardiac damage.
I'm scheduled for an echocardiogram to assess the extent of that a week and a half from now.

[SPEAKER_01]
So any doubt in your mind that that damage was from the vaccine?

[SPEAKER_08]
No, absolutely none.
No, no doubt at all.
And in fact, the safe and effective vaccine, both of the lots that I received
are identified at Moderna, are identified as hotlots by the how bad is my batch data aggregation.
This is another one of the bizarro things about all these accusations that get thrown at me.
The other day someone was introducing me and summarizing key highlights from my Joe Rogan interview.
and spoke at length in that introduction about how I went on Joe Rogan and described my own vaccine injury, which at the time was heresy.
Nobody was doing that.
It was one of the first times where someone that had scientific credentials and medical credentials came on a major alternative media channel and discussed what harms they had received.
Because everybody was so afraid to admit
that they had taken the product and even though the damage was widespread, nobody wanted to admit it.
It's been my practice all the way through this to try to be as open and transparent as I can even when it's not in my personal self-interest.
It doesn't enhance my reputation.
Matter of fact, it's one of the things that's weaponized against me.
Why did you take the jab?
When you're so smart, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
A bunch of assholes.
Why do they want to shoot at me for admitting that I did this and acknowledging that I had medical damage associated with it?

[SPEAKER_01]
What do you think the stats are for people who actually realize that they have been injured or that a family member died from the vaccine?
What percentage of people do you think are actually speaking out publicly about that?
Are we seeing just 1%?
Because I certainly know of...

[SPEAKER_08]
I think it's in the range of 1 to 10%.
And I think that what's happening by the likes of those of us that have encountered these effects
speaking publicly, what it's done is it's started to normalize that so that people are feeling more comfortable.
In the last two days, I've had two separate people come to me discussing the issue of
their partner, young people, seeking long-term partnerships and expressing reservations because the partner has taken the vaccine usually under duress, coercion.
In one case, it's a woman who's recently completed her medical training is now seeking full-time employment as a physician.
and had to accept the booster because they're still mandating it for physicians that are working in a hospitalist environment.
And this has caused a major conflict between this young woman and her intended.
And I have to counsel these people, you know what, there's merit.
To your being concerned about your partners receiving these female partners because I'm convinced that the information concerning spontaneous abortions is real that there does seem to be a correlation here and it's it it has the benefit of having a
Physiologic logic, you know as we discussed so long ago Steve with the Biodistribution and in this odd tendency of these products to accumulate an ovarian tissue You know that that People there there I'm convinced that there are reproductive harms here
And what that equates to is people having to make very hard decisions about long-term relationships if they are interested in having children.
with people that have received these products and whether or not it's going to impact on their fertility.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, I want to ask you a question, just a basic question about vaccines.
Is it possible to create a vaccine which provides better immunity than getting the disease and recovering from it, getting the real disease and recovering from it?

[SPEAKER_08]
So the answer is in theory, yes.
And that's the whole logic behind recombinant vaccines.
such as this kind of gene therapy based vaccine logic.
Remember, it's not just RNA and DNA, it's also recombinant adenovirus and other platforms.
The Ebola vaccine that Merck markets is essentially a recombinant viral vaccine.
The logic is that intact viruses, including notably coronavirus, have evolved mechanisms and pathways for immune evasion.
That's why they can persist in animal populations, and we're animals, is because they have evolved mechanisms to evade adaptive immunity.
And so the underlying logic is that if you can express key antigens in the absence of those proteins or mechanisms that suppress adaptive immunity,
that you might be able to elicit an adaptive long-term response without the mucking about that the virus does to tweak that response so that it's short-lived and maladaptive.
Okay, so that's the theory.

[SPEAKER_01]
In practice, is there a vaccine which achieves superior immunity versus the real thing?

[SPEAKER_08]
I don't know of an example.
They may exist, but for instance, influenza is a great example.
Personally, I don't accept the annual influenza vaccine.
In fact, it's disputed, but there's a rich literature, as you know, having to do with
the effects of repeat administration of these products resulting in a type of energy or lack of adaptive response or suppression of adaptive response.
This is the original antigenic sin.
And remember that the standard
method that rheumatologists use for children that present with seasonal allergies or other specific allergies is basically hyper immunization.
It's repeated jabs with an antigen, whether that's, you know,
a grass pollen or whatever is identified as the inciting allergen, that's high zone tolerance.
It's routinely used.
Every parent knows that this is an option if their child has problems with adaptive allergies as they go to a rheumatologist or an allergist.
And they receive allergy shots.
What are allergy shots?
They are repeated high dose administrations of the antigen in order to suppress the immune response.
The immune system is incredibly sophisticated and complicated.
And this whole logic that we hear again and again, that more is better.
You know, well, we just need to dose it again.
I'm sorry, that that is so grossly naive.
Yeah, never made sense to me.

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, so so the requirement that someone get vaccinated is also nonsensical.

[SPEAKER_08]
If you have absolutely this is this is another example illustrating my core thesis that you get these third rate bureaucrat minds that implement these mandates.
without understanding what they're doing.
It is the bane of humanity.
It's a kissing cousin.
And you can't argue with any of them, can you?
Absolutely not.
And the courts won't allow you to argue because of Chevron deference.
They are defined as the experts.

[SPEAKER_01]
They're the experts.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, we are reaching the top of the next episode.
I'm going to end the questions here.
And Dr. Malone, thank you for your time, your graciousness.
I appreciate you being here tonight.
And I also want to give you a shout out for PlanDemic, the musical.
Steve and I got to watch that, the premiere, and you have several great moments in that.
When it's available, go see it so you can see Dr. Malone's acting.
It's Oscar worthy, if you ask me.

[SPEAKER_08]
I'll wait with all the director, trust me.
There you go.

[SPEAKER_03]
Again, thank you, Dr. Malone, for being with us and for all your generous time you gave us tonight.

[SPEAKER_08]
Thank you for your commitment to truth in this cause.
I think
You know, we all have common cause here, guys.
Let's stop this bloody circular firing squad crap and recognize... Bobby Kennedy, I think, said it well.
You need to look at the reponderance of the contribution of an individual.
And if on the whole, it's positive, that's good enough.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well said.
Well said.
Thank you so much.
Thank you.
Carry on.
Everyone else hang in there.
I've got a few announcements to make and you're going to want to see the clip from, as Dr. Malone referenced, Peter Daszak's hearing.
Wow, that was a marathon, Steve.
I thought it was actually going to be shorter because I know Dr. Malone's probably a little jet lagged, so very much appreciative of the time he gave us.
Absolutely.
Before I let everyone go, I want to say here that we are a 501C3, as you all know, and you probably get tired of me hearing me say it, but we will be having an epic fundraising benefit show on May 23rd with some big names you all know and love.
But right now we're trying to raise donations tonight to help us fund through the end of this month.
So here's how you can help us tonight.
uh vsa text vsrf to five three five five five and please give what you can we still have our pet swag from last week show for those of you who can give a bit more and want to score some cool pet swag here's what you can get for a hundred dollars the valentina t-shirt where's valentina tonight steve i thought for sure she'd make a cameo appearance she's avoiding me this time i think she got smart from the last time she got caught she's afraid well for a

[SPEAKER_01]
I'm staying away from Steve at that hour.

[SPEAKER_03]
Um, and for 150, you can get the Valentina t-shirt plus the pet bandana, which Valentina graciously modeled for us last week.
I don't have the clip anymore.
Yeah, there.
That's great.
So, um, please help support VSRF today.
And speaking of support, I'm going to switch screens here for our, um, I'm going to switch screens here.
We have, speaking of support, we have another amazing donor spotlight for this week's show.
For tonight's amazing donor spotlight, we are featuring the lovely H from California.
H recently wrote us in honor of the incredibly talented and hardworking team at VSRF and Steve Kirsch's groundbreaking and courageous work.
If anyone can win this fight, it will be Steve and this VSRF team.
Wow.
What a compliment to all of us here at VSRF.
And I want to thank everyone on our VSRF team behind working behind the scenes, Janet and Lisa and Jeannie and Angela.
And Hillary, yeah, we're all very grateful for all of your support.
I was going to go into the WHO treaty as well, but I'm just going to remind everyone as quickly as I can that to check out our new the door to freedoms web page is only 24 days left before the meeting and vote in Geneva to approve the World Health Organization Treaty and amendments in the international health regulations.
That happens later this month on May 27th.
And we need to raise hell from now until then.
and go to the Door to Freedom website.
There's a lot you can do.
Janet's going to put it all in the chat.
Click on all those links, but I'm going to blow through a lot of the other things I was going to say because we're running really long.
We're currently also busy working on establishing a locals channel.
We are hoping to build a strong community where we can all engage with each other on a consistent basis and we hope everybody in our chat will join once we are up and running and we will keep you posted on that for sure.
What else do I have to say?
A reminder to check out our VSRF swag shop at VSRF, I'm sorry, vacsafety.org and click on the shop button and we have all of your favorites, including the misinformation super spreader t-shirt too, so order now.

[SPEAKER_01]
My favorite.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, yeah, I was gonna wear it tonight, but I think I need to, I've been wearing it a bunch lately, so.
And then also next week,
Next week's gonna be another fun show.
We will have the founder of the Reawaken America Tour, Clay Clark, joining us again to talk about what's in the shots and the war on our DNA and how to protect ourselves.
So be sure to tune in next Thursday for what promises to be another thought-provoking and enlightening discussion.
When I think those are all the announcements I have a breath left for this long night.
Thank you for joining us, everyone.
Steve, thank you for being here as always.
And again, thanks to Dr. Malone for joining us.
I'm going to leave us with this Dasik clip from the hearing yesterday.
Have a great evening, everyone, and have a great weekend.
We'll see you next week.

[SPEAKER_02]
So you acknowledge you've received a grant in 2014, NAID.
awarded an EHA grant entitled Understanding the Risk of that Coronavirus Emergence to your organization, correct?
Yep.
And once COVID outbreak happened, you
labeled the lab leak theory as conspiracy theory?

[SPEAKER_00]
That's not what I said, actually.
I said that there were conspiracy theories at the time that we wrote about in our letter in Lancet, including HIV sequences in the virus and snake DNA, very bizarre things.

[SPEAKER_02]
Your opinion was used to help, you said trust the scientist, not necessarily because of you.
I don't know that you had any contact with social media companies.
Did you have contact with social media companies?
during that time?

[SPEAKER_00]
Well, I've posted things.

[SPEAKER_02]
As far as having, you know, a number of the scientists, their opinions were banned.
Our government even worked to help ban some of those scientific opinions that differed than yours.
Would you acknowledge that that was bad practice, at least, that our government helped work with social media companies to help
banned certain scientific bands.
Do you think that benefited science?
Do you think that was?

[SPEAKER_00]
I think there's been a lot of misinformation.
There still is on social media.
I think it's good that social media companies are going to scientists to get information about whether the data they're putting out is true or false.

[SPEAKER_02]
There were virologists who had years of experience who had differing opinions who were silent, licensed threatened to be revoked, all those different kind of things.
in the name of science.
We had Fauci almost declare himself to be science.
Those kind of things, I think, put a deep distrust in the American people for some of the institutions we are now asking them to rely upon.
Looking back, do you think there was any error in that?
Are you concerned about that?
Or do you think, hey,

[SPEAKER_00]
I think, you know, as I said in my opening statement, the emotions during a pandemic are very high.
We have loved ones.
We've all had that.
We've all had our children infected by COVID and worrying that they're going to get really sick.
And we know people who've died, and it's very upsetting, very tragic.
I think the emotions lead to a sort of hyper reaction to some of these things.
I think that we should trust our scientists, and I think that the head of a government institute that's set up to work on infections... Knowing what you know now, do you regret working with the lab in Wuhan?
Look, our mission is to prevent pandemics.
Pandemics emerge in bad places.

[SPEAKER_02]
Knowing what you know now, so you regret working with them.
Not debating what you knew then.
It's our mission.

[SPEAKER_00]
It's to do this.
We don't do this because we want to go and work in foreign countries and risk our lives.
Pandemics emerge there.
If we can stop them there, we stop them getting here.
That's what we do.
It's written into our mission.

[SPEAKER_02]
Now, you said there's no evidence to a lab leak theory.
That's what you've said today a couple of times.

[SPEAKER_00]
What I said, there's zero verifiable scientific evidence.
Zero.

[SPEAKER_02]
OK.
But we have evidence that the Wuhan lab destroyed data.
Does that concern you at all?

[SPEAKER_00]
Yes.
Any lab that destroys data concerns me.

[SPEAKER_02]
OK. Knowing what you know now, do you regret working with the Wuhan lab?
As I said.
Do you think working with labs that destroy data are

[SPEAKER_00]
I have no choice.
We work in countries where diseases emerge, whether they're our allies or our competitors.
Because our goal is to stop those diseases from emerging.

[SPEAKER_02]
So one of the troubling things for us when we go home, because we're representing the taxpayers, no doubt most of them are not virologists or scientists, but they're going, we're paying money to fund research in a country that's in unrestricted warfare against us
that destroys evidence, and then you still are like, well, maybe we should continue working with them.

[SPEAKER_00]
I recognize those concerns, absolutely.
But if we want to prevent the next pandemic coming out of China, how do we know when it's going to happen?
We need scientists on the ground to get that information so we're better prepared.

[SPEAKER_02]
Do you maintain that the lab leak theory is a plausible theory today?

[SPEAKER_00]
As I've said all the way through this, it's possible, but extremely unlikely.

[SPEAKER_02]
And having done it over, you would continue to work with the Wuhan lab?

[SPEAKER_00]
Well, there are a lab in China that does virology research.

[SPEAKER_02]
This weighs into, like, your organization is still receiving taxpayer funds, and you're still making decisions on which labs across the world that you're going to.

[SPEAKER_00]
We don't work in China.
We don't work with the Wuhan lab.

[SPEAKER_02]
They're debarred from funding.
But the taxpayer right now is trusting you, in some essence,
Through the various recommended channels to make decisions on on who we're working with and if you're if you're picking labs and you don't think it's an issue that a lab destroy data and that's not a disqualifying factor.

[SPEAKER_00]
That's a concern.
Well, let me remind you, we didn't pick a lab.
We proposed to do research with that lab.
The State Department and NIH reviewed it and said that lab was on the list of labs that are preferred to work with.

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, I'm out of time.
And I know Dr. Fauci will be here.
But there's the quote, layers of accountability have become layers of plausible deniability in these different institutions.
Well, that's a fact what I just said.
It really is a fact.
And so we'll have to dig into that because my time is up.
Thank you, Chairman.
I yield back.

[SPEAKER_00]
I'll send you the information about it.
