[SPEAKER_09]
religion somebody's sailing in life somebody wants all the strife and division is driving us out of our mind
Telling the world not to trust their own eyes Telling the people they're wrong Keeping the truth for their power and gain Taking whatever we've got If you're wearing glasses and not doing this one thing every morning
Some of you eat all the life you've been fed Some of you just go along Training acceptance inside of your head To give them whatever they want
Leaving your brothers and sisters behind You're cold, it's the best thing to do You're shutting out friends, cause you're told that's what's right Now they win, because all of us lose And it's so leaving your roses
Watching these times as they change, and it's so bad.
The battle's been violent and strange.
Has they locked us in doors in a prison of this silent war?
You're the same one who made the disease And they'll try to convince you and make you feel sure But hey, there ain't no guarantees They covered your mouth and they tied back your hands They did it to all of the kids
Nobody knows all the damage it's done It won't ask until the master permits And it's so sad Watching these times as they change And it's so sad
Battles been violent and strange We all shout behind doors In a prison of this silent war So take back your freedom And fight for your life Stand up before it's all gone
Take back your freedom and fight for your life Stand up before it's all gone Cause it's so sad
Watching these times as they change And it's so bad The battle's been violent and strange We can't let them take more We can't let them win this silent war
So take back what is yours.
Do not let them win this silent war.

[SPEAKER_07]
Tonight on VSRF Live, we welcome pediatrician Dr. Elizabeth Mumper, author of the new book Kids and COVID, Costly Mistakes That Must Never Happen Again.
We'll examine the catastrophic impacts on kids from COVID era policies, the links between early life medical exposures and the explosion of childhood diseases.

[SPEAKER_03]
I was practicing and a mom came in and said my kid had a fever last night or my kid pulling at his ear.
I did not believe them.
I took the rest of the history and examined them.
But so many families have told me when they went back to their doctor and said, you gave this vaccine, immediately the child's cry was different.
He started arching his head back, which to me means encephalitis until proven otherwise.
He's not been right since.
Then we tell them, you must be wrong.
You must not really know your child.
Know that can't happen.
The vaccine reactions are one in a million.
And I think we really have to listen to the parents and respect what they are teaching us.

[SPEAKER_07]
Hello and welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm your host, Livio Sanchez.
I'm so glad you're here with us tonight.
We have an incredible show lined up with our guest, Dr. Elizabeth Mumper, a respected pediatrician, educator, and author of the brand new book, Kids and COVID, Costly Mistakes That Must Never Happen Again.
She'll be joining us shortly to talk about her new book, her work, and the vital questions both projects raise about children's health, medical transparency, and accountability in modern medicine.
But first, wow, what a couple of weeks it's been.
I just returned from two incredible gatherings.
The Brownstone Institute's Great Transition Conference and Gala in Salt Lake City and the Children's Health Defense International Conference Moment of Truth in Austin, Texas.
And I want to say that I'm so grateful for the opportunity to meet so many incredible people who watch VSRF Live in person.
Listening to all your stories of being canceled and discarded by friends and family,
for speaking truth to power was heartbreaking yet comforting in that we are not alone in our struggle to stand up for our freedom and for what we believe.
At the Brownstone conference, the overarching theme was about how there's a weird thing going on in which people want to pretend like COVID didn't happen and want to deny the madness we endured around COVID, the lockdowns, the masking, the forced injections.
as if these things never happened.
So many just want to move on and get back to normal, whatever that is.
But we can't do that unless we address what happened and confront that head on.
And that was another theme continuing at CHD conference is that we can't move on until we truly understand and acknowledge what went wrong and fix what was broken.
and that includes justice for those who were harmed or lost their lives due to vaccine injuries, mandates, and failed public health policies.
Healing only happens when there is truth, transparency, and acknowledgement.
When we can once again trust our doctors, our public health leaders and our federal agencies and when there is real justice for the vaccine injured and for those no longer with us.
That's why the vaccine safety research foundation exists to keep these conversations alive to shine light where others won't.
and to keep pressing for accountability, compassion, and truth.
Recently, I put together a short video that captures what many of the accomplishments we achieve together here at BSRF, the voices we've elevated, the lives we've touched, and the truth we continue to fight for.
Here's the video.
Have a look.
We were told to trust the science, but trust was betrayed.
The vaccine injured were ignored and abandoned.
Doctors were threatened and truth-tellers were silenced.

[SPEAKER_06]
I was minding my own business as a high-tech executive in Silicon Valley, the pandemic hit.
I looked around for what I could do to make a difference.

[SPEAKER_07]
Founded by tech entrepreneur Steve Kirsch, the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation has challenged government narratives with data, transparency, and courage.

[SPEAKER_06]
According to over 12 studies, the vaccines are killing at least 15 people for every person that it might save.

[SPEAKER_05]
You had this kind of indignation that made you just relentless on this issue.
And you've been such a gift to this moment, Steve.

[SPEAKER_07]
Our mission is to advance vaccine safety through scientific research, public education, and advocacy, and to support the vaccine injured.

[SPEAKER_01]
What these injured need is they need to be acknowledged.
They need treatment.

[SPEAKER_09]
Multiple doctors tell me they've never seen this before, that it's just a coincidence that it's happening to me now.

[SPEAKER_02]
And the doctor comes in, his incisions aren't even healed up.
He's struggling to breathe.
And he said, hands me a form and says, I want to give them nine vaccines today.

[SPEAKER_07]
We've taken the fight public, spreading truth at public hearings, meetings and gatherings, along with organizing historic events like Defeat the Mandates, DC and LA, and the COVID litigation conferences.

[SPEAKER_06]
You have to hold these people accountable for their actions.

[SPEAKER_07]
We help fund and amplify courageous films breaking through censorship walls and reaching millions worldwide.
And every week we shine light through VSRF Live.
Now over 200 episodes strong.
Giving a voice to vaccine-injured and medical truth-tellers from around the world.
Because informed consent is a human right.
This is VSRF.
Question everything.
Demand truth.
VSRF is a non-profit organization and we rely entirely on you, our audience and supporters to keep going.
Your donations make it possible for us to bring you important discussions, like tonight's, to advocate for the vaccine injured, to fund independent research, and to hold public health institutions accountable.
We've come so far together, but we need your help to carry this mission into 2026 and beyond.
We have exciting plans for next year, including a possible COVID litigation conference three new research initiatives and expanded outreach for the injured, their families.
and the physicians who care for them.
If you value our work, please consider making a donation tonight at vsrflive.com backslash donate.
I'll flash this on the screen.
You can also reach us at donate text vsrf253555.
It's vsrf253555.
If you can make a donation, every donation counts.
Every contribution helps us keep truth, compassion, and courage alive.
All right, now let's move on.
I'd like to bring on the founder of the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation, Steve Kersh.
Steve, welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you this evening?
Oh, and you are muted.

[SPEAKER_06]
I don't know how that happened.

[SPEAKER_07]
I think I may have muted you before we started.

[SPEAKER_06]
I'm back.
Yep.

[SPEAKER_07]
Great to see you.
Great to see you in person in Austin.
Your speech was fantastic.
You received a standing ovation before you even started and at the end again that was just wonderful.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, apparently there were a few of my readers in the audience.
It seemed like it was everybody I ran into was saying, love your sub snack and been following you for years and all that.
So very gratifying.

[SPEAKER_07]
Greatly appreciated.
What are some of your takeaways from the CHD conference?

[SPEAKER_06]
Oh, man.
It is going to be just a long, long struggle.
It should be obvious to people that what's going on, but it's just so disheartening that, I mean, like the room had a thousand people in it.
A thousand people who are going to sort of die hard on this.
That room ought to be like a hundred thousand people.
That was, um, so I think that was, that was interesting.
Um, but, um, uh, you know, great, great group of, uh, speakers and, and people and, uh, people finding this from all different, uh, directions.
So, uh, you know, saw some old friends, uh, Jessica Rose, I sat next to, uh, Nick Hulsher and, uh, we chatted about data and,
During the event two of my friends who were vaccine injured had had seizures Which was quite quite shocking that you know in the span of just two days to have two friends having seizures from a vaccine injury from basically one shot of Moderna each It just shows you the extent of the problem and it's still unrecognized
So, you know, I had FaceTime with Brett Weinstein.
And, you know, it was good.
Joe Lattapo spoke to him in person again, so made a little inroads there.
We'll see.
So, you know, I'm optimistic.

[SPEAKER_07]
That's good, that's good.
Yeah, I actually, you know, we keep hearing with our friend Amanda, she keeps struggling with her health from her vaccine injury.
And Mila Ratatich was the other one you were referencing who's worked with us when we had the college show.
And I, I bared witness to her seizure.
And it's just jarring and shocking to see it up close and personal.
And here's what I learned is like, if you call 911 or an ambulance,
and send her to the ER, they don't know what to do with her or with any of the vaccine injured that are struggling with these kinds of injuries.
And so it's actually not helpful for them to go to the ER.
And so they just have to persevere and go through these incidents.
And it's so tragic.
And they are ignored.
And to see it up close, that was difficult.

[SPEAKER_06]
Uh, yeah.
Yeah.
And, uh, also ran into, uh, my friends who make their chlorine dioxide.
So that was, uh, frontier frontier pharmaceuticals, although you can, um, snoot spray.
I think if you go to snoot spray.com, um, you can find them there too.
And so learned about some of their products and ended up ordering them and writing a sub stack on them.

[SPEAKER_07]
Oh, fantastic.
Yeah, I have to get on that tip.
I have not tried it yet, but I think I'm going to start.
Well, let's bring on our special guest for the evening, Dr. Elizabeth Mumper.
Dr. Mumper, welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you?

[SPEAKER_03]
I am doing great, Luyo.
And thanks to you and Steve for inviting me to be on tonight.

[SPEAKER_07]
Thank you so much for being here.
And I feel like I just saw you was at Brownstone.
So I later on we can get into some of what we experienced at the Brownstone Institute Conference.
But before I let you and Steve get started, I want to read your bio.
Dr. Elizabeth Mumper is a respected pediatrician, educator, and author whose life's work has been dedicated to improving the health and futures of children.
She is the president and CEO of the Rimland Center for Integrative Medicine in Lynchburg, Virginia.
where she leads advocates for children and advocates for families, two sister practices providing both general pediatrics and specialized care for autism and neurodevelopmental conditions, a former medical director of the Autism Research Institute and Longtime University of Virginia faculty member, Dr. Mumper has spent decades bridging conventional pediatrics,
with integrative evidence-based care and mentoring physicians around the world.
She currently serves as Senior Fellow of Pediatric Education for the Independent Medical Alliance, where she authored the I Care for Kids Guide to Help Families Prevent and Manage COVID-related Illness in Children.
Her latest book, Kids and COVID, Costly Mistakes That Must Never Happen Again, takes a courageous look at the policies that harm children during the pandemic and charts a path toward truth
accountability and healing.
And it's a fantastic book.
You should all run out or go out and buy that book.
And I'm going to pop that on the screen here just so we can just share the cover of that book.
Kids and COVID Costing Mistakes That Must Never Happen Again.
And okay.
All right, I'm going to let you guys have at it and I'll be back later for some questions and audience Q&A and want to remind our audience, if you do have questions for Dr. Mumper or Steve or myself, put them in the chat all caps and we'll get to as many as we can after the interview.
Take it away, Steve.

[SPEAKER_06]
Okay, so many places to start.
Let's start with autism.
How many autistic kids approximately have you seen over your career?

[SPEAKER_03]
About 600 Steve, I have gotten these wonderful opportunities to mentor other clinicians in other countries.
So when I say 600, I'm including the ones that I consulted on with other physicians.
It's been devastating to hear the same stories over and over and over again, and a
significant conclusion that I draw from my work with these children is that there are ways that we can intervene to stem the tide of this horrible tsunami of kids.
Clearly, you can't have a genetic epidemic of the proportions that we've seen.
And yet, the government wasted literally billions of dollars looking for the autism gene.
And in fact, we
know that there have to be environmental factors.
And so we as the adults, as the guardians of our children and the guardians of the planet need to take some really hard looks at potential environmental causes and try to intervene so that we don't continue to have so many children with autism.
When I was a medical student, autism was one in 5,000.
When the latest data came out,
which is basically old data because the CDC waits until the children are eight years old to send out the data.
And then they take about four years to crunch the numbers, but we're talking.

[SPEAKER_06]
They're using old computers.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
I mean, you could do that in what?
Eight minutes, probably.
I don't know.

[SPEAKER_06]
But I crunched the 11 million record check database and did a full time series analysis using four different doses.
And it took five minutes.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
Well, I don't know how the CDC takes four years.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
They need you.

[SPEAKER_03]
They need your help.

[SPEAKER_06]
They haven't reached out to me.
I would like to chat with people there, but it seems like the main cause of autism is vaccines.
If we just got rid of those, that would make a huge difference.

[SPEAKER_03]
I do think that we have to think of vaccines as probably the primary environmental trigger.
I include it as an environmental trigger because we as physicians are iatrogenically giving them.
And there are a number of errors that I think we make when we follow the CDC schedule.
The first is that everybody's treated the same.
You know, we should be thinking about our patients as individuals.
And yet the story most parents tell me is that, you know, the doctor looks at the age of the child and says, well, today is the day that you're due to get all these vaccines.
and then the nurse comes in and gives that.
I think there needs to be individual decision-making.
We don't typically take into consideration factors like, is the child currently ill?
The American Academy of Pediatrics actually had a campaign called Grab them and Stab them, which was in the 90s, where they were like, whenever you have a kid coming in, if they have a ear infection, you're putting them on antibiotics, don't forget, if they're doing any vaccines, go ahead and do those.
We know now that kids that when they're sick or already under oxidative stress and getting a bunch more vaccines is going to further tax their mitochondria.
So I don't want people to continue to do that.
And then we have to look very critically at the ingredients in the vaccines.
You know, some of my colleagues have shown very compelling data that using the CDC schedule puts kids into acute aluminum toxicity.
every time they go for a well-baby checkup and then they are in chronic aluminum toxicity for the first 12 months of life.
And aluminum is a known neurotoxin.
It's also a known inducer of autoimmunity.
So we need to think critically about why we are injecting so much of that into children and then not adjusting that once we see all these devastating effects

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, why are we, why are we vaccinating them at all?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, you raise a great question because in the current state of affairs, in the current times, I and many other people who have studied this critically firmly believe that the chronic effects that are bad from our current vaccine schedule have now outstripped any purported good.
So the risks of having bad vaccine reactions are higher than the risks of contracting the disease that the vaccines are meant to help you avoid.
And we should always remember that we have ways now to treat some of those diseases that were viewed as so deadly.
The other thing that you know, Steve, but I don't know that all your viewers do is that the dreaded diseases like
for example, pertussis and measles declined dramatically as a result of public health measures and sanitation and better food.
And that was long before the vaccines ever came on board.
So there's a legend, there's a mythology that surrounds vaccines, but the hard science doesn't justify them as much as most people would think.

[SPEAKER_06]
Why do you think people vaccinate their kids?
Do you think they do it because they think they're going to save the kid's life?
Or do you think they're going to do it to save the kid from having a disease that they'll recover from in four days so we'll prevent them from getting an infection?
What do you think the primary reason that parents
vaccinate kids or is it because they think that it will prevent their kid from injuring another kid?
Like what is the primary motivator for a parent to to vaccinate?
What do they think they're doing?
Why do states require vaccination to attend school?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, I think that both the legislators and many parents have been told and believe
that vaccines are a great thing and that they're going to prevent children from getting ill and potentially dying.

[SPEAKER_06]
But between the two of them, is it the mortality or is it the morbidity?
What is the primary driver?

[SPEAKER_03]
Um, I don't know, because I think so many, uh, parents have just been sort of conditioned to think that it's the right thing to do and the best thing to do.

[SPEAKER_06]
Right.
They don't even think about, they don't even think about the why, right?
If I were to ask parents, why are you vaccinating?
Is it mortality or morbidity?
And how do you judge the relative weight of those?
Because I think you're right that people just think of it as, oh, it's the thing to do.
Of course, why would you even question it?
But in fact,
It doesn't make sense from a morbidity point of view, and it doesn't make sense for a mortality point of view.
So it's a completely nonsensical intervention.
And people are using both of those, maybe interchangeably, or one weighted more than the other.
And yet neither of them are true.
And so the very reason for vaccinating kids, whether it's mortality or morbidity or both, neither of those are true.

[SPEAKER_03]
But parents think that their mortality is a lot worse than it really is.

[SPEAKER_06]
But it's not.
The CDC did a study finally in 2017 after, of course, all these states required it based on no data.
So the CDC finally collected the data and showed that the vaccines may know mortality difference whatsoever.
No mortality difference whatsoever.

[SPEAKER_03]
Do you think know that Steve?
I don't think.

[SPEAKER_06]
Zero people at the people at the conference didn't know Dave Weldon didn't know.
Nobody knew.
You know, I wrote it about it in my sub stack a few weeks before the conference.
CDC paper.
In fact, I didn't know about that CDC paper.
The only way I knew about it is I went to chat GPT and I said, hey, are there any mortality studies between the vaxed and the unvaxed?
And they, and it came back and said, yep, found one CDC 2017 VSD study, no mortality difference if you get the shots or not.
So it's kind of like,
We don't – like nobody knows this study exists.
There's no benefit from the vaccines, from a mortality point of view.
And yet, nobody knows that.
You would think that it would be headlines that everybody would know that, hey, the emperor has no clothes.
This is one of those moments where the CDC actually – now,
By the way, for the CDC to admit that there's no difference, it means that there was probably, if you looked at five-year-old, six-year-old, seven-year-old, eight-year-old, they suffered more than the unvaccinated.
Because the paper just said, well, up to four years old, there's no difference.
Why would they stop at four years old?
Why wouldn't they stop at 18?
They have the data.
Why did they stop it four years?
And of course, the most logical reason is after four years, it turned the other way.
So let's not talk about it.
Let's only say that, well, at least we were even for the first four years.
But this should have caused everybody to have rethought their policies because all these legislatures, all these legislators
that I see, they're all pontificating that we follow the science.
We follow the science.
Okay.
So the science says there's no, no benefits.
So, I mean, it's just so nonsensical to me.
I mean, it's truly a religion, isn't it?

[SPEAKER_03]
Steve, about the VSD is that that's a, that's a bunch of data that the American people, the taxpayers paid for.
And the CDC seems to be making it very difficult for independent scientists to take a look at that.
And I have several colleagues that went many years ago to look at that data.
It should be open to independent scientists.
And there are all these rules like, you know, you can only take one pencil in and you can only be in for two hours and you can't write anything down on more than, you know, a page or two.
And so it was clear that the intention wasn't really to have a database where it would be open to scrutiny.
And we have colleagues now that you and I both know that are going to try to get in there and really take a look at that data.
And I think that we're going to find that they've known a lot of bad outcomes from heavily vaccinated kids going back decades.
There have been a number of studies that have shown that unvaccinated children tend to have much less chronic disease than the highly vaccinated.
And the movie that we were talking about earlier, an inconvenient study, is yet another example of that happening.
I think the VSD is going to be very rich and deserves to be data mined with the kind of tools that you know how to do.
and that the results need to be made available to the public.

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, if the data was really showing that the vaccinated kids were better off,
They should be inviting people like me in.
They shouldn't be saying, you can just bring in a pencil.
They should be saying, bring in an army.
We want you to look at this.
We require you to analyze this data.
It shouldn't be, they're doing the opposite.
We're not going to let you check out this public health data because that could have adverse consequences for public health.
give me a break.
Let me ask you this on autism.
How many of the 600 or so kids that became autistic, how many of them became autistic within like a week or two weeks after getting a vaccine shot?

[SPEAKER_03]
I can't give you that data because I haven't mined my data to that extent, but I can tell you.
Approximately.
23% of the parents identify the MMR vaccine as the thing that seemed to be the biggest trigger for their child.
And another 24% identified a lot of vaccines given at once that seemed to be the trigger.
And I will tell you that it is a pretty common historical fact when I'm talking to the families that the child did seem to regress within a week or so.

[SPEAKER_06]
In what, like 30% of the cases, 50%, what?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, I would say that the almost 50% of the patients that I just mentioned that either seem to go down with MMR vaccine or multiple vaccines, the vast majority of them, 70, 80%, that's a guesstimate based on my recall, which obviously is biased.
seen to deteriorate within a week.
And it wasn't always just a pure behavioral regression or neurologic regression.
Often it was signs of mitochondrial dysfunction.
You know, we know that vaccines are stressed around mitochondria, mitochondria, the powerhouses of the cells.
So the kids would be, you know, floppy and fatigued and not have energy.
Or we it's common to see gut
regressions where all of a sudden the child is having chronic diarrhea, yellow mashed potato diarrhea, or alternating diarrhea and constipation, or all of a sudden their immune system seems really dysregulated and they're having a lot of food allergies.
There are a lot of medical underpinnings to autism that I've spent my life trying to teach other clinicians that if we really look at those and try to treat those that we're
potentially going to get the kids certainly better from a health standpoint.
But once their mitochondria are working better and their metabolic pathways are working better, we often find that they start acquiring more language or that their self-simulatory behaviors stop because they're not in pain all the time or their aggressive behaviors stop because they don't have the words to tell their caregivers that they're in chronic pain.
So it's very important to look at
them from a medical aspect and look for these.
treatable underlying problems.

[SPEAKER_06]
So shouldn't it be obvious, though, to doctors that the vaccines are triggering autism?
And it shouldn't be obvious to doctors that all the studies published in the peer-reviewed literature, all 10 of them, have shown that the unvaccinated kids are healthier than the vaccinated kids.
So it's basically that there's this belief system that you can't seem to circumvent.
with data, and even when they see it in front of them, when they see the kids regressing within a week or two weeks after they get the shot, it doesn't seem to phase them.
They just treat it like, oh, well, that happens.
There's like, it boggles my mind that they're not seeing the correlation or they just seeing the correlation and that they're just trained.
Their training causes them to ignore that because it must be massive.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, Steve, I think there's a deep seated psychological reason why it's difficult to acknowledge that pediatricians tend to love children.
And most of them went into pediatrics with the idea that they were going to help kids.
and many pediatricians that have practiced for 10 or 20 or 30 years have given literally thousands and thousands of children's vaccines because they were taught that that was going to be the best thing for the child.
To actually have to acknowledge that you were part of the problem and that what you did hurt the patients that you made of value would try to help.
It's very traumatic.
It happened to me.
I'll tell you why I got into this road is that
Back in 1999, and this was before I knew anything about the MMR controversies or Dr. Wakefield's work, I gave a 15-month-old African-American healthy baby boy an MMR vaccine.
And he regressed immediately within the first three to four days.
He developed chronic yellow diarrhea, and he lost his language milestones.
And I couldn't think of anything else that had happened that might have done that.
And so when I told the parents that I thought it might have been a vaccine reaction, you know, for reasons that I don't understand, they stuck with me and I took care of him until adulthood.
And, you know, then we learned that the CDC had data showing that there was an age effect and that the younger the child was, if they were African America, particularly the higher risk of autism regression with vaccines work.
It was, I mean, the way I dealt with it is I changed my entire career trajectory to try to do penance for what I had done to this child because I changed the trajectory of his life completely.
Fortunately, he's a happy, sociable kid with autism and not chronically in pain and banging his head and aggressive, but he would have had a different life had I not done that to him.
So to have that kind of come to Jesus moment, if you will, that despite what I have to assume are good intentions for most people, that they were duped by what they were taught and that they've been harming children, not realizing it, that's a lot to deal with psychologically.
And people are trying to get through the day and put their kids through college and it really is difficult to face.

[SPEAKER_06]
What did you think of the movie An Inconvenient Study?
What did you think of Zervos and Henry Ford?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, I think they did the right thing.
I think that Dell did a very courageous thing to get the movie out.
I have to say I wasn't that surprised that an academic center would do a study like that and then not publish the results.
Because in my career, I have seen that kind of blind eye with regards to vaccines, which, you know, have sort of a status of dogma as opposed or as opposed to, you know, true fact finding.
I was very, it was hard for me to watch, especially you remember the part in the beginning where the three triplets like regressed, they go at 10 in the morning for people that haven't seen the film, they get a bunch of shots, triplets, a girl and two boys by noon, the girl starts regressing by 2pm.
One of the boys regresses and then by six o'clock that night, all three triplets have been taken down by those vaccines.
And I've heard that story more times than I would like.
The fact that Dr. Zervos, who is probably about the age I am and therefore, you know, could have retired, seems to be coming down that his job was more important than getting the truth out, I find deeply disturbing.
And I think he's having a lot of angst about it, especially now that the movie is out.
But as you know, Henry Ford, as an institution, they doubled down and tried to
prevent Dell from showing the movie and threatened legal action.
And it was data.
And you and I have both looked at the way the study was done.
And the cover story for Henry Ford was, oh, well, it didn't meet our high standards of quality.
But in reality,
you know, if you look at the points that they give, each one of them is easily refutable.
So I hope that every parent and grandparent with children that are at an age where they might be offered vaccines is going to see that movie and realize that what they've been told is not necessarily what is really true.

[SPEAKER_06]
So if you were a Zervos and you were in, you just did that study, what would you have done?
Well, and this happened to you.
They, you know, they basically said, Hey, you know, we're not going to let you release that paper.
You're under non-disclosure.
all that stuff.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, Steve, a similar thing happened to me.
And so I feel like I can comment and say that I would I would have released it anyway and lost my job because you can always find other opportunities.
Livio mentioned that I had been on the faculty at the University of Virginia for many years, which is true.
But I made the mistake, which in retrospect was one of the best things that ever happened of
giving a grand rounds in 2004, I believe, about autism in which I implicated vaccines and gut dysfunction.
And I was no longer on the faculty when time came for my contract to be renewed.
And it specifically said, because my opinion of vaccines was not consistent with the university's position.
So

[SPEAKER_06]
inconsistent.

[SPEAKER_03]
I think that careers are worth sacrificing for children.
We're supposed to make sacrifices for our children.
You know, we're supposed to stand in front of a bullet to protect children.
And so, you know, a career, especially for someone who's, you know, had a good career, you know, it would have been a good time.
It would have been a good move to give that up.
And I, I'm sure he feels
Well, I'm not sure.
I don't know how he feels, but I would advocate that doing the right thing is going to open up a lot of opportunities for him, and they shouldn't think about preserving their career as a primary objective.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, especially a career which is focused on censoring valuable public health information that can save lives.
So let's talk about your book, Kids and COVID Costly Mistakes that
Must never happen again.
So what do you think?
What would you say are the, say four or five biggest mistakes that we made?
There's so many.
What do you think?
So the top five.

[SPEAKER_03]
I think the biggest mistake was ever calling a gene therapy product that had so many inherent design flaws of vaccine and trying to get all children above the age of six months to get that vaccine.
that was a huge mistake.
And I spend a fair amount of the book sort of trying to explain the structure of the vaccine and how little was known about how it would affect children long term.
We never had enough kids in the study to look for rare side effects.
And we also started with this very flawed premise that if we use a synthetic RNA to give
cells instructions to make spike protein that there would somehow magically be this Goldilocks moment where it was just the right amount and it would do its job of inducing antibodies and then magically disappear.
You know, we didn't take into consideration the fact that, you know, some kids were going to do very badly with it and other kids weren't going to get long lasting protection.
So I think the vaccine
even ever being recommended for children was a big flaw.
Secondly, I think that closing down the schools and taking peer groups away from children was devastating.
There's a lot of good research now showing that these kids may not get those couple of years back in terms of their academic progress.
Brown University had this wonderful
longitudinal study going where they had looked at child development for the previous nine or 10 years.
And then they looked at it again during COVID.
And to oversimplify their data, because when you're evaluating young children, you don't use IQ testing.
But to make an analogy to IQ testing, it was as if the average of an IQ of 100 went down to 80 for the COVID babies.
That's crazy.
And then the third thing I would say is taking teenagers away from their peers and taking away their proms in their football games and all their rights of passage did horrible things to their mental health.
Within the first few months, we saw suicides double, doubling in teenagers.

[SPEAKER_06]
How many lives do you think were saved by all these interventions?

[SPEAKER_03]
How many lives were saved?

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
I would be hard pressed to say that any lives were saved, honestly.

[SPEAKER_06]
Good answer.
That's, that's what I was expecting.
Um, I think there should be a rebellion against the public health officials, but people aren't that intelligent to, to really understand what's going on and how, how harmful these interventions were.
Kids don't die from COVID.

[SPEAKER_03]
No.
But I will argue with you for a moment, Steve, about the intelligence issue because some of the data about people being susceptible to propaganda or marketing.
you know, shows that even very intelligent people can be swayed by that.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, they're the most easily swayed by the propaganda, right?

[SPEAKER_03]
Exactly.
Yeah, so I think that we were up against really, really powerful forces and that we have to have some grace, you know,
I don't think that I'm going to be very effective if I go around saying that everybody that got the COVID shot, you know, was stupid.
I think that it's much more honest to say that they were probably well intentioned.
A lot of people were altruistic, you know, all the stories of people that got a shot because they thought they were protecting their elderly parent.
and then they have a lifelong, horrible vaccine injury.
I mean, that is devastating, but I have to acknowledge the initial altruism.

[SPEAKER_06]
Right.
How many people actually wake up and realize after they get the shot and they become vaccine injured?
What do you think the percentage is that realize that that's a wake-up call?
And it turns them from supporting the narrative to figuring out what's really going on.
You think it's 50%?

[SPEAKER_03]
I think the majority of the vaccine injured have had the most horrible wake-up call ever because they're suffering chronically.
As you pointed out in the intro, many of them have very significant daily impacts on their quality of life that has totally changed the trajectory of their life.
So those people, I think, have realized that the shots were such a bad idea.
But we talked at Brownstone last weekend.
Olivia and I were there.
I'm really bothered by the fact
that so many people kind of just want to put it behind us and move on and not learn the lessons.
And that's one reason that I had the theme I had in my book, which is that we should never let this happen again because they came pretty close.
I mean, they shut down the world economy.
They took the kids out of school for a year or two, depending on your location.
They're still people that are getting COVID boosters.
you know, and here we are in at the end of 2025.
So you could argue that there were some very effective strategies used to compel the population to behave in a certain way.
And I am really worried that we're going to have a reboot of this, you know, two, three, five years into the future.
And we have to not let this happen again.
It was devastating to children and adolescents.

[SPEAKER_06]
Definitely.
All right, Livio, we have audience questions.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, but I got, I got a couple of things I want to talk about what you guys were talking about earlier.
See if you were asking about parents and their doctors.
And I remember when I had my first son and we went to our first pediatrician visit and I didn't know anything about all the data, but I questioned
injecting our firstborn with this vaccine.
And I got bullied by the doctor and by my wife at the time to like, what are you crazy even asking the question?
So I don't believe that the doctors are reading the data.
It's a religion.
And the parents are sort of just trusting
the doctors.

[SPEAKER_06]
They're religious leaders.

[SPEAKER_07]
They're religious leaders.
It was one of those where I just went, okay, okay, okay, go ahead.
I just gave up my parenthood at that point because it was a bullying situation.
The other thing I wanted to bring up and ask Dr. Mumper about
Uh, some of your colleagues are people that you might know that are still practicing or still following the mainstream narrative.
Are they also doctors wanting to move on?
Like you were talking about what we experienced at the Brownstone conference, that there's this strange thing that people just want to talk about it.
Just want to go back to normal, whatever that is, and not address this huge disruption that we had, uh, globally.
Are you experiencing any doctors also not wanting to talk about it?

[SPEAKER_03]
Definitely, Livio, I think that so many people were so traumatized that they want to put it behind them like a bad breakup or a bad experience and just move on.
So I don't see the colleagues that I know of who are still practicing making major changes to their practice as a result of what happened during COVID, I'm sorry to say.
There are clearly exceptions, but it's not anywhere near the majority.

[SPEAKER_07]
I had an encounter with a Bloomberg journalist, very nice young journalist at the CHD conference.
And I asked her if she got the jab, which of course she said yes, she was actually still at journalism school.
And so she was mandated.
And then I asked, are you up to date on your schedule?
Have you had all 14 or how, you know, you're still getting your jabs?
And she's like,
No, I stopped after two, and when I asked her why she stopped, she had a bit of a blank stare on her face, kind of looked around, paused, and went, I don't know.
So something's working in our messaging that's getting out there.
I think it's still the uptake is very low.
but they can't connect why they've refused.
And I have a lot of friends that have not gotten the jab.
Are you encountering physicians and colleagues or former colleagues who are still pushing the jab or are they sort of retreating without even knowing why?

[SPEAKER_03]
I don't know any of my colleagues now that are continuing to push the COVID jab for children and adolescents.
I do think, unfortunately, that people that take care of elderly people are still pushing the jab because I do have some elderly friends that the doctor is still asking them to get their boosters and but I don't think that that happens in pediatrics much anymore.

[SPEAKER_07]
And the last comment I wanted to make, there was a New York Times article about the CHD conference, which was a gentler hit piece.
It still was a hit piece nonetheless.
But as I'm reading through the comments, and it goes to what you were saying about how we talk to people about what's going on without shaming and blaming them,
We still get shamed and blamed.
The comments are just littered with people saying, if you believe these tinfoil hat anti-vaxxers, they're just like flat earthers.
They're just so insulting.
And it's challenging not to fight fire with fire.
But I agree.
We have to actually be very measured and not take the low road.

[SPEAKER_03]
I agree.
It's painful for me to read some of the comments that have been made about me because they're so vitriolic sometimes, so I deal with it by not looking.
But when I do read, I don't feed the trolls.
I try not to engage.
I find it's extremely difficult to win an argument with someone who's coming from that place.
And I say that as a former state debate champion in my youth.
As Steve was pointing out, logic and reasoning is not going to win the day.
That's one reason that I'm so proud of Dell and other filmmakers because I think that stories
People telling stories that have emotional impact has a lot of potential for changing people's minds, sometimes even more so than the cold hard facts.
So a well-told story or a well-done film, I think will help to change the narrative and change the way people think about this.

[SPEAKER_06]
I mean, certainly film was a big thing.
It was brought up at the CHD conference in the power of film to change millions and millions of people's minds and having them be more open to the possibility that they could have been lied to.
I think the other, and perhaps the biggest piece of it, though, is the credibility in the medical community.
So one of my daughters,
for example, says that all of our Harvard professors say that the vaccines are safe and her dad is saying that they're not safe.
And so she's not an expert.
So she relies on the fact that all these Harvard professors are saying that it must be OK. And so they must be right.
And I must be wrong because there are more of them than there are of me.
And because they have higher credentials than I do.
And so therefore, they must be right.
and she doesn't need to go then into the details of looking at the data, it's just simply experts versus quote non-experts or misinformation spreaders.
And so when you have that attitude, it doesn't matter how many films you see, you're still going to go and believe in the numbers of the
experts and follow their advice.
And so until we can show that these experts are basically FOS, I think we will have a tough time really reaching a lot of people.

[SPEAKER_03]
I feel to authority is a classic way to deflect from the facts.
And so
And it is very powerful.
And I feel your pain, Steve, because many of us have had people very close to us who don't believe what we know to be true.
And so you and your daughter are a dyad that's being acted out in many kitchens across the country, I assure you.

[SPEAKER_07]
I agree with that about film or storytelling.
I think the next frontier though, right now we have so many documentaries, non-fiction films about COVID and what happened.
It is the fiction films that are gonna come out about that period that are gonna move the needle.
And remember Dr. Mumper, Walter Kern talked about his screenplay that he's written and get funded.
And I've been gestating that idea for a little while now.
coming up with a way to flash back to 2020, 2021, 2022 with some characters based on true stories that will show how ridiculous people behaved throughout the lockdowns.

[SPEAKER_03]
And that I encourage you to write that screenplay and make that movie because I do think that that nonfiction stories have such a
such a huge emotional impact on wide audiences.
And, you know, you can watch it in two hours versus, you know, when you see a documentary on the web, then you, you know, end up, you know, doing more research and it's time consuming and it really wraps your brain around it and all that.
But a good nonfiction movie, as Walter was saying, it seeps into your unconscious and it becomes part of your
the wet your perspective on the world.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah.
He referenced Vietnam and the first film that came out after Vietnam wasn't until 1978, the deer hunter followed by now.
And then we started to then change the narrative of, of Vietnam.
So yeah, I, I do have hope in, in that arena, but again, we have to get there first on our side with those kinds of stories.
All right, I got some questions from the audience.
Thank you for being patient.
Emerson BT asks, Dr. Mumper, what studies exist to accomplish autism rates in groups with no vaccines, Amish, Christian science, et cetera, or fewer rates, many countries, counties?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, so Steve said 10, I was thinking there were 11 studies now that have looked at various populations where
the rates of autism were very low and often it was associated with lower vaccines.
But the Amish are a good population to study.
The problem is all the epidemiologists, when you talk about studying the Amish, will jump up and down and say, well, they do a bunch of other things that are different so you can't generalize.
Well, yes, the Amish eat healthier food and
You know, have a great relationship with the earth and we know that they've got better microbiome because their kids are growing up feeding the chickens and, you know, playing in the cow manure.
But the, the, the studies need to be done looking at low rates, wherever they are.
in trying to identify the potential environmental reasons why that might be the case.
So we have the data gathering capability now to study huge populations in various parts of the world and start differentiating, you know, who has lower rates and why that might be.
It just isn't really being done yet.

[SPEAKER_07]
Not yet.
Question from Monica Greb.
Dr. Mumper, how many children have you seen die of SIDS that have not been vaccinated?

[SPEAKER_03]
None.
None.
In my experience.
Now, I am very fortunate in that I, in my career, which spanned 44 years, had one child die of SIDS when I was in a large group practice.
And I was, I think covering, I don't even think I was a primary pediatrician for that child, but that child had received vaccines the day prior to the death.
And so that is my clinical experience.

[SPEAKER_07]
Interesting.
Question from Janet.
Regarding the role of aluminum adjuvants in vaccines and their impact on developing immune systems,
For parents like me who are dealing with the child with severe food allergies, can you explain how adjuvants might contribute to that inflammatory or allergic tendency?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, so all vaccines tend to temporarily take your immune system out of the direction of just what's called cell mediated immunity.
where you're trying to kill off bacteria and viruses and fungi and temporarily put you in the risk of autoimmunity and allergy.
Aluminum is a big culprit here because if I'm a lab scientist working on rats or other animals and I want to induce inflammatory bowel disease on an autoimmune basis in those rats so I can study autoimmunity, I give them aluminum.
It's a known inducer.
of autoimmunity because and is therefore used in these experiments.
So if your child followed the CDC schedule or even a modified schedule, you know, Paul Thomas and I joked that even the vaccine friendly plan isn't very friendly because, you know, you're still getting vaccines.
That is going to contribute to that skewing of the immune system where allergy and autoimmunity become more prominent.
We know that
As similarly to the way autism has risen with the increased number of vaccines, so have allergies and autoimmunity.
Now, that I will be the first to admit is correlation and not causation.
But I would argue that we now have plausible biologic mechanisms that are explaining why these vaccines are inducing autoimmunity and allergy and autism.
and how we need to take that very seriously because children are suffering chronic illness at rates far unheard of in our history.
Somewhere north of 50%, probably honestly closer to 70% of kids have chronic illnesses now.
And I think that a significant number of those kids
had environmental challenges, not limited to vaccines, but including vaccines that push them past their tipping point.

[SPEAKER_07]
Lots of variables there.
Question from RJ Zablaki.
How does a person best tell their state education or health department about this 2017 CDC study?
Through a group of parents, lawsuit, put on what grounds, fraud, I need help.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, if I had that answer, I spent the last 25 years of my career
Going to meetings where I left it thinking that, you know, nothing was really going to change.
I do think that grassroots is very effective.
And so if you can mobilize parents slash voters, that can be very valuable, but it is not easy at all.
And I will say that some people who are well-schooled in how to do legislative work are having some success in this arena.
Showing up to your school board meetings, writing letters, it has to be a certain volume, but it does make a difference.
I don't think that just being armed with the facts
is enough to change the minds.
There has to be, you know, not just the information, but some kind of a carrot or a stick or both to go along with that in order to get them to pay attention and to actually change things legislatively or procedurally.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, it's tough to change hearts and minds with this brainwashing that's happening.
Question from Dr. Laura.
How do you think RFK is doing and what is the number one thing you would love for him to do at his HHS, CDC or NIH?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, I'm actually very proud of what he's been able to accomplish, especially since he does it in an atmosphere where he's attacked from all sides in the media every day.
I think that he was
Strategically wise to emphasize food first because ultra process foods are so bad for kids, but it's hard for people to mobilize against better food.
I think if he had started with vaccines, he would have.
encountered the kind of divisiveness that would have made it very difficult for him to make as much progress as he has with some of his strategic moves.
Because I've spent my life in this area, my life's work at least since the child that I told you about, I would like him to really shine a light on autism and
really shine a light on the relationship between vaccines and chronic illness.
And I know that that is part of the long-term plan.
And I offer my support to him to try to make that happen.

[SPEAKER_00]
But I think that given all the roadblocks he has and the fact that

[SPEAKER_03]
He's attacked daily in ways that would devastate most people.
And yet he just kind of jumps back up and talks to God and meditates and gets on about his business.
It's really quite remarkable.

[SPEAKER_07]
It is amazing how he marches on with the constant barrage of attacks that he endures.
It really is.
And I wanted to follow up on your take on the whole Tylenol.
question that's been coming up and what's your what's your perspective on that?

[SPEAKER_03]
So this was announced as if it was some great new discovery, but honestly, my colleagues and I have known about the autism acetaminophen connection, at least since 2004 is when I remember it.
Being a big point of our discussions, there are several reasons why acetaminophen can be associated with autism.
It
affects something called glutathione, which is our major antioxidant.
And it's also the gateway to our detoxification pathways.
And acetaminophen depletes that by about 30%.
So whether the pregnant mother is having her glutathione depleted by 30% or the child directly, that's huge.
And in pregnancy, glutathione is low anyway.
And so I think it's kind of a double hit hypothesis.
So I do think that there is real science there that supports it.
And we certainly have operated for the last two decades on the assumption that we don't want the patients in my practice getting routine acetaminophen with their vaccines.
We try not to use it very often.
My favorite treatment for treating a fever is to figure out what the fever is trying to tell you, first of all, and then if the child's uncomfortable using tepid baths and bringing the fever down that way.
It's not fancy.
Grandmothers 200 years ago could have done the same thing, but it doesn't expose the child to potential side effects of pharmaceutical products.
So yes, that was real data.
No, it is not the only environmental costs of autism by any means.
And if everybody stopped taking acetaminophen tomorrow, autism would not go away just with that one intervention.
But it is one of the contributors, one of the things that tips a child's toxic bucket over and impairs their ability to handle all the environmental exposures that children have in this current generation.

[SPEAKER_07]
Thank you for that.
Follow up on that from free from Wi-Fi.
What do you give autistic kids to heal them?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, I would invite you to come to our three day, eight hours a day lecture series that's called the Medical Academy of Pediatric Special Needs to learn all the different ways.
But if I could break it down, I'll do it this way.
First, you have to take away whatever it is that's harming them.
and that can be any number of things.
And then you have to support their own innate ability to heal.
And the five areas that I kind of concentrate on are supporting the gut, both digestion, absorption, and trying to get rid of any kind of inflammation.
I work on balancing their immune system so that they
are not overly reactive with so many food allergies or autoimmunity and yet have a good enough immune system to defend themselves from bacteria and viruses and such.
We work on their metabolic pathways, specifically something called methylation biochemistry and folate biochemistry.
And somewhere in the neighborhood of 65 to 80% of kids with autism have impairments in those pathways so you can use
Nutraceuticals to intervene there.
We work on their detoxification pathways because many of them have genomic or genetic impairments and being able to get rid of all the environmental assaults on their system.
And then we also work on their mitochondria.
The mitochondria are the powerhouses of the cell.
They're important in cellular messaging.
And our current environment has so many things that are so toxic to the mitochondria.
So those are the five systems that I work on.
We basically are seeing high inflammation and high oxidative stress.
So we try to identify the reasons for those and then correct it.
So looking for what they're getting that's hurting them and looking for what they're not getting that could help them.
So it's not easy, but it's a lot of fun.
And if you can figure it out, which again is not easy, but a lot of fun, you can change us kids' lives, not every time because our
abilities are limited, but enough that we have to do it on a very large scale.
So we need thousands, literally thousands of doctors schooled in this to take care of the kids with autism as well as the people that are vaccine injured.
And there's a lot of overlap between the strategies that we use for both of those groups of people.

[SPEAKER_07]
And if people in our audience want to join that group, you mentioned, how would they find that group?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, so you can look up medmaps.org.
It's the Medical Academy of Pediatrics and Special Needs.
We do conferences twice a year and we have a fellowship program so that if you're a clinician that interfaces with kids with chronic illness, including but not limited to autism, we welcome you to come and take the training.
We need not just
MDs and DOs, but we need nurse practitioners and chiropractors and natural paths.
And, you know, we get speech and language pathologists that come to our conferences.
It really takes a village to surround these kids with the kind of help that they need.
So medmaps.org and thank you, Livio, for letting me let the audience know about that.

[SPEAKER_07]
Absolutely, and Janet put the link in the chat medmaps.org.
One final, and it's not a question, but a comment from MedicalFreedom25.
Dr. Mumper, you are one of the heroes.
You are a physician of great character, principles, and love of humanity.
We thank you and deeply appreciate you, and I think we all share that sentiment.

[SPEAKER_03]
That is wonderful to hear and that is very reinforcing.
Thank you for bringing that out because we all get all the slings and arrows, but we know that we are making a difference and it's too slow and it's one kid at a time or one family at a time, but we all have to get energized for saving this generation of children.
So thank you so much.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah.
and Dr. Mumper's new book, Kids and COVID Costly Mistakes That Must Never Happen Again.
Where can we find this?
I know it's on Barnes & Noble at CHD.
Where else can we find your book, Dr. Mumper?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, and Amazon.
It is not in bookstores unless you ask for it.
So that's frustrating.
I do want to mention that children's health defense does get a proportion of the sales.
by buying the book, you will support Children's Health Defense, which was important to me.

[SPEAKER_07]
Go out and get this book or order your book online since you have to ask for it or go in and ask for it.
That might actually encourage them to try to carry it in stock at your local bookstore, kids in COVID.
Dr. Mumper, it's been an honor and a privilege to have you on VSRF Live.
Thank you for all your work and for your generosity of your time coming on this evening.

[SPEAKER_03]
It was such a pleasure, Olivia.
You all do such great work.
And I'm very grateful to Steve for showing up in so many places and asking the hard questions.
And it's an honor for me too to be part of your team, at least for tonight.

[SPEAKER_07]
Thank you.
And hopefully we can have you back in 2026 as we continue to make progress in changing.
Yes, the narrative out there.

[SPEAKER_03]
And I'll look for that legislate that legal conference that you're talking about.
Number 3, I would love to come to that.

[SPEAKER_07]
Hopefully we can get that off the ground.
It's, we've, I've been to both and they're just the, the legal aspect needs to continue and got to spend some time with Warner Mendenhall and Jeremy at CHD and they were encouraging doing it again.
So we're, we're going to work on it.

[SPEAKER_03]
Great.

[SPEAKER_07]
All right.
Thank you, Dr. Mumper.
Everyone stay on.
I got a few announcements and a closing video you're going to want to watch with.
Dr. Redfield on Dr. Drew.
But I want to close out by saying to remind everyone, as I said at the start, VSRF is powered by you.
We don't have corporate sponsors or government grants.
Every show, every guest, every story we share exists because of your generosity and belief in what we do.
And as we head into the giving season, I hope you'll consider supporting our work.
If you want to see VSRF standing strong in 2026, continue to support the vaccine injured and defend medical freedom.
Please take a moment tonight and give whatever you can at vacsafety.org, backslash donate or text VSRF to 53555, vacsafety.org, backslash donate or text VSRF to 53555.
And next week.
Don't miss next week when we'll be joined by the amazing Aaron Siri.
Uh, we had to reschedule him.
He was scheduled before it and, uh, hit a commitment that came up.
So we'll have him on next Thursday.
You don't want to miss this episode.
He'll be here to talk about his brand new book, vaccines.
Amen.
The religion of vaccines and to share insights from his groundbreaking work with ICANN, the informed consent action network.
So don't miss this.
I know we've been excited about this episode, Steve.
And so.
Awesome.
It'll all, it'll all happen next.

[SPEAKER_06]
I have the book.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah.
I just, uh, I got to order my copy too.
I'm a little behind cause I've been on the road.
So I'm going to get that going and then, and also get Dr. Mumper's book.
And tonight we'll close with an important clip from Dr. Robert Redfield, former CDC director during his recent appearance on the Dr. Drew show.
In this segment, Dr. Redfield shares his candid perspective on the COVID vaccines, including why he no longer recommends mRNA shots and why he believes they should never have been mandated, especially for children.
This actually gives me a little hope for change.
And thank you for joining us.
Hope you will be with us next week.
Thank you, Steve.
We'll see you next week.
And thank Dr. Mumper again and have a great rest of your evening and weekend, everyone.
Good night.

[SPEAKER_08]
The vaccine should not be, I don't recommend anybody who's not highly vulnerable get vaccinated at all, right?
Secondly, even among the highly vulnerable now, I no longer recommend the mRNA vaccines.
Cause I, when I give you an mRNA vaccine, I turn your body into a spike protein factory.
I don't know how much you're going to make and I don't know how long you're going to make it.
That makes me nervous.
And I've seen some patients that are clearly still making it six months later.
So I've moved to just using the killed protein vaccines made by Novavax in those individuals that are highly vulnerable.
But for those individuals that are not highly vulnerable, they should not.
The COVID vaccine has no role.
Now, it's going to be problematic for, and people like you are going to have to help communicate this effectively.
I'll try if I get the opportunity.
I know the FDA is reviewing the toxicity issues on the COVID vaccines.
So we can be honest about the vaccine injury, which is real.
And I have a number of patients.
And I think what you're going to see them report, sadly, is the number of children that actually died from the mRNA vaccines.
And as you and I know, they didn't need to be vaccinated in the first place.
It was government overread and these vaccines should have never been mandated.
I was very upset with CDC a year ago when they recommended everybody over the age of one month of age get the COVID vaccine.
What data?
There's no data to support that.
So I'm happy with Kennedy.
People may jump on Kennedy as him being anti-vaccine.
I don't think Secretary Kennedy's anti-vaccine.
I think he wants honesty about our discussion of vaccines.
What data do we have about their safety?
What data do we have about their efficacy?
I see people, including myself, when I say, well, what do we know about vaccine injury?
Immediately, people jump at me and say, you're anti-vaccine.
No, I just want to know, what do we know about vaccine injury?
Or if I ask the question, do we really have any data that there's a benefit from a one month old getting a COVID vaccine?
Oh, you're against vaccines.
No, I'm not against vaccines.
Show me the benefit.
Where's the data?
There is no data.
So I think we finally got the COVID vaccines in the right place.
Very, you know, older people over 65, significant vulnerabilities from diabetes or hypertension, obesity.
But I think the rest of it should go the way of the RSV vaccine.
you know, and we should really stop promoting this.
The fact that they required, I saw some patients the other day, you know, really problematic, you know, life has been changed in their 20s because in order to go to college, they had to get this vaccine.
And guess what happened?

[SPEAKER_04]
Why can't they sue the college?
They should sue those colleges.
They got a vaccine.

[SPEAKER_08]
As you said, they got myocarditis.
They had a, this 22 year old had a heart attack.

[SPEAKER_04]
Oh, terrible.
Terrible.
