[SPEAKER_02]
around the world.
Our esteemed guests include Greg Harrison, Richard Hirschman, Dr. Kevin McCarron, Kevin McKernan, and Thomas Haviland.

[SPEAKER_04]
We think what's really happening is there's actually more embalmers now that are actually willing to admit that this is a phenomenon.
They're actually seeing them.
And maybe in the early years, when they first responded to the survey, they were a little afraid to do so because they might be accused of conspiracy theory, that kind of thing.
But now we're in the year four of this, I think the embalmers may feel more comfortable about admitting, oh yeah, I'm seeing these white fiber squats too.

[SPEAKER_03]
And imagine if the world knew in 2021 about myocarditis, and this wasn't suppressed.
They think they may have a better handle on this now, but generally myocarditis prognosis is like 50% fatality in five years.
So they may have done this to hundreds of thousands of people.

[SPEAKER_02]
Hello and welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm your host, Livio Sanchez, and we have an incredibly eye-opening show for you tonight.
We're bringing together an esteemed panel of experts for a white-clot roundtable to shed light on a disturbing medical phenomenon that has raised urgent questions about public health, vaccine safety, and the integrity of our healthcare system.
Joining us tonight, Kevin McKernan, a leading genomic scientist who has been investigating contaminants in the COVID-19 vaccines.
Greg Harrison, an organic chemist analyzing the composition and origins of these mysterious clots.
Major Thomas Haviland, who's retired, a former U.S. Air Force officer and independent researcher compiling crucial data on this issue.
Richard Hirschman, the embalmer who first brought national attention to these unusual fibrous clots found in deceased individuals post-vaccination, and Kevin McCarron, a neuroscientist who has been actively tracking and studying the formation of amyloid fibrin white clots and their potential neurological implications.
But before we dive in today, Mark's an extraordinary moment in US history.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr. has been officially confirmed as the next secretary of health and human services.
This is a monumental shift that could pave the way for real accountability, medical transparency, and a long overdue reckoning with the failures of our health.
agencies.
And let's bring on VSRF founder Steve Kirsch to discuss today's historic day.
How are you, Steve?

[SPEAKER_08]
Today is a great day.
Today is just, I've been waiting for this day for a very long time.
So I was extremely pleased to hear the news.

[SPEAKER_02]
Let's play Bobby's acceptance real quick, just to see his acceptance speech.
His reaction.

[SPEAKER_07]
For 20 years, I'm not every morning on my knees and praying.
that God would put me in a position where I could end the childhood chronic disease epidemic in his country.
On August 23rd of last year, God sent me President Trump.
He's now given me, he's given every promise that he's made to me,
He's kept his word in every account and gone way beyond it.
I'm so grateful to you, Mr. President.
A lot of people told me that I couldn't trust President Trump.
I better get it in writing.
And we did a handshake, and everything that he told me he was going to do, he has done.
And I'm so grateful to him, and I've told you before.
I genuinely believe that you are a pivotal historical figure, and you are going to transform this country.

[SPEAKER_02]
Amazing.
Amazing.
I always had a lot of hope that today would come, but it's real and it seems surreal to me.
How are you feeling about it, Steve?
How do you think this is going to play out?
What's his first order of business?

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, I've suggested that he order the FDA and the CDC to respond to the misinformation superspreaders and have a short list.
Because one of the most important things the previous administration said is that misinformation kills people.
And we got to stop that.
And the best way to do that, like the previous administration has never figured out how to do it.
The best way to do this is to actually confront these misinformation superspetters, invite them into a conversation, and then decimate everything that they say in a public live video recording so that the public can see just how wrong
these misinformation superspreters are.
And that will save lives, it will reduce vaccine hesitancy and so forth.
So I sent Bobby that suggestion before his confirmation and he said, let's talk after the confirmation.
So.
I'm pretty excited about that.
I think it's like the fastest way to start to open up people's eyes.
Because the CDC and the FDA have never been forced to answer any questions they don't want to answer.
Ah, yes.
It's like, this is, this is like Christmas.
Every day is Christmas.

[SPEAKER_02]
I don't know if you had a chance to see Del Bigtree's press conference today, but he just, he was on fire going right at the media in a very professional manner, but just presenting facts and data and scientific evidence.
And it was, it was fantastic to watch.
I do have one more question before we bring our guests.
How soon do you think it will take Bobby to
Bring informed consent to this vaccine schedule where it's no longer mandated.
I mean, that's really something that I'd like to see where it's your choice, but it's not a mandate.

[SPEAKER_08]
He has so many things that are on the top of his to-do list.
It's hard to know what's going to get prioritized first.
Let's put it that way.
He's got a lot of cleanup.
There's been a lot of crap that's there.
It's like you go into this house and it's like, holy moly, like everything is a disaster.
Like what do I do first?
But at least now he's like a kid in a candy store.

[SPEAKER_02]
exactly that's that's the cool thing well hopefully the gentleman we have assembled tonight will be able to actually present their information to a broader audience than just ours and maybe to the national public at large
And I'm going to start off, we're going to do this in a very structured way.
I'm going to bring each guest on one at a time, do a little introduction, have a quick conversation and then go to the next one.
And after we get through everyone, we will then have a round table discussion with all of our guests and I believe.
They're all here ready to go.
So let's start with, well, Kevin McKernan is here, but he's, he's not there.
So I'm going to hop over Kevin and come.
Oh, there he is.
He's there.
Okay.
So let's, let's start with Kevin McKernan.
Kevin, great to see you again.
How are you tonight?

[SPEAKER_03]
I'm doing great.
Couldn't be a better day.
Thank you for having me honored to be here on such a momentous event.

[SPEAKER_02]
It's an honor to have you here.
I've been watching so many of your interviews.
I was putting together this video that I released last week and just great to hear you talk in all these different ways and present the information you do so skillfully.
Let me read your bio before we do a little quick banter with Steve.
Kevin McKernan is a renowned genomics scientist with over 2 decades of experience in DNA sequencing and biotechnology.
He was a key contributor to the human genome project and later led pioneering work.
In next generation sequencing, as the former chief scientific officer of medicinal genomics, Kevin has applied his expertise to genomic research in both medicine and forensic science and research in recent years.
He has been at the forefront of investigating contaminants in the COVID-19 vaccines.
uncovering critical evidence related to mRNA integrity and potential DNA impurities.
His work has sparked global conversations about vaccine safety and regulatory oversight.
Again, welcome to the program.

[SPEAKER_03]
Thank you, Lydia.
And unless you know something I don't, I'm still the CSO at medicinal genomics.
I got tripped up.
I'm like, former, I think you're still there.
Thanks for clarifying that.
I appreciate the introduction.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_02]
I'll leave you and Steve for a few minutes here.

[SPEAKER_08]
All right.
So they said I get about five minutes with each of you.
So I think the most important topic, but correct me if I'm wrong, would be these DNA contamination in the vaccines, vials, and integration.
so can you bring us up to date as far as what's not being done in vitro and in vivo and where we are and when do you think we'll have an answer as to whether it integrates and how serious would the integrate if it does integrate then how serious
Would that be because it takes generations for DNA to transfer to the next of Ken and and so forth.
So it would be a while if you had a bad mutation, but usually if you have bad mutation, it kills people.
So how serious, you know, what are the repercussions of this if it is true?

[SPEAKER_03]
Okay, so I won't believe it too much because I think an important part of this topic are the other guests you have here.
Everyone's heard about the DNA contamination.
It's been pounded to the media, mainly because I think it's very emotive, but what you're not hearing about are these other effects that are harder to measure that thankfully you have people here tonight that are measuring them.
which are these prions and these potential things that are causing clots because those aren't getting enough attention.
But yes, the DNA is something that can be easily measured.
And as a result, you see a lot more news on it because labs all over the world have been able to replicate this.
What's new since the last time I spoke with your audience is that there has been multiple other replication events.
There's been the Koenig paper in Germany.
There's been the Kammmer paper in Germany.
Common were actually put this, these vaccines into cell lines and recognize that SV 40 was picked up after multiple replications of the cells, which means it's somehow being being maintained in those cell lines over time.
And that SV 40 is in fact there, which is to is good to see an actual cell lines.
We've also done some work picking up SV40 sequences in certain cancer biopsies, which is still being investigated.
We don't have proof of integration yet, but I do want to direct people's attention to the fact that integration is certainly the hardest goal for us to measure, but it's not necessary for us to see DNA in transfection vehicles like lipid nanoparticles creating cancer.
There's papers out there that show if you just flood cells,
With cytosolic DNA, you can trigger an oncogenesis event, something that goes through this seagast sting pathway, which I write about on our substacks quite a bit.
But pharma likes to push it to, unless you see integration, we don't care.
That's not true.
If there's just DNA getting into the cells that have these particular sequences in them that are known to be hypermutable sequences, you can trigger oncogenesis without integration.

[SPEAKER_08]
Which is what we're seeing, right?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, it's potentially related to the DNA.
I can't say that it is right now, but it's one factor.
And there's other factors at play here that thankfully you have other guests here to talk about.
But we also know from Wafik LD Eras' work that the spike protein itself down regulates P53.
We know there's neutropenia and lymphocyte apenia from these vaccines.
So there's a perfect storm of, and that's usually what's required for cancer.
One thing usually doesn't trigger it.
You need an insult of multiple pathways, a multiple hit hypothesis to really drive this.
And DNA might be one of the factors there.
But I want to make it clear that if you get rid of all the DNA, I don't know that we're out of the woods.
I think there's still enough other contributing factors here that that can drive risk.
And so don't let them out of the hook.
If they clean up all the DNA, I don't know in here that the DNA something is very measurable that we can see it in the vials.
We can see it in the patients.
What was also released since the last time I spoke with your audience, Steve, is that there was some studies that were done sequencing people who were vaccinated to look at molecular markers in them, and they put a bunch of sequence data into NCBI, which is repository for this.
This is from a paper from Ryan et al and ODEC et al.
And then a gentleman by the name of Chakrabarty in India discovered that those actually, I don't think he's in India anymore, but he's moved on, but he's discovered that in that sequencing data, you can find SV 40 and parts of the vaccine in those patients blood samples.
So now we have it detected in people who were vaccinated somewhat accidentally by combing through sequences that weren't meant to be looking for this.
In fact, those studies did things to try to remove DNA from their analysis, and we still found it there.
So it's no longer just in the vials.
We're finding in the people that we vaccinated.
And the next question is, is it in the tumors?
Is it in the clots?
Is it in all these other tissues people are getting?
And those are the things we're hoping to address next.
We're starting on that very recently.
There's been some progress in getting an IRB approved to do this.
So, there's people out there that have tissues or biopsies they want to contribute.
There's a study that's going to look at this.
Unfortunately, the way the IRB is structured, if we find it, we can't report it back to the patients.
We can just report it in an anonymized peer review paper.
We can put a paper out showing the results.
We can't break the seal between the patients and the samples.
It'll be anonymized when they get to us.
But we can look for it.
And that's a big advance that's happened in 2025 is that there's now an IRB in place that can study this.
It sadly won't give answers to the patients today that, hey, your sample had X.
We can just anonymize the samples and say,
so many patients that we studied had it, but that's where we have to start.
And it's an important first step.

[SPEAKER_08]
So, Ken, have there been any experiments where they've been able to actually find like SV-40 and other things that are in the vaccine in people who are not vaccinated?
In other words, is there proof of shedding?

[SPEAKER_03]
Okay, that is a more complicated question.

[SPEAKER_08]
So I just asked the easy ones first.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
So if you look at the Chakrabarty study, it's a preprint, so it'll get criticized for that.
But he's taking data that went through peer review and finding it in those peer review data sets.
And I've even written those journals saying, this is in your data set, and you should be aware of it.
And they've gone back to me with some collegial answers about, yeah, thank you for finding it.
We're not going to publish it.
But we don't think those people weren't looking for that.
That wasn't aimed at their study.
But you can find some sequences in there that were in the unvaccinated that weren't SV 40, but we're hitting this bacterial origin of replication.
And that's perhaps not surprising because that bacterial origin of replication that they use in the vaccine is out in the wild.
And it can be in bacteria that that weren't part of the vaccine.
But the SP 40 is a little bit more of a signature.
Uh, there were also studies that are of guaranteed signature of it being Pfizer's vaccine and Madonna's vaccine that were from spike.
So we were picking up spike sequence.
That is the only way to explain spike in those blood samples is from the vaccine that was not found in the unvaccinated in that study.

[SPEAKER_08]
Oh, sorry, it was not found.
So it was not found.

[SPEAKER_03]
No, no, there are spike sequences very different from the virus.
That's why because they call and optimize it, which left a fingerprint for their crime.

[SPEAKER_08]
Right, right, right.
Exactly.
So basically, we haven't, there's not an example of shedding happening that we that we know about.

[SPEAKER_03]
No, because in that study, it wasn't large enough for them to necessarily find that.
They didn't study enough patients, and we don't know the proximity of those patients, whether they were in contact with any of the other patients in the study.
So I don't think that's been answered yet.
Now, I will point to one study that is, I think, really important for everyone to understand now that we have a new administration, and we're looking at this gain of function very carefully.
There's a study in Seattle from Beck at all.
that what happened there is all of the employees in one particular laboratory started testing positive for nucleocapsid on their COVID tests.
And COVID tests never look at just one area.
They look at three areas, usually nucleocapsid, envelope, and maybe spike or RDRP.
They look at three different areas of the virus.
But these people were only lighting up for one of the tests, which is weird in COVID.
And it turned out they were getting infected by the vaccine plasmid the lab was working on, and this actually spread into their housemates.
So one aspect of gain of function research that we have to pay attention to is the people who are trying to make vaccines against this virus are putting them in vectors that can spread not only to the lab staff that are working on them, but outside of the laboratory.
So that is an example of, if you want to call it shedding, it's not necessarily post-injection.
It's the people who are brewing up these vaccines and studying them.
If they're not careful, they can contaminate the entire laboratory staff and have it leak from the lab.

[SPEAKER_08]
And how is it spread then through clothing?

[SPEAKER_03]
That's a very good question.
They don't fully know, but they suspect in the paper that since that plasmid had a mammalian origin of replication and a bacterial replication origin that it was spreading through a coli because humans are coated in coli.
And so it probably was leaping from person to person by being transmissible through a Coli.
So it may not have the same R not as a virus.
It may not spread as quickly as COVID because it's not thought to be aerosolized in that environment.
But through contact, it's spread.

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay.
So they could bring it home.
That's what you're saying.
They could bring it to their family and then spread it further out.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yes, interesting enough, they tried to contact the people, the housemates that got infected throughout the study and they disappeared.
I think they realized they were roommates with people working at a bio facility and decided to.
leave town.
They weren't able to catch up with them for further study.
But they tracked this contamination for weeks after they were infected and saw that it persisted.
So it is able to replicate in a coli in people that manage this in the laboratory for weeks after infection.
And we don't know how far that goes.
We don't know the are not on that.
We don't know how infectious it is.
But that's something that I think everyone has to pay attention to when they're cloning these components of the vaccine
into plasmids that can replicate in both mammals and bacteria that we have a zoonotic system there, something that is very easily transmissible through multiple mechanisms outside the laboratory.
So even the vaccine work they're doing is a risk.
And if those vaccine sequences have amyloidogenic sequences in them, I'm really concerned.
In fact, they were doing, I think, what was the right thing.
They were looking at nucleocapsid, which might have been a better thing to do than spike.
But as you'll hear from this audience today, nucleocapsidism is free of prions.
It has some amylogeotic sequences, amyloidogenic sequences in it as well.
And we have to be very careful when we are putting viral components into these plasmids that can replicate both in mammalian cells and in bacterial cells.

[SPEAKER_08]
OK. OK, last question, because I have to move on.
And then I'm blanking on the question.
Oh, no.

[SPEAKER_02]
You want to hold it for when we come back on the round table?

[SPEAKER_03]
I can always circle back through the seat later at the end.
Definitely give some time to the other folks here because I think my story has been drawn out.

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay.
Thank you, Kevin.
We're going to bring you back for the round table.
I'm going to move to our next guest, Major Thomas Haviland.
Thomas, how are you this evening?
Thank you for joining us.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thank you, Olivia and Steve for having me on the show again.
Just a couple of months ago here, I wrapped up my third annual embalmer blood clot survey as Steve put out in a substack, I think it was today.
In the latest survey, 301 embalmers responded, 250 of them, 83% are still seeing these unusual white fibrous clots in their corpses.

[SPEAKER_02]
There they are.

[SPEAKER_04]
They're seeing them in a shocking 27.5% of their corpses.
That's including all the embalmers that said they saw none.
So even if you average in all those zeros, you get a weighted average of 27.5% of corpses containing these white fibers clots.
So this is a serious issue, right?
They're also 78% of the embalmers are seeing the microclotting phenomenon, which they describe as coffee grounds or dirty blood in the
blood draining off the corpse and that can be just as equally as dangerous as the white fibrous cloths.
So I just want to get on to the other people and let them see what they have to say about because I think the focus here tonight is how the cloths are forming, why they're forming, but I just wanted the audience to know that this is a very serious problem because if it's happening in that percentage of the dead,
What percentage of living or walking around with these things may be forming them right now, you know, not knowing it until they have a stroke or heart attack and die suddenly.

[SPEAKER_08]
Do you have an estimate for the increase in all cost mortality caused by these clots?

[SPEAKER_04]
It's hard to say, Steve, you know, we've had about 10% excess mortality in most of the Western countries over the last four years.
And I think a large portion of it is these these clotting issues because Dr. Peter McCullough recently in a lecture, he gave it a church talking about kind of the three phases that you go through the first one of the virus or is the
viral replication, then you have the cytokine storm.
And then the last phase, he says it always ends in thrombosis.
So after the cytokine storm, all these people are dying of basically thrombosis.
So whether it's coming from the virus itself or from spike protein produced by the vaccine, we're getting a tremendous amount of thrombosis.
So I would not be surprised if the majority of the excess mortality is coming from this particular issue.

[SPEAKER_08]
Problems with the blood.
The underlying cause of death database that the CDC maintains and I are great friends.
We chat all the time.
If I was to go into that database and do a query, what would be the one query that I could ask about where I would see this tremendous elevation
in deaths that started happening after the vaccines rolled up.
Because if it's the vaccines, then you would expect to see within six months to a year or so, a big increase.
And Kevin McCartney had suggested pulmonary embolism.
I haven't looked at that, but.

[SPEAKER_04]
In the People's Blood Clot survey I did, Steve, recently, the number one location of the clots were the legs, DVTs, deep vein thrombosis.
Number two was pulmonary embolisms.
And what's interesting is I looked at the ICAN data that from the CDC's V-safe system that Dale Bigtree and the ICAN folks foiled.
And when I got that data, I looked through these Excel spreadsheets and did searching on the term blood clot.
The number one location was the legs.
Number two was the lungs with pulmonary embolisms.
Number three was the brain.
Number four was the heart.
So these are the areas.
It's happening all over the body, particularly DVTs in the legs and pulmonary embolism seem to be the two biggest locations.
But it's an equal opportunity killer.
It's happening.
It's causing strokes in the brain as well and problems in the heart area.

[SPEAKER_08]
Right, so heart attack and or cardiac arrest could be.

[SPEAKER_04]
If you notice when you look at these side effects, you see a lot of them are saying.
Person died of rhombosis.
So yeah, it's happening.

[SPEAKER_02]
Oops, I'm about to feed back.

[SPEAKER_08]
Oh, yeah.
We got like this.
Hey, I was wondering what that was.
It's like somebody like open.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, got it.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.
Okay.
Uh, great.
So, uh, are, is this tapering off or the embalmers seeing this at a lesser rate now than they were before?
And how much is it tapered off?
Is it continuing to go down or is it stable?

[SPEAKER_04]
It is stable.
And it's actually rose a little bit in this last year.
My first survey that I did at the end of 2022, the embalmers were seeing the white fibers clots in 30% of their corpses.
It went down in 2023 to 20% of their corpses.
So I said, oh, this is great.
As we get further and further away from the jabs, these things are going to start to dissipate.
But in this latest survey, it popped from 20% back up to 27.5%, Steve.
So that was kind of a shock to me.
I can't explain it because, like I said, I thought it was going to taper off because most people are further and further away from their last jabs, but it may be confirmation that it may take a long time for these things to grow to the point where they eventually stroke you out or give you heart attack.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, so I hear you're having a little trouble talking to people who run mortuaries.
The bombers are willing to chat, but like, do you have any friends in the undertaking business?

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, Richard Hirschman, who you'll bring on here in just a minute.
Yeah, he is an embalmer, but you're right.
What was really strange in this latest survey I did,
My best participant from last year's survey, the Pennsylvania Funeral Directors Association, they declined to participate in this year's survey, even though they provided 125 responses last year to last year's survey.
And what was bizarre was, I have an email from their own president of the Pennsylvania Funeral Directors Association saying that he's seen unusual clotting, yet they declined to participate in the survey.
There's this tight lippiness going on in the funeral industry and also vascular surgeons and cath lab workers.
I tried to run a survey amongst them a few months ago and couldn't get a single response out of these U.S. Society for Vascular Survey, for example.
They're headquartered in Rosemont, Illinois.
They have 6,300 members across the United States vascular surgeons.
I created a survey for them, tried to give it to them.
Not a single one of them took it, Steve.
Not one.

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, it's safe in effect.
I mean, like, how can you be any more safe and effective than that?
That nobody sees any harms, I guess.

[SPEAKER_04]
So I said, well, if I can't get information from the doctor and I'll go to the patient in.
So I did a people's blood clot survey.
And within two weeks, Steve, I got over 1,400 responses from the patients.
They're happy to tell you about their blood clotting experience since 2020, whereas the doctor don't want to talk about it at all.

[SPEAKER_08]
Isn't that strange?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_08]
Gosh, I can't figure out what might cause that.
So maybe the doctors could help to explain that.
So what did the patients say about their blood clots?
Does it happen right after vaccination?
Does it happen years after vaccination?
What's going on?

[SPEAKER_04]
It was a spread.
Some of them happened within the first month after vaccination, some of them a whole year after vaccination and everything in between.
So that was interesting.

[SPEAKER_08]
And how did you even find these people?

[SPEAKER_04]
Did you do I went on John Campbell's YouTube channel also Clayton Morris is redacted news.
There you go.
QR code for me.
And then the people took the survey.
Yeah.
So yeah, big time.
And yeah, they were one of the other things that was really impressive about that survey is I asked him blood clotting issues since January of 2020 because I wanted to capture the year we had the vaccine.
Right.
No vaccine yet.
Only 80 of them responded.
They had their clotting issue in the year 2020, but then it jumped to 500 each year, 2021 through 2024.
So it was obvious from the data that COVID doesn't seem to be the problem.
It's the vaccine.

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, the vaccine's a larger problem, but it seems like, I mean,
Were there any of these white clots prior to the vaccine rollout?
That's the key question.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yes.
In the first survey that I did with the embalmers, there were 44 out of the 179 that responded and said they did see clotting in the year 2020.
but then the clotting, then the white fibers clots, but then that exploded in the year 2021.

[SPEAKER_08]
Okay, so it's somewhat related then to the, it's not exclusively a vaccine.
The vaccine is the bigger culprit here.
Correct.
But it's not like it's the only culprit.

[SPEAKER_04]
And what do they have in common, the spike protein?
Yeah, exactly.

[SPEAKER_08]
No, no, what they have in common is coincidence.

[SPEAKER_02]
And these were medically correct here.
Were these seen before COVID?
Like,

[SPEAKER_04]
29 before 2019 John Campbell said he's looked through six or seven of his old pathology books and you won't find them anywhere.
There was a phenomenon back in the late 1970s into the 80s called white white clot syndrome, which was based.
It was heparin based though.
There was a few people that they discovered were allergic to heparin.
which is a anticoagulant, and they were forming these white clots.
And what's interesting is, I think that was sulfur driven.
Greg Harrison could talk more about it, but that was sulfur driven.
And sulfur just happens to be right next to phosphorus on the periodic table.
And as we'll find out tonight, we think that phosphorus is heavily involved in the formation of these white fibrous clots.
So with that, let's go on to the next person and we'll, we'll get into, like I said, how or why the cluster farming, because I think that's the more important issue to talk about.

[SPEAKER_08]
Do you want to give us a quick clue on that one?
Cause you just teased us with the, with the phosphorus.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, I can let Greg, he'll explain it better than I can.

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay.
All right.
Yeah.
Like Greg.
Thank, thank you, Thomas.
Hang in there.
We'll come back to you for the round table.
I want to bring on embalmer Richard Hirschman.
Good to see you again.
How are you this evening, Richard?
Oh, you're muted.
Can you hear me now?
Yeah, there we go.
Great.
Loud and clear.

[SPEAKER_05]
All right.
I'm doing fine.
Thank you, Livio and Steve.
It's good to be back with you guys.
I do have a little bit of bad news.
Greg Harrison is on a plane right now.
He had to drop off.
So unfortunately, he won't be able to be with us this evening.
He was already supposed to be at his location, but he had flight delays and and he had to board just a few minutes ago So he had to drop out

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, I saw a glimpse of him backstage for about two minutes, and then he had to go board its flight, I can see.
So bummer, but good to have you here.
Thomas came in really fast, and I didn't get to read his bio, but I'm gonna read yours before I unleash you with Steve.
You're a board certified and bomber and funeral director with over 20 years of experience in the mortuary industry.
In late 2021, you made a shocking discovery.
unusual fibrous rubbery clots in the bodies of deceased individuals, unlike anything you'd encountered in your career.
As one of the first professionals to sound the alarm,
You have since documented hundreds of cases and collaborated with medical experts to analyze these mysterious structures.
Your findings which correlate with the widespread rollout of COVID-19 vaccines have raised critical questions about public health, medical transparency, and the potential long-term effects of these injections.
Your testimony has been instrumental in bringing global attention to this disturbing phenomenon, and I'm looking forward to hearing.
where we're at since last time you were here.
So thank you for being here, Steve.
Take it away.

[SPEAKER_08]
So Richard, so what's what's news?
What do we need to?
What should we know that's that's changed since we last spoke?

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, some of the things is, you know, analysis is being done.
Greg Harrison is one of the people that was had connections and we were able to do some
different tests on these things.
So we have on one of the tests, they've discovered over 500 different proteins that compose these of what these clots are.
What we're thinking is going on is some aberrant phosphorylation taking place.
The vaccine as the phospholipid nanoparticle, could it be the initiator of that is our guess.
And with the production of the spike protein only making this worse.
We do believe that the spike protein by itself, like you mentioned earlier, is a huge potential risk.
But with the mRNA making the body create spike protein, we only add to that risk.
I mean, here's the top 21 proteins.
The number one protein in there was a fibridogen beta chain at 35% and gamma chain at 16%.
And at number four was a fibridogen alpha chain.
And from what I've been understanding is that the normal clotting cascade, the ratio of fibridogen alpha, beta and gamma chain should be pretty close to a one to one to one.
so they should be equal in part.
Where these are aberrant, they're an aberrant phosphorylation, something's going on with these clots where instead of it being a one-to-one situation, we're talking 35, 16, and four and a half percent, that is nowhere near the normal clotting issue.
So something's not right.
You were asking about the phosphorus.
Phosphorus was one of the biggest things they found in one of the tests that they did, but it was followed by sulfur.
And I believe it was the white clot formation that was known about in the late 80s, which was related to heparin with the molecular weight of the heparin that they were using that was forming white clots back then.
once they realize that they changed the molecular weight in order to fix that situation.
So Waiklots have been known about in the past.
That was long before I was an embalmer, so I hadn't seen it.
But all the other embalmers that I've spoken with that had 30, 40, 50 years of experience, they'd never seen these white clots before.
So back then, even though it's been documented, it was something that was extremely rare.
And if that was so extremely rare, then why is it no longer rare?
So we're going to keep on going with the learning and studying about these things.
We did take some of these and had dioflavin T stains done to them, which fluoresced, which was making us believe that these are amyloid.
One of the doctors that did the test, which wishes to remain anonymous, believes that- To preserve their career?
Well, you know, whether it's to preserve their career or not, you know, on one hand, he has been speaking out just in a little bit differently.
But I think what Kevin McCarron is doing and some of the new tests that's coming out is going to either
confirm or prove that it's not amyloid, and the idea that it's amyloid is kind of scary.
If it's not amyloid in something else, that may be a good thing, but one way or the other, these are still abnormal.
Steve, when you were talking to Tom about these numbers and how often these embalmers were seeing it, and some of them were saying they were seeing it in 2020, I have a little bit of a guess or an
a reason why I think that might be.
Number one is called COVID-19.
And everybody thinks, well, that was back in 2019.
And so a lot of people think that the vaccine came out in January of 2020.
I've had this experience.
Tom was talking with one of the funeral directors, I know.
And he argued with me, no, he got the vaccine in January 2020.
And we're like, no, the vaccine didn't come out until December of 2020.
And he had to go back and really like try to figure out everything and then he finally realized he had the date wrong.
So some people may have said that they saw these strange white fibers clots in 2020.
The other thing is the numbers Steve and I'm going to give kudos to you because you've kind of kept me on my toes.
Before I admit you, people were asking me how often I was seeing these clots and it was in November of 2021 that I started taking notes because I didn't know how to answer the question correctly.
Because of that, I was able to get a little bit more.
And then when you interviewed me the very first time, I learned really quick, you're a serious numbers guy.
You want data.
You just want data, data, data.
And you've kind of kept me
keeping up with the records.
And I don't believe most of the embalmers that are out there, Steve, keep these kind of records.
They don't.
I would have never done it had it not been for me speaking out and had it not been for people asking me how often it had it not been for people like you asking me what are the numbers.
You asked me recently, just a few weeks ago, you wanted the overall numbers.
And I sent you a picture of this sheet right here, which explains the numbers.
Now, Tom brought up this thing to me a while back about... Recency bias?
Recency bias.
Yeah, a recency bias.
And had you asked me certain questions at a certain time, if
If the last 10 bodies I did, and you said, hey, what are the numbers?
What are the last 10?
Well, just recently, I had seven bodies in a row.
Had you asked me that question, it would be 70%.
But then, if you follow these numbers in the overall picture, when I talked to you in 2022, the overall during that time turned out to be for that quarter, it was 63%.
then it jumped up to 68%, but then it dropped to 48%.
So it depends on when somebody's asking the question, what are the percentage of the corpses you're seeing?
If the last handful of involvement you did, you didn't see it, you're gonna say, oh, well, it's obviously dropped off.
It must be much lower.
And so I don't think the numbers are quite accurate, but my numbers are pretty dagum accurate because you've kept me on my toes on this.

[SPEAKER_08]
So are you getting a sense that the numbers are going down, that they're stable or sometimes they go up and sometimes they go down?

[SPEAKER_05]
They go up and they go down.
As a matter of fact, I did this just because I knew I was going to be talking to you and I figured you'd ask this question.
32 of the last 76 bodies that I've had had these strange clots.
That's under 50%.
But that can change.

[SPEAKER_04]
Steve, we asked that question in our most recent survey.
And out of the 301 embalmers, I believe 155 of them said that the clots, we asked them, did you see the same amount of clots in 23 that you saw in 2024?
155 of them said, I've seen about the same amount in those two years.
And then there were about 50 that said they saw more clots in 2024.
And there were about 50 that said they saw less clots in 2024.
So the whole thing was kind of a wash.
So it looks like it's from year to year, it's about the same.
from these last two years.
So it's, and like I said, and they're seeing them about, you know, it's somewhere between 20 to 27% of their corpses.
So I think as Richard, he makes a good point there, the recency bias.
And I expect that some of the embalmers will overestimate, some will underestimate, but when he gets a larger sample size, like the 301, I think that I actually think the averages are fairly reliable.

[SPEAKER_08]
It sounds that way.
So Richard, do you have any sense of whether you think that these vaccines killed people or not?
Can you tell whether they're causing the fatalities or just making their legs swell or what have you?
What's your sense for what's the impact on mortality is?

[SPEAKER_05]
My concern has been from the beginning.
These clots used to not be there.
These clots are new.
They've changed.
Something's wrong.
Something's in the blood.
And because I'm not a pathologist, I can't determine the cause of death.
All I can tell you is that this stuff is there.
I mean, and here's one whopper, one right here.
I mean, this thing is 19 inches long.
That came out of an artery, by the way.
Wow.
Is it an underlying issue is my concern?
And you remember, a lot of the ones, the people that I'm pulling these clots out are elderly.
And without this substance in their blood, would they have lived longer?
That's a great question.
And I believe that's true.
That's a pretty serious question.
consideration.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, I mean, it seems like that clot is not supposed to be there.
No.
It would seem like, are doctors seeing this stuff in people who are alive?
I mean, people have asked the question, do these clots, are these postmortem clots, or are these, you know, I know there are cases where people have these clots pulled out of them and they're still alive.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yes, Steve, I mean, I've been in touch with a endovascular specialist and cardiologist from Jacksonville, Florida, who admits to me he's been pulling these white fibers, cloths out of living people for the last four years.

[SPEAKER_08]
Oh, my God.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
Also, he was publicly.
No, he's in his mid-40s.
He's got a wife and young children.
And the last thing he wants to do is destroy his career.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
So another cath lab whistleblower that Dr. Phillip McMillan over in the UK runs the YouTube channel called VEGENHealth, V-E-J-O-N.
He's got his own cath lab whistleblower.
He's been working the same cath lab for 20 years, pulling anywhere between three to 10 of these white fibers clots out of his patients every week in his one cath lab alone.
He has access to all the COVID vaccination records, Steve.
He can tell you what shots they took, what brand, when they took their shots, and how many.
And he says that whenever 99% of the time when he finds these white fibers cloths, their person's been jabbed with anywhere between one to eight jabs.
And the more jabs they've had, the worse the cloth seemed to be.

[SPEAKER_08]
Wow.
So we have a dose response relationship.
So that's a big causality indicator.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_08]
There you go.

[SPEAKER_05]
So yes, it's happening in living people.
And one of the things, I think we talked about this the last time we spoke, Steve, is I'm now in the camp of these things may be forming both anti-mortem and post-mortem, either while somebody's alive, which is anti-mortem, or when their blood stops moving, something in this protein or these proteins are somehow condensing when the blood slows down or stops,
and forms.
However, like this big one here, this is so strong and so large that I still find it almost impossible to believe that that happened simply post-mortem.
But I could be wrong on that.
I look at it like this, Steve, when you're cooking a beef stew,
Um, when that pot is hot and everything like that, yeah, you might see a little bit of the fat bubble on the top.
It's still, it's still a liquefied in a sense.
It's very soft.
But once you put it in the refrigerator and that is, it cools down, then that fat starts to clump together and stick and create a much more solid, um,
surface and you can literally pick that stuff up.
So is this a protein in the blood that is soluble until it isn't?
You know, those are great questions and hopefully other experts will be able to prove this one way or the other.

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay, thank you.
All right, let's bring on our final guess for tonight.
Give me one second here to get reorganized.
We're going to bring on Kevin McCarran.
Kevin, welcome to VSRF live.
Great to have you here.
How are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_08]
Oh, and I think you're muted.

[SPEAKER_01]
Is that better?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, much better.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_01]
Uh, yeah.
Um, and well, it's morning here.
So, um, I'll just, uh, are you in, are you in Japan?
Yes.
Yeah.
And, um, I just got called to the door there for some lab supplies and I'm waiting for a bunch right now.
So if I do have to quickly dip away from the screen just for a few minutes, uh, we will never forgive you.

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay.
So let me quickly introduce you and read your bio since in case, uh, in case someone comes to the door,
Dr. Kevin McCarron is a neuroscientist specializing in brain disorders, neurodegenerative diseases, and biomedical research.
With extensive experience in academia and clinical studies, he has focused on conditions like Parkinson's and Huntington's disease.
Recently, he has been investigated amyloid fibrin white clots and their potential links to neurological and cardiovascular complications.
His research provides crucial insights into the possible long-term effects of these clots contributing to the global discussion on vaccine safety and public health.
And again, thank you for being here and sharing your expertise tonight.

[SPEAKER_01]
Thank you for having me.
Well, what I hope I can do is rather than just talking, I can show some slides.
This is very new data.
I was in the lab earlier in the week getting this data, different lab.
where I have access to institutional grade equipment.
And I've used that to take a look at some of these samples.
So I'm going to try and share my screen and let's see, share the application.
And if you guys could just let me know that that's working.

[SPEAKER_02]
It's on, perfect.

[SPEAKER_01]
okay so um yeah so just what are you looking at on the screen there those nice what's good for that is that dinner tonight uh well just put it this way i'm not having calamari tonight so
or any sushi for that matter as you'll see as we go through these slides.
So the samples that you're looking at there were kindly sent to me by Richard and this is a phenomenon that I've been paying close attention to all through the pandemic period or by warfare.
Period, depending on how you want to look at it, I've been speaking publicly about several issues.
One, the synthetic origin of what we're dealing with, and I think the veil coming down off USAID in the last few weeks.
There's a sense of shard and froida on my side, I have to admit.
I'm hoping that the RFK coming in will do more to show the public what was going on with respect to how academia was being used and abused, but essentially as a brain trust for the bio-welfare industries.
But yeah, what are we looking at there?
So just there are two different sample types.
So one is fixed in Formlin.
That one's on the right has more gray colored appearance.
The one on the left is essentially just been dipped in alcohol and it was sealed with argon gas.
And what we'll do is we'll
work through just the rough, the gross anatomy of these phenomena and then we'll look and we'll go into finer and finer detail in terms of resolution and chemical composition and hopefully that might, well, we'll see where it goes because I'm going to have some different data points to what's commonly discussed, at least.

[SPEAKER_08]
So you don't know what's in these clots?
I thought they've been analyzed by many people.

[SPEAKER_01]
So there has been some mass spec done and there is a data indicating that there's a, well, that it's fibrin that we're looking at and one of the isoforms of fibrin, the beta form, and that seems to be in a
three times what it should be.
They should be in a sort of one-to-one ratio with the other forms, free forms that exist, free isoforms, and beta-alphibranate is not, or in this instance, is out of whack with what we would expect, and that's what the mass spec has shown in high-performance liquid chromatography.
has shown that, well, that the phosphorus and perhaps some interaction there, as we heard earlier with phosphorylation being an issue, perhaps sort of driving this form.
And the reason that I took an interest in this was that, you know, if you're looking at abnormal protonaceous buildup,
In my domain, in the neuroscience domain, the suspicion goes towards amyloids, amyloidogenic processes, protonopathy, the list goes on and those are all linked to Alzheimer's, Parkinson's, Lewy body dementia, but there's a slew of progenopathy disorders which happen below the neck as well.
Let's just see if this will.

[SPEAKER_08]
How long do these clots take to form, do you think?
Do you have any idea?

[SPEAKER_01]
So I can, yeah, I do have an idea.
So I can test, so I can challenge my own plasma.
This is an experiment I did live just the other week on stream.
And by taking the S1 subunit, so this is recombinant spike protein in this instance, meaning it's sort of synthetic.
origin and I can see abnormal microclots appear in the plasma that avidly take up fire-flavin.
You hear me talk about fire-flavin stains as they're one of the sort of
gold standards for detection of amyloid structures.
I don't think we need to delve too much into the chemistry as to why that is.
And I'll also show you that there are some major confounds that we have to deal with when trying to understand this phenomenon as we sort of go through the dissection process.

[SPEAKER_08]
How long in the clots in those vials, how long do you think they took to form?

[SPEAKER_01]
Again, it's difficult to say, depending on the break vomiting steps at each ballpark.

[SPEAKER_08]
Is it is it a year?
Is it six months?
Is it a month?
Is it three weeks?

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, if you can get microclots that are hundreds of micrometers long in 24 to 48 hours, how many?
And if, say, for example, you've got 1,000 of those per mill, then that would be high, that number.
But let's just hypothetically say it's that number.
You've got a thousand abnormal microclots in each mill of blood.
How long does it take in order for those to aggregate?
I think the more important question here is what are the conditions that are required for it to aggregate?
And that I'm not, I don't think we're really sure yet.
And the way to answer that is to have a animal model where we can systematically test this, which is what I'm working on as well.
No clue.
None of them I think I think we have to be very very cautious with how we move forward not only with What we think is the cause but what?
What could be the potential outcome?
You know we could be looking well Have there been tens of millions hurt killed and otherwise
had their life disrupted by this phenomenon and the whole series of events, no matter how you think that they were their origin or how they sort of strung together across time.
And I think it's pretty clear that there has been a large social impact.
There was a study in JAMA that just came out, which basically showed that in the young
There's been a significant increase in all cause mortality and removing the obvious factors like drugs in this instance.
One of the primary causes of death was blood disorders.
With a clinic I collaborate with here in Japan, one of the things we see is young people coming in with blood cancers and leukemias lymphomas in their 20s and 30s, whereas that should be coming at a later stage in their life.
And there was a recent pre-print from the
the active Japanese group who's pushed back against vaccines, which has shown that there appears to be an increase in cancer as well.
And cancer should be thought of as or can be thought of, I should say, as a disorder of protein misfolding.
as well.
And whether that would fit the canonical descriptions of amyloidogenesis or amyloidogenic disease processes as I would understand them coming from the neuroscience domain, that's an open question still.
But post translational modification of proteins by present abnormal proteins that have misfolded incorrectly that seem to template onto
proteins as they come out of the ribosome after translation appear to be a major mechanism in cancer and this is beginning to be recognized in the medical literature now.
That was a long-winded response to your question, but a lot of unknowns and the main crossovers with respect to pathologies is very large.
I'll move on.

[SPEAKER_08]
So pre-on disease, no doubt in your mind that it's being caused by the vaccines.

[SPEAKER_01]
Is there an impact on cognitive dysfunction and Alzheimer's disease?
There was a very large study that came out of Korea.
They have very high vaccine uptake, one of the highest in the world.
Japan, I think just
beats them out in terms of the number of doses per head of population, but they showed a significant increase in Alzheimer's phenotype and cognitive decline.

[SPEAKER_08]
Significant like 5%, 10%?
20%?

[SPEAKER_01]
I'd cast my mind back to that manuscript, but
Over, like I said, usually the prior to all the pandemic, the
The usual numbers banded about for Parkinson's Alzheimer's was like, it's a one in a hundred chance that you'll develop it as you sort of get towards your end of life.
And if we push towards, even if it was 5%, that would be a massive increase on health care burden and infrastructure that we have currently in place.
There's been a long discussion in my field about just the coming storm with respect to neurodegenerative disorders.
We knew that they were going to increase anyway with like aging populations, etc.
This just seems to have taken it and sort of turbocharged it somewhat.
the new degenerative domain you're not dealing with new disorders per se you're just dealing with more of them in a emerging and a quicker time frame and again how
We need more data and it replicating from more countries to be 100% sure.
But we're in an environment where that work doesn't want to be published or there's significant pushback against it.

[SPEAKER_08]
So it seems to be, and speaking of the pushback against it, have you convinced any of your colleagues of like, were you red-pilled before these vaccines came out?
Have any of your colleagues switched over to the so-called dark side and acknowledged that this is a problematic vaccine?

[SPEAKER_01]
In terms of my colleagues in my professional network that existed prior to the outbreak, none of them have and none.

[SPEAKER_08]
And why do you think that is?
Are they paid to look the other way?
Or they just believe that what they're told from the CDC about the vaccines being safe and effective?

[SPEAKER_01]
Tough to say, cowardice, a lot.
The theory of losing their access to their special status that they do have.

[SPEAKER_08]
Nobody's speaking out.
It's like it reminds me of the fairy tale, right?
The emperor has no clothes.
Nobody's willing to.
to state the obvious.
Like, Vinay Prasad, he wrote this nice article about what Kennedy should do now that he's in control.
And I forwarded that with the caption, how come Vinay Prasad is the only academic that is writing stuff like this for stuff to do?
The only guy.
I mean, it's quite stunning.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, and look, the people in academia hardly have a reputation for, in their specialized domains, maybe, but stepping out of line on doing something
that where they know they're going to get the opproboreum of their colleagues and institutions, institutions, they're just expecting them to step forward is like expecting it to.

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, especially since their funding all comes from the pharmaceutical industry or government funded

[SPEAKER_01]
But government funded primarily.
And look, my experience was that you were lucky and sort of top of the pile if you were getting significant funding from pharma.
But it's primarily being dependent on, in the US case, NIH grants.
Yeah, Fauci himself.

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, that's going to change pretty quickly, isn't it?

[SPEAKER_01]
I hope so.
I would just go in and gut it.
I would literally torch the... Well, we'll see.

[SPEAKER_08]
We'll see what happens when Kennedy gets in and we'll see if the resignations flow.

[SPEAKER_02]
I hope so.
So I'm going to bring in all of our guests.
I think Kevin went for a quick swim.
Hopefully he'll be back shortly.

[SPEAKER_01]
There's a number that you should see the slides I have.
So if you'd like to talk through data.
Let's do that.

[SPEAKER_02]
I'll leave everyone, but you can share the next slide and keep going.

[SPEAKER_01]
So, okay, we're just looking close and closer.
That's one of the sections under the dissection scope.
There it is magnified.
Now, I don't know how well it's coming through to you, but you can see that there's a sort of striated appearance to this.
This is not the chicken fat.
clot phenomenon that has been used by, they're called science-based medicine group run by David Gorski who tried to dismiss Richard's findings by saying that he was looking at chicken fat clots.
So here I am, I've just cut it with a scalpel and there you can see that it's a solid structure.
And so with that sort of, there's only so much you can tell with sort of gross histology like that.
So what you have to do is you need device like this.
This is a freezing.
microtone and basically that's the device on the left, sort of like a big washing machine size.
You're looking in the inside of it, that's the part above the brushes, that's the blade mount and the red part is where you mount tissue and that'll cut it very finely and below that in the right hand corner you can see
serial sections that I've taken through.
In this case, this is the formalin fixed tissue.
The reason I did formalin fixed, it's just tougher
in its field because of the formalin and I was just I just figured it would be easier to cut at this point and so now we can just start to look at the structure under a microscope so this is with the smallest objective
four times and now it's probably not going to be apparent to you yet but I'll get to how that astrology looks but one of the
issues that I was sort of jumping up and down about around these phenomena was, are they amyloids?
And I was like, you need to, I was screaming out, please, please, please, stain with fire flavin or other, there are other dyes that are amyloid specific.
Now, actually having them in my hands,
So that's the same section.
And this time it's just being hit with UV light with a blue filter and no staining and it's fluorescing bright green in and of itself.
Now, I don't know of any tissue from the body that you could pull out that has that macro scale that would have fluorescence like that.
So this in and of itself is extremely unusual.
Now, how much can we tell beyond that is, it would just be, I would say guesswork, but your hypothetical framework would be very wide and encompassing trying to figure out why that is.
But what you find is if you do stain with fireflavin on the left, so I've just dropped some onto those sections that you can see, and now you can see that it's staining far more brightly than the background fluorescence that it has,
Does this mean that it's amyloid?
Again, we don't have enough data at this point to answer that question.
And I've got another delivery.

[SPEAKER_02]
Konnichiwa.

[SPEAKER_01]
Hi, hi.

[SPEAKER_02]
We've got a new guest on the show tonight, delivering a package.

[SPEAKER_04]
Hopefully he can... What he's shown there, Livio, is that by standing green, looking green under fluorescent green under UV light, that is a positive confirmation that amyloid may be present, because that is a positive thing for amyloid presence.
In addition to the thiophlavin-T testing, these clots have been examined.
Other tests have been performed.
There's been an IC-PMS test, which is inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry analysis.
That actually identifies the elemental composition we talked about earlier.
The clots contain very little potassium, magnesium, and iron that are present in regular blood.
You know, that's why it has the white color.
Iron gives blood as red color, for example.
And then, conversely, they have found very high amounts of phosphorus and other elements like tin in these clots, which are usually not present.

[SPEAKER_01]
Sorry, I apologize about that.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, no worries.
Thomas was helping explain what causes this.
Yes.

[SPEAKER_08]
I have to run here in three minutes.
How many more slides do you have?

[SPEAKER_01]
I could rattle through them really quick because it's variations on the same theme, but you should probably see this one.
So this is close-up maximum optical resolution.
Here you can see the very fibrous network, which would sort of indicate that it is fibrin, potentially fibrin in nature.
What I was able to do now is to use scanning electron microscopy.
There you can see.
So this is 25 times.
I'm just going to go down in resolution just so you can see the structure again.
And then we'll look at spectroscopic data, the elemental makeup.
So that's 250 times.
Again, you're looking at the fibrous nature.
Excuse me a thousand times.

[SPEAKER_08]
Okay, but give me some context here.
Why is this important to our listeners?

[SPEAKER_01]
So we're trying to understand what these clots are made from, right?
Why do they look the way that they do?
And in order to understand that, you need to understand not only the growth structure, we can see that they look abnormal when looking at a
Large.

[SPEAKER_08]
But people like the context because we don't typically look at a scanning electronic microscope slides.
So can you give us some context?
Like, have you ever seen anything like this before?
And what do you think it means?

[SPEAKER_01]
So again, I'm pushing down the line of trying to confirm or not whether it's amyloid in nature and the fibrin as a structure in its normal form is well understood.

[SPEAKER_08]
But if it is amyloid in nature, what does that mean?
What are the implications?
And if it's not, what does it mean as well?
If it's not amyloid, then what are the implications of each one?

[SPEAKER_01]
So if it's amyloidogenic, then basically it means it can be self-amplifying.
And despite the initial
causal agent not being there anymore, they can continue to aggregate such that they become pathological and essentially lead to.

[SPEAKER_08]
Okay, self-amplifying.
And if they're not amyloid, then they, then they don't self-amplify.

[SPEAKER_01]
Generally not.
So the, but when you're dealing with fibrin, which is part of a clotting cascade where its function is to amplify to cover
bleeding, right?
You're trying to essentially cover the platelets.
So there's this, this is why it's such a difficult topic and why we need a lot more research and why it's important to look down at this scale to see
just to be able to extract features that perhaps we can look at more well-known phenomenon and say, okay, there is some overlap here.

[SPEAKER_08]
So to date, you haven't been able to find a phenomenon that is similar to this?

[SPEAKER_01]
No, I've never.
To see tissue that would come out
of the body and fluoresce in that manner at that scale.
So it doesn't, yes, very, very, very weird.
I can't, nothing in my experience.
So I've done hundreds of whole body exsanguinations in primates.
I've never seen clots like that.
I would see, you'd see the normal red jelly-like ones.
I've never seen these white fibrous ones in monkeys.
And, you know, the issue is,

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, so what happens when you talk to your colleagues about this?
What do they say?
Do they say, oh, this can't exist or that they're equally perplexed or do they dismiss it as saying, well, we don't know what causes it, but we know for sure it's not the vaccine.

[SPEAKER_01]
And they don't want it.
They won't talk to me.
Essentially, from four years ago, talking about synthetic origin in terms of the virus, I've stepped into a dissident space.
And so they will go out of their way to not talk to me.
Wow.

[SPEAKER_08]
So that's... Color me not surprised, but it's shameful that this is happening.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
Steve, the way you explain to me, Steve, is that the normal fibrin is more of a much more structured lattice work that, you know, then aggregates the platelets that forms a normal clot and then our body's enzyme plasmon can very easily break down that fibrin, the normal fibrin, and dispose of the clot after the wound is healed.
But what Kevin's just shown you there is that this amyloid or these mis-shaped or misfolded polymers of the fibrinogen chains with potentially the spike protein and maybe the lipanana particle and these non-scent proteins is all, you know, spaghetti-ed up and gummed up, you know, stuck to the bottom of the pot, like spaghetti with cheese.
And then it becomes difficult for plasma then to attach that enzyme and break it down.
So then these clots tend to persist because the enzyme plasma cannot attach and break it down.

[SPEAKER_08]
So how would I know if I have any of these clots?
Do I have to wait for symptoms to be able to?

[SPEAKER_01]
You can send me a blood sample.
I can check you for microclots for sure.
Really?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.

[SPEAKER_02]
To follow up on that question, Steve, is there any other conventional tasks like a CT scan?
Are there other ways to detect these clots?
besides sending them to a special lab like yours, like how?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, you're asking me.
So again, scientifically, I have some issues around this whole phenomenon.
One is like, if these are so prevalent, and they're so, look, I've held them in my hand now, and I can tell you that they're very fibrous, very tough.
And my question is, why aren't they being picked up
in people who were just going for ultrasound, because there are people who were prone to blood clots prior to the outbreak of the pandemic.

[SPEAKER_04]
why why why aren't they being picked up in a manner and why aren't we seeing well again that okay so what's the answer I can I can answer that Steve the uh half lab will support that I'm in contact with from Jacksonville Florida the endovascular specialist and cardiologist
He says the clots are being thrown away.
So that's a pathology.
Yeah, they're taking the clots out.
Like I said, that one cath lab worker is taking anywhere between three to 10 out per week.
And it's one cath lab alone, but they're not keeping them.

[SPEAKER_08]
What is the prevalence of this?
If you vaccinate 100 people, how many would have microclots detectable by your
Matthew, your whatever technique you use to.

[SPEAKER_01]
So, so the, if there's spike protein present in the plasma, I would say you would find some.
microclot and depending on how much there is in your own makeup, your own physical makeup.

[SPEAKER_08]
I'm not asking that question.
I'm asking the question, if you were to vaccinate 100 people, how many of those 100 people would develop microclots?

[SPEAKER_01]
We're guessing here, I don't know.
But the problem is that this phenomenon is out there and I can replicate it

[SPEAKER_08]
on my yeah yeah but but so nobody's done any kind of study just to just randomly recruit 10 people and say hey come on in i want to test your blood right because if it's if it's just a regular blood test why not it's not a regular blood test that's the thing well no no no but if it's a it's a blood draw right it's a it's a red tube or you know whatever tube color it's a it's not like it's a specialized draw needed you need to
draw the blood.

[SPEAKER_01]
It's the test that's specialized.
So there's no automated tests to look for the microclots.
Now, you might get a signal in the acute phases, but if you're having these amyloid like microclots persist for a long time, they're not picked up.
And in fact, the

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, because nobody's testing for them.

[SPEAKER_01]
But my question is why is there's no automated test?

[SPEAKER_08]
That's the issue.
Right.
Right.
But why isn't someone doing a mini little study where you recruit?
Let's just randomly recruit 10 people who've been, you know, were vaccinated six months ago or, you know, just got the booster or whatever and take 10 people and just be able to
or 20 people or whatever and just be able to get a sense for how serious this is, how prevalent it is.
So you have no idea.
So you have no idea whether it's one at 10 or one in 100.

[SPEAKER_01]
So this will come down to your sampling bias.
Now, I've done that, essentially.
I've asked people, send me if you've been vaccinated, if you've got, if you think you're vaccinated, if you've had no vaccine.

[SPEAKER_08]
You're only the people who are potentially injured are going to send you their samples.

[SPEAKER_01]
But I also have also asked for long covid and people who basically think nothing has happened to them Yeah, and what are the results like is it one in ten one in a hundred?
Well, everyone that sends me from vaccinated, they're there, right?
But then, again, that's not a random sample.

[SPEAKER_08]
But that's significant.
It's not like it's in zero out of 20.

[SPEAKER_01]
No, I think it's a highly significant finding.

[SPEAKER_08]
So are the numbers like 20 out of 20, or is it 50 out of 50?
So basically,

[SPEAKER_01]
I'm running at 15 COVID vaccine injured.
Sorry, vaccine injured.
10 long COVID and about five people sending me their normal.

[SPEAKER_08]
So 30 out of 30.

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, so I can.

[SPEAKER_04]
I can say speak in the in the embalmers are seeing the micro clotting in 22% of their corpses in the latest survey.
I don't think there's any reason to suspect that the that might be a good representation of the general population.
So it could be as much as you know, 22% of people walking around.
If you did take their blood samples, living people, you might find evidence of micro clotting in.

[SPEAKER_08]
But Kevin said, you need a specialized test.
You wouldn't be able to see it unless you use the specialized manual test.
So the stuff that you're seeing may be a lot more severe.

[SPEAKER_01]
They're macro clots still.
If they're seeing them with being on the ex-anguination process during embalming, and they're seeing what was this coffee ground appearance, that's by definition a macro clot.

[SPEAKER_08]
Right, versus the microclot.
I got a run, but I'm going to turn it over to Olivia.
Thank you so much for being here today.

[SPEAKER_02]
Thank you, Steve.
I want to follow up on that.
Is there anything that can be done to dissolve these macroclots, these type of plots?

[SPEAKER_08]
While you're still alive.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, that's the question, and we're getting many questions from the audience about that.
Are there any agents that break down these clots?
Will eloquous actually work on this?
Will natokinase work?

[SPEAKER_04]
I'll tell you from the contact I've had with my vascular surgeon or my endovascular specialist, he says that, and also Dr. Millen's cath lab whistleblower,
When the patient first comes in, they'll give them TPA, Tissue Plasmidogen Activator, and that does a great job on breaking down the great jelly clots, but it doesn't seem to have much effect at all on these white fibrous clots.
So then they have to go in flexible catheters that either scrape them out, suck them out, or lasso the clot out.
So I think that we have a severe problem here with the white fibrous clots.
The only way to go get them is physically remove them once they form, which is unfortunate.

[SPEAKER_02]
Has that happened in people that are alive with these?
Yes.

[SPEAKER_04]
We're talking about people having removed in catheterization labs.
So then the trick becomes to try to reduce your spike protein levels so you don't form them in the first place.
And that's where Dr. Peter McCullough's recommendation of taking natokinase bromelank or human
knack, those kind of things to help keep you, to detox you from the spike protein so then the clots don't form in the first place.
They don't do damage to the endothelial lining and then start this cascade that produces these white fibers clots.

[SPEAKER_01]
I would be in agreement with that.
We had a concern, just going back 12, 18 months, that if you're dealing with something that has an amyloid core and they're prone to this self-amplifying mechanism that
breaking them up might not be the best thing to do or may come with its own suite of problems, right, because you would just be disseminating amyloidogenic seeds everywhere.
At the moment, because the, so I've done some process called Raman spectroscopy.
Again, this is very provisional data, but I don't see the canonical features for amyloid cores
Being there, but then again, I need many, many more hours in front of the scope and machine to confirm this one way or the other.
And the, you know, yes, take things like nado kinase things that act.
on fibrin, fibrinogen, and that part of the clotting cascade.
And, you know, just to emphasize a little more, a couple more slides.
But so now you're looking at it 5,000 times.
And what you can see, if you, I should probably, maybe I could dive a pointer.
Give me a pointer real quick.
all on the left you should see a little yeah is that is that coming on the screen yeah yeah we can see it okay so if you if you look at fibrin usually right and it's very smooth and here you can see nodules and bumps on this and
The other, I don't know how clear that comes through to you, but looking at this, it's got a very strong rotational twist to the fibre as well.
But that's a sort of interest in talking about amyloids themselves, but I think probably we don't have time to fully cover that today.
But these nodules being here are indicative of it being in a pathological form.
And if I...
I don't want to go that other way.
So in August of this year, this manuscript was published, Fibrin Drys, from bone inflammation neuropathology in COVID-19.
And they...
Here you can see, I've taken the inset there from their figure, you can see healthy fibrin and here you can see it after it's been exposed to spike and there you can see the nodules on the fiber as you can see as I've found.
And so, you know, what does that mean?
Again, it's probably has a lot to do with the body's ability to break it down.
And so even if this is not an amyloid condition in and of itself, the fibrin, because of its
there's so much of it of course and it's in and it it seeding in this manner potentially can cause well this there's large macro phenomenon to emerge and if it's this sort of noduled form then the enzymes that you would like like plasminogen just are not going to be able to
latch onto it and break it down like we would expect it to.
And so the other question that's been sort of phenomenon that's been sort of discussed is the
elemental composition.
And so I was able to begin looking at that.
And one of the claims that's been made is that there is tin or tin is a prerequisite to the formation of this phenomenon.
And so what you see next, this is something called
edx so elemental dispersive x-ray mapping and it's just going to look so basically if you go back it's that.
that image and basically you're just saying what elements from the periodic table are present in that image and so it sort of creates this map and basically what we see is that you need to know your chemical symbols but you see carbon in red, oxygen in green, silicon is from the glass slide
chlorine and sodium is sodium chloride, which makes up the buffer solution, magnesium, there's some aluminium, calcium, phosphorus, sulphur and nitrogen.
Now, sort of aluminium and silicon, all of those basically look like
They're the elements of life in this instance and there is no tin in these samples or in the sample that I checked.
Now this is, I've got two to hand.
Now maybe in the second one, I'll find it, but using this technique, there was no tin.

[SPEAKER_04]
We believe that 10 might be a catalyst that may actually help speed up the formation of the class, but I don't think it's necessary that 10 has to be present in order for the class to form.
That's the impression I got from talking to Greg Harrison.
It acts more as a catalyst than that may or doesn't necessarily have to be present, but could speed up the reaction if it is present.

[SPEAKER_02]
Can you help our audience understand that you're showing this chart here that says that there's no 10 present, but there was earlier.
I got a little lost in that part.

[SPEAKER_01]
So previous, so the work done by Greg, and this was data put out by initially, I've forgotten his name now, Brighton Guy.
Mike Adams.

[SPEAKER_04]
Mike Adams, yeah.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
He did.
I see P mass spec and yeah and um they he said that there was um no no iron no and tin in this sort of standout phenomena and um I don't see it and so you know what does that mean it means
This phenomenon is capable of emerging without Tin being present.

[SPEAKER_04]
And I think we know that because embalmers all over the world are finding the white fibers clots.
Some countries, I believe, like Australia, they don't have a lot of tin.
It's tin, something you accumulate here in the United States because of the way that our PVC pipes are made.
People can accumulate over a lifetime, a certain amount of tin in their bodies.
Not so in Australia where they have different rules, I think, for their plumbing.

[SPEAKER_02]
So we're not seeing this in other countries that don't have the same kind of
infrastructures we have here in the U.S. that we accumulate over time?

[SPEAKER_04]
Because I've lost you.

[SPEAKER_02]
I mean, just like you were mentioned, like the piping and that we accumulate 10 over time here versus the white fibers cluster being found everywhere.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
So I think this what's the common has to be necessarily present or for the class to form.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
And so as a scientist, what you're trying to do is trying to get down to what is the base variables that you need in order for this phenomenon to occur.
And I would say that it's fibrinogen and spike protein.
Now, that exposure can happen either through the normal infective route, or you can take, when this was my concern right from the beginning, that what
what was shown, what I knew to be from a bioinformatics standpoint, there were a large number of amyloidogenic sequences in that spike protein, way more than you would see with respect to other coronaviruses and basically
You were taking that and then asking the body to express it using gene transfection technologies.
And I couldn't, I think I would have struggled.
to have that cleared as an experiment to do in primates to try to build out, say, a model of Parkinson's or amyloidogenic disease of the central nervous system.
If I said I was going to systemically gene-transfect amyloids into a test animal, I mean, you'd be able to do it.
So there's degrees of classification that you would work under.
And generally, when the models I worked with, where you're working with neurotoxins, you're at the extreme end.
Class F was sort of under NIH guidelines, if I remember correctly.
And you have
very, very strict rules about how you operate, or you're supposed to operate in an institutional environment.
And then if you're doing anything that involves genetic engineering, you essentially add a whole other layer of complexity onto those studies.
Now, just to give you an example, I could induce Parkinsonism by using the neurotoxin route,
and essentially disposal of the body basically goes the same route and the handling of the tissue goes the same route as anything else, sort of as the experiment gets completed.
If I do anything that involves creating a genetically modified organism and genetically modified, in this instance, doesn't just mean that you've made changes to the germline,
of the animal.
Genetic modification can mean that you're having the animal express peptides that have been induced through techniques.
The most common wonder I came across and used was adenovirus.
But once having done that, you had to separate and go down a different clearance protocol.
to make sure that that tissue was disposed of properly.
And it just seems to me that they took all those guidelines that were there present up to 2019 and who just ripped them up.

[SPEAKER_03]
In short, Kevin, it's, you know, primate lives matter, but humans don't.

[SPEAKER_01]
Right.
I guess, you know.

[SPEAKER_03]
A lot of things prevent doing this.
And they violated all of them in the name of emergency.

[SPEAKER_01]
Hmm.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
I was going to say, Olivia, one of the things we were discussing before we started the meeting tonight was you might want to bring up these slides, Olivia.
I know the audience is probably interested to know.
The ones you sent me earlier.
to determine or not whether they may have this white fibers clots in this material without knowing it.
And you know, I know your audience is probably familiar with D-dimer test is one of the things that people can take to check for clotting.
Also, there's a test called VEGF that tests for endothelial lining damage.
And then there's a CD40 ligand test that actually people can take that blood tested for platelet activation.
But one of the things we did is we looked at a arm Burkhardt, the late Barbara Burkhardt in one of his lectures, showed this slide and he showed this slide of a 40 year old woman.
She was a marathon runner prior to getting the COVID vaccine with fit as a fiddle.
Then she took a.
The vaccine and she started having terrible problems, symptomatic problems in her legs and her feet, couldn't run anymore.
So they took a sample of her blood.
This was taken in a gold top blood collection tube also and is equivalent to what's called a tiger top or red and gray marble top tube.
that uses a serum separator tube.
And you can see there at the bottom, after this has been spun in a centrifuge, the red blood cell layer and dark red there at the bottom of the tube, then you see the gel separator layer there, kind of that clearish white one.
And then in the top of the tube is your plasma, your serum, which is kind of clear yellowish in color, but something is there that's not supposed to be there.
this white clump of material, you see sitting there at the bottom of that kind of clearish yellow plasma layer.
So this was an indication that this woman had this white clot material forming inside her body.
And like I said, she was symptomatic.
Now go to the next slide and we'll show you, here's a case.
There should be four syringes on there.
If you scroll down in that file,

[SPEAKER_02]
Are you seeing it?

[SPEAKER_04]
Was there, oops.

[SPEAKER_02]
This one here.

[SPEAKER_04]
I don't see the photo on there.
But there was a picture of four syringes in there.
There it is.
This particular person, it was a COVID vaccinated person, had two doses of Pfizer.
And he had a 30 millimeters of blood drawn in each of those tubes.
And this particular one, you can see kind of that clumpy white material sitting at the bottom of the plasma layer again.
This person felt fine.
By the way, they're asymptomatic.
They had no idea they had this clotting going on inside them.
So that's kind of scary, right?
Now take a look at the last slide.
This was a middle-aged woman.
She was COVID vaccinated.
And you see the white.
called J&J and she was highly symptomatic.
She had severe fatigue, brain fog, a lot of the traditional things that you see with people who have been vaccine injured.
So my question for Kevin McCarren and Kevin McKernan is based on this, do you think that we could develop a particular type of a simple blood test that might be able to help people determine whether or not they have this white fibrous clotting going on inside them?
Because it appears from these samples we got here that it is possible.
So I'm hopeful that we can develop a simple blood separation test to look for this.

[SPEAKER_03]
So obviously the work that Kevin McCarron's doing here looking at dioflavin and these clotting factors is one side of the equation.
It's possible that there's DNA wrapped in these things.
If you look in these clotting cascades, they often have DNA as part of the matrix.
I put a couple of links in the chat here that perhaps we can get live.
that speak to this, that there's a clotting cascade that recruits circulating DNA.
In fact, people who have higher levels of circulating DNA tend to clot at a higher rate, and it looks to be involved in the spike protein-related system.
So, you know, is that going to be the vaccine DNA?
I don't know.
It could just be genomic DNA that's circulating, and we could look for both to see if there is a higher level of circulating
DNA that's there and if it bioflavin stains as well.
Yeah, I went through through this talk and tried to just throw some of the comments people were having and questions he was having through chat GBT to get more detail on it and everything these guys are saying checks out.
There's there's fibrinogen clotting going on it's spike proteins involved phosphorylation protein phosphorylation is important.
There's probably five or six screen captures from output there that I think is worth, maybe we'll post them later.
But this net thing down here is related to this neutrophil extracellular trap.
That's usually involved with DNA that's circulating as well.
That may in fact be helping this clotting cascade.
And so we could potentially be going about looking for both to try to draw some type of orthogonal signal out of this to say,
Hey, this is this is what's going on to Steve's question.
Why don't we have, you know, 30 to 40 people studies done on this?
I'm sure your audience knows there's $1.2 billion worth of vaccine royalty flowing into the NIH.
They're never going to fund this unless someone like RFK goes in there and cleans house.
They need to take that $1.2 billion of vaccine royalty, double it, and put it over looking at vaccine injury.
This is something they caused.
In fact, maybe triple it, triple damages.
You got $1.2 billion of vaccine injury money, triple damages, go fix it and study it and fund people who are looking at this, who are pioneers in this space like the folks you have on this list.
And really understand this clotting stuff that the work that Kevin's trying to do here.
This is not something you can do in your basement.
All right.
This needs really sophisticated equipment to be able to scan this type of material.
The DNA stuff we can do pretty much in basements.
It's very cheap and affordable.
I'm not worried about that getting funded.
I'm worried about the work that they've been doing, which might actually underscore the mechanism of what's going on here.
It does require expensive equipment and isn't going to get funded unless we have a change of leadership and understanding that that vaccine royalty needs to be turned over to looking at the injury.

[SPEAKER_04]
In the meantime, by the way, Kevin, people are going to have a hard time if they want to go to their local hospital into their labs and get blood drawn and do just a simple blood separation test like the slides I just showed.
I actually tried it.
I'm a retired US Air Force major and I went to my base hospital here in Dayton, Ohio, right?
Paterson Air Force Base.
And I said, hey, I'd like to have a tube of my own blood drawn so I can just do a simple test.
And they asked me, what are you going to do?
And I said, I'm going to let it stand for about four hours, let the blood separate into its RBC layer, red blood cell layer, and then plasma layer floating on the top.
And I'm going to see if I've got any of this white clot material in my own blood.
And they said, well, we can't let you have that.
And I said, why can't you let me have my own blood?
They said, because it's a biohazard.
So people right now people trying to get a test like this a simple blood test blood separation test to test their own blood labs won't do it in your in your local hospital so we're gonna have to break through the

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, that's why I've been working on this protocol.
So there's no problem.
So you can go to my lab web page.
You can, using just a needle stick device that diabetics use, you can put a few spots of blood onto a slide.
And then I can process that and check and just count
how many fluorescent aggregates you have in your blood.

[SPEAKER_02]
Can you give us the website so Janet could put it in the chat again to where people can send this?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, it's synapteclabs.com.
Synapteclabs.com.

[SPEAKER_02]
Janet, if you can find that and put that in the chat, that would be very helpful.

[SPEAKER_04]
Now, Kevin, I know that Dr. Risa Pretorius in South Africa, they have a numbering system for severity of microclotting in people.
And I think Dr. Jordan Vaughan uses his clinic in Birmingham, Alabama.
I think Dr. Pierre Corey and his partner Scott Marsland use it in their practice.
And I think they rate the microclotting in people from a level of like one to four severity, three and four being the worst severities.
Is that the kind of thing you'll be able to tell people how bad the microphone is?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, it's not quantitative, hard quantitation like something like PCI, which Kevin would do.
But I can give a professional's insight into what I see because the issue that you have with this test is a lot of false positives.
And I think there's a methodological problem with how Pistorius is doing this work, which is that they take and look just at the plasma fraction.
And the size of these clots run into hundreds of micrometers.
And so if you spin that down, it's just going to separate out from the plasma.
So it's great to have both.
And if people could send me a tube, someone could send a tube.
Right.
You don't need much.
A few mils of blood is enough.

[SPEAKER_04]
And the particular chirp, because there's multiple types of blood collection tubes, that particular one you showed is a lavender.
Yeah, it's just a EDTA.
Yeah, EDTA.
It's an EDTA anticoagulant to keep the blood nice and liquid and separated so it doesn't clot up right away.

[SPEAKER_02]
What's the cost for someone who might want to send you a blood sample?

[SPEAKER_01]
So I'll do the analysis for $150.
That's half the price that's available elsewhere.
I'm trying to do this to give people something to lean on when their medical providers are gaslighting them.
like, like not even get not even handing over your own blood, right?
And this is, I think this is an outrageous state of affairs.
And, you know, there's, you know, there are limits to what you can pull from this.
But what I can see is it's
I can see people who have been injured through those medical, forced medical interventions, right?
People weren't given a choice.
They say that they weren't fully mandated, but when you're holding people's jobs over their heads, that's forced coercion.
Yeah, exactly.

[SPEAKER_02]
We've had people be yelled at and told that they weren't forced, that nobody put a gun to their head, but their livelihoods were dependent on it.

[SPEAKER_01]
I know just from my own experience, 30 years ago when I was at university, I had a very severe post-viral condition and they said it was likely from Epstein bar virus.
And it was very, very, and that's why I've always sort of maintained an interest in this space.
And it was always very disheartening to just have the doc say there's nothing wrong with you.
I'm like, that's not.
That's not true.
I can barely walk from my bed to the shower.
When I get in the shower, it's excruciatingly painful.
Something's going on and they just didn't have, if the test, you know, their list for tests that were available didn't show anything, then
There's nothing wrong with you.
And the worst thing about it is that they'll basically turn around and say that you've got some sort of functional neurological disorder.
And that's just, again, medical gaslighting for basically saying it's all in your head.
And when I can assure you, and I don't know if I could, let me just show you what the microclots look like on the screen.

[SPEAKER_04]
He does that.
I'll tell the audience that, you know, Richard and I are telling the embalmers that we run into until further notice in case these things do wind up being prions being involved because prion disease is contagious.
So you could get it by touching the cloths if they do indeed have
pry on in them.
So we're telling the embalmers, hey, continue to wear your latex gloves, your mask, and also clean your instruments too, your forceps and stuff they use to remove the clots.
I know Richard himself is very careful, but we're letting all the other embalmers know that until further notice, just be careful how you're handling these white fibers clots when you come across them in the embalming room, because they could potentially be contagious.

[SPEAKER_02]
What about the ones who aren't sharing this information that are finding them and just throwing them away?
They wear how contagious this can be?

[SPEAKER_04]
Probably not.

[SPEAKER_01]
I mean, I can show you some data around prowns.
You have the wrong screen, right?
That's what you're sharing at the moment, I believe.
Yeah, it should not show presentation view, resume slideshow.
Does that change?
Not yet.
Well, I mean, you can, I'll quickly try again.
I don't want to sort of go around PowerPoint hell, but share.

[SPEAKER_02]
And Kevin just left, but I wanted to ask Kevin a question about, oh, here we go.

[SPEAKER_01]
that there is one of the other type of microclot that I'm able to pick out during this type of test.
And that's just its microscopic view.
And that's it stained with fireflavin.
And this is in a vaccine-injured individual.

[SPEAKER_03]
So for those who don't know, I think it's important to point out that thioflavin particularly stains a typo.
Is it the beta pleat in the amyloid that it's specific for?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, so it's the stacked, so we call it the stacked solenoid, beta core solenoid, within the oligomers that join together and thiaflavin intercalates between each layer of beta pleated sheet, and that changes the shape of the molecule, allowing it to fluoresce in this instance.

[SPEAKER_03]
If you were to just stain normal fibridgen or fibrin,
What would you see?
Would you see just as much of this green or is this something that's very specific to a missful?

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, this is an outstanding question at the moment and something that we need to look into.
So, you know, when we look at this,
phenomenon, right?
Where I haven't stained, did that change?
It didn't change on the screen, did it?

[SPEAKER_04]
I got the impression that normal fibrin would not stain thyleflavin.
It would not light up green like that because it's properly folded, whereas the thyleflavin T is because the fibrinogen is misshapenly folded, that's causing it to light up green.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, again, I would be careful and just maintain a degree of skepticism with where people say that there is nailed on specificity in this domain.
It's in terms of
scientific or the arc of modern science, these guys are relatively recent.
Now you can, there are more sophisticated ones that have emerged sort of the cover across sort of various wavelengths called Amitaka.
But the fact that that
large piece of tissue floresces in that manner right that that whole slice that I've taken and no doubt if you took the whole.
The whole clock and you were just to shine it UV light on it would glow now I.
Perhaps someone in the audience will say that this is not the case, but I don't know of any tissue type that does that.
Right.
There's a reason why there's the staining protocols is that you're trying to add fluorescence to them so that you can delineate them properly.

[SPEAKER_04]
I think they also stain positive for Congo Red.
Isn't that true, Richard?
They did Congo Red staining and they also came up with a positive.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yes.
Arnie Burkard and Ryan Cole have done histology and they didn't use Style Flavin, but
They used Congo red and they said amyloid like.
I don't think they were calling it 100% amyloid, but it's amyloid like.
And the thyleflavin test is what Greg wanted to try to get done, which is what we did, because it would just be another test to see if it fluoresced.
And when Ryan Cole and the late Arne Burkhart talked about the amyloid-like structures that was known,
through the histology staining a thyleflab or a Tonga red, they called it amyloid like.
So this was just another test.
Now, I think Kevin is doing a great thing here to do additional tests because it's important that we know that it is true amyloid or is it a amyloid precursor or is it something else?
I think it's important.
I think Kevin McCarron is saying the wise thing, be cautious on what we say.
I'm just a mortician.
I have some doctors tell me it's this, then I say, well, it tests positive for that.
So this is what I now know.
But you've got two Kevin's on here that are super smart people and they're looking at using more and more tests to get more and more definitive answers.
And I think they take a wise approach on being cautious on saying exactly what it is when we need further testing to prove or disprove what it is.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
And the thing is, your institute should have done this three, four years ago, and they didn't.
And this is why I'm inclined towards
there's no saving these organizations right now.
But there's something that I struggled with, how to get around the perverse incentives of the publication system.
And my thought was that, well, we have to, one, differentiate universities, basically, our learning centers from the private domain.
and my sort of idea was
anything that's publicly funded, that data should be accessible, that the PIs from those universities should not be allowed to profit from patents or any intellectual property in this instance.
You want the cachet of being called professor and working in an academic institute, you're basically going to have to forego all that.
And I think this is the length that we're going to need to go to restore trust.
And Kevin, I heard him talk about this a few years back.
And I think it was a brilliant idea is that the data that you produce should basically all be blockchain.
Blockchain in a way that so that it's there in the public domain so people can access it because they've paid for it.
And two,
that it can't be scrubbed from our history and because people find it. I've seen too many papers on this exact topic get scrubbed. I mean, right back to the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
Hmm.
That's why I just don't even bother with trying to publish any of this stuff.
I just think it's pointless exercise.
Why would I try to contribute to a system that I know is inherently broken and damaging to?

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, we have a friend who's actually backstage with a Samantha Damian and she's vaccinated and we
talked about hers and she saw Dr. Jordan Vaughn and he did a test and this is the result of what he found in his lab.
Same phosphorescent coloring that you're seeing.
And Amanda, I don't know if you can unmute yourself and talk through what your experience was with these and what Dr. Jordan found.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, we just took a quick sample out of my arm, dropped it on a slide and went in his office and looked at it under a microscope and right away these things that, especially this one right here, this one really shocked me.
Kevin, when you showed that close-up view of the twisted structure, this looks very similar and honestly scares the crap out of me, but
They look like these long stringy things and Jordan considered this on the scale for and, you know, we tried multiple different protocols and in terms of thinning the blood or trying to get these things out of the blood and it still has not.
happened.
This sample was taken two years and one month post one Moderna vaccine that paralyzed me and put me in a wheelchair.
So this is not like right after the shot.
This was formed.
This was two years later.

[SPEAKER_01]
Mm yep.
Um, like I say, I have plenty of examples like that, and I can, you know, if that was if that was a style flavin or a Congo red is it I looks that's a fire flavin stain there.

[SPEAKER_03]
I put a couple more screenshots in the chat.
Maybe there's a way we can save this so the audience can see it later.
That just, just chat GPT entries of, hey, what's the difference between congo red and thioflavin?
So folks can understand the nuance that Kevin is putting forward is important because we ran into the same thing with the DNA study is that we had these dyes that stain DNA and RNA differently.
And they turned out to be a real point of contention in the regulators deciding whether they would accept certain fluorometry data
And some of that confusion is because no one in the field really knows how pseudo-uridine RNA responds to these dyes.
We're all guessing and arguing with one another.
And that's because that's a different methyl group.
There's 800 of them in the RNA, and it arguably folds more and collects more dye.
And so it can create more crosstalk with these dyes.
So we're in unknown space here, which is all Kevin's trying to say, is that we can't be 100% definitive on these statements.
We're trying to be, you know,
Properly nuanced and that is a new field.
We don't know what all the signals mean.
And we're trying to get to the bottom of it.

[SPEAKER_04]
Now, we do know from a doctor or from arm Burkhardt's lecture that he gave.
That a particular standing technique has been developed and I think Ryan Cole is used it.
They can determine right the difference between spike protein.
from the virus where the nucleocapsid is present, from spike protein produced by the vaccine, where there is no nucleocapsid, because I've seen slides of different areas like the liver, the spleen, other locations where they've done staining to show their presence of spike just from the vaccine.
Is that right, Kevin?
Right, Karen?

[SPEAKER_01]
So in this instance, basically, the technique is called immunohistochemistry.
And the way that, again,
If in a purely scientific environment, there could be lots of back and forth as to the meaning of this data.
But just in this context, basically what they're saying is that if you put antibodies in that are specific for nuclear capsid and spike protein, and you only get spike protein,
labeled tissues and you don't see any antibodies binding to nuclear capsid, then the presumption is that that source of spike protein has come from the vaccine.
If it co-localizes with nuclear capsid, then you're likely dealing with viral infection.

[SPEAKER_03]
Again, there is a caveat I've heard to that Kevin that and I don't know how true it is.
This is just the pushback I've gotten when people have used that is that.
There is a difference in nucleocapsidon spike expression tissue to tissue.
So some tissues may have more nucleocapsidon more spike and you could be dealing with a false assumption there.
Now, there's two other techniques people use to try to separate this, which is the spike from the vaccine has two proteins that are different.
And to the extent you can drive an ELISA to differentiate those, I've heard of some that do that.
I don't know how well it works.
There's mass spec data that I know the Peterson lab has used to be able to differentiate that when they see those two protein differences, they know it's actually from the vaccine.
And there's DNA, the DNA evidence is very different between the spike and they're only 70% identical.
So they're like every, you know, third base is different in the vaccine than in the virus.
So it's very easy to distinguish the DNA if it's there.
Sometimes the DNA doesn't last as long as the spike protein itself.
So it may not be there.
You mean within 60 day window, maybe you can use DNA to differentiate them.
But for the people who are out a year, you probably have to use mass spec to differentiate them or carefully look at these ELISOs that Kevin's talking about.
So again, it's a field where we don't fully understand this nucleocapsid versus spike assay and whether you can rely on an absence of nucleocapsid guaranteeing it's only from the vaccine.
And I think probably in 95% of the cases, that's probably true, but there may be exceptions.

[SPEAKER_04]
I have kind of an awful all question for the two Kevin's.
There's a lot of people, not a lot.
There's some people saying that there's this nano technology going on at the nano level, self-assembling nano technology.
Have you seen in your using your high power microscopes any evidence whatsoever, anything?
like that.

[SPEAKER_01]
Now, I've spent a lot of time doing this.
Look, it's a lot of the reason that I got sort of pulled in sort of doing more sort of public demonstration of science was people talking about graphene and them using and again, that this it's not people's fault that they're not versed in the methodologies.
But basically what was happening is you were getting
people with no scientific training or dubious scientific training using often dark field microscopy and saying that there's graphing.
And look, I have slides where I've done those tests.
I've used the correct equipment where you would use Raman spectroscopy.
And I can in the vaccines that I've had where I've I've had
them sealed i've done it live and broken the seal taken out the taken out the vaccine put it on put it into the machine and shown the direct comparison between graphing and what's in the vaccine and I just find those slides.

[SPEAKER_04]
What's your conclusion?
Is it a bunch of bunk or is there something to the self-assembling nanotechnology and graphing and all that stuff?

[SPEAKER_03]
I personally think those are seated into the marketplace to create a lot of smoke screens around people trying to tell you what's really there.
uh they seed the field with a bunch of this other um flat earth stuff so that you can't it becomes difficult for the average person to discern what you're looking at now in the terms of like nano nano is really huge in our environment what kevin's showing here are things in the atto and femto level like orders of magnitude smaller than nanobots nanobots would be like a boulder in our world
They'd stick out like a sore thumb.
You're getting down to atoms of DNA and you're getting into a world that's well below nanometers.
You're getting into angstroms.
We would see them.
I haven't seen them in anything I've looked at.
And I haven't gone specifically looking for them because I haven't found those papers very credible.
But I think Kevin's a little bit more work looking at the graphing side of this thing.
And I have not seen anything that suggests those are there either.

[SPEAKER_01]
Let me show you some slides.
I don't know if I'm still sharing.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, go ahead.
You're still sharing.

[SPEAKER_01]
Or you just share and I'll put it on the screen.

[SPEAKER_04]
I think it's important to debunk, like you say, some of the theories out there that may be erroneous because then it starts to damage the credibility of the work that you two, Kevin's are doing and Greg Harrison and his team, because I think they're standing on you guys are standing on much firmer ground.
You're actually looking at real, you know, real phenomenon is happening.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
So here you can see, when was this?
2021.
So the Quinta Column, 98% to 99% of vaccination violet is graphene oxide.
If you can see that, that's liquid graphene oxide.
It's pitch black, right?
It's stuff.
Hold on.

[SPEAKER_02]
Let me show you.
Can you put that back on the screen there?
I want to show you showing that.
Right.

[SPEAKER_01]
that for just straight off the bat, that doesn't look like your standard vaccine for a whole bag of them here.
And
So what people were seeing or what they were doing was showing these videos taken down a microscope of these cuboid-like crystals and oh my god they're cuboid they must be microchips and robots and often using a technique called darkfield
microscopy so that sounds all scary etc and it's not, it's just a standard light microscopy technique.
Now this is the type of hardware that you need to actually test for graphing.
This is a Raman microscope
It was me, obviously, next to it, with my sister, Tyron Rimo.
And we also did the scanning electron microscopy, looking for these structures.
That's graphene oxide.

[SPEAKER_02]
That's what you just shared with us.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yes.
And so you can look for the molecular signature.
So this is using the Raman spectroscopy, which is the orange microscope that you saw at the beginning.
And graphene oxide has this doublet peak in the sort of 14 to 1500.
Sent me to range and that's that bottle that I just showed you and the data that I got testing it for looking in that frequency range.
I got that double at peak.
Ignore that.
That's me crystallizing out those cuboid structures.
They look a little different here because I've coated them in platinum for use under scanning electron microscopy.
But here's the Vrahman zoomed in on the planar surface of one of those structures.
And also, you know, people say that the other, I'm just looking at different isoforms here that you see with vaccines and graphing.
And when I do the Raman spectroscopy, I don't see a doublet signal.
And for Pfizer, I see a signal in the 3000 centimeter range, which is indicative of PEG and cholesterol.

[SPEAKER_04]
And if things like all.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
And when I looked at Moderna, we see a peak around 1100.
And 1100 around that number is, so this is taken from another paper, but is RNA.
And so what I'm seeing is what the, now look, are there manufacturing issues with these vaccines?
For sure.
Do I think you're going to get some metal contaminant in them?
Yeah, especially considering the way in which they were deployed.
But I've seen nothing to indicate that there's this
synthetic biology going on.
And that's not to say that synthetic biology isn't a concern about and where they're pushing this tech in its overall aims.
But at this point, we have enough data right now through independent laboratories to be able to say, hey, there is a bunch of abnormal phenomenon going on.
be it DNA contamination in the vials, very weird looking clots emerging, clots that are autofluorescing, which is in and of itself very strange, and
We have other data but we can poke around if you want with respect to what I've seen with prion protein and it's the ability of the spike protein to catalyse that reaction.
Basically what Kevin said, it's injected.
You've just watched the edifice of USAID and essentially a infinite number of linked NGO groups, which we know were there trying to police people's speech online.
And these were military grade programs that were designed to control the public.
It's false and speech in this instance.
And if you wanted to deflect from what you were doing and you had a toxic product, then you would put in these nonsense narratives like viruses aren't real.
There's nano machines running around you giving off 5G waves or whatever.
There's a whole litany of them.
Those are distractions you're saying from what we should be focusing on.
Yeah, we have enough.
We have enough right now just to be able to completely break apart these weaponized organizations and bureaucracies that have...
hate point finger at just it being the US but it's US UK NATO countries that sit at the very heart of what went down and there's a long battle ahead with respect to reigning them in right now and we have to be we have to be
supremely confident in the data that we bring forward to say this is where the problem lies and this is and as a consequence of this you cannot be trusted and therefore you need to be broken up and uh what's the famous it's not RFK but JFK right he was going to take the CIA and rip it into a thousand pieces and spread it to the wind

[SPEAKER_04]
I appreciate that Greg Harrison and yourself, both you, Kevin, you're very methodical in your work and you don't come forward with something until you've thoroughly analyzed it and made sure you understand exactly what you're looking at.
So I appreciate the cautiousness with what all you gentlemen and Greg who's not here tonight have done in doing multiple testing and trying to make sure they understand completely how these clots are being formed before you guys come forward with the final theory of it.

[SPEAKER_02]
I have a question for Kevin McKernan.
Now with Bobby today being confirmed, I would personally be fascinated with the conversation or debate with you and Paul off it.
And, you know, you were talking earlier about financial incentives that he has, and then the way he deflects any conversation, assuming that the public is
stupid and not going to understand anything he's talking about.
What are your chances of actually now having a conversation with him or some sort of a debate with

[SPEAKER_03]
I would love that.
In fact, I would be willing to put out a bounty for that.
I'll think about the size of it that would get him to the table.
But if he's not willing to come and defend what he said about this, the public should write him off.
And there's an outstanding offer for him to debate me on that topic at any time on what he has said about circulating DNA and it not getting into the cells and that you can eat DNA.
And that's going to be the same thing as injecting it.
All in that they have that sell this DNA will never get into the nucleus when your cells divide and don't have a nucleus when they divide all of those things.
I want to see him defend publicly.
I don't think he will, but the offers out there.
I'm happy to get on any any debate with him and any of the money that's gathered for that.
Let's give it to the vaccine injured.

[SPEAKER_04]
Amen.
One of the other things I'm doing, Livio, is also to challenge even our own allies, our Republican side, they're having their meeting next week at CPAC at the Gaylord convention center outside of Washington, DC.
I plan on going, as I did last year, Dr. Malone had a conference where a lot of us met.
It was called an international COVID crisis summit.
But this year, I'm going again, I'm going to take this t-shirt with me.
Please renounce the jabs on the front and on the back it says not 100 million saved but 17 million killed.
So, and then I'm also going to parade around with the, the cloths that Richard gave me and show this, you know, as well.
I'm going to confront our GOP leadership there and remind them that this, this is, you know, it's great that RFK got confirmed, but this issue is not over, right?
We need to get these dangerous mRNA jabs off the market.
And we also need to codify into law.
medical freedom, because like you said, we need to have the right to be able to refuse any kind of medical treatment, a vaccine or wearing a mask or whatever it is.

[SPEAKER_01]
But those laws were already there, right?
That's the Helsinki Declaration.
That's what came out of the Nuremberg.
But they've essentially just found ways to weasel around them and basically engage in semantic trickery to get people to comply in this instance.
And I don't know how you
Well, again, all the time that you hold the sword of people's livelihoods over their heads with respect to what they can and can't do with respect to
the company's wishes with respect to medical treatment.
I'm not sure how to unravel that particular Gordian knot, because think how much, again, just the USA edifice coming down, just think how much money was being pumped in and recirculated through these networks and companies that
uh dependent who work with the government but not actually of the government who just um they just went along and complied in that respect just because of the financial threat above them that's all it took and so I'm calling for our uh you know I'm in contact with Dr. Peter McCalla, Dr. Corey, Dr. Ryan Cole, all of our allies on this effort.

[SPEAKER_04]
I have sent an email about we can go out to all of them saying
basically Avengers assemble at the CPAC coming up because we just got to keep this in the face of her, you know, and hope that Bobby Kennedy does the right thing, along with J. Botticharia.
And I think they will.
I hope that they will.
But it doesn't hurt for us to keep the pressure on them and their fellow politicians because other than, you know, Senator Ron Johnson, Rand Paul, just a few others, we don't have a lot of allies that are really on this issue.
Do we, Livio?

[SPEAKER_02]
No, and I'm glad you're saying that because at least now we have a major champion on the inside while we on the outside have to keep the pressure on.
Bobby's going to have to work at his own pace because there's a lot of tentacles that are going to be wrapping around him.
So I think it is important to do the work that all of you are doing, like showing up next week, Thomas and all the science that you guys are doing, because we do have to keep the pressure on and supporting who we have on the inside.

[SPEAKER_03]
So Livio, I've got to chime in here and one, I think a really important point that we've got to think through at this stage is we've got to be very careful not to demand that they need a bigger FDA to solve this problem.
Right.
Like a lot of us saying, hey, warp speed was a huge mistake, Mr. Trump or President Trump.
You need a bigger FDA next time.
I don't actually think that's the right answer.
I think that directionally, warp speed was not a bad idea.
It was poorly implemented.
in that they took the liability off and they let these guys go crazy.
I don't have an objection to reducing the size of the FDA so things like ivermectin could be over the counter.
In fact, a lot of things should be over the counter and let the public sort out which ones are safe and which aren't safe.
We have rideshare apps that tell us which calves are safe and which aren't safe.
We don't need federal medallions anymore to do this.
And the reality is, the public figures out which drugs aren't safe faster than the FDA ever has.
Like we saw this with with cox two inhibitors, we saw this with with limite FDA takes five years to respond after the public's been screaming about things.
They're never going to be the fastest response to this, particularly with the networked environment we have now.
So I just think it's important that as we approach Trump, we don't hit him with warp speed where's your biggest disaster.
It's more that if you're going to do warp speed, you have to put in guardrails that aren't going to centralize the review of this.
We can't have the people who approve this be the people who reject it.
Right like the the FDA is conflicted now because they approve this so they're going to deny they're ever being a harm for five years And there needs to be a separation of the people who look at the review and the people who decide after the fact Whether these things are performing a quarterly into the review they do this in the FAA, right?
They do this with flight like the people who go and look at airplane disasters aren't the people who are approving them, right?
And so I think that there's an important lesson here that I actually want to see faster access to drugs.
And I want to see a lot of the drugs that are deemed illegal right now.
And you can almost throw ivermectin and hydroxychlorophenin in the equation, but it happens with cannabinoids and psilocybin.
A lot of these things they call recreational drugs actually are pharmaceutical competitors.
And they get thrown in that camp with a whole government institution like NIDA that attacks them annually, showing that they're a recreational risk, when in fact they could replace the SSRI market, the pain market, the opioid epidemic, all of these things could be neutralized with a lot of these, what they call recreational drugs.
So I'm a bit nervous about clubbing him over warp speed because I think directionally he was trying to make things go faster and get rid of red tape, but it just was done perhaps with people he shouldn't have trusted.
And there wasn't any peer review on that process and he has the people who approve this and who are vested in the outcome are the ones who are now in charge of deciding whether or not they should be pulled.

[SPEAKER_04]
Let me ask you, Kevin, is there anything at all that's promising about the MNM and mRNA technology going forward?
Or is it something that should be thrown the scrap heap of history?

[SPEAKER_03]
Good question.
Yeah, that's a very good question.
There's a couple of examples of people using
these tools for diseases that are terminal.
And in those situations, the risk reward equation is very different.
So HADR is one disease where they use lipid nanoparticles with microRNAs.
MicroRNAs are like 30 bases long.
They're very easy to synthesize in a pure manner.
And they don't need to use plasmids and a coli and all this crap to make really long RNAs.
And even in those circumstances, when they infuse them, they give the person immunosuppressants beforehand and they infuse them over six hours.
They don't give them a bolus injection, which can create havoc.
And that's a, that's a more severe disease where people are willing to take more risk.
A second example is in the Duncan paper where they were going after a particular rare disease.
They take the bone cell, the bone marrow cells out of the patient, they transfect them with a plasmid and lentil var vector.
that does integrate to the genome is designed to, and they re-infuse those back into the patients, and they do cure the disease in many patients.
These are patients that are going to die by the time they're 20, but it comes with a 10% risk of blood cancer, and the patients are willing to take that risk because 20-year lifespan, 10% chance of cancer, I think most people would sign up for that.
So, you know, do we need any of this for a respiratory virus?
No, no, absolutely not.
It's the wrong approach.
What do you do when it's a respiratory virus that came out of a bioweapons facility?
I don't know.
Not this.
I mean, Ivermectin seemed to do a better job from what I've read.
So there's definitely a misfit for using this for vaccination.
I don't think vaccination through injection is going to deal with respiratory viruses.
It's just the wrong route of administration.

[SPEAKER_04]
Does that apply to RSV or shingles or bird flu?

[SPEAKER_03]
RSV indeed, and flu as well.
You're not going to solve this with it.
You need mucosal immunity.
You're not going to get it through injection.
You have very weak mucosal immunity.
LNPs are not targeted right now.
If they can find a way to target them and keep them in one particular area,
so you can teach your immune system something, maybe there's a role for them.
But these are not diseases that have tremendous risk.
And the risk of these platforms right now is unknown.
And as we're finding, through all the studies you're seeing here, that these unknowns are going to build over time.
I think if these prions, these amyloidic genetic sequences continue to clot over time, we could be having these cardiovascular issues for a decade.
And maybe the cancer risk is there too for a decade.
And they're never going to run a trial for a decade.
So it's a it's a it's a bad fit.
I think for these fairly innocuous respiratory viruses.

[SPEAKER_02]
I want to go back to something you said about these.
alternative medications that should be over the counter, like ivermectin and psilocybin.
I saw a Super Bowl ad that seems to be hijacking the Maha Make America Healthy again.
I don't know if you saw hymns and hers.
I don't have it handy, but they were basically talking about how 75% or 77% of Americans are overweight and obese, and they're talking about all the stuff that we talk about here, but the solution is another pill.
more drugs and so they're they're so powerful that so much money to program the minds of people to think okay just just do it fast
And I'm also worried about mRNA ending up in just about everything as opposed to the new ones you were saying.

[SPEAKER_03]
You've got a scenario now where large pharmaceutical companies now own the ag industry.
So Bayer owns Monsanto.
So they can feed us all the crap that's going to make us fat and sell us pills that will attempt to address it.
And so I think that's a serious conflict that someone like RFK will be sensitive to because he has sued Midsanto in the past.
So I'm hoping he will see through those things and start pointing in people toward therapies that don't require ICD codes or ICD-10 codes.
The issue I think we have in the States is that
They're always prescribing their way out of problems that are addressable with lifestyle.
And many of these drugs that might address things with lifestyle aren't patented and don't have a billable code, like whether it be ivermectin or methylene blue or NAC or cold dipping, all of these tools that should be the place physicians go first are not billable.
Right.
So we've got a system set up where the cheapest generic drugs are always going to get written off and retired.
They're doing this with eliquids, right?
Eliquids is a blockbuster drug and they're doing it only because warfarin is now off patent and there's no money in it.
So they're retiring drugs and replacing them with drugs that are marginally better, only because they can now charge their inner bucks a month on on eloquence.
So this goes back to what Kevin McCarron said earlier is that a lot of this is happening because there are patent royalties that go back to the people who make the policy, right?
We've got NIH who has researchers who are
told that, all right, you're the people who do the foundational research and then patent it and sell it to pharma and then they pump it and then NIH helps write policy and guidelines.
And you'll notice NIH never wrote anything about early treatment.
They only spoke about the vaccine because they had royalty coming to them for this.
That's something they have to dissolve.
They've got to get the royalties out of there and get the NIH focusing on studying these these compounds that are free.
so that we can lower the cost of healthcare and get people working on plant-based medicines or generics that don't come with all these entangled alliances.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, in fact, I can just use Japan as an example, right?
So here, there's one of the highest health indices that you can have with respect to longevity.
And the healthcare system is one where it's far more, how would you say it?
Well, if you want, holistic is the word I'm looking for.
If you want, you can go to an acupuncturist, whatever you think, to traditional Chinese medicine, etc.
And insurance will cover the holistic approach or you've got a pocket?
Yeah, and there's, you know, all manner of walking hyperbaric centers and, you know, chiropractic sort of treatments are covered.
And, you know, if there's a if there's a sort of perceived need and some some record of it being useful, then
so a degree the insurance covers it and you know I guess the proof is in the pudding that you know they Japanese drink and smoke and um the only thing they tend not to be as obese but um the the healthcare system here is I think a good model system that people could be looking at yes you have to pay um it's not free a point of service but
it's certainly it's not doesn't break the bank if you need to go and get a CT scan or an MRI.

[SPEAKER_04]
People lost faith in them too though didn't they Kevin?
I mean they pushed the jabs just as hard over there.

[SPEAKER_01]
Oh yeah look in terms of the
The degree of vaccination that occurred in Japan, the numbers are extraordinary.
It is, I want to say it's the most vaccine country in the world.
Japan is.
Yes.

[SPEAKER_04]
Maybe next to Israel.
I think Israel might be number one followed by Japan.

[SPEAKER_01]
No, no, no.
It's the Asian countries that come out by a long way.
They're obedient to authority.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, it's some of that.
But Americans and other countries aren't.
And I think if you mix the model that Kevin's saying, which is allow more pricing signals into the market, allow more free choice, you'll get better outcomes.
And if you try and centralize and have Fauci just decide what's best for everybody.
And I think that's a message our healthcare industry has lost.
We've gone completely fascist and socialist here where a few white lab coasts decide what everyone should get.
It's a complete departure from personalized medicine.
And there's no pricing signals in the American medical system.
The patient rarely is paying more than their co-pay, which means they don't shop around to look at what's most efficacious per dollar.
And if you put a little bit of that more,
on the patient.
And I know that gets really controversial with people who think the poor out there can't get medicine.
But in your attempt to get medicine to everybody, you have to lower the quality across the board.
And the time delays go out the window.
So the only way to fix this is to bring pricing signals back in so people who can pay will pay more and will
shop around and people who are more cash strapped will perhaps spend a little bit more of their time deciding where to go and what to use.
But without pricing signals, you can't fix something.
You need to know the cost of things right down to the consumer for someone to be able to strategically deploy their money and their time.
And we don't have any price signals in the American system.
So the system is broken.
It will never produce a positive outcome in that environment until the pricing is transparent.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, and getting the advertising off the television would be a great start right off the bat.
I think they can maybe make headway with that.

[SPEAKER_01]
That was such a cultural shock for me when I lived in the US to see pharmaceutical ads on the TV.
I was like, how they're allowed to do that?
That's not right.
But yeah, you do that.
too many perverse incentives exist in the U.S. system as it stands at the moment.
And you have to look at it as a sort of strategic infrastructure, right?
And not one that's there for, well, just the benefit of a few, right?
Those that get to rise to the top.
That's it.

[SPEAKER_05]
Olivia, back on this
the white fibrous clot issue.
Steve was asking about, talking about the living people having it, and we know there's been a vascular surgeon that's talked about it.
Dr. Phillip Triantos put me in contact with a lady by the name of Jamie Wilcox, and she's an amazing lady.
And her son Hunter,
was vaccinated in April of 2001 and died in May of 2003.
Or 2020.
And he was like 25 years old, if I recall.
And she asked, yes, she asked the surgeon that was trying to remove the clot, was it one of these white fibrous clots?
And he said it was.
So he was alive when he had the clot.
The clot somehow broke, something happened.
He ends up dying, I believe, during the surgery itself.
You know, she's been out trying to warn people, hey, you know, if there's something strange going on, you need to get checked out.
We have to try to figure this out.
She's concerned about other people.
And what's really sad is just this last Saturday, I had a young man by the name of Gabriel who contacted me and he went in today for a CT scan with contrast, looking for clots because ever since his Pfizer vaccine back in 2001,
He has had all kinds of health issues and he's been struggling with chest pains and shortness of breath and the feeling like something's on his chest.
But yet all of the tests seem to come back as if there's nothing happening or, you know, his age is, you know, he's too young to have some major heart issue, this, that, and he's kind of been pushed to the side.
And it's sad when I'm talking to this young man who happens to be 24 years old, 24.
And he's being gas lit by a lot of people and he's finally, you know, getting able to get a CT scan.
Will they find something I don't know if they will or not?
But if Dr. Phillip McMillan is correct, and that is if these
proteins are somewhat soluble or not coagulating together or combining together, something happens when these things start to form.
And if it's not detected quickly enough for an intravascular surgeon to get in there for them to see it and remove it, would this be an underlying issue for their health?
I think it's strongly plausible.
The blood test that Tom was talking about earlier, where you just do any simple draw your blood, allow it to settle to see if you get some of this white fiber stuff to form in between the red blood cells and the plasma.
Is that the test that can help people determine whether they're at risk for this?
We need more investigation and study to find out that's the case.
I can tell you as a mortician, it's not just these white fibrous clots that we're seeing.
That's a very big concern of mine.
One of the other ones is, is things like Kevin McCartney has been talking about.
And that is there is a lot of people dying of cancer.
And it's not just that they're dying of cancer.
They're dying of cancer quickly.
Before we can even see signs that they have cancer.
Some people are dying of cancer.
literally we've had them where they died the next day after they're diagnosed or before they can get their first treatment or you know sometimes they may last for weeks or sometimes it's maybe several months but it's definitely quicker not like the cancers that we that I've been used to over my 20 some years of doing this where
Cancer slowly eats away at the body.
People would lose their hair.
They would become emaciated.
You'd see these large tumors.
People are dying of cancers that had I not been told by the funeral director, that's what they said the person died from.
I wouldn't even know they had cancer.
So that's another high concern.
And is all of this stuff, is the stuff that Kevin McCarron, those little fibrils that he's finding in some of these blood, is something going on in the blood that's causing some of these issues
more than just the blood clots.
The other things, the heart issues, the brain fog, the strange cancers that's happening is the blood contaminated, which is one of the reasons why I spoke out.
Something changed in the blood of the deceased that I'm embalming, and it was a major change that started in 2021, shortly after the vaccines rolled out.
And I believe that it's the spike protein is related to this in a big way.
We already know from papers back in August of 21 that spike protein can induce abnormal clotting.
Well, why are we introducing more spike protein through the vaccine?
Why are we making the body create the spike protein?
So we need to get back into studying this stuff.
And the beautiful thing about RFK Junior getting a nominated
to this is that he reached out to me in early 2000 and 2022.
So I know that he knows about this white fibrous clot stuff that I've been seeing.
And I know that he talks to a lot of people that I've talked to.
So I know they're very familiar with it.
He's been kind of quiet about it.
But I'm hoping that he directs some
research into investigating this stuff so that we can help stop the cause of this the best we can and more importantly through the work of these these gentlemen up here like the two kevins we need to find therapeutics to help break this stuff down to save those who might be affected.

[SPEAKER_02]
Thank you for all that, Richard.
In fact, we were planned.
I was going to make this announcement at the end of the show, but you brought up Hunter and we were going to dedicate tonight's show to him and all the others who have suffered from this.
fibrous white clot, white blood clot.
That's what, that's what took him out and so many others and their families.
And so I want to thank you for, for bringing that up when you did.
And also the cancer, I was going to ask, I was in Boston at the back to basics conference and I was watching Kevin McKernan's presentation that he found the spike in
in the, in the cells and yeah, it had just explained everything.
Cause I know so many people personally who've got these turbo cancers and, and I read about it every day now, like so and so just died and cancer got on them really fast.
Uh, so I want to thank all of you for bringing and having such a great conversation tonight.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, if I just as a sort of final word, I would encourage people just to go and look, right?
You've had some key words come up in this discussion today.
I just start Google, such as the AI box, the role of fibrin, fibrin pathology, not only in neurodegenerative disorders, but cancers as well.
Fibrin has a central role in many, many disorders.
And if their programs, research programs and interventions, like basically having gene transfecting en masse the world's population with amyloidogenic peptides goes beyond heinous in my view.
And it's, are you going to get recompense in this
scenario, probably not.
But what you can do is start picking up these valuable data points and learning for yourself so that you can help yourself as if things get even worse than they are at the moment.
And yeah, I just said this.
There's the option there, if you want to have your blood looked at, you can send it to me.
We'll put that back in the chat where we can send.
It's by no means perfect, but if we start layering
The diagnostics on, like Kev said, just start looking for DNA, RNA, spike protein.
That's the next steps to look for spike protein in these sections.
um we'll have a better idea of what they've done and um just the problem is is that because it's been done by people you're just going to have this mass diffusion of responsibility take place and um no one no one is going to well who could they make or take the full Fauci well he's he's at the end anyway all right
It's the programs that are intact and working right now that should be the target.
And one of the metrics should be, what did you say and do during the last five years?
And especially if you were in a position to be able to do this testing,
and didn't step up and speak up.
I think you should be being bumped down the list with respect to access to that government funding, that government cheddar that keeps them rolling along and keeping them quiet.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, I think that's a really important point that that when Fauci walks off into the sunset, whether he gets a rain or not in other jurisdictions, this will repeat itself because the system's designed to do it again.
And we have to we have to tear apart the fabric of that system.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yep.
Yep.
Amen.
Thomas, any final words before before I let you guys go?
You've been so generous with your time tonight.

[SPEAKER_04]
just want to encourage the audience.
They know exactly what's going on.
Everybody that watches this show is wide awake.
But I encourage them to tell their friends and their loved ones.
And don't be afraid to tell them about the problems with the vaccines and the mRNA technology.
And encourage them, you know, because Big Pharma's not stopping.
They've got shots out there now for RSV.
They want to do an mRNA based shot for shingles, bird flu, regular flu.

[SPEAKER_02]
Everything.
Our flu supply.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
So, you know, be brave audience out there and tell your loved ones and your friends, you know, stay away from this technology.
It's bad, bad, do, do.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
Well, this has been a riveting conversation.
And I'm surprised we have still so many numbers of people watching and staying with us for almost three hours.
So it's been quite a marathon.
And gentlemen, thank you for all the work you do.
I consider you all heroes.
for the work you do and sticking your neck out and speaking up.
Thank you.
Thank you for that.

[SPEAKER_05]
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_02]
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_05]
Bye-bye.

[SPEAKER_02]
Bye-bye.
Have a great rest of your evening.
Hang on one more.
A few more minutes.
I've got a special video to play at the end before we get to that.
I do want to say that we are a 501C3, as you all know, nonprofit and hosting
Weekly webinars and producing educational content to providing a platform for truth depends entirely on your generous donations.
We rely on the support of individuals like you, those who believe in exposing the truth and the importance of free speech and medical freedom.
And I'm just going to put up a quick little graphic on the screen while I'm talking.
We rely on your donations.
Every donation directly fuels our mission, helping us continue the fight for our freedoms and for those impacted by vaccine injuries.
And if you believe in the work we're doing, we humbly ask you for your support today and together we can make a real difference.
Thank you for standing with us for and for considering a donation to help sustain our vital work.
I had a graphic that I'm missing right now.
So I'm just going to say a shout out for tonight's donor spotlight and it's P from California and P writes.
Thank you for your diligence.
Steve, thank you for your diligence and persistence in exposing the vaccine issue, particularly with respect to COVID.
Thank you, P, for your unwavering support.
And to everyone in our audience, your voice and generosity are what keep our community strong.
We appreciate you standing with us, and together we are invincible.
Next week, join us next week again.
We'll be diving into global legal victories in the fight for medical freedom.
We're honored to be featuring Dr. William Bay from Australia, who will share details about his historic Supreme Court victory against the Medical Board of Australia.
And HAA, sorry, AHPRA will also explore key legal battles in Canada and discuss what these wins mean for the future of informed consent and bodily autonomy worldwide.
You won't want to miss this powerful and inspiring episode.
And I'm going to close out tonight with a deeply moving and heartbreaking video of vaccine injured Cody Hunter reading Lament of the Vaccine Injured by Margaret Anna Alice or Alice, Margaret Anna Alice.
His words serve as a powerful reminder of the struggles so many continue to face.
And again, we are dedicating this episode to Cody and to Hunter Blatman, who tragically passed away from one of those white, vibrant clots.
We also honor all the vaccine-injured still fighting for their lives, as well as those who bravely fought but are no longer with us.
Your courage, your voices, and your stories will never be forgotten.
And also quick shout out to Amanda, Damien.
Thank you for joining the conversation tonight and sharing your images.
Those are just horrifying and we love you.
We know all the struggle that you've been going through for years.
So hang in there.
Thank you everyone for joining us and we'll see you next week and stay tuned for this powerful video by Cody.
Good night everyone.

[SPEAKER_06]
Lament of a Vax Entered by Margaret Anna Alice.
They told us it was safe.
They told us it was effective.
They told us everyone was doing it.
They told us not getting it was selfish.
They told us it was the only way we could study, work, shop, live.
We listened to them.
Why would they lie to us?
We trusted them.
Why would they hurt us?
So we got it.
In everyday sense, that irrevocable, life-shattering decision has been unrelenting.
Agony and exhaustion, apprehension and regret, uncertainty and dread.
Our lives are now a continuum of questioning, of searching, of testing, of fretting.
They tell us we're faking it.
They tell us we're lying.
They tell us we're imagining it.
They tell us we're anxious.
They tell us we're exaggerating.
They tell us we're grifting.
And once it's undeniable,
When diagnosed, sex, show, heart damage, blood clots, myocarditis, pericarditis, cardiac arrest, hematologic abnormalities, impaired immune functionality, shingles, Bell's palsy, Guillain-Barr syndrome, autoimmune disease, multiple sclerosis,
transverse smileitis, neuropathy, paralysis, multi-organ inflammation, leprosy, strokes, dementia, prion disease, cardiovascular disease, brain damage, tinnitus, turbo cancer, DNA integration,
deep vein thrombosis, post vaccine syndrome, multi-system failure.
Then they tell us we're baffled.
Then they tell us we don't know how to fix it.
Every day we research as if our lives depend on it because we do.
Because only we, and our loved ones, care enough to save us.
For some, we're a statistic, a number, on a spreadsheet.
For others, we don't exist, they don't want us to exist.
They refuse to see us, they refuse to hear us.
They refuse to fuel us, they refuse to help us.
Every minute, we scrape together strength to endure the anguish, to resist the gaslighting.
to seek supplements, to seek out supplements, procedures, practices, anything that will offer relief, anything that will soften the suffering, anything that will delay our terminal diagnosis.
But tell us to shut up.
We tell us not to scare others.
We tell us it's rare.
We tell us it was worth it.
And no one takes responsibility.
Not the NGOs that focused us.
Not the corporations that poisoned us.
Not the governments that coerced us.
Not the agencies that betrayed us.
Nava institutions that mandated us.
Nava flambor paths that targeted us.
Nava ideologs who ridiculed us.
Nava tyrants who scapegoated us.
Nava politicians who maneuvered us.
Nava enforcers who penned us.
Not the psychologists who manipulated us.
Not the propagandists who petrified us.
Not the experts who hoodwinked us.
Not the scientists who headvaked us.
Not the sensors who erased us.
Not the doctors who pushed us.
Not the nurses who needleed us.
Not the pharmacists who stabbed us.
They call us anti-vaxxers, but we got jabbed.
They call us conspiracy theorists, but we believe none.
They call us science deniers, but we trusted it.
And now we're on our own without support, without compensation, without legal recourse.
Some of us have lost our jobs, our insurance, our babies, our lives.
They don't need us anymore.
They don't want us anymore.
They got what they ordered and moved on.
Each twinge of pain is silver in their pockets.
Each desperate scream is Musak in their waiting room.
Each vax aside is another piece of evidence buried
So that's why we have to live.
That's why we have to survive.
That's why we have to fight.
That's why we have to wage justice.
We are living proof of their fraud, of their cruelty, of their tyranny.
Chisel our truth into your hearts.
Tattoo our stories onto your arms.
Photograph our faces with your minds.
Testify to our torment.
Testified of her lies.
Testified her crimes.
See us.
Hear us.
Feel us.
Help us.

[UNKNOWN]
You You
Music.
Thank you.
