[SPEAKER_08]
I was born by the river In a little tent Like the river I've been running Running ever since It's been a long

[SPEAKER_07]
It's been too hard living, but I'm afraid to die.
I don't know what's up there beyond the sky.
It's been a long, long time.

[SPEAKER_08]
change gonna come oh yes it is then i go to my brother and i say brother

[SPEAKER_07]
knocking.

[SPEAKER_08]
She said, I know, I know, I know that a change is gonna come one day.

[SPEAKER_07]
I know a change is gonna come.
Yes, it is.
I know.

[SPEAKER_08]
She said, life can be hard.

[SPEAKER_07]
Oh, yeah.

[SPEAKER_08]
And times can get rough.

[SPEAKER_07]
Still I know, I know a change is gonna come.

[SPEAKER_03]
Tonight on VSRF Live, we welcome Lieutenant Doc Pete Chambers and Dr. Kirk Moore, who both upheld the Hippocratic oath to first do no harm, standing firmly against coercion, censorship, and government overreach at great personal cost.

[SPEAKER_05]
For 10 days, I sat in my trailer and produced a 70 page PowerPoint on informed consent.
As soldiers started coming on the border,
I started giving informed consents.
Nobody was taking the shots, right?
That's just what was happening.
Because I said, you don't have to, there's no reason.
You're healthy, you don't need to do it.
I think out of the 3,000 or some odd people that came on, all the informed consents in groups of 500 at a time, I would give the briefs as they came on.
literally maybe seven or eight people took the shots.

[SPEAKER_00]
Saturday morning, Attorney General Pam Bondi ordered the US Department of Justice to dismiss the charges in the case of Dr. Kirk Moore.

[SPEAKER_04]
Initial reaction was I was just completely stunned, wasn't expecting it.
I didn't know what to say, I didn't know what to do.
I don't think I spoke for a good two and a half minutes.
Well, I just did what was right.
I just did what my patients wanted.
I talked to them about full informed consent.
You can't have informed consent with people when you don't know what you're injecting in them.

[SPEAKER_03]
Good evening and welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm your host, Livio Sanchez.
Thank you for joining us tonight.
We have a powerful show ahead featuring two extraordinary men who put everything on the line to stand for truth, protect their patients, and challenge a system that lost its way.
First up, we have Dr. Pete Chambers, the decorated green beret, former military physician, and whistleblower.
When he saw corruption within the system, he didn't look the other way.
He stood up for medical ethics, for soldiers, for truth, and paid the price.
Now, Doc Chambers is stepping into a new kind of battle.
He's running for governor of Texas.
Doc Chambers knows real change doesn't come from within broken institutions.
It comes from courageous people willing to confront them.
Then we have Dr. Kirk Moore.
a Utah-based physician who refused to compromise his conscience.
He wouldn't inject patients with a government-mandated vaccine he believed was unsafe, and the government came after him hard.
He faced up to 35 years in federal prison, but just days ago, his case was dismissed by Attorney General Pam Bondi.
a major vindication for medical freedom and for the power of standing firm.
These aren't just doctors.
These are warriors, men of principle, conviction, and compassion.
This is not just about COVID anymore.
This is about medical freedom, personal courage, and the raw truth behind what's really going on in America.
It's a call forward to reclaim integrity in medicine, in leadership, and in America.
This conversation is going to be raw, honest, and deeply human.
Now, before we get started, Steve Kirsch was going to join us, and he still may later in the program.
He's been hung up at the airport in Australia trying to get to the ANR conference, and now he's stuck in traffic.
So if he's able to get here, I will bring him on a little later in the program.
But in the meantime, I'm going to get us started here with Doc Pete Chambers.
Doc, welcome to VSRF Live.
Great to have you back.
How are you this evening, sir?

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, I'm happy to be alive and doing well.
It's good to be back.

[SPEAKER_03]
It's great to have you back.
I'm going to read your bio before we get started so that people that don't know you can learn a little bit about you before I start asking you some questions.
Doc Pete Chambers began his military career in 1983.
After an honorable discharge, he completed college and medical school at the University of New England, then served as an emergency room physician, SWAT team doctor, and sheriff's deputy.
After 9-11, he returned to the Army as a Green Beret
completing multiple combat tours as a special operations flight surgeon and officer.
A Purple Heart recipient and disabled combat veteran, his final deployments included serving as liaison to Governor Greg Abbott's COVID Task Force and as task force surgeon for Operation Lone Star.
In 2022, he was pulled from orders
and forced into retirement after refusing to withhold informed consent from service members, a principled stand that cost him his military benefits.
Senator Ron Johnson revealed him as a whistleblower, and he has since testified in the Seals v. Department of Defense case, spoken before state legislatures, and briefed members of Congress.
He is a signatory to the Declaration of Military Accountability,
Today, Dr.
Chambers is not only leading humanitarian relief efforts, boots on the ground in flood ravaged Texas, but also running for governor of Texas to restore leadership rooted in truth, service, and constitutional values.
And it is an honor to be here with you.

[SPEAKER_05]
Great to be here, Livio.
I'm thinking, is that the guy?
I don't know who that guy is.

[SPEAKER_03]
Who is that guy?

[SPEAKER_05]
It just happened so fast.

[SPEAKER_03]
It goes by quick, doesn't it?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, right.

[SPEAKER_03]
I want to start with what's going on on the ground, what you're doing right now before we then go back in time.
What where are you and what are you doing right now down in Texas after these floods that ravaged the.

[SPEAKER_05]
Right.
Right.
So when I left the military, I went into started a ministry first helping ranchers out with just keeping cartel guys off of their ranches.
But really that grew into a ministry.
And we did, we conducted and we still do counter human trafficking and then humanitarian relief.
So that looks like fires in North Texas, hurricanes in North Carolina, and literally an hour and a half from where I live now down here in the river, comfort all the way down to Mystic, Camp Mystic, Hunt, Texas.
That happened on Independence Day.
That morning I was going to go over to a parade and I got called early in the morning and said, we need your help.
Get your team here now.
We did.
And then we took the ground and then started bringing in the civilian response to marry up with what the state then brought in and now the feds.

[SPEAKER_03]
And has the fed responded like FEMA?
I've been seeing different reports from different parts and some say that FEMA did show up in other parts.
It's all civilian.
What do you see on the ground?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, that is the case.
And FEMA did come in.
But understand this, under the Trump administration, I've seen both.
I've been at Harvey, Katrina, Rita, all these hurricanes.
Under the Trump administration, there has been a change.
That came in when we were in North Carolina.
when Cameron Hamilton took over as interim director of FEMA.
He's a SEAL friend of mine, he was interim, so he's done now, but there was a change and he changed it from within and he did a great job.
And so now we're seeing a little different attitude, you know, and they are coming in and doing the right thing.
They haven't gotten in my way this time, which is nice.
You know, they tend to slow things down as anybody in chemistry knows the rate limiting step that was FEMA.
You know, I don't know that we really need them.
Usually we can handle things on our own in Texas, but,
They're here.
We'll let them do their job.

[SPEAKER_03]
Fantastic.
That's great to hear that because we hear so many stories about them not even showing up or waste of resources.
So that's good news.
Now, what are you finding?
It's been about a week and a half, almost two weeks since the initial storm.
What are you finding now as you do the search and rescue?

[SPEAKER_05]
Right.
This is the ugly part of the thing.
This is the recovery part.
You know, the rescue part was day one.
When I got down there, there were people to rescue on the banks, riverine rescues.
But I understand that river came down.
It was a 30 foot crest where I was in the little town of Ingram, Texas, which is by Kerrville, that most people hear about.
And that river bank, that corridor of the Guadalupe River stretches a hundred miles in the area that we're talking about, probably 40 miles of what we're working in right now because it's a river and it has bends and stuff.
So what we saw were, you know, the initial rescues and then a couple of days into it, some helicopter rescues out on the banks and people that were out on foot, they were rescued and now we're in the recovery phase.
So it's been a chore, but it's much easier than Appalachia.
You know, Appalachia is way up there in the mountains.
wide area, no roads to get into places.
This, we have roads by every river, so it was a little easier access, quicker response, and the response has been robust from all over the country.

[SPEAKER_03]
Great.
So you're getting the resources you need from volunteers, from people sending in donations as well, I would imagine.

[SPEAKER_05]
Volunteers are primarily, I would say about
80 to 90% of the response.
The state came in, and it takes them a little while longer.
Local municipalities came in right away, so that was good.
This is just the way the system works, and Texans are always gonna help Texans.
Obviously, you know, they got a little state pride.
I don't know where that comes from, but I do know where it comes from, but quite a history.
But just some great people out here.
I mean, all the states I've seen people come in from, all the way from North Carolina all the way to Oregon, they're out here.
And same thing in North Carolina.

[SPEAKER_03]
Great.
Now, this storm dropped what, up to 30 feet in 45 minutes?
Um, and, and there was some forecast, I understand, but not the severity of this and the storm seemed to have just sort of originated right over that region and state, can you talk about what your thoughts are on what?

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, yeah, I'll give you exactly my thoughts.
You know, sometimes people tiptoe around the things that, uh, you know, they call it fence sitting.
Well, in Texas, you can't sit on a, on a barbed wire fence.
So you're going to, you're going to tell the truth, right?
And so what I saw was 16 hours of storm over us.
It was a little mini hurricane directly over us for the first, and this is a torrential downpour for 16 hours.
So it made it hard for us to rescue.
There was, yeah, there was a storm forecast that there would be a pressure system.
It would be kind of a tropical storm.
But this area is known for flooding.
And this is the 4th of July and people are camped out all along the rivers.
That's why the numbers of people in that probably around 200 plus that have either been found or have not been found yet.
I don't, you know, I don't go exact numbers because I learned from North Carolina.
You can't.
Um, but, but I would say, um, there was some warning, but it wasn't, uh, it wasn't enough and it wasn't early enough.
So that, yeah, I can't cast stones right now.
That stuff is the forensics for later on.
Um, right now,
of my focus and our teams.
I got multiple teams that are not under me, but I'm administratively sending to the right places to where they need to go.
And I've gotten a lot more help because in the beginning it was just four or five different groups and now there's hundreds.
And so it's taken a lot of load off there.
So I'll be able to come off of this probably next week.

[SPEAKER_03]
So you've been in North Carolina and Texas and these storms to me did not seem natural.
I'm just going to say it did not seem natural.

[SPEAKER_05]
I'm going to tell you a story, and this is a hard story to hear.
At Blue Oak RV Park, which is in Ingram, Texas, at the Rivers Bank, there was a family member that came up and said, have you found my sister and my brother-in-law?
This is what they look like.
Of course, we didn't find them.
But we were coming out of the river, and we had found a different person.
There was a name tag attached.
So we were able to find a family member.
Um, the grandpa came down to talk to us afterwards and thank us.
And he, he was, he was mad and he was mad because obviously the, the, the, the elephant in the room is, is this geoengineering, right?
Scary word to say, you don't talk about that stuff.
This is dangerous talk.
Look,
I don't know, right?
I don't know enough about it, but I do know that cloud seeding is done.
I knew that it was done two days before in that area.
There are seven different contracts in the state of Texas that go on to different forms of geoengineering with regard to seeding.
I don't know which company, I don't care which company.
At that time, I'm telling my grandfather, I'll get to the bottom of this, right?
So I posted something and it went 2.2 million views.
And all I said was, I will get to the bottom of this and we'll get to this.
I can't do it now.
You know, we're in the middle of a recovery operation.
But I promised someone, I'm a man of my word, I promised him, and that has come in a flood, if you will, and I don't even mean to use that as a pun, a flood of information that somebody will go into, right?
Not me.
It sparked a debate, if you will, and a healthy debate.
And there are gonna always be those that turn it into a Hegelian dialectic.
Oh, the conspiracy versus this, I don't care, right?
Because I know this, that I know that electromagnetic frequency
and I'm a specialist in it when it comes to weapons of warfare, EMF, microwave, specifically in the form of a next rad or those radars that are on the ground.
If you amplify and you polarize the bonds in water, right, there's a higher volume and there's a higher rate of flow out of rain, period.
Now, if that took place, there's the forensics.
Somebody needs to have a moratorium to stop this stuff before something else happens.
That's where I'm at with it.
Not saying that was what it was, but we got to have a moratorium until we find out, is that the fact?

[SPEAKER_03]
Fantastic.
Well, I'm going to shift on that because when I saw you a few weeks ago at the Truth Movement Thrive in 25 conference, we were chatting right as you came off stage.
You gave a great talk there and you announced that you were running for governor of Texas.
And I wanted to ask you about what led to that and then some of the things you want to do as governor.

[SPEAKER_05]
Right.
And I, as I recalled, is this exactly how I said it?
I said, I am looking into, and that was a soft announce essentially, I am looking into being the senior public servant in the state of Texas.
That's the way I worded it intentionally, because I've been a public servants in 83 under Ronald Reagan, right?
It'll be just a different form.
And if that's the governor, then that's what I will be.
Um, God willing and the Crete don't rise.
And there's another pun.
I don't mean to use that, not with this, but it's an old saying.
Um, but, um,
You know, it's a natural progression of a man of honor, or woman of honor, or a man of God, in my case, I'm a believer, to see injustice, to see oppression, and to do something about it.
I've done it my whole life.
That's the motto of the Green Brace, Deo preso libero, Latin, for too free the oppressed.
And in this case, you know, somebody said, you got a snowball's chance in hell, and I was like, well, you know what, somebody's gotta go out there and bring truth.
And if that's the truth and if that's what happens and that so be it.
So we're going up against a hundred million dollar war chest.
Uh, but we're going, we'll come in it with truth.
Um, and a group of people hit me up, uh, about a month ago and said, would you, would you consider?
I said exactly that this is, this is our chances.
I said, but I'll pray about it.
Think about it.
Talk to people.
And I have, uh, we've done the feasibility studies.
We know it's going to be an uphill battle, but we believe that we're in the run in the end.
I don't know what the outcome's going to be.
But I know this, it's gonna force the function, right?
Sometimes you gotta fight at the heel of the enemy to get them to just back off for enough.
I'm not saying he's the enemy or they're the enemy.
I'm saying the opposite of the truth tellers, right?
Because it's typically optics versus reality world.
And I just happen to live in a world of reality.
So that's like, you know,
longer version because I think only had about 10 minutes over there in West Palm.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
There were a lot of speakers in one day.
So I had to go quick.
Are you running as an independent or one of the party?

[SPEAKER_05]
No, I've been registered Republican.
Yeah, that's what I'm running as.
So it's, you know, I got a, I got a primary and the primary is in March.
And so it gives me 231 days to victory instead of November.
Cause then I go against whoever independent and, and the Democrat.

[SPEAKER_03]
And what kind of support are you getting down there?

[SPEAKER_05]
Overwhelming.

[SPEAKER_03]
That's great news.
Well, I, this makes me wish I was a resident in Texas so I can vote for you in the, in the primary.

[SPEAKER_05]
Let's say it's overwhelming grassroots.

[SPEAKER_03]
I wish you all the best.
And I have confidence that you're going to make some noise and actually surprise people.
Um, let's shift gears.
We met way back before the COVID litigation conference and you told your story about informed consent in the military and we played a little clip of you telling that story.
But what I didn't know until just backstage is that you actually received the vaccine before that.

[SPEAKER_05]
Can you, and obviously I remember it well.
Um, I came back from a mission in Africa.
I was informed that I was going to be on the COVID staff.
I was informed that you're going to be taking a position on the border.
Eventually all providers will take the shot.
So we were the first ones that took it before bears, before really anything big on the news, before the defense medical epidemiology database, all those things.
And so, you know, as a military guy, I should have done a little more homework on it, but I look back now, right?
I look back and think, okay,
You know, it made it so that when the generals were trying to figure out what to do with me as a anti-vaxxer, they literally shut up when a general stood up for me, a colonel, and said, hey, he's taking the shot.
And they just went, meh.
Like, meh, what are we going to do now?
What kind of angle can we pull?
And all they just did was fire me because I told the general that it was unlawful to give me that order because it is in the regulations.
There's such a thing as a Hippocratic oath.
and I have data here on the board to suggest, sir, that if I give these soldiers on the border, we had about 3,000 at the time, we ended up with six to 10,000 on the border.
I did all the informed consensus, they came onto the border, 500 people in a room at a time.
So when he came in and said, you gotta quit sending the BACS teams home back to Austin, five hours back north, you gotta give shots, gotta get them to take it, the numbers looked bad, and he said just exactly this, and I'm gonna try to mimic him and his
Texas General Style.
He said, Chambers, you need to get with the program.
It ain't about the science.
It's about the policy.
You with me, Doc?
And I said, oh, sir.
I said, now that's where we differ.
Let me show you the stats.
And I showed him the information, my informed consent brief, 70-some odd pages, up to 90 pages when I got off the border.
And he literally said, you're putting a career on the line.
And I had to say, sir, I already expect that he liked me.
We got along.
I was a lieutenant colonel.
He's a two-star general.
I said, um, I've taken rounds, you know, shot at me or been wounded in combat being with my soldiers.
I'm not worried about a career.
Um, this is, this is going to hurt a lot of people.
Cause at that point I knew that there was something wrong with me.
I didn't know what.
Um, but I saw young people come in and I'm 60 years old and that was a couple of years when I was 20, 22.
Um, but I saw young people coming online that were taking it.
They had already taken it before they got to the border.
myocarditis, pericarditis, combinations of that, stroke-like symptoms, demyelination, all the things, the 1,295 side effects that are in, I didn't see them all, but some of them were right there on that list that Pfizer tried to hide for 75 years.

[SPEAKER_03]
And were the soldiers recognizing that it was the vaccine when this?

[SPEAKER_05]
Not at the time, not the time.
They've just, you know, when we got a 27 year old in the cardiology center in McAllen, Texas, uh, you know, he's just recognizing he's got a major league problem.
But when I went in there, you know, I'm not going to tell them, Oh, I think it's a shot, but I did to the command there in line.
The problem lies.
The problem chain of command in the military works like this.
I go to the next hire.
If they don't listen to me, I go to the next hire.
Um, nobody listened.
Nobody wanted to talk about it.
It's not a, it's kind of sensitive doc.
You're a bit out there.
You know, that's, I heard that you're a bit out there.
And I said, well, yeah, I mean, it's not, it's, it's, this isn't right.
I've done medicine since 2003 as a doc.
Right.
And so, uh, I didn't see this kind of thing with the healthiest people in the world.
It's dropping like flies.
No, not right.
And so, um, yeah, I got fired and, uh, then I went on Alex Jones.
So this, yeah, that's the way it happens.
Um, I got, I got out of the military, but before that it was, uh, I think, uh, we did it.
We did the seals versus DOD March of 2022 with Matt state, but Liberty council that was in Tampa, Florida.
I was pretty sick at that time and I wasn't sure what it was.
It was losing weight.
It was a little ashen.
Teresa long was there with us.
She reported or testified as well.
Uh, this is a federal court case, Tampa, Florida.
uh, seals and some marines who wanted to religious waiver and we were going to their defense, right?
So I'm the, I'm a, I'm witness number one and I get in the stand and, uh, DOJ attorneys rest their little hearts.
They just, they just don't know any better.
Um, they tried all they could to, to say, you know, you're not an expert witness.
I said, I never said that I'm a fact witness.
I got the largest deployment of us forces on the, on the border of Texas, Mexico since 1812.
And I'm seeing the numbers and here's my numbers.
Well, you didn't, you didn't put that in the, in the, you know, evidentiary findings.
I said, I don't have to, they're in my head, right?
I'm going to tell you what they are.
And then they tried to overrule it and all this back and forth shenanigans.
You know, I felt like a man of honor on the stand.
You can't handle the truth.
I almost said it too.
I literally almost said it.
I was like, the judge is going to get mad at me.
So I'm going to be quick.
So, uh, I had my dog with me, you know, they let him come in and working dog military and, uh,
So we get up there, we get all that stuff added into the database, right?
Or into the court proceedings.
And so that was the first time that the DMED data, Defense Medical Epidemiology Database data was entered into a federal court case, which was a win for us.
And we proved three things.
It wasn't safe, it wasn't effective, and we could do it by lesser intrusive means.
When they asked us, what do you mean by lesser intrusive means?
I said, preventative medicine.
Like I've been all around the world.
I've used ivermectin, hydroxychloric,
All kinds of things you don't have to give people mRNA vaccines for.
Oh, okay.
We don't hear from this guy anymore.
No further questions, Your Honor.
And, you know, that's what happened there.

[SPEAKER_03]
And you received every single vaccine that's mandated.
You said like 39 vaccines.

[SPEAKER_05]
It's ridiculous.
It's ridiculous.
Yeah.
know, front and back of yellow card, things that you Ross River flu.
Okay, who's ever heard of that?
Right?
Not me until I went to Ross River, Australia to train.
They said, you got to take the Ross River flu vaccine.
I'm like, okay, you know, I'm a soldier Roger that nobody died.
anthrax.
Now that one was a bad one.
And now there was a big fight with that.
You can ask, you know, a lot of the previous generation of military and docs and me too.
That was a bad one.
But but therein lies the problem is we trust
our leaders, right?
We trust them, that they have our best interests at heart.

[SPEAKER_03]
When you say the antitrust was a bad one, do you mean the adverse effects from the antitrust?

[SPEAKER_05]
Adverse effects, right.
Oh, yeah, that was a fight for a long time.
And that took a long time to get where there could be a waiver.
That's not the first time.
The COVID one is not the first time that this has happened.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right.
You're describing precedent now that there was actually other vaccines that cause adverse effects and then you can get a waiver from them.

[SPEAKER_05]
Absolutely.
And even this one, because it remained an emergency use authorization all along, while Army Regulation 40-562, Chapter 8, Paragraph 4 through 6 says, if it's an EUA, must do informed consent and the service member has the right to decline it.
All right, so that's in all branches of the military.
They did not adhere to their own policy.
And then remember when Pete Hexteth came out and said, oh, by the way, now he's a sec death.
He says, hey, that wasn't unlawful order.
What did that do?
That vindicated all of us that were whistleblowers.
It vindicated Mark Bashaw, Lieutenant type who was court-martialed over it, Trace along who took a beating, Sam Sigloff and who do we have?
Oh, and me, by the way.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_05]
But mine wasn't that bad, right?
Because they took some pay and allowances.
I finally got it back.
It took me fighting for that about three months ago.
It finally came back.

[SPEAKER_03]
Oh, you got it back.

[SPEAKER_05]
It was two years before I got that pay.

[SPEAKER_03]
Oh, that's good to hear.
You were working on the border.
Were you dealing with the immigrants that were coming over the border back during 2022, 2023?
Were they getting vaccinated?

[SPEAKER_05]
Not a single one.
No, and I left in 2022, October, I got out, but I continued on at the border, obviously in the counter human trafficking world.
And so yeah, I did stay, but yeah, no, at the height of operation Longstar, there were 12,500 people coming across a week, 1250 miles of Texas border, most of them in the Rio Grande Valley and Eagle Pass and Del Rio.
So we were seeing it.
I've seen 17,000 show up in a 24 hour period.
And that's,
Nobody was being checked for that.
I had other issues I was thinking about, like TB and things like that.
But good preventative medicine, you can tiptoe through that minefield any day.
Used Betadine swabs.
There was an article that came up.
Peter McCullough, he called me and said, hey, you need some help down there.
Here's an article.
Read this.
Boom.
And I was already doing it.
But I was reaching out to all those people that were out there, early ones, Lee Merritt, Cole,
So I called them and said, hey, I need some help, bro.
Check it out.
I stopped bleeding on the battlefield.
I'm not an immunologist, but I need some help.
And they came to our aid with all the dispatch.
And so that's really how that worked.
And it wasn't from the Defense Medical Epidemiology Database, which is supposed to be the warning shot, like a flare, to say, hey, you're seeing too much of this.
Neurologic events alone, 1,100% rise, 11x.
over the timeframe of 24 August 2021, till the time the mandate was pulled.
Okay, so that's not normal, right?
We don't have a sick population in the military.
That's what we saw.
You can look at all the demand ads out there.
It's on my website.
You can look at it there.
I've got it posted.
I'll hide it.

[SPEAKER_03]
What astounds me is that you were fired while all these immigrants were coming over, not getting vaccinated.
They were just allowed in and they can go about their business, no problem.
Yet you, a hero, decorated hero, was let go.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, here's the funny part.
Someday this is going to be a sitcom, right?
Because it's just like the weirdos just took over.
So the guy that came to replace me, he's a Colonel, 06 Colonel, he came down, he was an epidemiologist.
And he said, uh, you're getting fired because you didn't do your job.
So, uh, I'm taking over and, uh, I'm a graduate of this and that Ivy league school or college graduate.
I'm up for general.
So he went to general, I got booted, right?
So those guys get promoted.
He gave everybody shots when I left.
Not all of them, but many.

[SPEAKER_03]
He's a complier.
That's what, that's why he got it.
He, he just did what he's told.

[SPEAKER_05]
Weak.

[SPEAKER_03]
Very weak.

[UNKNOWN]
Yep.

[SPEAKER_03]
So around that same time, there was another doctor in Utah who was trying to help his patients.
And I wanna bring him on because he's got a fascinating story.
I think a lot of us are hearing about it.
I'm gonna introduce Dr. Kirk Moore.
Dr. Moore, welcome to VSRF Live.
It's an honor to have you here this evening.
How are you, sir?

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, hi, Libio.

[SPEAKER_03]
Good to see you again.
And along with Dr. Pete Chambers, I don't know if you guys have met in person or even on any sort of virtual call before.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, I know all about Kirk and I respect him, yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, hey, same here, Pete.
Well, let me read your bio, Dr. Moore, just in case our audience doesn't know too much about you, but let's get them up to date.
Dr. Kirk Moore is a respected Utah physician, former Navy flight surgeon, and father of four who risked everything to uphold his medical oath.
At 59 years old, he faced up to 35 years in prison, not for harming patients, but for honoring the principle of do no harm.
With informed parental consent, Dr. Moore administered saline instead of COVID-19 vaccines to patients, children and adults who were under threat of job loss, denied education, military service, or even life-saving transplants.
He provided care at no charge, made house calls during the pandemic, and stood firm for medical freedom when few others would.
For this, he was relentlessly prosecuted, jailed for 22 days, and stripped of hospital privileges and board certification.
Yet, he never wavered.
The federal case against him was fraught with jurisdictional flaws and suppressed evidence, but on July 12, 2025, just five days into the trial,
Attorney General Pam Bondi dismissed all charges recognizing the injustice.
She credited Representative Marjorie Taylor Greene and Senator Mike Lee for helping bring the truth to light.
Dr. Moore's stand was never about defiance.
It was about duty, ethics, and informed consent.
And he did the right thing.
Dr. Moore, you were here in April of 2023.
Hard to believe that was over two years ago.
And you were just like,
confident that you did the right thing.
In fact, we were worried the staff here at VSRF after that you might've incriminated yourself on our show because you were just like, there's nothing wrong with I did.
Let's go back, take us back to when COVID came out and the JAB started being mandated, what you saw on the ground and what you were being asked by your patients to do.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, I, um, I started treating people.
I, you know, I was here earlier.
I heard some, uh, you know, some of doc's comments.
I started treating people in 2020 for COVID.
So, um, I just, I was continuing to do that.
Um, um, uh, vaccine skeptic, uh, when I was running my clinic in the Navy, I never gave any flu shots.
I would just kind of let people slide on it.
Um, and, uh, when I, you know, when I hear that, um,
When I heard that 8.3 million people needed to get a shot in the arm in order for the world to get back to normal, it just didn't compute to me.
So there were treatments for it, just like Doc said earlier, ivermectin, hydroxychloroquine.
I mean, Anthony Fauci wrote an article, I think in 2008,
five or 2007 or something, espousing all the benefits of hydroxychloroquine in the treatment of SARS.
We've seen this over and over again, reversing decisions just for the narrative.
When I saw this all come out.
I wasn't planning on really doing anything until families were coming to me panicked.
My I was panicked I have two kids not for.
And you know my son was going into.
Boy, eighth grade, I think.
So he was still in middle school.
They were going to require him to wear a mask again.
They were going to keep the middle school students because some were 12 or under 12 and couldn't be vaccinated.
Some were over 12.
And, you know, we're going to be vaccinated.
They're going to require the ones 12 and over to be vaccinated.
And the other ones had to wear a mask.
And I just, you know, didn't make, and so families were just panicked and they didn't want this kids going off to college.
My daughter's leaving to go to Arizona State.
They were going to require her to be vaccinated.
So I just said, okay, signed up to come a vaccine clinic and started giving COVID shots to kids with their parents consent.

[SPEAKER_03]
Fascinating.
And so did they come, how did they find you?
Are these, were these parents who were just concerned the same way you were and how did they find you and know that you could help them actually make a choice?

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, the first thing was it was just friends and family, current patients of mine that knew what my stance was.
Then it expanded.
Well, and some of those obviously were people that I had treated for COVID who knew what my stance was from that.
I mean, when I was,
When we were shut down, I never stopped.
Just like Doc was saying earlier, I'm not an internist or family practice or immunologist, but I know how to read and I know how to listen to people's articles and I watch videos.
And Vladimir Zelenko was a hero of mine at the time and everything that he published and talked about.
Peter McCullough up here, Corey, Paul Merrick, all these guys out there.
putting out their protocols.
And so I was just treating people and those same people that I treated were then coming back to me going, hey doc, what about this vaccine?
And part of the concept of me treating them was knowing that basically whatever the government was telling us, I was gonna do the opposite.
And so those are the people coming to me.
We had a group me thread from my neighborhood and I'm a single dad raising my two kids.
And so I'm probably one of
five guys and a group of 900 and some odd women you know in the neighborhood thread and so they started posting things about
COVID and where to get your shots and everything else.
And I totally blew up the room by posting an article that was like the 12 reasons not get a COVID shot that I had found online.
And it blew up the room and I just said, okay, for everybody who wants to go here and everybody can go there.
Everybody else that wants to think about going with Dr. Moore, then you go, but I'm out.
And it was like two thirds of the room just departed and they kind of left me in charge of this room.
I was just like, I don't know what, I don't want to be admin on this thing.
I don't know what I'm doing.
I don't have the time to do it.
So that's when I joined forces with Chris Anderson, who ended up being my other neighbor.
And I just said, hey, Chris, you got to help me.
I don't want to be this.
How about I just send everybody over to your group?
And I don't remember the name of her group.
It was like Patriots, you know, Patriot neighborhood or something like that.
And so all of those people were finding me.
They knew what I stood for and knew what it was.
And so they were sending themselves, you know, they would come themselves or they would send their friends and family.
You know, I never advertised it.
I never put it out there on the internet, but I just, you know, I just felt like I needed to help people.

[SPEAKER_03]
Fascinating story.
Doc mentioned that he was seeing vaccine injuries and he went through all of the different adverse effects.
What were you seeing in your community from people that actually chose to get the jab?

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, we had some pretty high profile people that live around me.
And the first one that I remember was Breanne Dressen.
And I think it was in December of 21 that she was at the, she was in Senator Johnson's round table, I think the first one that they did.
And she was talking about, you know, what it was.
And I just, I looked at her and I said, she looks like she's from Utah.
I don't know what it is.
I'm not from Utah, but she just looked like she was from Utah.
And then I was in the process of also trying to change the laws here
And so I was going into Capitol Hill and testifying, trying to get laws changed so that our Salt Lake City Council, or sorry, Salt Lake Medical couldn't make people wear masks and just on an edict.
And so we managed to change that.
We also made a change later in the year of 2022 where, you know,
if a school or a company was gonna require you to be vaccinated in order to get into school or have a job, they also had to allow you to get a waiver and they had to give you all three waivers options.
Before that, it wasn't part of it and it was a statutory $100,000 fine.
So I was going into City Hall or Capitol and going into those committee hearings and testifying to try to get those things passed.
And at one of those meetings, Breanne was there
I happened to be up in the expansion room or in the, you know, there's so many people there and some of these hearings that, you know, I was in one of the overflow rooms scheduled to testify, but just hadn't gotten to my turn yet.
And I saw Brianne there and she testified.
I ran downstairs to try to catch her and she'd already left.
But I eventually ended up meeting her just through local people and friends.
Chris Anderson, my other co-defendant, has had neighbors.
Her neighbor across the street was a 52-year-old guy that died of a heart attack two days after his COVID shot.
So she was just, you know, she was much more connected in the neighborhood than I was, but we were just seeing him all over the place.
A high school kid,
college or had signed a college.
He was a junior at the time.
He had signed a college commitment letter for basketball.
I think it was right out of Draper High School.
Romney is his last name.
So related in some capacity to MIT.
But he got a COVID shot and completely debilitated him.
And then his dad as well, I believe, ended up with myocarditis.
So we were seeing it, some high profile, not so high profile.
Some people realized it, some people didn't.
But yeah, it was just, it was crazy, absolutely crazy.

[SPEAKER_03]
And when did you first hear from the government that you were in trouble?
What was the first sign that you got?
Uh-oh, they're coming after me.

[SPEAKER_04]
January 11th of 2023, they showed up with, I don't know, 11 agents.
Their guns weren't drawn, not like some of the other ones that you see, but 11 agents showed up in my office to serve two search warrants, one on me and one on my office manager for our phones.

[SPEAKER_03]
11 agents.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
They were lined up.
I'm on the second floor and I have a glass wall and they were all lined up, you know, on the staircase, you know, going out.
I'm sure there are people out the back door just in case they thought that I was going to make a run for it.

[SPEAKER_03]
And how many staff members did you have?
Were they all there too?

[SPEAKER_04]
Or four or five.
Maybe.
I don't know.

[SPEAKER_03]
And did they take you to jail right away?
What happened?

[SPEAKER_04]
No.
I mean, interesting story.
If you go back and look at it, I actually never got served.
I never got papers, never got anything.
I just, I found out through the news that the indictment had been unsealed about a week later because I got an email from reputation.com website and said, Hey, if you need help repairing your reputation.
And then they printed an article and I think it was from heavy.com or something.
There was an article about us having been indicted.
And, uh,
Uh, and then I, you know, I went to court and found out actually in that same news article that our arraignment was scheduled for January 26, which was, you know, nine days later or something.
So it was crazy.
We never got papers.
We never got served.
We never got, you know, nothing.
Um, so it was just, uh, it was kind of a cluster though, right from the get go.

[SPEAKER_03]
And you're finding out, along with the rest of the general public, what's going on in your case, basically.
That's astounding.
And so 35 years was what you were facing.

[SPEAKER_04]
right off 15.
And then they they did a super so so they had to so we got we got busted because a lady who was totally anti vax went into our HR department with one of my COVID cards that she'd come to my office with.
And their HR department said there's no way that this is valid.
We got to find out where it came from because this lady here just said that she'd rather die than get the COVID shot.
So then they saw it looked at my stamp that said PSI on it for plastic surgery Institute they call the Utah Health Department.
and the Utah Health Department called the FBI.
That was the beginning of it.
At some point, I think it was in April or May, we had an agent that came in, undercover agent that got a COVID card from us.
She then referred her husband to come in, so they had two agents that had gotten COVID cards from us.
Subsequent to that, about a year later, we find out that one of those two agents, the guy got busted for selling bath salts.
So they had to pull out everything out of the indictment that he was going to testify to because he was now in jail.
But in the process, what they had done was,
They got a deal with my office manager who said that I destroyed or told her to get rid of the COVID vaccine after the indictment.
So they said that I had tampered with evidence and destroyed government property.
So that added up to another 20 years in jail.
So the superseding indictment continued with the fraud conspiracy to commit fraud counterfeiting.
And then they added that destruction of government property, which added, you know, which made the maximum up to 35 years.

[SPEAKER_03]
That is incredible.
I'm dumbfounded.
Personally, obviously, I don't find it a crime.
And I know plenty of young people who made their own vax cards back in the day, like a lot of them.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, and continued with their schooling and their and their work and well the same the same prosecutor that was the lead prosecutor in my case prosecuted a case here against two guys one guy in New York one guy in Utah for selling
fake vaccine cards.
These guys were making cards, going to Kinko's, printing them out, selling them on eBay at 10 bucks a piece.
They sold over 140,000 of them.
They made $1.4 million.
That guy got a plea deal for a year in jail and a $40,000 fine.

[SPEAKER_03]
I don't know if I'm more astounded by that or that Kinko's was still open.

[SPEAKER_04]
It may not have been Kinko's.
It's just that I'm old.
So, you know, Kinko's was open when my brain was still working.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
So you believe they were trying to make an example out of you because you're a doctor at this?
Oh, there's no doubt.

[SPEAKER_04]
No doubt.

[SPEAKER_03]
And did you have a hard time finding defense?
Did you have a hard time finding lawyers at the time that would actually defend you?

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, it was I don't know that I had a hard time finding them.
I had probably a hard time finding somebody that we really messed with.
And it's a very politically charged case.
I don't know why it shouldn't be.
I mean, medicine should not be in any capacity, political.
And, you know, the prosecutors were throwing all this stuff at me that this was political, that all I was doing was trying to take a political stance, you know, and everything else.
But, you know, I never checked a blue or red card when people were coming in my door.
I just wanted to know why they were there, you know, and why are you here?
And most of these people had done their own research.
They already knew what they wanted.
And so all I was doing was just confirming it and, you know, and having a conversation with the ones that needed it and, you know, everything else.
And just, you know, again,
Form consent first do no harm, right?
So I was convinced that by this time, I was absolutely convinced that, you know, what Vladimir Zelenko first said, I think was the first person to call it a bio weapon.
You know, Michael Heaton followed up with that, you know, a few months later.
And, you know, Paul Alexander is all over the place now with this thing being a bio weapon.
So I was convinced at this point that this just was not a good shot, that it was not something that should be given to kids, not something that should be given to anybody.
And that's my goal right now is to get these things taken off the schedule.

[SPEAKER_03]
And like Doc Chambers, you were in the military.
So I'm assuming you've got a lot of vaccines in you as well from your time serving.

[SPEAKER_04]
Oh, no, I avoided them all.

[SPEAKER_03]
You did.
You were able to avoid them all.

[SPEAKER_04]
I did.
I didn't get any in the Navy.
None.
So, I mean, I just happened to be sick on flu day or, you know, whatever.
It's just kind of like, I got the shingles from a hepatitis B vaccine in 1989 when I started medical school.
And I vowed at that point to never get another vaccine.
And the only one I've had is a yellow fever shot in 2011 in order to go on a humanitarian trip to Ghana.

[SPEAKER_03]
Wow, that's amazing that you were able to avoid those.
Doc, how hard is that to avoid getting a vaccine while you're in the military?
Are you talking to me or are you talking to Pete?
I was going to ask Pete his thoughts and then ask you as well.

[SPEAKER_05]
I'll tell you with a guy like me, you could avoid them completely because I'd just be like Kirk was saying.
I just look at my guys and go, you're good to go.

[SPEAKER_03]
Just get out.
Right.
So were you able to practice Dr. Moore for the two plus years that you were dealing with this and what happened to your practice?
How did you
like defend yourself and work and provide for yourself during this trial?

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, I mean, this is part of my argument all along is the federal government has no, they have no licensing.
I don't have a federal license to practice medicine.
So it's a state license.
The state didn't have any issues with me.
They hadn't filed any charges.
So no, the, you know, the state board here and or the, I mean, the state medical board here didn't have anything to say against it.
There were no state charges.
Um, so I was able to continue.
Um, my volume went way down.
I probably lost two thirds of my overall volume just because I've got this, you know, big cloud hanging over me and all this stress and it takes a lot out of you, you know, mentally and physical physically that, you know, just the, um, the mental bandwidth.
I just, I couldn't concentrate on the things that I used to concentrate on.
I used to be very active in my own marketing campaigns and.
doing all the stuff and having weekly meetings with my staff to try to figure out, okay, what do we need to do this week, next week, next month, you know, putting together, you know, plans for, you know, upcoming holidays, all those kinds of things.
I just I didn't have the bandwidth to do that anymore.
And with two out of my three other co-defendants being my office manager and another employee, it was really hard because it was a struggle.
We had obviously talking about it every day and just trying to figure out how to just keep going forward.
So I managed to keep my business open.
I probably spent three quarters of a million dollars or a little more than that on my legal defense.
Um, so it completely wiped me out.
I sold off all my assets and everything else was getting ready to sell my car, sell my house.
Um, and, uh, you know, I managed to turn things around last Saturday.

[SPEAKER_03]
Astounding.
now you've got uh... whole lot of support once the trial was about to start i mean i i i was following your case all along we were following here at the srf and but the the amount of support that i saw that people flew from all over the country to be there with you by your side what was that like for you

[SPEAKER_04]
Oh, it brought tears to my eyes.
I started crying.
The Utah Speaker of the House came out and spoke at our rally on Monday.
He's been a big supporter of ours.
Carrie Anne Lizembe, some of the other state representatives were here.
Some of the local radio celebrities were here.
A guy by the name of Ed Zoll from the movie Died Suddenly showed up.
I was on his show a week before that, and he and Matt just kind of took a real personal interest in this.
And Ed was here all week that week, and he was interviewing the witnesses as they were coming out of court and writing all this stuff down, writes that article on Wednesday.
We have another rally on Friday with Shannon Joy.
They came in.
I mean, it was huge.
And that article went viral.
My son's two speeches that he gave, you know, bring tears to my eyes and tears to everybody's eyes.
As a matter of fact, the last couple of podcasts that I've been on, both people started their podcast with my son's speech.
And I just, I can't listen to him talk and compliment me the way he did and not have tears in my eyes and start crying.
kind of started off, you know, kind of wiping my eyes trying to, you know, continue to talk.
Yeah, you know, we had a good week.
The trial, we had two days of jury selection.
The prosecutors accused us of jury tampering by having these rallies out there.
The judge shot him down.
My attorneys went crazy and said, you know, look, you can't accuse anyone.
He was the one that reposted that.
And the judge just looked at him and said, hey, they have a First Amendment right to be there.
Do you have any evidence that they actually did any jury tampering and everything?
I mean, it was just, the whole thing was really nasty.
And, you know, so anyway, we had jury selection.
They presented their case Wednesday, Thursday, Friday.
We thought we had had a really good week and kind of just punching a bunch of holes through their stories.
And they couldn't tell, I mean, they couldn't present evidence to show how much they'd spent on the COVID vaccine because the DOD contract was not, the government wouldn't let them present the contract.
So they tried to use a redacted contract.
My attorney said, you can't do that.
The judge said, no, you can't do that.
So the only thing they could do is they could bring the head of Bardo over here, Chris Disbrow, and he goes, yeah, it was more than a dollar per dose, but no evidence, no contract, no nothing.
And he just talked.
And, you know, the CDC, not the White House, COVID director, a guy by the name of Chris Dugger, who was, you know, one of the casualties of the Trump administration, you know, take your eight months or you're going to get fired.
So he leaves in April and he calls us the enemy while he's up there testifying.
So I just, you know, we had a really good week and Friday afternoon, we get done with court and we're sitting there talking and I'm just kind of like, I'm like, I'm talking to my attorneys.
I'm talking to my friends.
Hey, we had a really good week.
What am I missing here?
Because I'm just kind of like, they haven't
You know they haven't presented their case they haven't you know they they haven't proved their case i mean my attorneys were talking about we might not even have to put on a defense we're going to go for a directed verdict you know all this stuff and uh and i'm just sitting here going well what am i missing because you always have that pit in the bottom of your stomach i've never been through a trial before so i don't know but i've been through you know
Episodes like are since you know things like this where you just kind of like okay I think I know what's going on here, but what am I missing and so I spent all night Friday night I was up to 1 o'clock in the morning got up again at 4 and I'm just kind of going through all this stuff in my head I'm writing things down and then 830 in the morning.
I'm sitting out on the deck on my house and I
phone rings and it's my attorney and she says, who are you with?
And I said, I'm with my mom.
She says, put it on speaker.
And I said, oh no, so what kind of trouble am I in?
And instead she says, Kirk, I just got off the phone with the three prosecutors and they're dropping your case.
In two hours, Pam Bondi is gonna have, you know, she's gonna have a press, they said press conference at the time, but you know, probably just an announcement.
She ended up doing it through Twitter or X.
And yeah, so, I mean, in a matter of, I mean, shit, you know, I went from five days of trial to 12 hours after the trial was over, 14 hours after the trial ends, anticipating more prosecution witnesses to, you know, like having a huge celebration, you know, 100 people at my house on Saturday afternoon.
So it was crazy.
It's still surreal.

[SPEAKER_03]
That might be one of the greatest stories I've heard of all time.

[SPEAKER_04]
If you research this, this has never happened that I've seen in a federal case.
There's been times where they drop charges or they change their indictment or they take some charges off or whatever, but never
that I've found where the federal government has stopped the prosecution in the middle of their presentation without having rested their case.
And so it's unprecedented.

[SPEAKER_03]
Is there any chance of you recovering your expenses or would you go after them for all the distress that you were put under?

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, part of one of the things that they require, I guess there's something called the Hyde Amendment, and you sign off your right to sue them for attorney's fees.
My attorneys recommended that I do it.
I had a lot of other people like, Kirk, don't sign anything like that.
You know, they've already said they're going to do this, so they're not going to back out.
And I don't know.
I think my attorney signed it.
I guess there's a way to go after them for tort.
You know, you can go after them on different things.
But that takes forever.
I don't know if you know who Jeff Childers is.

[SPEAKER_03]
Oh, yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
Jeff Childers did.
If you watched Coffee and COVID, you know, and you've seen him, I've followed him since, I don't know, not day one, but very closely here the last few years.
I met him in, I believe it was February 23.
We talked about stuff and he referred a couple of attorneys.
But he did a multiplier on me on Monday.
And that got, my account went, my GiveSendGo account went from about 140 grand to almost 500,000.
That's great.
In like the last three days.
So I'm about halfway back.
On legal expenses, you know, like I said, you know, my business lost two thirds of its volume.
So that, you know, I had to recover from that too.
But I, you know, we will, we'll get there.
So, you know, shout out to Jeff.
I, you know, I left him a message on, you know, as on there.
I think I have an email from back in 23.
I'll send him an email once I figure out how much exactly it was that it generated.
But he hadn't done a multiplier in a long time.
So it really worked out.
He had a lot of pent up anger in his 188,000 subscribers.
And they just kind of like, they went to town on me.
Thank you very much.
Praise the Lord.
So it's really helping out.

[SPEAKER_03]
Shout out to Jeff.
We love Jeff.
He's been on the show a few times.
And yeah, what a that's fantastic.

[SPEAKER_04]
And now he's a fantastic guy.
He's a tremendous writer.
And he's got an unbelievable sense of humor.
It's just, it's crazy.

[SPEAKER_03]
And are you getting calls from colleagues who may have doubted or questioned you any anyone saying, Hey, you were right.
Are you getting any sort of fellow physicians out there that are acknowledging your victory and
Not a one.

[SPEAKER_04]
Not a one.
The calls I'm getting are from the docs that are already behind me.
People like Pete.
You know, Teresa Long was the first person to call me.
You know, Aton Haim out of Texas called me.
You know, Mary's been a huge supporter of mine.
You know, so I've gotten a lot of calls from within this community, but nothing from outside of it.
And I'll tell you, that's two things.
One is, how did you feel when all of this was going on?
You feel really alone.
And I'm not depressed, I wasn't suicidal, but you feel really alone.
I'm like, I'm sitting here and I'm treating people for a viral illness, okay?
It's not my job.
Now, I'm a doctor first and a plastic surgeon second, so I can learn this stuff, and I did.
And I tell you, um, I don't know about you, Pete, but, um, giving somebody BID dosing of 160 milligrams of sodium edryl tighten my sphincter.
Okay.
Um, and I was just like, Oh my God, what are these people going to do?
What am I going to do if they have a problem or a complication?
You know, and, and I never had anything.
I.
Don't get me wrong, I'm not saying.
And I never had any patient die on me.
I never had anybody go to the hospital.
I took two people out of the hospital and saved their lives, a neurologist here in town.
And then the husband of my nurse was a local cop here in Salt Lake City.
The neurologist was already admitted and his office manager went in there and took him out AMA.
I met him at his house, started an IV on him.
And then my nurse started an IV on her husband.
I went up there and they instructed her on what to do that guy there.
So his name is Chris.
He
in 48 hours after we started treating him, he was cleaned in the kitchen in his house.
And the same thing, you know, with that neurologist friend of mine, you know, three, four days later, he's a little bit older, so it took him a little bit longer to recover, but, you know, never had any complications, never had any issues.
So, and then the second thing is, so you feel really alone.
And then at the other end of the spectrum, you're sitting here just kind of going, why,
I have a passion for what I do, and I really enjoy taking care of patients, and I really enjoy kind of changing people's lives.
I mean, it sounds so pretentious, you know, saving their lives, but I really enjoyed making a difference for them.
But now I'm just like, where are we going?
We have a medical community that is just so corrupted and the docs just go home after injecting kids and pregnant women and people with a clot shot, a bioweapon, and can manage to go to sleep at night.
And I don't understand how they do that.
So anyway, that's my soapbox.

[SPEAKER_03]
I love it.
Before I move on to Q&A, there's already some questions I want to remind everyone.
If you do have questions for Dr. Pete Dock Chambers or Dr. Kirk Moore, put them in the chat all caps and I'll try to get to as many as possible.
But before I go to those, Pete, do you have any additional questions for Dr. Kirk Moore that I might have missed and vice versa?
Dr. Moore, do you have any questions for Pete that you might want to, have always wanted to ask him?

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, I'll go first.
Pete, I don't know that I have any questions.
I just want to commend you and congratulate you.
I've watched you in East Palestine.
I just, you know, your investigation going there and kind of exposing all this stuff, the stuff that you've done at the border or the stuff that you just did down there with the floods and everything else, I just,
I got lack of a better word.
I'm really proud of you, man.
I just, uh, you know, thanks for, you know, thanks for kind of just looking out for humanity, I guess.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
Well, you know, it's labor love and, and, you know, Americans in this case, we're in Texas, Texans are worth it.
I mean, everybody's worth that sacrifice.
Sometimes you don't get that pat on the back and it's not why we do it.
Uh, just like you, you know, you were a flight surgeon.
Did you get to fly any fast movers?

[SPEAKER_04]
So I was in the training squadron, and so I flew T2s and A4s.

[SPEAKER_05]
That's so cool.
Yeah.
I got to pull a stick on a rotary, so here's how this works.
Trees get smaller.
Trees get bigger.
Trees get smaller.

[SPEAKER_04]
That's about it.
I soloed.
I was the last flight surgeon in the Navy flight surgery program to solo on a T-34.
So I flew upside down over Pensacola Beach on my last flight.
Oh, man.
I'm jelly.

[SPEAKER_05]
I'm jelly.
Well, that was my question really was, what did you fly?
But I respect what you did.
Look,
In the absence of leadership, leaders lead, right?
That's what we do.
You learn that in the military, but that's what we do.
We don't quit.
And so it doesn't end.
And when you see something is wrong, just like I said in the beginning, it's incumbent upon us to stand in the gap.
That's why we're physicians.
We care about people, number one.
I started out as a soldier first, so I was a soldier who became a doctor.
I'm just a little rough around the edges with the bedside manner stuff.
With people that are hurting, I'm never rough around the edges.
They deserve our care and comfort.

[SPEAKER_04]
But where is that humanity and compassion in the rest of our community right now?
I mean, you have that pediatrician down there in Texas that I think either lost her license or something because she said any of the kids that were there deserve to die.

[SPEAKER_05]
Mary Talley.

[SPEAKER_04]
No, no, no, no, there was a pediatrician that was down there complaining and on TV complaining that the kids, the kids that had died that were MAGA supporters deserve to die.
Oh, yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
The one who said that's not her.
No, no, no, no, no.

[SPEAKER_04]
Mary's Mary's like Mary's one of us and get me wrong.
I'm just saying.
So that's a pediatrician.
There's a
general surgeon in Minnesota or something that, you know, he said he reveled in watching people, you know, that were not vaccinated in the hospital.
He reveled in there and watching them, you know, die or, you know, or tortured or whatever.
and there's a cardiac surgeon or cardiologist at Cleveland Clinic who said the same thing that, you know, he just he couldn't find it.
He couldn't find it in him to treat, you know, unvaccinated patients that were coming in with heart attacks.
I just where do you where do you get that level of, you know, humanity to drop to that such a low level humanity?
I don't get it.

[SPEAKER_05]
This is a moral bankruptcy across our nation and many folks like that.
It's
Whether you believe in God or whether you don't, there's a moral bankruptcy.

[SPEAKER_03]
The name of the physician that you were talking about, the pediatrician, is Dr. Christina Probst.
I want to get her name right.
That's the one.

[SPEAKER_04]
Let's make her famous.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, for being a stain on humanity.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, a stain on humanity and a stain on our profession.
It's crazy.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, no doubt.
Okay, well, I'm gonna get to some audience questions for you.
We did have Steve for a brief moment during this conversation and then he had to go again.
So I was hoping to get him on for a couple of questions as well.
But let me start with the first one for Doc Chambers.
Doc, you've been on the ground in the flood ravaged areas of Texas.
Can you paint a picture of what you're seeing there and what kind of support these communities still need, which you did already early on, but maybe what do the communities still need down there?

[SPEAKER_05]
Right, so what I do is I'm running now the 40,000 foot view, if you will.
And so I'm putting out situation reports pretty much once a day now.
In the beginning, it was four times a day looking for needs.
So what we really need right now is just support for the teams that are out there.
Each individual unit, if you will, or civilian teams, they have their give, send, go, or they have something like that.
Right now, the main team for me that I'm dealing with, while I'm still dressed in this kind of clothes, is it's muddy and it's nasty, is the Heroes for Humanity.
Look at their site, Heroes for Humanity.
These are the best of the best, the best operators in the world, and I know them.
We've worked together, and they are combat divers, hardhat divers.
They got the hardest job right now.
And so just guys like that, we got to support them.
I got my ministry.
We got the initial push.
People helped us.
So now I want to give it to them.
Heroesforhumanity.org.
Help them out because they're right now, they're in the box.
And, you know, we've got a few more hours of light here.
We've got other people running it.
They're pulling, they're doing the bad, the hard jobs.
I mean, it's recovery, body recovery.

[SPEAKER_03]
And Jana, just put that link in the chat if you want to click on that and show some support for Heroes for Humanity.

[SPEAKER_05]
They're good folks and they're rotating out.
I'll be rotating out.
We get tired, but you just got to do it tired.

[SPEAKER_03]
Another question for you, Pete.
You recently announced you're running for governor in Texas.
What inspired that decision and what kind of leadership do you believe Texas needs right now?

[SPEAKER_05]
Right.
Well, you know, I've bowed off of campaigning, so I'm going to keep this just real general because I'm working on this thing and I don't want the two to mix.
I'm not seeking that, you know, that fame that way.
But I would say that the leadership that we need is not status quo, right?
Whatever's been there for a long time, it's time to go.
I'm a term limit believer.
I've seen it.
I've worked in a lot of congressmen I briefed in the hill I've been in the speaker's office in DC many times.
I realized that professional politicians are not the answer.
Right.
It's just the common folks like you got to have some intelligence, obviously, you got it, you got to be able, but you don't have to be the smartest guy in the room with everything you got to you got to have that staff that can do it.
The reason I did it was because I was asked to just look into it.
It was a group of folks on a Sunday and Monday, Pentecost, actually, and said, we want you to consider running it.
And I prayed about it.
And it came, and it came in the form of many other people coming in and asking me, would you do this?
We need you.
I've been a leader my whole life.
And as a soldier, that doesn't equate necessarily to that.
It did for Eisenhower and three other presidents that were pretty good.
That was the decision making process and we've been through the feasibility studies and now we're in the, as soon as I'm off this mission on the river, we'll be 110% till the end.

[SPEAKER_03]
Fantastic.
Dr. Moore, this case was high profile and deeply personal.
What do you want the public to know about what really happened and why it matters?

[SPEAKER_04]
What do I want the public to know about what really happened?
Well, what really happened is that they just tried to railroad me into a fraud statute.
There were no laws that were passed.
I didn't break any laws.
I may have broken some ethical barriers maybe in response to the fraud of the whole COVID program.
But I just think the message is,
Stand on your principles, do your homework and be willing to do whatever you can to protect yourself and your family from having it take you down.

[SPEAKER_03]
Question from Lisa Q for you as well.
was your case dismissed with prejudice so you can't be prosecuted for the named crimes again and what about other crimes not named and how to avoid future action against you

[SPEAKER_04]
With prejudice so they can't come after me be double jeopardy.
I guess they could try to find something else under a different statute and try to come after me.
I think there would be an argument there for if it's the same crime and they just put it under a different statute or something that there would be double jeopardy attached to that too, but I don't know the legalities of that.

[SPEAKER_03]
question from lily three one seven for doctor more what's the status of the cases against the other defendants involved

[SPEAKER_04]
Uh, well, there were only two of us that managed to go to trial.
So the other two, um, took a plea.
Um, so the case against Chris and I was Chris and myself and, um, and my business.
So those are dismissed.
Um, the plea deal stand.
So the two people that took a plea deal are the ones that ended up getting, you know, getting a stain on their record.

[SPEAKER_03]
Hmm.
That's unfortunate.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
Uh, Tricia Weeks asks both doctors more in chambers.
Are you able to have your licenses reinstated?
I'm not sure if they ever took them away.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
Mine was never taken away.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
My, I had one state that I maintained.
The other one would not allow me to reapply.
And so it was, uh, uh, the state of Texas, unfortunately.
So when we, uh, when we, uh, decentralized medicine, Texas will fix that problem.

[SPEAKER_03]
Excellent.
Well, gentlemen, it's been an honor and a pleasure to have you and host you both and thank you for coming on tonight.
Uh, incredible stories, both of you heroes and, um, any final thoughts or words before, uh, I let you go off with the rest of your evenings.
Um,

[SPEAKER_04]
Just do what's right, stand by your principles and be willing to fight for them.
I think we need to push back if we'd have had 10% of the area or less of the medical community, whether it be doctors, nurses, other providers push back against this, this never would have happened.

[SPEAKER_03]
No doubt.

[SPEAKER_05]
Good word.
Yeah, from my side, hey, listen, there's a constitution and it comes with sovereignty and this sovereignty is from your creator.
right?
And that's to each individual.
So life, liberty, pursuit of happiness or pursuit of property, as some of them say, that sovereignty, you can walk in and you don't need a piece of paper to walk in it, right?
We just stay legal, moral and ethical, lawful.
And you truly walk in that American character that is a frontier spirit.
You don't need a piece of paper to tell you that you can be free.

[SPEAKER_03]
Fantastic words.
Pete, we're going to catch up with you after your mission down there during your campaign trail and keep you updated on how it's going and we will show our support in every way possible even though we are a non-profit and can't support but personally
I stand for you as governor of Texas.
And Dr. Moore, I'm just so happy and thrilled and relieved for you and looking forward to seeing you again and what you do next now that this is behind you.

[SPEAKER_04]
And I appreciate that.
I mean, things changed.
So Saturday, I get my case dropped.
And yesterday at noon, I'm meeting in person with the attorney general in the office, shaking her hand, giving her a hug and thanking her.
So your fortunes change just literally overnight.

[SPEAKER_03]
It's been a crazy ride.
Fantastic.
Congratulations to you.
And thank you again, both for being on tonight.
Really appreciate it.
And we'll see you again soon.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thanks for having us.

[SPEAKER_03]
Thank you.
Wow, powerful episode.
Uh, just what incredible heroes, brave men, both of them in incredible stories.
As we wrap up tonight, I want to thank you for being part of VSRF live.
And our mission is to bring important stories like these and studies and voices to light stories that often get ignored or silenced elsewhere.
But none of this is possible without your support.
So as I usually do, I'm going to show our link to.
The vac safety org slash donate or you can text vsrf to five three dash five five five There's a dash between the five three and the five five five or you can just use the QR code to Show your support if you're able willing and able to do so
Everything we do is by generous support from donors like you out there.
Also, Steve was going to be with us.
He did join fairly briefly.
He is out in Australia for a summit and I want to play a link because you can live stream it and now it's for free and it's happening this weekend.
Let me play a little
teaser for this conference that he is or this event that he is at in Australia.
Here it comes.

[UNKNOWN]
you

[SPEAKER_03]
As I mentioned, Steve Kirsch is now on the ground in Australia and will be speaking at the A&R Free Speech Summit this weekend, which is an international gathering of leading voices for truth, science, and health freedom.
And the event takes place on the Gold Coast, July 19th through the 20th.
If you're in the area, get your tickets now.
Janet will put the link in the chat.
And I believe it is totally free whether you want to go online or go in person.
So get your tickets and attend the event.
Next week, we're excited to welcome back Dr. Raphael Letaster.
For an eye-opening conversation with Steve, together they'll dissect and debunk one of the most influential COVID vaccine studies to date, Watson et al., which claimed the vaccines saved millions.
Dr. Latasser brings a sharp analytical lens to shred the flaws in this widely cited paper and expose the shaky foundations of the public health narrative built around it.
You won't want to miss next week's episode.
I'll also be back co-hosting with Steve.
And tonight, I want to sign off with a clip from this week's US Senate permanent subcommittee on investigations hearing voices of the vaccine injured.
As Dr. Brian Hooker said bluntly, you can't just look at one vaccine and one component and then wave your pixie dust and say they're safe.
That is just not a fact.
And that is not how science works.
want to thank senator ron johnson and even senator bloomenthal for making space for these fire vital voices and i've clipped out a video here for tonight all three senator ron johnson brian hooker and actually bloomenthal showing actually a little bit of compassionate giving us a little hope that he might be trying to address some of the
things he saw during that hearing.
So thank you for joining with us, being with us tonight, and we look forward to having you next week again on another episode of VSRF Live.
Enjoy this closing video and have a great rest of your evening and a great weekend.
Good night.

[SPEAKER_06]
Dr. Hooker, you've probably done as much if not more research into this area as anybody.
Can you just comment on anything you've heard?
Again, I don't want to make this contentious.
I mean, you've all suffered horrible loss and tragedy.
But this is a discussion.
This is a debate.
These are truths we have to seek out.
So Dr. Hooker, I'm just going to let you comment on things that may have struck you that you want to comment on.

[SPEAKER_01]
You know, we've heard over and over and over again industry canards and things that are cringeworthy to me as a parent and as a scientist.
The preponderance of evidence around vaccines and autism basically in the United States consists of two studies that were done by a flawed and fraudulent CDC, one on thimerosal-containing vaccines
and one on the MMR vaccine.
Clearly, in the MMR study, when you look at the table, it shows a statistically significant effect of the MMR when given on time.
67% more boys getting the vaccine on time get autism diagnosis than those that merely wait until three years of age.
Now, I had a whistleblower come forward to me to tell this information, Dr. William Tonson, in 2013 and 2014.
We also know that the Verstraten study in 2003 is also flawed, fraught with errors, and fraudulent, accusing them of directly cherry-picking information from the vaccine safety data link because of issues with clinics.
Now, there is a hole in the science around vaccines and autism that you can drive a Mack truck through.
You can't just look at one vaccine and one component and then wave your pixie dust and say they're safe.
That is just not a fact and that is just not how science works.

[SPEAKER_06]
Dr. Urquhart, you mentioned Bill Thompson.
He was featured in the first movie Vaxxed.
Can you tell the story about that particular MMR study that I think identified a link between
autism and MMR in black young men, right?
That is correct.
Tell about the story about the CDC officials that gathered with their data and was a shredder.
Tell about the story of them coming together and destroying the evidence, but Dr. Thompson did not do so.

[SPEAKER_01]
Dr. Thompson did not do so.
Tell the story, though.
I will, yes.
The CDC scientist who was the lead scientist, lead epidemiologist on this MMR study was Dr. William Thompson.
He came forward to me in 2013 through a series of phone calls and we were in close contact for 10 months.
What happened was he found the African-American effect that African-Americans were over 200% more likely and African-American males over 300% more likely to get an autism diagnosis if they got the MMR vaccine on time versus if they received the vaccine after three years of age.
And when they got that evidence, when they got that information, they were told directly by the supervisors on the study, the same supervisors who were the co-authors of the Agent Orange.

[SPEAKER_06]
Go ahead and name names.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yes, Dr. Colleen Boyle and Dr. Frank DiStefano.
They were ordered directly to destroy evidence and destroy federal records in violation of the Federal Records Act as amended.
in September of 2002.
That information was destroyed.
Dr. Thompson shared that information with me directly.
I repeated the analysis, did the exact same analysis, and I got the exact same result.
African American males, when they get the MMR on time, are three and a half times more likely to get an autism diagnosis than if you wait simply until after three years.

[SPEAKER_06]
And again, I think the important part of this story is not only that, but the fact that you had federal health agency officials destroy evidence of that fact.
They gathered everybody in office, right, and they literally all brought the evidence and they destroyed it together, except for Dr. Thompson.
He kept the evidence, correct?

[SPEAKER_01]
That is correct.

[SPEAKER_02]
We have an obligation to be constructive and understand and respect the
losses that have occurred here.
There's nothing antagonistic about the emotion that I feel, and I respect not just the losses, but the urgings for reform that have come from
are witnesses and probably others in the audience who have suffered those losses.
I'm a lawyer, prosecutor for most of my life.
Destruction of documents is absolutely abhorrent.
It should be investigated and pursued, condemned if there has been destruction of any documents.
I think we can all agree on that point.
We have a system.
And it dates from, I think around 40 or 50 years ago, the National Vaccine Injury Compensation Program.
Dr. Hooker, I think you made reference to it.
It provides legal immunity, a shield for manufacturers.
Now, I am extremely suspicious
as a lawyer of immunity that is granted in any blanket way across the board to any manufacturer or to anyone, whether it is, well, any industry.
And I would be interested to know whether others among our witnesses here today have sought to pursue claims under that program.
I understand you did, Dr. Hooker, correct?
That is correct, Senator.
For some 16 years.
16 years, that's correct.
And you got no relief?

[SPEAKER_01]
We had absolutely no relief whatsoever.
Neither were we allowed oral arguments.
So maybe we ought to look at this system.

[SPEAKER_02]
You know, I am not suggesting what should be done about it.
I don't know whether you have legislation, Mr. Chairman, on this program.

[SPEAKER_06]
We're still in the exploratory phase here.

[SPEAKER_02]
OK.
So, you know, I'm again, I'm a lawyer, I'm very result oriented and I am
heartbroken to hear these stories.
It makes me want to do something.
So I'm not promising anything, so you might want to hold your applause.

[SPEAKER_06]
How about we bad pharmaceutical ads on TV?
I'll co-sponsor that bill.

[SPEAKER_02]
I've advocated it and you have a co-sponsor.
Remember that I'm the state attorney general who helped to lead the lawsuit against big tobacco.
When that industry denied that smoking caused cancer,
or any other disease.
In fact, some tobacco manufacturers actually advertised that it was good for you to smoke.
And they knew at the time, talk about destruction of records, that tobacco addiction, nicotine addiction, and smoking caused cancer.
They knew it from their own experiments, they hit it, and then they actually destroyed records.
And that is one of the reasons why we won
that set of lawsuits when people said no one could ever win, that in effect, they were immune.
I don't really think any industry should be immune from legal responsibility.
