[SPEAKER_01]
We've got counterfeit boys dating counterfeit girls Making counterfeit love in a counterfeit world Counterfeit news for the actual fools Who believe and obey all the counterfeit rules Who's got the power?
Who's got control?
Who's talking truth?
Who's saying nobody knows?
Who's in the shadows?
Who cuts the deal?
See me of this field in this counterfeit world It's a counterfeit world Counterfeit eats growing counterfeit food
Counterfeit need taste and counterfeit good.
Counterfeit drugs in our actual blood.
We don't know what it means.
We don't know what it does.
Who's got the power?
Who's got control?
Who's talking truth?
Does anybody know?
Who's in the shadows?
Who cuts the deals?
Who wracks the script?
Is any of it real in this counterfeit?
Let's take control We got counterfeit gods for our counterfeit thing Counterfeit fear for the counterfeit slaves Counterfeit cash being on actual crap It's a genuine steal when it don't actually last
Who's talking truth?
Does anybody know?
Who's in the shadows?
Who cuts the deals?
Who wraps the script?
Is any other feeling as counterfeit world?
It's a counterfeit world.

[SPEAKER_05]
Tonight on VSRF Live, we welcome former CDC director Dr. Robert Redfield, who has stepped forward with increasingly urgent concerns about mRNA COVID-19 vaccines and now publicly supports a full recall of the mRNA products, citing safety signals that emerged early and were never adequately addressed.

[SPEAKER_00]
I happen to believe that vaccines are one of the most important gifts of science to modern medicine.
That said, they also have a downside and we have to always evaluate the benefit versus the potential risk with the vaccines.
So I really think there was a lot of overreach in mandating this vaccine for the broader population.
Now you couple that with open transparency about any side effects or vaccine injury that may have associated with it.
But there really was very little transparency in the Biden administration about the negative potential consequences.
Right now, I practice clinical medicine still two half days a week, largely long COVID.
And the other part of my practice is vaccine injury from the COVID vaccines.
And those vaccines injuries are very real.

[SPEAKER_05]
Hello and welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm your host, Livio Sanchez.
Thank you so much for being here this evening.
Tonight, we're thrilled to welcome former CDC Director, Dr. Robert Redfield.
Dr. Redfield served on the White House Coronavirus Task Force and on the Board of Operation Warp Speed
and his current views have helped ignite a national discussion about vaccine safety, transparency, and oversight.
Dr. Redfield now joins the ever-growing list of physicians, scientists, and government officials calling for the COVID-19 mRNA injections to be pulled off the market.
He has provided detailed insight into issues that shape the pandemic response, including early scientific disagreements inside federal agencies, internal pressures around policy,
and concerns about high risk viral research and the need for stronger transparency and oversight.
And we're going to hear all about that this evening.
But first, I want to remind everybody that this is the season of giving.
It is not too late to get your end of year donations in.
So if you're able to, I'm going to share my screen here in one second and give you where you can donate, as most of you know, but here it is again.
You can donate now and help support VSRF so we can continue our conversations and continue helping the vaccine injured into the new year.
Your support truly makes this work possible.
And again, you can donate text to V or text VSRF.
to 53555 or visit vaxsafety.org, vax slash donate.
That's text VSRF to 53555 or visit vaxsafety.org to donate.
And again, thank you for those that do and have.
And now I'd like to bring on the founder of the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation, Steve Kirsch.
Steve, welcome back to VSRF Live.
How are you this evening?
Oh, you're muted, Steve.

[SPEAKER_03]
I'm a little sore.
I have an injection in this eye, and you can see it's dilated, so I'm not on drugs.
Only one eye is dilated.
And so it's a little bit hard to keep open, so you might see it close.

[SPEAKER_04]
Other than that, I'm good.
I'm very excited about today's episode.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, me too.
I think we all are.
It's a real honor to have Dr. Redfield joining us.
And why don't we get to it?
He just joined us.
So I'm going to bring him on.
Hang on.
Hit the wrong button again.
Hello, Dr. Robert Redfield.
Welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you doing this evening?

[SPEAKER_00]
Good.
Thank you very much.
Thanks for having me.

[SPEAKER_03]
I'm going to read your bio.
Can you rotate your camera?
Are you on an iPhone?

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, I can go on a computer, but right now I want an iPhone.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, if you can just rotate it 90 degrees, that would be perfect.
Turn it landscape.
landscape will give us a much better shot.
Awesome.
Oh, we're cooking now.
I should be a film director.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, you can do that in your next iteration, Steve.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
All right.
Good.

[SPEAKER_05]
I'm going to read the bio while Dr. Redfield gets his camera fully set.
And Dr. Redfield is a virologist and former director of the US Centers for Disease Control
and prevention and administrator of the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry from 2018 to 2021.
He later served as senior public health advisor to Governor Larry Hogan in the state of Maryland from 2021 to 2023, and he is currently a senior visiting fellow for biosecurity and public health policy at the Heritage Foundation.
His public health leadership also includes serving on the U.S. President's Advisory Council on HIV AIDS from 2005 to 2009, where he chaired the International Subcommittee from 2006 to 2009, as well as advisory roles
with the NIH Office of AIDS Research, the NIH Fogarty International Center, and the FDA Anti-Ineffective Agents Advisory Committee.
A co-founder of the Institute of Human Virology at the University of Maryland School of Medicine, Dr. Redfield has more than 35 years of experience
in antiviral drug and vaccine development and is widely known for his clinical research in HIV and other viral diseases.
He was recently appointed distinguished adjunct professor of medicine at Georgetown University.
Dr. Redfield also served at the U.S. Army Medical Corps from 1977 to 1996 as a physician and infectious disease researcher retiring at the rank of colonel.
His career reflects decades of work in global health, virology, and public health policy.
He is also the author of the new book, Redfields Warning.
What I learned, but couldn't tell you, might save your life.
Again, thank you for joining us, Dr. Redfield.
And I just want to remind our audience that we will be having a live Q&A after the interview with Steve.
If you have questions for Dr. Robert Redfield or Steve Kersh, please put them in the chat all caps.
OK, take it away, Steve.

[SPEAKER_03]
Thanks, Livio.
And thank you, Dr. Redfield, for being here today with us.
And I got to tell you, you told me about your book yesterday.
I read it last night.
I really enjoyed reading your book.
It was very insightful.
And as I was reading it, I tried to put myself into your shoes.
And all of the decisions that you had to make and all of the constraints that you were under, people don't appreciate what you went through.
I thought the book was just extremely well done.
You showed your personal experiences.
And it was inspiring and insightful.
So thank you.

[SPEAKER_00]
I appreciate you took the time to read it.
That's really what I want to do.
I want people to read it because I think it's a useful book.
No, it is.
I wanted to be a useful book.
I have 14 grandchildren.
I wanted to be a useful book five to ten years from now, not just, you know, this year that we read it.
And I think it really is.
If you really get into the book, I think it has a lot of useful information that will stand the test of time.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, I mean, I consider myself to be pretty well informed about this area, and I learned so much from reading your book, and I encourage everyone to go on Amazon and buy it.
I bought the Kindle version, and it was just really, really well done.
Very insightful.
So I'm going to use the book to prompt me for some of these questions and get some further insights for things that you didn't cover in the book, some of the timely things.
So let's just jump into it.
One of the quotes on the book is that the days of believing authorities, because they're an authoritative position or over,
And the most surprising lesson learned from the COVID pandemic is how little we have learned from the COVID pandemic.
So my first question is, what is the advice that you would give to Congress and to the next CDC director?
And have any of them reached out to you to get your advice?
Has anyone in Congress reached out to you or any of the current acting directors of the CDC reached out to you for advice?
So what advice would you give them if they reached out?

[SPEAKER_00]
Well, first, thank you.
The quote that you read, if I remember correctly, is like the last paragraph of the book to really remind people.
You know, I've tried to help Secretary Kennedy, who I have a lot of respect for.
I've said this publicly before, people jump on me for it, but I do believe he'll be the most consequential health secretary we ever had.
And part of the reason, and it goes back to your second question about the advice, you know, the advice is you really have to stay away from group think.
You have to be an independent thinker.
You know, the problem we've gotten into, as you know really well, is all too often it's decided in this space that you have to be a member of the group think.
And if you're not a member of the group think, then you somehow are pushed to the side.
We have a big challenge for us right now.
And that is that we have to somehow figure out how to restore public trust.
in our public health agencies, CDC being one of them.
You can't have effective public health if you don't have public trust.
Obviously, the other big point that I try to make in my book on Redfield's warning is that I am very concerned that our nation is not prepared properly for the next pandemic.
I do believe that biosecurity is one of our major national security threats.
I thought COVID would wake people up to it a little, and I consider the COVID pandemic, I call it a minor pandemic.
The major pandemic is on the horizon, and we need to get adequately prepared for that.
So the second advice I would give is to take serious about your responsibility to protect the public.
And to protect the public from these health issues, one of them is to make sure that we're prepared to have a proactive response to the public health threats that are coming.

[SPEAKER_03]
So has anyone reached out to you, has anyone in Congress reached out to you or has any of the acting or appointed CDC directors, have they ever reached out to you and asked you, you know, hey, I'm doing the job, what advice would you give me and what were your insights and so forth?

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, I mean, they have and for several reasons.
One is when CDC, you know, again, I'm an advocate for Secretary Kennedy.
And I've told Secretary Kennedy, and I've met with him many times, you know, that I want to help him succeed in helping make America healthy again.
I mean, it really is tragic how unhealthy the American population is.
I used to try to, when I talked to President Trump,
When I was CDC director, he didn't understand why so many people died in America, 1.2 million people.
And you and I've talked a little bit about it.
But when you had other countries like Taiwan, very few people died.
And I had to explain to the president one of the reasons is this COVID virus can exploit our underlying health condition and we're not a healthy nation.
So, you know, but I had convinced my chief of staff, Nina Wartowski, I said, you know, I have a love for CDC and they need help, which she considered going back and she became one of their senior leaders.
And so I got the opportunity to try to influence.
I did make recommendations about some people that I thought they should bring on board.
When Walden was up for nomination, I met with him to try to help him figure out what he wanted to do.
I did the same with Susan and I suspect I'll do the same with the next nominee, which I think is going to be announced very shortly.
I meet with Kennedy frequently.
I interact with Jim O'Neill, who's the acting head of CDC.
So they have reached out and said, you know, what do you think?
And not necessarily going to say, Steve, they agree with what I think, but I do respect them for the fact that they took the time to call me and say, hey, I'm wrestling with this issue.
What do you think?

[SPEAKER_03]
That's awesome.

[SPEAKER_00]
So they have done that.
I actually think I've had more influence as an outsider than I would have ever had as an insider.

[SPEAKER_03]
That's amazing.
Did Susan reach out to you at all?
Yes.
In your book, I thought it was fascinating, the decision making.
I thought it was great when you pushed back on your boss and you said, look, I'm the CDC director.
This is my purview here.
And you didn't essentially kiss ass to him and you held your ground.
I really respect you for doing that.
But one of the things that you brought up in your book was that there's a lot of decision makers.
There are a lot of people saying, I'm the spokesperson.
I'm the spokesperson.
I'm the, you know,
I'll be talking to the press and it changed over time.
And it seemed like there were multiple decision makers and there wasn't a single decision makers and things like school closures.
Like you didn't, I think people associate that with you, but you were not the decision maker on that.
In fact, you wanted schools to remain open.
And so these decisions were being made around you, but not by you.
What is this?
What would be your recommendation?
If this happens again, should there be a single decision maker?
How do decisions get made?
It's a key point.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, a very important point.
Probably one of the, if not the most important point.
There has to be one person in charge.
I obviously thought as CDC director, that was me.
But very rapidly, that didn't happen.
The Secretary of Health basically gave the media lead to himself and Tony Fauci.
And as you pointed out, there were multiple different spokespeople, which is problematic.
We needed to have one.
Secondly, there was the whole approach that the administration had was that, if kind of from the Republic point of view, is that each state would make their own decisions.
So now we had 50 governors making their own decisions.
And as you point out, I was a strong advocate.
And if you go back and look at the press coverage.
I always said that the K through 12 kids, their public health interest is much greater served by them being in face-to-face learning.
And yet, we had almost all the states in the union decide to close the schools, you know, Arkansas and North Dakota.
I got a big award in Baltimore a couple years ago.
I don't get many awards, but I did get a big award in Baltimore by the Archdiocese of Baltimore because the Archbishop
had respect for me, and he asked me what it should do.
And I said, you keep the schools open.
And then, you know, the Montgomery County and Howard County public health leaders told the Catholic Church that they couldn't keep their schools open.
They had to close them.
And I remember calling the governor and I said, do you want to have a, you know, a First Amendment lawsuit on your hands or not?
Because these schools are going to stay open and the governor then obviously called Montgomery County Health Department and the Howard County Health Department and told them that they needed to let the parochial schools go in the direction they wanted.
So I was able to keep the schools open.
I'm very proud of that.
The fact is, when they had the standardized testing, the Catholic schools in Baltimore had the highest scores they've ever had.
And of course, the public schools had the lowest scores they ever had.
So there were a lot of decisions that, unfortunately, were not
helpful to the American public because, as you said, there wasn't a single authoritative spokesperson that really controlled it.
You had the president making recommendations, you had the government making recommendations, you had Fauci making recommendations, and it was, I think, a real defect in terms of the public health response that we had to the pandemic.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, absolutely.
So you talked about groupthink.
So I'm curious, I didn't really get this in the book at all.
Did you try to surround yourself with people with opposing points of view and actually solicit that?
Because I was on the other side of this, and I think we felt people who were
skeptical of the policies and so forth felt that we weren't being listened to or we didn't have a seat at the table and that it was much more of a group thing.
I'm wondering if you personally surrounded yourself with people who had divergent views or were the viewpoints that you were allowed to listen to sort of dictated to you.

[SPEAKER_00]
I always felt that it was so important to have the virgin point of views and open dialogue.
I tell people this, and I don't know if I said it in my book or not, but I've said it in the press at times, and people have sort of their heads have jolted back when I've said it.
you know, in your own scientific background, I said, you know, if I have a hypothesis, which I have, and you end up proving me wrong, I thank you.
Because you taught me something.
If I have enough hypothesis and you proved me right, I don't feel so bitter.
You just confirmed what I already knew.
So I've always advocated.
A friend of mine, Rick Warren, who's a pastor who I have a lot of respect for out in California, Rick, when I gave a talk, he asked me to come out and talk about AIDS and the other speakers at that time were Barack Obama, who was running for president and the senator from Kansas that was running for
For presidents and Hillary Clinton and and and he said something really good at that conference he said you know if you want to if you have a if you want to fly straight and get something accomplished you need a right wing and a left wing.
If you only have a left wing, you're going in circles.
If you only have a right wing, you go in circles.
I've always believed that.
We have to have honest dialogue.
We should respect each other.
We don't want everyone to have the same opinion.
I was always bothered by the ACIP when I was the CDC director because the ACIP would give me recommendations and the vote was usually 17 to 0 or 16 to 1 or maybe 15 to 2.
And that would tell me there's no real dialogue there.
Everyone is the same thing.
So even with the recent recommendations that came out on hepatitis B vaccination, it was an eight to three decision.
That's it.
That to me is more healthy.
If there's some dialogue difference of opinion and, you know, back to Rick Warren, if you want the right answer, you got to pull something from the left and the right, or you're not going to get the right answer.

[SPEAKER_03]
OK, so great advice.
You've publicly called for removing the COVID shots.
So my question is, why now?
What motivated you to do that?
And what was your red pill moment on the shots?
Or was it a gradual sort of red pill moment as you learned more and more about the COVID vaccine?

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, I think for me, you know, I was part of Operation War of Speed, and you and I have dialogued a little on this.
We may disagree on some of the conclusions, but I'm anxious to learn from you also, is that when I was, particularly when I was the Chief Senior Public Health Advisor for the State of Maryland, because I took that on in the winter of 2021 after I left CDC,
The vaccines were approved in December 14th, and I was out of office on December 20th, so it really was my Maryland experience.
And I worked with the governor in January 2021, in February 2021, to get all of our nursing home patients vaccinated and assisted living, because we were having significant mortality.
Uh, in Maryland, I was seeing these cases every day.
I'd wake up and they said 30 more people died, you know, 45 people died, 30 people died.
So we got everybody vaccinated, uh, and pretty much by the end of February, um, uh, you know, with their free choice, it wasn't mandated.
It was their choice, but, but by, by the time we started getting into late February and early March, we weren't seeing the deaths.
And it looked pretty good into April, and then of course in May, I started seeing all the deaths again.
And June, so I knew that these vaccines were non-nourable in their ability to protect against deaths.
It was a short-term protection.
And you and I can talk more about that because I respect, you know, I didn't understand half of what you told me on the phone about some of the mathematics.
But I used to be good in mathematics, but that's when I was in high school.
But I think it's important to have an honest, open opinion about these issues.
I can say the observational data, the short-term ability to protect life was real, in my experience, the long-term
meaning long term could be measured in say four months or five months or six months or longer.
You know, I'm open to see, you know, what the data shows.
My clinical experience showed me the short term was there.
But, you know, the reality was that, you know, these vaccines initially did show some protection, but I was always at the point of view
having looked at the FDA data that went for approval.
These vaccines never showed any evidence that was significant enough for approval that they prevented infection.
They really didn't show any evidence in people that were under the age of 60 or under the age of 65 that they prevented hospitalization and death.
The only data that they had in the original applications for approval for the FDA
was they predicted hospitalization and death for people that were at high risk for hospitalization and death, those people that were over the age of 65.
So I always felt that they should have been approved for the vulnerable.
All right.
And, and I never felt that they should have been approved, you know, for the broader population.
And I never thought, of course, they should ever have been mandated.
I'm a big advocate of personal choices if you want vaccines.
So that was
One of the issues, the other issue that hounded me, and I was part of this group, was I was always bothered by the fact that these vaccines were approved, the mRNA vaccines were approved.
But I never knew what dose the patient actually got.
Because once you gave an mRNA vaccine to a patient, that patient made the spike protein.
But I didn't know how much they made.
Nobody knows.
did they make a little did they make a lot and the other thing i didn't know i didn't know how long they made it they make it for a day a week a month a year i didn't know is that either and i was bothered that the fb would approve a drug for people you know that we didn't know the dose and the duration so once the emergency was over and you know you have to go back to the beginning when we were losing a lot of people
Once that seemed to be under some control, it seemed to me it was premature to give general approval for this vaccine without knowing dose and not knowing duration.
And then as a clinician, after I left CDC and I was working for Hogan, I started clinical practice again.
and taking care largely of long COVID, and I know you have an interest in it.
And that's where my clinical practice was.
I focused strictly on long COVID, a little bit of HIV and hepatitis, but mostly long COVID.
And in the course of seeing patients with long COVID, I started seeing people that look like they had long COVID, but they never had COVID.
And when I took a history from them,
I found out that they got sick, you know, 10 days, two weeks, three weeks after their second dose of an mRNA vaccine.
And these people were really sick.
And they were, you know, told by everybody that vaccine injury didn't happen.
And the more I looked into it, I became convinced that these people were sick because of vaccine injury.
And so I evolved.
It wasn't an immediate evolution.
But I evolved over the last, say, two years to realize that I no longer, in my clinical practice, would prescribe the mRNA vaccines.
I thought there were too many unknowns, and they're definitely vaccine injury.
I do support vaccines.
I spent my life developing them, but I was more of an advocate for the Novavax protein vaccine, which at least I knew the dose that I was giving you.
And I knew the duration of that dose based on the case curves of that vaccine in the human body.
And so I made a big push that we should be promoting the protein vaccine if we needed to vaccinate.
And again, I really did feel that the vaccine was indicated for vulnerable.
That was over 65 years of age or people that may have comorbidities, body mass index over 35, et cetera.
But I didn't think this was a vaccine that needed to be in the general public.
And I actually think CDC finally
I got in the right place with the last ACIP, although they got a lot of pushback.
I think when they recommended that the vaccine was people over the age of 65, they were in the right place.
I would have liked them to be a little more aggressive about raising concerns, whether it's initially a black box or whether it goes further, which I think will eventually happen in the next couple of years.
is that the FDA will actually recommend pulling these vaccines off the market that we have a safer vaccine in the form of a protein vaccine if you do need to use a vaccine.
So it took me time.
It wasn't immediate.
I have to admit, as CDC director to put you behind my eyeballs, I'm sitting here as CDC director looking at a pandemic that my CDC colleagues in February of 2020
presenting me data that they expected 2.2 million Americans would be dead by September.
All right, from the COVID pandemic.
That was not a very good day for me and my wife.
You read in the book probably, my wife and I, that night thinking that we may not be alive in September.
All right, because the guys that recommended suggested that it would be 2.2 million people dead by September.
These people were not sensationalists.
These were very conservative estimates based on what we thought.
And the fact that I had a vaccine that I thought would modify death
All right, at least acutely, and this is where you and I can talk more, you know, there may be an acute benefit for modifying death.
They may not be a long-term benefit.
And as you point out, there may be a long-term, uh, anti-benefit, but I think it's worth an honest, open debate about that.
But, uh, that's what really, uh, when I was CDC director, no one had a tool to keep the cute debt.
You probably remember that in, in March,
We, in April, May, we were losing up to 3000 people a day.
I remember in New York, we had the, you know, the freezer trailers moving into the hospitals.
But it's no doubt to me in my mind that 2025, that our view of the mRNA vaccines really need to be recalibrated.
And I personally think, and again, in my practice,
Um, I don't prescribe them anymore.
I use the protein vaccine and I will argue in my personal life and I've been vaccinated eight times, but in the, you know, probably for the last two years, I've only received the protein vaccine.

[SPEAKER_03]
So I just wanted to mention that when I first met Robert Malone and we started talking, he mentioned exactly the same thing that you just did, which is that we don't know what the dose is and we don't know what the duration is.
and that was a big issue for him because he said they just don't have the data on it because each person makes a different amount of the spike protein and we don't know for how long.
And so this was Malone's concerns as well, those exact two things.

[SPEAKER_00]
Can you imagine if I approved a drug, a pill, that some people
developed, let's just say like a milligram per ml in their blood.
And some people developed a thousand milligrams in their blood.
I mean, it would never be, it would never be approved.

[SPEAKER_03]
Exactly.

[SPEAKER_00]
My son and I were talking tonight because he, you know, he's, he's a head of transplant out in Irvine, California, a really wonderful doctor.
And, you know, he's, he's also come to the same conclusion.
which made me feel good that he came to the safe inclusion.
And, and I said to him after it's Bobby, it's, it's like, if we approve this, you know, if this was like insulin and you had, you had a little or a lot.
I mean, would anybody improve insulin?

[SPEAKER_03]
No, that would be insane.
Insulin at 10 X difference would be absolutely insane.

[SPEAKER_00]
It'd be failed.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_00]
So I do think this has to be reexamined.
I have, just to go on the record, I have a lot of, I know people have their own views, but I have a lot of confidence in Marty McCary.
I'm excited that the FDA is finally opening the books on this.
I know Bobby Kennedy is really, he's not anti-vaccine at all.
He just wants honesty about vaccine.
He wants transparency about vaccines.
He doesn't want people just to say, well, vaccines are good because I say they're good.
No, show me the data.
What's the safety?
What's the adverse reactions?
And Marty's going to take it apart.
They came out with the, you know, the recognition publicly that they, they believe as the FDA and I give them respect for their role and their good scientists that at least 10 children died from the mRNA vaccine.
As I saw the original report, I think it was 26, so they, but they were confident at least 10.
I suspect they're going to see more.
All right.
Now they're looking at it in terms of broader side effects and toxicities of the general population, including adults.
They're going to show that these vaccines do cause injury.
All right, that doesn't mean they still don't have benefit for some individuals and we can debate what those individuals are.
But in my clinical practice, and I think I'm pretty good at this, I've decided that the benefit that I want to get from the vaccine I can get from the protein vaccine, I don't need the risk of the mRNA vaccines.

[SPEAKER_03]
Do you have an opinion on who should be the next CDC director?
You may actually know who the next CDC director is and may not be able to tell us.
So you may not be able to comment on that question.

[SPEAKER_00]
But yeah, I think I know.
And I think you're right.
I can't comment on it.
I do I do have somebody that I think.
Would be a great CDC director that I really advocated for because when I was.
When I was CDC director, I went after him.
to come and join me because I thought he could be a great leader at CDC.
And one of the things I always did in my life when I had leadership roles was one of the first things I tried to do is identify who's going to take my place.
All right?
Because I always said, you know, I don't build sand castles.
I've built programs that last for a lifetime, and I've done it whether it was in the Army or in Maryland.
And so when I got to CDC, and I remember I was told by my predecessor, I'd never be able to recruit people into CDC, blah, blah, blah, the government, that I recruited about six really great people in senior levels into CDC, because they needed new blood, new senior leadership.
And there's one gentleman in particular that I just really thought was great.
I tried hard.
Uh, to have, uh, uh, Secretary Kennedy and others look at him to be the next CDC director.
I don't think that's going to happen, but I have a pretty good idea of who they're going to announce, but let's just wait and see what, you know, it's the balls in their court.
And, you know, I'm a little cautious because we've been through two already, but I do think it's so important to get CDC leadership.
Absolutely.
And we need leadership.
We need leadership.
And it's a really an important organization.
But that organization has serious limitations that need to be addressed.

[SPEAKER_03]
Okay, so one of the questions that I know a lot of people are wondering about is what did the CD and this is after your tenure.
So this is after you left.
So you may not, I'm not sure if you'll be able to comment on this.
But the big question is on the CDC and the vaccine and the vaccine side effects and so forth.
And I know we talked about some of this in terms of the CDC was informed by the Israelis about the myocarditis signal.
They didn't discover that themselves.
But so my question is, what did the CDC know and when and did they cover it up?
And one of the striking things to me, and this was not on your watch, was that the CDC did an investigation into the deaths of 14 kids who died after the COVID vaccine.
So they went into various and they
researched all 14 cases.
And I wrote a sub-stack article about it when that report came out.
And I said, those 14 kids did not die from normal causes, right?
Kids die of different causes than adults die.
And I can tell you that kids don't die from brain, from hemorrhages in the brain.
You know, you don't get like 30% of the kids dying with a brain hemorrhage.
That's not normal.
And so when I looked at these cases from four years ago and the CDC said, well, two of them died from this and two of them died from this and two of them died from this.
And that was it.
It's like, Hey, you know, and let's talk about something else.
They didn't go in and they didn't point out.
that these are really unusual causes of death for kids of that age.
And there was no outcry at all.
So now, here we are four years later, and they're looking at essentially the same deaths and saying, hey, I was right, that these deaths were not normal.
These deaths were very atypical.
So did the CD, and I've heard
From the jungle drums, I won't say exactly who tipped me off.
I asked them about the death investigations, and I said, the CDC just ignored these.
And I was told, no, no, no, it's worse.
It's worse than that.
And I said, the only thing that could possibly be worse than ignoring the deaths is knowing that there were deaths and covering
it up.
And at that point, my source basically stopped talking to me.
So, do you have anything, any data, do you know, you know, in terms of, was the CDC involved in covering up information that they weren't telling the public that the public should have known and had a right to know?

[SPEAKER_00]
I don't think so, Steve, but what I do think is there was a culture
of group think that was problematic after I left.
And that was the culture that was the policy that was promoted by certain people in the administration, now it's the Biden administration, that the American public needed to be vaccinated.
Period.
Everyone needed to be vaccinated.
You may not know what's good for you, but I do.
All right?
So I will decide for you that you will be vaccinated.
And any information that would potentially dissuade people from being vaccinated, I think was suppressed.
And what example do I have, you know, that I was involved in?
When I was the senior advisor for Governor Hogan, I, you know, as we got into April and May, I'm telling the governor that this vaccine isn't working very long because now we're back to the death hospitalization and death rates that we were in January.
All right, I think these people don't have durable immunity.
And so I got an agreement that we went and did antibody analysis on the patients and we did find about 2 thirds of them no longer had meaningful antibody against the spike protein.
So there was no durability to this vaccine.
And I told the governor that I thought if we want to protect these vulnerable people in nursing homes, which I do think we did for a short time, you know, for whether it's 12 weeks or 16 weeks, we're going to have to do this again.
The COVID vaccine was not a vaccine.
I tried to tell people I finally concluded it was more like a medicine.
And in order for it to protect you from death, you had to take your medicine every 12 weeks, or you weren't protected.
And I got Kogan to agree with me, even though CDC, NIH, FDA came after me.
And we revaccinated people, and we stopped.
And all of a sudden, once again, the hospitalization death rates declined substantially.
Um, but I do think that, uh, you know, um, I, I lost my train of thought again.

[SPEAKER_03]
You were asking me directly, uh, whether they covered it up or not.

[SPEAKER_00]
So I don't think they covered it up, but I do think they.
So, so what happened after that, as you may or may not know is CDC stopped tracking people that were vaccinated who got infected.
They stopped tracking it.
And it's, well, why are we not tracking that?
Because now you can say, do you have anybody that was a vaccine got infected?
No, we don't have anybody.
We're not tracking.

[SPEAKER_02]
We don't have anybody.

[SPEAKER_00]
So, and I got mad because Biden went on the news and Fauci went on the news and they said, this is an epidemic.
You'll probably remember it's an epidemic of the unvaccinated.
No, it's not an epidemic on the end vaccinated.
It's an, I said in Hogan, Maryland, we have two thirds of the people who are new infections are vaccinated.
This vaccine doesn't last, all right?
And so there was a big, I think, push to not allow anything that would be viewed as negative, whether it's side effects, whether it's toxicity, whether it's whether the vaccine works.
I mean, how many people in the American public
ever knew that the vaccine didn't prevent infection.
I mean, Biden said himself, vaccinate your children so they don't infect grandma.
Wait a minute, that's not a true statement, because this vaccine didn't prevent infection.
So I think there was a proactive decision that I actually think was generated by the policymakers in Washington
and some of the leaders, Tony Fauci would be one of them, that vaccines are good.
Everyone has to get vaccinated.
You don't want any discouraging information about vaccines because we don't want to negatively influence people's decision not to get vaccinated.
I do think that was conscious, right?
But I don't think they intentionally covered anything up.
Do I believe we didn't have, you know, aggressive surveillance on vaccine toxicity, side effects, and injury?
There's no doubt about it.
We don't have a good program there.
Do I do believe that we aggressively looked at those issues objectively with the idea that vaccine injury may be the answer?
I think they were looked at largely with the answer was going to be something else.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right.
So autopsies, like I don't think the CDC ever pursued, hey, let's have autopsies for anybody who dies within 30 days of COVID vaccine, right?

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, or even, you know, even if you want to even within two weeks, I don't think there's an aggressive attempt by FDA, by CDC, by ATHX to really go after the issue of whether there was a toxicity from these products.
Part of one of my voices now, and what we're doing on this podcast is I think we ought to have that voice.
I think Marty McCary is trying to say, wait a minute, there may be some negative reactions to some of these vaccines or maybe downsides.
Let's go back and look at these deaths.
Let's look at them objectively.
Were some of these deaths more likely caused by the vaccine?
This is another big issue you may not want to get into, but I am a strong advocate that we should not have a lack of culpability for these products.
I think the vaccine industry has got to stand by their products.
And we can do different things to try to maintain the industry.
I agree.
You can't have an open-ended lawsuits that can go for hundreds of millions of dollars, but we could allow the American public that's been injured to have legal recourse for their injury.

[SPEAKER_03]
So do you think that we should be lifting the liability protection vaccine?

[SPEAKER_00]
Absolutely.
I think it has to be lifted, but I do think we have to have some guardrails around it.
But I do think it should be lifted.
I have a lot of patients, unfortunately.
And this is what helped when you asked me, did it happen immediately or take time?
It did take a little time for me to come to my view.
And I'm more outspoken now about pulling back an MRA vaccines than I was three years ago, although I've been moving in this direction probably over the last three years.
Because I have patients now whose lives have been destroyed.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right.

[SPEAKER_00]
by the vaccine and in their lives have been further destroyed because before they got to me, everyone told them there's no way it was a vaccine.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_00]
But it wasn't, but it was a vaccine.

[SPEAKER_03]
That's awesome that you're speaking out.
You know, I don't think there are any other former CDC directors that are honest about this as you are.
Am I correct?
Is there any, is there any other former CDC director saying that these shots have injured people?

[SPEAKER_00]
No, I don't think so.
Unfortunately, I have other colleagues that were with me in the Trump administration that were involved in some of this.
And I've seen they've all sort of sort of lined up with you.
You've read all these things about all these people that have signed letters.
So this is the problem I have with group think.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yep.

[SPEAKER_00]
I've never been a group thinker.
But I'm close to this.
I take care of these patients and maybe that's influenced me a lot that these men and women are my patients and I'm convinced having listened to them that their stories are
Pretty accurate, and the reason that they're really sick now is probably they got an mRNA vaccine.
Usually, it's usually the second or third vaccine, never the, really, in my experience, never the first.
And I think they have serious injury.
I think, you know, spike proteins and immunotoxic protein, and the body was not meant to become a spike protein factory.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, and that's backed up by the check data.
The check data shows a dose response.
So more doses, more injury.
So what you're seeing in your practice is backed up by this large scale government data from the Czech Republic.
Let me, I'm going to switch to the ASIP committee.
And I wanted to ask you two very important questions about the ASIP committee, which is, one, what is your opinion of the HEPB decision?
You know, because all of these societies have come out and saying, oh, this is a terrible decision, this will
This will cause many people to die and so forth.
And yet in Canada, they don't give the happy vaccine until you're in seventh grade.
And there's no outcry in Canada at all about that.
And yet in the United States, when we try and pull it from right at birth, we have this huge outcry.
And
And what's interesting, and I'm not sure that people realize just how experienced you are with Hep B because I read your book and you have this great section towards the beginning where you're dealing with Hep B cases in the military and you discovered that they were giving 10 times as many, or 10 times the amount
Because you were trying to vaccinate all the soldiers, and you discovered that you could give one-tenth the dose.
And it was equally effective if you just did it sub-dermally rather than intramuscularly.
So you have a lot of experience with HEPB.
So I really want to know what you thought of that HEPB decision from the ASIP panel.
And also Paul Offit characterized the ASIP panel as a clown show
And I would love to get your reaction off its comment and Paul off it himself.

[SPEAKER_00]
So two things.
First, I think the ASAP recommendation was right on target.
All right.
I always said when I was the CDC director, it used to bother me that ASAP would give me committee votes that were 17 to 0 or 16 to 1.
And I would say, well, what kind of discussion did they have?
And this goes back to the group thing, right?
The recent recommendation was 8 to 3 where they decided that not all children needed to be vaccinated within 48 hours of birth.
to the hepatitis B vaccine.
Part of this goes back to my own view that we should have the individuals making the decisions about their vaccines for their body and the parents making that vaccine, not the government.
But there is another group of people that believe it needs to be the government.
Okay.
And that's the group that I think you're, you're, you're seeing here.
Um, I thought the committee and Bob Malone and them did a great job in, in realizing if you were, um, born and your mommy was hepatitis B positive, we want you to be vaccinated in the first 48 hours of life.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yep.
So, uh, Paul, off it's characterization of ASIP as a clown show.
What, what's your reaction to that?

[SPEAKER_00]
Oh, no.
One of the big problems.

[SPEAKER_05]
Back.
We throw it.
Dr. Rick, you froze for a second.

[SPEAKER_00]
Your feet, your feet froze.
We'll be back.
Back.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
Back.
You're a little bit in and out.
He glitched out, glitched out just when we were trying to find out whether it was a clown show or not.
Oh my gosh.
We lost him.

[SPEAKER_05]
It must have been hopefully he'll come back in.
Yeah.
I hope he'll log back in.
It must have been the question, Steve.

[SPEAKER_03]
Oh, this will be then the unanswered question.
Um, I'm looking forward to, uh, to continuing this conversation.
This has been super fascinating.

[SPEAKER_05]
Oh yeah.
Very much so.
Hopefully he can come back in maybe on his computer.
I will.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
I don't know.
Maybe I wouldn't know if it's battery or, or, or what.
Um, I want to ask him, I'll ask him next about a data transparency and, uh, and I want to ask him about early treatments.
That's, that's going to be very interesting.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, that was going to be one of my questions.
I'm glad you're going to ask that.
Let me see.
Maybe try again on your computer.
Let's see if he can join us again.
I've got direct contact with him.
So let's see if I can come back.
But yes, really interesting conversation.
And hopefully we can get him back to further the questions because there's a lot more to ask.
What is your feeling so far?
Let me see if I can, let me see if I've got a text from him.
Tell us a little bit more about, um, yeah, maybe you can text him, but a little bit more about your review of his book.
You mentioned a few things, but what else would, what's the most?

[SPEAKER_03]
I, um, as I was reading it, I was putting myself in his shoes.
And, you know, because it's easy to be the armchair critic, uh, from the outside and saying, Oh, you know, why did they do that?
There was a dumb decision.
You know, why did they close the schools?
Why did they do this?
Um, social distancing, that didn't make any sense.
So it's, uh, so he's, he's, he's, uh, uh, connecting back in now.
Um, so.
Um, there we go.
Okay.
What happened?
You're back.

[SPEAKER_00]
I'm not sure what happened.
I have, I have connectivity problems occasionally in this house and, you know, they're doing some, uh, internet work out in the front yard down the street and maybe they did something.

[SPEAKER_03]
Okay, well you're back and we'll continue.

[SPEAKER_00]
No, you were asking me about the clowns and I don't agree with that.
I think these are good people.
You know, one of the things many people don't realize and it upsets me.
You know, Bobby Kennedy did have the committee, you know,
Every secretary of health appoints this committee, so it's nothing unique that Kennedy did it, which was bothersome to me was Joe Biden in this last year of office appointed 13 of the 17 members for a four year term.

[SPEAKER_04]
Okay.

[SPEAKER_00]
which which basically knowing this was an issue for kennedy put it pretty much out of his reach to have that committee and then there was a fourteenth person who was already on the committee that wanted to renew for four years in biden renewed them so fourteen of the seventeen committee members were renewed for four years it's like stacking the supreme court and several of them were renewed after biden had already lost the election
All right, so what choice did Kennedy have?
This is important to him.
He realizes like me, we're really not getting a lot of debate, the dialogue, different opinion, we're getting a lot of group think.
I really want honest debate about these issues.
And so he put a new committee in.
And I think he's done a good job.
And I do think if you look at the decision they made on the COVID vaccine, or over 65 and not vaccinating children, it was right on.
It's all science driven.
Okay.
If you look at the decision they made for the hepatitis B vaccine to vaccinate kids, you know, that were, uh, mommies were hepatitis B positive or they didn't know, but Lao mommies and daddies and, uh, to make the decision for their children, if they were, if they, if they were screened and they were negative, I happen to believe the hepatitis B vaccine belongs in children between the age say of 10 to 15, uh, not at the age of, uh, 48 hours.
So I think they made the right decision again.
And yes, the establishment, you know, is, you know, can't deal with it.
But these are the people that made these decisions because these people believe that they need to make the decision for you because you can't make the decision for yourself.
And I totally disagree with that point of view.

[SPEAKER_03]
So if there was a clown show, it would really, you would characterize it, and I don't think you would use the word clown show at all.
But if there was a clown show to be named, it would really be their predecessors rather than this group of people.

[SPEAKER_00]
There was no open discussion.
I mean, you know, I happen to historically respect Paul off it for, I've known him for years before.
I'm concerned about how aggressive he's been lately.
You can do your own homework.
I'm concerned that there may be a conflict of interest.
I hear he's he's made tens of millions of dollars in royalties.
on the rotavirus vaccine.
I also know the University of Pennsylvania is where he's at has made probably hundreds of millions of dollars in royalties on vaccines related stuff, including Moderna and mRNA vaccines.
So I'm just worried there may be a little conflict of interest in some of this thinking.
I would love to see Paul, he should have gone to the committee and made his argument.
If he had an argument for why we should continue to vaccinate children at the age of 48 hours, he should have gone there and made that argument.

[SPEAKER_03]
Why do you think he didn't?
Why do you think he didn't?
He was invited.
He went on CNN and he lied about being invited.
He didn't show up.
Why do you think he didn't show up?
Did he not show up because he was afraid of being
asked questions that he didn't want to answer and being exposed by the members of the ASAP committee, or do you think there was some other reason that he didn't show up?

[SPEAKER_00]
I don't know the answer, but I do think your point of view about not wanting to be exposed.
I mean, a lot of people think where his vulnerability could be on the issue is obviously on independent wealth as a consequence of vaccine policy.
And the same thing could be said for the University of Pennsylvania.
But I don't know the answer.
I respected him for a long time.
You know, he's the Morris Hillerman Professor of Medicine there.
Morris was a good friend of mine.
He was on my board for years.
He's one of the greatest vaccine developers in the history of the world.
And, you know, and I don't know.
I think Paul would do us all a great service.
by really being willing to sit down with colleagues that have a different point of view than him and just have an honest dialogue.
Very disappointed that he didn't do that.
Maybe Steve, you'll succeed.
Maybe you can get some people like me and Paul and a couple others and you get a group of maybe five people that had different points of view and have an honest dialogue.

[SPEAKER_03]
I'm trying to get that.
I posted a substack offering Paul off at a million dollars.
for a one hour debate on the safety of the COVID vaccine.
He did not respond.
So I called up his office and I got his voicemail and it was him on the voicemail.
And I said, okay, name your price for a one hour, let's have a one hour discussion on the safety of the COVID vaccine.
Name your price.
He hasn't gotten back to me.
He's, he's a,

[SPEAKER_00]
I don't know the answer.
I mean, I know him historically, because I knew him 15 or 20 years ago, and I had a lot of respect for him.
You know, who knows how we all change in life.
I do think I don't want to debate all of it, but I would like to have a one hour discussion with him.
Okay, that's the word you use when your second word you use was discussion.
The first time you said debate.
Second word you said discussion.
Discussion is better.
Hey, I'll give you a million dollars to have a discussion with me about the pros and cons of these vaccines.
We should have that discussion.
And if you really want one of the things I really like about Bobby Kennedy and Secretary Kennedy is what he's really about is dialogue, discussion.
Totally.
You know, let's discuss this issue.
Okay, you think it's this, I think it's that.
I mean, I finally listened.
I mean, I had to be honest with myself.
In my clinical practice, pretty much the last two years, I have not prescribed an mRNA vaccine.
So as a public health leader in the country, maybe I ought to share my point of view, you know, so other people can at least reevaluate whether they want to get a protein vaccine or an mRNA vaccine.
I'm thinking Marty McCary will go into this in a big way.
And I do think, you know, I don't want to abandon all COVID vaccines because I do think there's an advantage for some people.
But I think it's a protein based issue.
But we should be very open to having the data out there and dialogue it and have different opinions.
Um, and like you're going to, you know, do let the public weigh in.
Um, yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
Look, if, if I'm wrong about analyzing the data, I want to be shown to be wrong.
Right.

[SPEAKER_00]
And you thank people to show.
I mean, that's what people used to, some of the newscasters say, well, I don't understand why you say you thank somebody who proved you wrong.
I said, because they taught me something.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right.
I do not want to be spreading misinformation.
Right.
It's about.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_00]
You teach me that my conclusions were incorrect.

[SPEAKER_03]
I really think you taught me something.
And that's exactly how I feel.
And so for people that I've invited to say, hey, you know, I created this methodology for analyzing vaccine data called the K-core method.
And if there is a flaw in the method, which nobody has found yet, I would like to know what it is because I do not want to be spreading misinformation.
I'm in this to save lives.
And if my analysis is wrong, somebody should be able to tell me we should have be able to have a public discussion on it.

[SPEAKER_00]
And you realize you've seen firsthand as you get into this field, you know, one group that's probably the least open to different points of view on how to analyze data called epidemiologists.
When I was in the military and trying to look at what was going on with the AIDS epidemic in the military, and I had a lot to do with developing the policy, I had a colleague, John Brungage, who was a really smart, innovative epidemiologist, and he helped me by developing
in a way of analyzing the data that we had in the military code arts that he described as what we call bootstrap analysis.
And everybody ripped them to shreds.
We can't do that.
That's not the way we do it.
And it turned out it was very insightful if you did his method and you learn stuff that you wouldn't have seen by doing the traditional method.
So I would agree with you.
You know, and why not have an honest dialogue with experts?
And you've got some, you know, pretty good people from your alma mater that are innovative epidemiologists.
Okay.
I mean, you know, I know my friend, Jay Bhattachari teamed up with, and I think somebody from up in MIT that was, you know, part of the, his team original, they came out with some different points of view in the AIDS epidemic that of course they all got slaughtered, but they were right.
the Barrington Declaration.
If you look back at the Barrington Declaration, in general, it was right.
The only thing they were really wrong scientifically on, which the rest of the world was wrong on at the time, was the idea of herd immunity.
But everything else that they were right on.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, so let's talk about data transparency because in your book, you make a big point of that, that we need to be honest with the public.
That's the only way to restore trust is to have data transparency.
And I have been to the CDC, and I asked one of the top media relations people who I talked to.
He didn't quite know who he was talking to, which allowed me to ask questions.
And one of the questions I asked him is, why don't you guys get the record level data from the states?
And why don't you make that public?
Let's have some data transparency here because the CDC isn't getting the information that it needs to assess the safety.
And he told me, well, we don't have a right
to ask the states, Congress has not given us the right to ask the states for that information.
And I said, have you tried asking nicely?
Have you tried using the word please?
And maybe in your book, you point out that some states were very cooperative with the CDC and other states were actually pretty belligerent.
to the CDC.
So I'm expecting that if the CDC were to ask, I would imagine that a lot of states would supply the record level data from the states.
And that would help the CDC and the public to make better health decisions if the CDC had record level data.
But today, it's still true as far as I know that the CDC doesn't have the record level data from the states to be able to assess vaccine safety.
Is that right?

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, that's my understanding.
Listen, this is a sore point with me because, you know, in my book, I talk about when we started to see enormous increase in infections among Hispanics in North Carolina.
I wanted to go into North Carolina to figure it out.
This was very early in the epidemic, probably.
you know, March, April.
I mean, very early.

[SPEAKER_03]
And this is covered in your book, by the way.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, it's in the book.
And I called CDC and said, we're putting a team into North Carolina to figure this out.
And the CDC folks said, you can't do that.
I said, what do you mean I can't do that?
And they said, well, North Carolina has to invite you in.
And I said, what do you mean by inviting me?
And I'm giving them 300 or 400 million dollars a year to do their public health on the contract.
What do you mean I had to be invited in?
Well, Dr. Redfield, just go in.
And I said, who wrote these contracts that we don't have the right to go in and we're paying for it.
And, you know, so I called Mandy Cohen, who later became the CDC director, all right, under Biden.
And I called Mandy and I said, we want to come in and do it.
And she said, well, you're not invited.
What do you mean we're not invited?
I said, we're paying for your entire public health enterprise.
And she said, well, you know, this is something we're going to do on our own.
You're not invited.
So.
So there's several ways to deal with this.
One is when you write these contracts, you make it very clear what the deliverables are.
All right, one is access.
And if I had gotten another term and Trump had been reelected, I had decided already that one of the things, having gone through this COVID experience, I had decided already that one of the things I was going to do is decentralize CDC from Atlanta.
I had 15,000 people sitting in Atlanta.
I didn't need 15,000 people in Atlanta.
I needed, you know, 200 to 500 people in every state.
All right?
So I was going to reprogram the workforce so that every state got, you know, in 250, 500 people.
And the primary responsibility initially of those people was going to be to make sure we got real-time data reporting real-time.

[SPEAKER_03]
Whoa, that would be so awesome.
That would be totally game-changing.
That would be such a great idea.

[SPEAKER_00]
The states would not have that burden anymore, because we would put the people in to do it, and we would put the machinery in to do it.
And then the states could use those people to do other stuff that they want to do.
The states would still run their health programs, but we would make sure that the real-time data got into CDC.
And when I say real-time, I mean real-time, I tell the story
And I think in my book, I don't know, but I've told it many times publicly, my first briefing when I was CDC director, and I came down in late March.
And so in early April, I had a briefing in 2018.
And the briefing I asked for initially was a briefing on opioid related deaths.
Because this was a big deal.
We lost 80,000 people.
Trump had made it a big deal.
But, you know, this was a big deal.
This was the epidemic.
You know, I thought as an infectious disease doctor, when I went to CDC, I'd be working on, you know, infectious disease epidemics.
But when I got down there, I realized we were losing 80,000 people from opioid deaths.
I needed to understand what are we doing about that?
So I had a briefing on it.
I've also told people publicly was personal to me, because I almost lost one of my five children from a fentanyl overdose.
And so when I had the briefing, and it was a great briefing, very professional, at the end of the briefing, I just asked the experts what the data was through.
I'm the director.
They're briefing me on the number one cause of death of young Americans in the nation.
80,000 deaths, you know, more than we lost in the entire 20-year Vietnam War, right?
And they turned to me and they say, well, the date is through March 2015.
And I said, but it's April 2018.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_00]
And they said, director, you don't understand the complexity we have in getting the states to report the data that we need to be able to do this.
I said, no, what I don't understand is when I became director of CDC, I thought I was coming down here to use my ability to make an impact on the human condition.
And what you're telling me is I really came down to be a medical historian.
and I'm not that interested in being a historian.
But I will tell you, as we sit here today, they have not solved that problem.
When I was...
Yes, totally.
I was embarrassed, literally embarrassed, because when I would go on television, I would have to rely on the Johns Hopkins data to understand what the state of the epidemic was.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_00]
I was the director of CDC.
Why can't I use our own data?
Well, because we don't have it.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, totally.
A related question is, are there honest epidemiologists at the CDC and FDA?
And by honest epidemiologists, I mean people like you who basically follow the science.
And if they're wrong, they admit they're wrong.
And they're always open to being questioned about what their beliefs are.
So true scientists, epidemiologists at the FDA or CDC, are these people
basically people who are, as Aaron Siri would put, believers in the vaccine religion and always interpret data based on their religious beliefs, or are there true, honest epidemiologists, scientists who basically will look at the data and follow what the data says and put their personal beliefs beside?

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, I would say in my experience, a majority
of the individual scientists, epidemiological scientists and data scientists that I've met at CDC.
I've met fewer at FDA just because I haven't worked there, but I have interacted with a number of them.
I would say are honest epidemiologists and honest scientists, a majority, right?
But I would say the challenge they have is a lot of them don't have the courage
to stand up to their hierarchy when they're challenged.
They don't have the courage to say, well, but that's not what the data shows.
They present the data and then they get challenged at the next level up.
As you go up the food chain, there is some people that advance in the food chain, unfortunately,
more likely to modify how they interpret things based on how they want to.
But I would say the blood guts of men and women that work at CDC, and I think it's probably the same as true for the FDA, are really good people that want to do the right thing.
But I do think as it gets fed up the food chain, the ability for independent thought, independent debate, disagreement.
I never got upset as CDC director when somebody within CDC challenged me.

[SPEAKER_03]
Good for you.

[SPEAKER_00]
That's fine.

[SPEAKER_03]
That's good.
Good for you.
That's the way it should be.

[SPEAKER_00]
Now if they threw tomatoes at me when I was on stage, I didn't appreciate it, but now if they challenged me, that's fine.
Challenge me.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.
And if I get emotional about the challenge, and then you can watch this in your own life, you probably know this, people who get emotional when they get challenged over data, it really is a signal that the data really isn't that strong.

[SPEAKER_03]
That's right.
So you mentioned in your book that you went to these conferences, these industry conferences, and you were outspoken in saying that if they have HIV, we should tell them.
And people didn't like that.
And like you talked about the Red Cross, not telling it when the Red Cross discovered that people were HIV positive, that the Red Cross wasn't telling people about that.
And I think that was pretty upsetting to you that they weren't doing that.
But I remember a point in the book where you said you were actually getting booed
at, at these conferences for, for having your positions and just to buy them.

[SPEAKER_00]
I had four papers, three of which I presented on stage.
The fourth was a poster.
The three that I did on stage, all three I was booed off the stage, booed.
I, you know, booed.
And the first one was suggested something as radical as the auto-diagnose HIV infection, booed.
The second one was that I presented data in my own, I developed a staging system and I published it in the New England Journal of Medicine.
And if you follow people really carefully, immunologically, I showed that in my group of patients I was following, and I can't remember how many it was, 60 to 90 patients at the time, I showed that 90%, a little over 90% of them were getting sicker over say an 18 month, two year period.
And CDC's official position was 5% of people got sick.
Right.
Now I'm saying 90%.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
That you basically said that everybody who has HIV progresses to AIDS.

[SPEAKER_00]
The audience didn't like that.
And the third paper I presented was because I had a unique experience at Walter Reed in 1983, 84, 85, 86.
My patients, 30% were women.
and go back and think about the AIDS epidemic in 1984.
Most people didn't see women.
And of my patients, 50% were married.
And so I had spouses that I could evaluate.
And I showed that there was frequent transmission of HIV, men to women and women to men.
And I said, this is not a gay disease.
It's a sexually transmitted disease.
And guess what?
I was booed off the stage all three times.
But that goes to the answer your question.
These are good things in CDC and good people in FD.
But I don't think a lot of them had the courage to be booed off the stage.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, so good for you for having the courage to be booed off the stage.
I think that's a badge of honor.
So let me ask you about, I want to talk about whistleblowers and I want to talk about early treatment.
So there's a whistleblower in New Zealand, a friend of mine, Barry Young.
He exposed the data showing that the vaccines were killing people.
And for that, he's now facing seven years in prison in New Zealand.
And they've locked the public out of his trial, and he's not allowed to talk to anybody about his trial, which I think is quite extraordinary.
But there was a whistleblower by the name of William Thompson, who was at the CDC.
And I'm curious, did you know about William Thompson when you were at CDC?
Because it may not have risen to your level.
And have you seen the movie Vaxx?
And do you know William Thompson's story?

[SPEAKER_00]
No.
No and no and no.

[SPEAKER_03]
Whoa.
That is incredible.
So you don't even know who William Thompson is.

[SPEAKER_00]
Not that I recall.
I mean, I am like four years old and I have a little memory issues every now and then, but no.

[SPEAKER_03]
No, you would have known.
You remembered me from my CETF days.

[SPEAKER_00]
No, I remember.
I told you I remember.
Yeah, I remember.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
Right.

[SPEAKER_00]
So you definitely remember about you most was, you know, because I like this idea about people that are effective and highly successful.
So what I remember most that you are innovative, entrepreneur and highly successful that I remember.
was that was that you know Andy Rooney did a piece on me um was it from the Andy Rooney piece or was it yeah you were very successful you were an innovator very successful MIT you know you know smart guy and you know you just were extremely I'm excited that despite your success you decided to try to impact the human condition there's a lot of people when they get highly successful don't do that
And I know your wife had started a foundation for obviously COVID and early COVID, which I'm very involved in now.
I mean, my whole clinical practice is COVID, long COVID vaccine injury from COVID.
and getting people more engaged as we try to, if you read my book, go back and read the dedication.
I hope you do because you probably skipped it, but read the dedication because I dedicated the book to the men and women and children who I had the privilege to care for for HIV infection, but also now those that I'm carrying forward with long COVID that I hope science continues to the journey to find the
to find solutions and cures to that.
And even if you're somebody that's been involved in that space, because we need people like you that want to spend your resources to help people like us and others try to solve these problems.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, and I did it for the same reason.
So I'm a good friend of RFK and I asked him, I said, you know, you were this great environmental attorney doing work with fish and mercury and all this stuff and you switched over to the vaccines and now you're the pariah of the family.
Like, do you have any regrets on making that decision, making that transition?
And he thought for less than a second and he said, look, I had no choice.
That were his exact words.
I had no choice because he was showing something that was such an issue.
that nobody was taking care of, that he felt that it was, he had a moral obligation to go and fix that problem.
And I had the same thing when I saw this injustice happen, that to me, I thought for a little bit, but it was a very quick decision that fixing, writing this wrong was way more important than my career as a high tech exec.
So because you haven't heard of William Thompson, I'm going to ask you the next question, the A question, which is vaccines and autism.
Do you believe that vaccines cause autism?

[SPEAKER_00]
I don't know the cause of autism.
I've talked to Jay Bottichari about this a lot.
And I think where Kennedy is going with Jay, that NIH needs to really go after 5, 10, 15, 20, 30 credible hypotheses on the cause of autism and really aggressively go scientifically after them.
And I think they're going to do that.
I think autism is probably multifactorial.
But I don't really know the answer to that question.
I do think the whole issue got on the wrong space with vaccines, with the Wakefield data and all that problem.
But I'm not going to say it's impossible.
I do think there's probable that a lot of the immunotoxins that we're taking into our body, a lot of stuff that's going on.
But I'm really anxious for Badacharia to open up the doors, I don't know, one, two, three, $4 billion of NIH money, and go after 15, 20, 25 different hypotheses.
And let's find out the cause of autism.
And I suspect it would be multiple causes.

[SPEAKER_03]
But yeah, that's good because a lot of people are, oh, the science is settled and we're done and vaccines don't cause autism.

[SPEAKER_00]
I don't think we've done any of the science to the degree that we need to do.
We have no, we have no better understanding in my view of the cause of autism today than we did 10 years ago.
And we need to have, I talked to, I had dinner with Jay recently and this was one of a big part of it.
I had three issues with him.
I said, autism,
All right, go after it, you know, giving them vice, you know, big time, open door, no preconceived thing, you know, get people to come up with all different hypotheses and don't screen out hypotheses that you think are just off the wall, okay?
We don't have an answer.
We've been doing this for over 20 years.
Let's take all the hypotheses, get them and get them funded.
The other thing I ask them to do is to go after Alzheimer's.
because I think we really haven't approached Alzheimer's with the degree that we need to.
I don't like to term pre Alzheimer's Alzheimer's.
If you read, I did an op-ed in the Chicago treatment a couple of weeks ago, you know, really petitioning our nation to look at Alzheimer's as stage one, stage two, stage three, going for early diagnosis and early treatment.
And similar to what, you know, if we'd only treated AIDS patients, we would have never gotten to the point we are today where HIV is now a treatable
diseases you can live a natural lifetime.
And the third thing I went after, something that's very dear to my heart, is long COVID.
that we really need to go after long COVID.
It's definitely a solvable problem.
I think it's probably driven by viral persistence.
I think most people that have long COVID have active virus still in their body.
They haven't cleared it.
It's producing, you know, immunotoxic proteins.
And then the other side of that is courses, you know, the COVID vaccine injury.
So those are the, you know, areas.
And I talked to Jay, I said, Jay, you know,
Well, you ought to go aggressively.
The science is there that you could solve these problems in five to ten years if you really focus.
And it would be a huge benefit to solve.
Once and all, understand autism.
It would be a great thing if we could understand long COVID.
And it would be a great thing if we could basically be able to develop a treatment for Alzheimer's when it's stage one and stage two, so we don't have to have people go on to stage three.
Awesome.

[SPEAKER_03]
So a quick question.
Do you think the COVID shots killed more people than they saved?
Save more people than they killed or you just don't know?
And do you have a basis for that opinion?

[SPEAKER_00]
Well, I think it's having talked to you and I haven't seen the check data.
My own personal experience
has been short-term benefit of survival for highly vulnerable people over the age of 65.
That I've witnessed with my own eyes.
But you asked the other question in the general part of the whole population, particularly with the decision to mandate vaccines all the way down to everybody and children.
What's the long term consequences?
And the answer is I'm going to answer that.
I don't know.
That's that is a great answer.
I would like to see the data.

[SPEAKER_03]
I would love to show you the data.
But that's the right that that is the right answer.
If you don't know is just to say you don't know.

[SPEAKER_00]
One of the things when I was PDC director and I used to get criticized even by my colleague, Dr. Fauci, I used to get criticized and from my CDC colleagues.
And you can go back and find it probably in my Hill test, the Congress testimony and other testimony.
And sometimes I've been on the media.
One of the probably one of the most common answers I had to questions was, I don't know the answer.
People would say, well, you can't say that.
You can't see that.
You've got to give an answer.
But I don't know the answer.

[SPEAKER_03]
I totally respect people who say they don't know the answer.
That is so much better than saying that they parrot what the scientific consensus is to say that you don't know.
So I really respect your answer on that.
Let me ask you about early treatments.
You know, I was involved with the COVID early treatment fund.
We funded research like fluoxamine, but there are other treatments that were being done.
And then this is after you were CDC director.
And so I'm kind of asking you, but you know, sort of what happened after your watch, but there is the FLCCC protocols and those provide those early treatment protocols reportedly
had a 10x benefit in terms of reducing hospitalization by 10x and then they had a in hospital program and that's reported to have reduced your risk of death by 2x.
These protocols were never
evaluated or endorsed by the CDC.
There was the Fareed Tyson protocol by George Fareed and Brian Tyson in California, and they had an amazing track record in terms of very, very few people on their protocol died from COVID.
And there was Pierre Corey who pioneered the use of high-dose steroids and Paul Merrick who pioneered the use of IV vitamin C. And there was also things like the nasal sprays and the nasal washes and the
chlorine dioxide is another, you know, you can use it nasally or you can also do, use it in a nebulizer, which I've done.
And those are all effective treatments for COVID and yet they never made it
into any kind of CDC evaluation or recommendation.
And I remember talking to George about this and he said, you know, we tried to get the attention of the CDC on our protocol and we had like, you know, they had 30,000 patients.
So it was a non-trivial amount and they had, you know, like one or two deaths in those 30,000 with COVID.
And he said he was just ignored by the CDC that they couldn't get anyone's attention.
This is after your watch, so I'm not criticizing anything that you did, but what were people thinking because
When I talked to George and so forth, and I talked to Paul and so forth, they were saying that the CDC was directed, that the vaccine was the way to go, and they basically were not interested in anything other than the vaccine.
Because if the early treatments worked, then they wouldn't be able to get an EUA on the vaccine.
So I would love to get your take on this.

[SPEAKER_00]
I don't know all the nuances of the different trials that you just commented about, as you said, because they never really made prime time.
But I will say a couple of things.
First thing is I think there was an enormous bias towards the vaccine.
And I do think you hit on something important that the whole issue of emergency use authorization was really dependent upon and that there was no therapy.
And so I do think that dynamic was definitely in play.
I do think the people that were driving US policy in the Biden administration were vaccine, vaccine, vaccine, vaccine, vaccine.
If you read my book, you know my book, as I look at the next pandemic, my view is the answer is antiviral drug development.
We're not going to survive the bird flu pandemic by a vaccine.
The flu vaccines are not that good.
We're going to get there by having a spectrum of antiviral drugs that can work in the human body.
It's unfortunate that we didn't have a parallel operation warp speed for antiviral drug development.
No kidding.

[SPEAKER_03]
That would have been great.
Yeah, you wrote in your book that the CDC doesn't have a budget, that the CDC director doesn't have a budget.
It's all from Congress.
Congress basically says, we want to fund this at the CDC.

[SPEAKER_00]
That's right.
There's no budget.
There's no discretion.
There's no flexibility to go in the direction.
This all should be corrected.
You know, as CDC director, I know when I went down there, I was excited because I was supposed to have a $5 billion budget.
When I got down there, I had $8 billion because Congress gave us some more money.
So I turned to the head finance person and said, you know, can you outline my budget?
And she said, oh, you don't have a budget.
And I said, what do you mean I don't have a budget?
You know, I'm the CDC director.
He said, oh, no, no, all the budgets are described by Congress for certain protocols.
So, you know, but there was a bias.
You are right.
There was a huge bias.
The vaccines were the answer.
Okay.
It was, you know, and I think serious misinformation because the vaccine, the vaccines didn't prevent infection.
There were no answer.
I tell people we had one of the most successful vaccine programs, you know, if you will on the surface in the history of the world with operational war speed of 1.2 million people died.
Yeah, that's what was that.
Not, not very successful.
You know, I don't consider that success, you know, and, you know, so, um, so I'm big on antiviral drug development.
Um, they're definitely not a big open mind.
Uh, when you ask me how does this kind of stuff happen, you know, whether it's CDC or other, I do think there's a big problem with, you know, things that aren't invented here.
Okay, I do think in our country, there's an enormous, this is what I'm trying to work with Kennedy now in long COVID.
I'm trying to get the idea of a consortium of real doctors that take care of real patients.
And yet, you know, it's very quick how all of a sudden, you know, the group that wants to take over this is academic medicine.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_00]
I don't need academic medicine.
I want real doctors to take care of real patients.
And so I saw it with the AIDS epidemic when it started.
Nobody wanted to do AIDS in 81, 82, 83.
And when 86, 87, 88, when money came into it,
You know, many of my friends that were taking care of the AIDS patients in universities were kicked out because now the chairman of medicine wanted to run the program.
So I do think it's a real problem.
I'm a big view that we have to more effectively engage real doctors, taking care of real patients, working together with the private sector to advance therapeutics.
I think sometimes, you know, the idea of the academic ivory tower as being the gatekeepers of mistake, I don't know, you may have had some experience at that with your own development.
But, but I think a lot of the, you know, the problems that are related to that, let's support young innovative people to come up with young innovative ideas.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right.
Well, I'm curious as to your, it was interesting reading your book that you had met Deborah Bricks and Tony Fauci way, way before you ever arrived in Washington.
And so it was interesting that sort of the old gang got together again.
And you talked about having mutual respect for each other, but you also had disagreements.
Anything that you'd want to characterize and say about Tony Fauci and Deborah Bricks?
And I'm really curious also about Jerome, your opinion on Jerome Adams and this guy, Demetri Descalakis.
Maybe after your term.

[SPEAKER_00]
Ambassador Birx is very special.
She's a really brilliant individual.
She was the assistant chief of allergy and immunology at Walter Reed when I was one of the physicians in infectious disease.
I knew her and her husband very well.
Debbie had actually been trained by Tony Fauci at NIH where she did some of her training.
And so she was a pretty good trained immunologist, and I was trying to start an AIDS program at Walter Reed.
Congress had decided to give us $45 million to build an AIDS program.
My institution was not excited about it.
They wanted to turn the money back, but they were then informed that it wasn't really an optional request.
They were to start a program.
So I now had $45 million to build an AIDS program, but they told me I wasn't going to get any people or wasn't getting any space.
So I learned that I could rent people and I could rent space, and that's how I began to build the program.
And one of the first people, persons I went after looking at the talent that Walter Reed had was Debbie Burr and Debbie Burks, who was a pretty good trained immunologist.
And I asked if she wanted to join me to build this program.
And she decided to do that.
And we worked together for about 12 years.
She became my deputy.
And when I left Volta Reed to go to Maryland, I argued aggressively for her to take my place, which she did.
So I have a lot of respect for her.
Later on in life, she decided to consider applying for a job at CDC in global health.
And I strongly encouraged her to go ahead and do that.
And I really wrote strong recommendations for her.
And she began to run the PEPFAR program, of which I was one of the major grant recipients of it.
I actually wrote a grant and got $360 million, $380 million to bring the American Catholic Church, the Protestant Church, and some of the modeling churches in Africa together to provide AIDS care and treatment under the Bush program and really build a great program.
Well, Debbie went on to be the head of it in the ambassador for PEPFAR.
She did a great job.
Obviously, Vice President Pence was impressed with her and asked her to take on the AIDS issue at the White House, and she came and left the PEPFAR program.
So we had that relationship.
And then, of course, she had been trained by Tony.
And Fauci and I actually started working together on AIDS in 1983.
And we published some papers together.
We worked together for a number of years.
Um, prior.
So yeah, you're all right.
The three of us do the, the advantage that we had was we were all fairly strong minded individuals.
Um, we had a lot of confidence in our own point of view and our own ability to analyze information.
And we were had enough respect for each other that we could strongly disagree and yet still walk out of the room.
And, you know, I think, you know, our nation needs more of that where people can be strongly, you know, their opinions and substantiate them.
But we don't have to call people names and we don't have to, you know, take our football and go home.
So we had a good working relationship.
You know, I think it got a little tense for me with Tony.
because we had such strong disagreements, particularly about the origin of the virus, the role of gain of function research.
And these are really the issue of mandating vaccines.
The point of view that I had, and if you didn't know the answer, you should just say I don't know the answer.
I don't think, you know, I never forget when Tony Fauci
on herd immunity, which I told Tony, I was a virologist and I didn't think there was herd immunity for coronaviruses.
I didn't think it was operational.
And Tony told people that when we got to 30% of immunity that the pandemic would basically come to an end.
No way.
He told the president that and then later he said 50%.
uh, and Scott Atlas had come in the White House at the time and he's had the same point of view.
So when we got to 50%, the pandemic would be over, whether that was 50% by vaccination now, or whether that was 50% by infection.
But while we were in office, it was all infection.
Um, and then, and then later, uh, Tony said not long later, you know, a couple months later, Tony told the reporters 70%.
And I'll never forget, the reporter was very smart.
So Dr. Fauci, a couple of months ago, you said that the herd immunity needed to reach 50% before this.
We had effective herd immunity.
And now you're saying 70%.
What's the new data that you have that made you change from 50 to 70%?
And Fauci actually said, you said, well, there is no new data.
But when I told you 50%, I told you that because I didn't think you were ready to hear 70%.
Oh my gosh.

[SPEAKER_03]
It's set by the reproductive number, isn't it?
Isn't the herd immunity set by the reproductive number?

[SPEAKER_00]
So my point being that there was this view to tell people what they think they needed to hear, to do what you wanted them to do.
Right.
Not necessarily tell the truth.
And I remember telling Fauci, I said, Tony, I'm going to just tell people the truth.
The answer is we don't know.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
Well, so yeah.
And so, but he didn't want to do that.

[SPEAKER_00]
Well, we disagreed on a lot of things.
I don't want to say something negative about him, because I do think Fauci's intention was always because he believed that his point of view was important to protect the human condition and do human good.
Personally, I don't think he had bad intentions.
I just think he was wrong.

[SPEAKER_03]
Source of the virus.
What was his view of the source of the virus?
What was your view of the source of the virus?

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, so Tony felt very strongly the virus was natural spillover and he played the wet market, what I call roost.
Of course, I was that the virus came from scientific experiments that were done in the Wuhan land through gain of function research.

[SPEAKER_03]
So did you guys have like animated discussions on that or was it?

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, yeah, particularly in the White House task force, you know, we very, very aggressive.
You know, Tony was an immunologist.
I was a virologist.
I told Tony that, you know, he didn't really, he wasn't focusing on the virology.
If you looked at coronaviruses, when they went from bats to an intermediate animal to man, both COVID and MERS, I mean, both SARS and MERS never learned how to go efficiently human to human, right?
And yet COVID was immediately one of the most efficient viruses transmitted human to human that we've ever had up to measles.
And I didn't believe that was possible by nature, that the virus needed to be taught how to do that.
And then of course, if you did your homework and looked at it, there was papers 2014, 2015, where the lab was teaching coronaviruses how to infect humanized mice through the Easter receptor in that lab.
So they were actually doing it, right?
So I concluded that this virus was not natural.
My friend George Gao, who was the head of CDC China, he came and told me, and it was kind of a ruse.
They told me that they had the cases, 27 cases.
They were not SARS, not, you know,
not flu, and they all came from the wet market.
And I asked George, this is New Year's Eve.
Well, his case definition was, and he said it was people that didn't have SARS, didn't have flu, and they came from the wet market.
I said, well, George, then by definition, everybody comes from the wet market.
Why are you trying to associate this with the wet market?
And I said, you got to go outside the wet market and look for people that have illness that looks like flu, but it's not flu and not SARS.
And a couple of days later he called me back and he said, we have hundreds of cases and it has nothing to do with the wet market.
It was set up as a roost to turn the attention on the laboratory.

[SPEAKER_03]
So do you think Tony was, did he honestly believed that it was natural oranges?

[SPEAKER_00]
No.
No, I don't think he believed that.
I think Tony, honestly believe protecting gain of function research was more important for the ultimate human good.
And the way to protect it was not to have people think that this virus came from a laboratory.

[SPEAKER_03]
Wow.
Wow.
Okay.
All right.
So Livio, I'm, I, we could go for hours.
I'm not sure how much time you have left, uh, Dr. Redfield, but, uh, we should open up to audience questions.
So this has been fascinating.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, it's been great.
Do you have a few extra minutes to take a few audience questions, Dr. Redfield?

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, let me just do a little bit of a 74-year-old man biological break, and I'll be right back with you.

[SPEAKER_05]
Sure, go ahead and please do.
Um, yeah, I'm glad that, uh, we're going to get a little, a few questions in while Dr. Redfield takes a break.
This is what in old cinema, like for the, I was watching the Godfather part two, there was an intermission when it was a very long film.
So it's a very long podcast.
We're having a little in a mission, intermission here for, uh, for Dr. Redfield.

[SPEAKER_03]
So did, uh, were there any questions that, uh, I didn't cover that you're dying to know the answer to, but that last one was a zinger.
I'll tell you.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, that was for the benefit of mankind or humanity, not tell the truth about gain of function.

[SPEAKER_03]
Wow.
You know, this is.
And I was stunned that he didn't know about William Thompson.

[SPEAKER_05]
Mm hmm.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right.
I mean, these are these are revelations.
And of course, the CDC sort of not having the real time data I knew about that, but that, you know, it's crazy that they
For all the time that the CDC has been in existence, that they didn't implement this to get real time, let's move ourselves into the internet age in terms of health data.
We're in the Stone Age.
I mean, it was remarkable.
It's 2018 and he's got data from three years ago to make decisions.

[SPEAKER_05]
Sounds about right when it comes to government.
and my gosh people are so insulated from films like vaxxed and those stories i know and in my experience when i mentioned those kinds of films to friends who are basically blue pill still they have no idea they don't know who any of
And the, and they're also afraid to watch those films.
They won't watch.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
So.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_05]
Study.
They just, they're just programmed to, I can't, that's misinformation or.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
Dr. Dr. Redfield, by the way, has not yet seen an inconvenient study.
So I thought that was, that was interesting.
So I'm curious, Olivia, what was the most surprising thing that you learned from this conversation that you didn't know before that was like, whoa.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, the gain of function one just threw me for a little bit of a loop.
And I don't have a hard time believing that, that Fauci did that for that, but I accept it.
Yeah, no, it makes sense.
He wants to save humanity, and that's absolutely people.
Yeah, it makes sense.
It doesn't make sense.
It does make sense.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_00]
Well, one of the reasons I said that too, and I didn't finish, is Fauci is very smart.
I know him well.
He's very smart.
And I just can't believe that he didn't kind of understand, you know, the real origin of this virus and that there was an alternative reason why him and the scientific community in general ganged up against me when I suggested it came from the lab.
It was to protect gain of function research.
So let me just say, Steve, even more so, if this pandemic came from the lab,
What was society's response?
Society's response was going to be to restrict gain of function research.
But more importantly, society's response was we need to regulate science.
And science doesn't want to be regulated.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
So before Livio asks you a question, let me ask you one last question about Fauci.
Are you still in touch with him?

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, not as much as I used to be.
We're both on faculty now at Georgetown.
You know, maybe I interact with him once or twice a year.
I used to interact with him probably once or twice a month.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right.
Wow.

[SPEAKER_00]
I don't think he's a lot.
I mean, I hear he's disappointed in me, you know, because he feels I've been too critical of him.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_00]
You know, I think if you read my book, I wasn't very critical of him in the book.

[SPEAKER_03]
No, you weren't.
You were quite, you, you were quite, uh, uh, nice to him.
Uh, quite honestly, I was, I was surprised.
Um, you didn't say, I don't think you said a negative thing about him in, in your book.
I did.

[SPEAKER_00]
I intentionally did that.
I didn't see, it was sure.
I mean, to, you know, but I will, we're Tony and I disagreed.
I will say it.
And, and you know, I, I fought hard to convince the president, vice president that his fires came from the lab.
And he fought hard to convince people who came from nature.

[SPEAKER_03]
Now, so let me ask you this.
You know, I've spent the last year studying the check data.
I actually went blind while analyzing the check data, you know, lost vision in one of my eyes while staring at the check data spreadsheet.
So I know more about this check data than anybody else on the planet.
And it shows a very significant signal for the vaccine risk benefit.
Do you think that Tony Fauci would be open to seeing the check data and having me show him what the data shows?
Do you think he would be open to seeing the data?
Would you be able to get me a meeting with Tony Fauci?

[SPEAKER_00]
I don't know if I would be able to do it, but I do believe Fauci is at the end of the day
I still think he sees himself as a scientist and therefore would look at the data.
why he didn't see, you know, help me with the lab origin of the virus.
I mean, for me, I think a lot of that has to do, it gets very complicated, but I think it has to do with when Dick Cheney turned over the military's, uh, uh, bi-defense budget in 2002, turned it over, moved it out of the Army, Fort Detrick and moved it to NIH and put it under Fauci's direction.
So Tony was running also besides running in AID, he was running a $38, $40 billion defense budget, which was all classified.
And how much of Tony's reactions on the origin of the virus had to do with maybe some of his relationship with the classified arm of our government, I don't know.
But I do believe that there were a lot of people involved in this with the Wuhan lab,
that probably were deeply engaged in a lot of the classified aspects of our government.
So I think Fauci is a scientist.
I mean, I don't know.
I would suspect that if you could get him where he was not distracted, there's no media, and really had the data that he would at least look at it.
He's a smart guy.
And so, you know, the same thing I would argue, you and I've talked about, I think Marty McCurry is very similar.
I think if the key is to show the data, not to show the emotion of the data.

[SPEAKER_03]
Totally.
Oh, totally.
Well, let's see if we can make that happen.
So, Livio.

[SPEAKER_05]
I'm going to ask one question for myself before I get to the audience questions.
And we have a mutual friend, Dr. Redfield, Dr. Jordan Vaughn, who also treats long COVID.

[SPEAKER_00]
Why didn't you get him on the show?
He's much better than me.

[SPEAKER_03]
No, no, no, no.
No, yeah, you're this is I've done a lot of these shows.
This is the this is of all the shows.
This is my favorite show.

[SPEAKER_00]
He offered to come on.
I have a lot of respect for Jordan Vaughn.
I was actually on the phone with him today.
And last night, he was helping me with the patient.
He's taught me a lot.
I taught him a little.
And so go ahead.

[SPEAKER_05]
My question is, what is the three-prong question?
What kind of success are you having treating the vaccine injured?
Also, how do you differentiate for those that are long COVID and vaccinated?
How do you differentiate between long COVID and vaccine-injured?
And thirdly, do you ever think that there will be a code or a medical code for vaccine-injured?

[SPEAKER_00]
The last one, yes.
I think there will be a code.
It's complicated right now, but I do think Dr. Oz and CMS will get that code in play.
I can't imagine we'll be more within the next year we'll have that code.
Because right now, when I do try to code somebody for vaccine-injury, I have to do vaccine reaction.
you know, with the codes, right?
So we have to get that code in there.
Or so I think that the second part, you know, it's interesting because Dr. Vaughn, I'm trying to help him right now.
He has a diagnostic company, which he'd love to get Steve involved in.
But he has one of the areas we were just talking about into the goal was why not try to make a priority of developing a diagnostic test that can distinguish between vaccine injury and and long COVID.
Right because one of the and I think that probably is doable.
I do think there's some science has to you know come into it Right now the way I do it is first thing and foremost I take a lot of credibility with the history
you know when the patient tells me three weeks after a sec, two weeks after I got the second dose of Moderna, all these things starting happening.
I don't necessarily send them to a psychiatrist.

[SPEAKER_05]
Which many are recommended to do so.

[SPEAKER_00]
I go through and try to learn and you know now for the last four or five years this is all I've done.
I've seen so many of these cases now.
You know I can understand this and I know it's real.
Second thing I do is I do look at them immunologically.
And if they have antibody to spike protein, but no antibody nuclear capsid, that tells me that they haven't probably seen COVID naturally, that whatever they have is probably related to the vaccine.
Now, more of the patients that I have with vaccine injury have actually also had COVID.
So it really comes down to that history.
But pretty much people who have vaccine injury, it's usually mRNA vaccines.
I haven't seen it with the protein vaccine, but it's mRNA vaccines.
It's usually not the first vaccine.
It's usually the second or third vaccine, and it usually happens in two to four weeks after the second vaccine.
That's when the symptoms start.
That's sort of the history.
and then we go from there.
It's complicated.
I would say most of my patients with long COVID do get better over time.
Most of them, not all of them, but most of them.
But I will say the patients that have natural COVID, long COVID,
get better in, they may be 18 to 36 months.
My patients with vaccine injury seem to be more recalcitrant.
They're more like four, five, six years.
Wow.
It's a problem.
And it's really changed and ruined their lives.
This is why I'm a big advocate that I think we have to remove.
These people should have the right to seek compensation for their life because their life has been destroyed.

[SPEAKER_03]
totally.
So I'm curious, how many patients do you have who took at least two COVID shots and how many of those patients died that you think were due to the COVID shots?

[SPEAKER_00]
I don't have any deaths in my practice, remember, because
The way you would get to my practice is if you died, you wouldn't have gotten to my practice, right?
So of the patients that I have, I get after they've had several shots.

[SPEAKER_03]
Had the shots, okay.
So yeah, so you wouldn't begin before the shots.

[SPEAKER_00]
That's why the denominator is important.
I mean, you look at some studies and you've looked at some in some countries, you do look at the same thing that the Israelis have done.
You do look and to try to see in different age groups
whether the mortality rates have changed based on historical norms.
So I haven't seen that data.
I mean, we should have it by every age group.
You know, has there been any change in mortality, all cause mortality in children, say, in the age of five to 15, since we vaccinated?
I don't know the answer to that, but hopefully some FDA and others are going to go after that.
Because one thing CDC did have good data on.
It was just out of date, you know, it was usually one or two years behind.
But with our group and outside of Washington DC, we had a group that kind of managed all deaths.
That's just how we knew we knew there was a problem.
We looked at deaths that were occurring by different diseases, stroke, heart attack, whatever.
And I could see right away within the first year of the COVID pandemic, I had over 300,000 excess deaths.
So something was causing excess death, okay?
And so I do think looking at data, looking at excess deaths, particularly looking at different age groups, could give some information.
But I do think it would be extremely useful, two things.
One, to have a diagnostic, and I'm working with another company out in California that I think we have something that might be useful for being able to diagnose long COVID.
I think I told you maybe, I told you maybe it's not me if I did Steve, the story of a young woman, not so young, she's in her fifties, but she came to me very professional, very successful, got COVID and then got long COVID and her manifestation was cognitive dysfunction.
And it was so significant that she couldn't remember what words she wanted to speak after the third or fourth word.

[UNKNOWN]
Wow.

[SPEAKER_00]
So she could only speak in three to five word phrases and then she'd have to stop and regain her thoughts.
And so Joy, same name as my wife, Joy, I said, Joy, you're the sickest woman I've ever seen for cognitive dysfunction for COVID.
And Joy immediately burst out into tears and her friend was there.
It was very awkward.
And I said, I'll see you next week and we'll talk some more.
And I told my wife about it.
And my wife said, you know, she thought I had a better bedside manner.
And so when Joy came back, I said, Joy, I want to apologize first for telling you the truth because you are the sickest person I've ever seen for cognitive dysfunction.
But maybe I could have done it in a kinder way.
And she said in her own way, and it took about five minutes, you know, three words at a time.
Dr. Redfield, I didn't cry because you said I was the sickest person you've ever seen for cognitive dysfunction.
I cried because you're the first doctor that acknowledged I was sick.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_00]
And that's what most of these people with vaccine, you know, that is so awesome.
And it's so true though.
It's sad.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_00]
The people, you know, I think now the medical community finally accepts it.
Maybe long COVID is real, but there, but there's still a lot of people that are skeptical about vaccine injury.
I think Marty coming out with the FDA and talking about the children that died and, you know, he'll help people realize there is vaccine injury.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
And then it's okay to talk about it.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.
You don't get, you know, it's, it's, it's a real.

[SPEAKER_03]
You won't lose your, you won't lose your license for talking about it.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
I'm going to sneak one other personal question is in, in 2021, the CDC changed the definition of the vaccine from producing immunity from a disease versus protection.
Were you, were you part of that?
Why did that happen?

[SPEAKER_00]
No, I don't know if I was part of that.
I mean, clearly we never were protective.
You know, the vaccine, you got to remember, I was out of office January 20th.
Okay.
So for me, I was, I was going, we got the vaccine approved December 14th, and I was out of office four weeks later.
Um,
I think the reason may have been that CDC probably saw the data that the vaccine didn't prevent infection.
If you look at the data from all of the pivotal registrational trials, there was no evidence of prevented infection.
But there was evidence that it decreased hospitalization and death in a subgroup of individuals.
that were at risk for hospitalization of death.
And it's important as you go back to Steve, how he looks at data.
You know, if you looked at everybody, that might be one thing, but if you looked at the group that was over 65, that's another thing.
Because if we look at everybody, there's noise, okay?
And it may be, as you point out, Steve, that maybe in some of the groups that aren't at risk for hospitalization of death, there's more hospitalization of death related to the vaccine.
Whereas if you look at another group, over 65 to 90, where there's more hospitalization deaths from the virus.
So it's, how do you look at the different groups to see how this, and I don't pretend to know.
I just know that my own clinical experience with the nursing homes was when I had a lot of people dying in just January, February.
March, and I vaccinated, and I didn't have the deaths.
And then again, in May and June, I started having death again.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
It's so hard because COVID comes in waves, and then the waves coincided with the vaccination campaigns.
Yeah, that's not about it.

[SPEAKER_00]
I'm the waves, and it came in a lot of waves.
And the waves are very geographically specific, because whatever wave I have here is different than the wave I have down in Alabama.
You know, it's not like flu where it's all one synchronized wave.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yep.
By the way, we should have a, we should have a talk about flu because in your book, you talked about the flu vaccine.
There's some, did you know about the 2005 NIH study of flu?

[SPEAKER_00]
I don't know.
You have to tell me which one.

[SPEAKER_03]
I know a lot of them.
This is the one where they wanted to really find out whether the flu vaccine actually
reduces the risk of mortality.
And so the NIH spent a lot of people time to answer that question.
And they said they looked at it, you know, like 16 different ways.
And Cheryl Atkinson did a piece on CBS News about it.
She basically
They did the study.
They found out that the flu vaccine didn't do anything for mortality.
They said they looked at it like 16 different ways to try to find a benefit and they couldn't find it.
And they found out that other countries had the same sort of data that there was no benefit from the flu vaccine.
And the NIH prohibited
CBS news from talking to the researchers at the NIH about the study.
So, uh, Cheryl Atkinson had, had a talk, uh, Cheryl Atkinson had to talk to, there was only one guy on the paper who wasn't employed at the CDC and he talked to her on camera and he said, yeah, we, we, we couldn't find a benefit.
And then in 2020,
There's a guy, Anderson, who did this discontinuity study using data in the UK.
And he also confirmed that there was no benefit at all from the flu vaccine, no mortality benefit.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, I haven't seen either of them, but it doesn't surprise me.
I mean, the flu vaccine is not a very good vaccine, as you know.
I do think it's actually very dependent on the strain and the season, what's going on at the time.
When I was CDC director, I had more children die of flu the year before I became director than any other year in the history of the country.
The one thing these children had in common is their parents didn't vaccinate them.
But that's not to say that the vaccine would have prevented their deaths.
It's just an observation.
But the flu vaccines, this is why in my book for the next pandemic about bird flu, I wasn't happy when Biden decided to give $750 million to Moderna to make a
mRNA flu vaccine because it's not going to get us out of the game.
We need to develop antivirals that work.

[SPEAKER_03]
Totally.
Totally.
Yeah.
The flu data is quite interesting and it is not strain related.
It's not because they were just unlucky that year because this Anderson study went back, I think it was about 10 years
worth of data.
They had like 100 million people in that study over 10 years, and they found no signal whatsoever, so they confirmed what the NIH found.
It's a really interesting study I'll send it to you.

[SPEAKER_00]
It's unfortunate, but I do believe in my life and my life is getting pretty old.
I've seen this too often.
It's unfortunate that individuals that are involved in research and science have a greater reluctance to publish information that's not supportive of their hypothesis.
You know, it shouldn't be that way, but I will say my experience has been there is a tendency for people not to want to see data that doesn't support that.
I happen to like it.
You taught me something, but I would say abnormal.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
The Zervos study is like case in point, this Henry Ford health system, right?
Zervos did this study to challenge Del Bigtree.
Found out Bigtree was right.
And Zervos basically said, I'm not going to publish the study.
So now Nick Hulsher and some other people published a reanalysis of the study in the peer-reviewed literature and noted a six-time increase in autism-related disease if you were vaccinated by reanalyzing that data from the Zervos study from Henry Ford Health.
because they were afraid to publish it themselves.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.
Whether it's fear or just lack of intellectual honesty, I don't know what the answer is.
I've seen a lot of lack of intellectual honesty.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
I think it's a fear, fear of losing job and credibility and so forth, even though Zervos is essentially at the end of his career, not willing to buck the trend.

[SPEAKER_05]
Doesn't want to ruin the legacy.

[SPEAKER_03]
Nope.

[SPEAKER_05]
All right, I'm gonna get to some audience questions.
First one, Kim Biss, Dr. Kim Biss asks, what's Dr. Redfield's view on these vaccines in pregnant women?

[SPEAKER_00]
Well, when we say these vaccines, you're talking about COVID vaccines, I assume.

[SPEAKER_05]
I believe she's talking about the COVID vaccine.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, so for COVID vaccines, I really believe that in 2025, they really are vaccines that should be recommended and utilized in people that are over the age of 65.
And so by definition in my experience, they're not pregnant.
Okay.
Pretty good experience.
I don't recommend anymore the COVID vaccines for otherwise healthy adults under the age of 60.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
And after you see my data, you won't, I think you'll change your mind even on that recommendation.

[SPEAKER_00]
And when I say that to your friend who called, you know, I recognize that the American Academy of Obstetrics and Gynecology still recommend them.
I disagree.
I think CDC got it right in the last panel that they had of the ACIP before this one where they said that the COVID vaccine should be used for the vulnerable people over this age of 65 and did not recommend it for pregnancy.
That's kind of the camp I'm in right now.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, I was surprised.
I just met an OBGYN last week who said that pregnant women are recommended for vaccines, including the COVID vaccine.

[SPEAKER_03]
Crazy.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, that's true.

[SPEAKER_00]
I think that's the general consensus of actively practicing OBGYN positions in our country, because it's also the position of the American Academy of Obstetrics and Gynecology.
That's their position.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, I would love to have it.

[SPEAKER_00]
If you think they're incorrect.
Right, right.
That's their position.
I was going to say they've got it now, and I'm not part of it, but they've gotten a ton of ex-CDC directors and public health leaders to sign letters that they've published in some of the medical journals that say, you know, they need to ignore CDC's recommendations that don't recommend these vaccines for pregnancies in children because, you know, the American Academy of Pediatrics and Obesities, they should be, and they agree they should be, so, you know, so ignore them.
No, I think CDC got it right this time.

[SPEAKER_03]
I think the tell is that none of these organizations which have their opinions will ever agree to any kind of public debate with anyone who is capable of challenging them.
Like I would like to see a Peter McCullough challenge to any of these guys, any of these organizations.
And they just won't stand for it.
They will not agree to have a public, just an open public discussion.
on whether their recommendations are correct or incorrect.
They basically, it's like, here's our decision and we will not be challenged.
They will not open themselves up.
Have you ever seen any of these organizations to have these recommendations allow themselves to be, allow an open public discussion on their recommendations?

[SPEAKER_00]
That's why Steve, I said earlier, maybe you'll accomplish this.
Nobody wants to go debate this issue.
But if we could get different opinioned people to come together to have a discussion, all right, because the word debate, you know, it's sort of like in your face, you know, it's an attack dog, right?
And, you know, but if we could just have an honest discussion, you know, if you could get five people, six people, seven people that had different points of view to actually sit down for three hours and have a discussion.
We may make progress.
I agree with you.
People would see where their biases really are.
I really appreciate your point of view on that.
Could you highlight for me the data that supports that recommendation?
Not aggressive, just, hey, I really appreciate what you said, and I really thought about it, but it would help me.
Can you highlight the data that did that?
As opposed to you dumb idiot, why did you make that recommendation?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
100%.
Maybe we can call it a forum, Steve.
We can have a forum for discussion.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
Yeah.
By the way, the reason that I use the debate term is because I've offered to have a discussion with these people and they never respond.
So the next option is, okay, here's a million dollar prize if you win the debate, you know, thinking that that would help bring them to the table.
We just lost.
Looks like we just lost him.

[SPEAKER_05]
So I'm not sure if he will come back.
Let's give him a few minutes.
But he's been incredibly generous with his time.
Totally.
And yeah, it's been great.
Yeah, and I have some more good audience questions.
But not sure if, and I wanted to plug his book again.

[SPEAKER_03]
It'd be really interesting if he can set me up to have a one-on-one with Tony Fauci.
Man, that would be pretty spectacular.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, I wouldn't hold my breath.

[SPEAKER_03]
I'm not holding my breath on it.
I'm not holding my breath on it, but you know, those kinds of things should be game-changed.
Fauci's a true scientist, as Dr. Redfield says.
Fauci should have no problem.
In fact, he should welcome it.
Let's set the record straight.
If I'm wrong, great.
If he's wrong, let's find out who's right here.
There's way too much risk for him.
Oh, yeah.
No kidding.
But you see, it shouldn't be a risk for him.
It should be, okay, I respect the work that you've done.
Look, you made a mistake in equation 13.
It should have been a minus sign, not a plus sign.
And I say, oh my gosh, you're right.
You were right all along.
It's an opportunity to, but I agree with what you said.
He has incredible risk in talking to me, but he shouldn't look at it that way.
He should look at it as, wow, it's better late than never to be corrected and it's much better to be open to being wrong than to just be steadfast in an incorrect belief.
And I think people would respect him more if he were to admit he was wrong, if he indeed is wrong, which
is yet to be seen, but let's see what the discussion yields.
But not having the discussion is not, I think, a sign of strength.
I think it's a big sign of weakness that he is unwilling to have such a discussion, because he shouldn't be afraid of the data.
That's the thing.
He shouldn't be afraid of talking about the data.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, based on his position on gain of function and going against Redfield recommendation.
I'm not holding my breath.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, I don't think he's going to come back.
So I'm going to go ahead and just share the book title with our audience.
Redfield's warning what I learned, but could tell you might save your life.
And that's the cover of the book right there.
by Dr. Robert R. Redfield, former CDC director, who was our guest this evening, and that was an all-time great conversation.
So I'm just gonna proceed, Steve, with the end of the show, because yeah, I don't...

[SPEAKER_03]
I'm not seeing any text or anything from him, so.

[SPEAKER_05]
So I don't think he's gonna make it back, but he was extremely generous, like I said.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, yeah, it was awesome.

[SPEAKER_05]
Totally.
Before I sign off, there's a few things that I want to share.
Number one, let me just share my screen on this one, which is our donate slide.
I want to share this because obviously VSRF needs your support going into 2026.
We are a small grassroots nonprofit and everything we do happens because of this community.
and your support and your engagement and your commitment to truth.
And as we move through the holiday season and as we look ahead to 2026, your involvement means more than ever.
You're the reason we can stay independent.
You're the reason.
We can continue having these conversations week after week that so many families depend on.
If you'd like to help us keep this work going strong, please consider making a year-end donation at vaxsafety.org backslash donate or simply text VSRF 253555.
Every contribution, large or small, truly makes a difference.
If you're here on Rumble, if you're out there on X, if you're watching a replay, wherever you are,
any contribution will help and thank you for standing with us and being part of this growing movement.
And then also I want to announce next week's show.
We have another really great show next week.
Where's the card?
If I can get it back up.
We'll be joined by Gavin DeBekker whose new book Forbidden Facts lays out his research into vaccine injuries and the ways he believes public health messaging has been manipulated.
Gavin's work challenges mainstream narratives and brings forward data
He believes every parent should see.
You won't want to miss this episode next week.
And before we close out, Steve, we're going to close out with a clip from Fox News on the emergence of a proposed get this, fentanyl vaccine.
with serious implications for public health policy and personal medical freedom.
It's important to remember that opioids are sometimes medically necessary.
Patients rely on them for surgery, trauma care, and severe acute pain.
any intervention that could block their effectiveness raises serious concern.
So we'll stay on top of this, but I caught wind of this story that they're developing.
And it's not just fentanyl, it's other opioids, but a vaccine.
And it's, as you'll see in the clip, it's, well, the clip will speak for itself, but they're making a vaccine for everything these days, Steve.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, so what's next?
Well, thank you again, Steve, for a great interview.
You did a fantastic job.
I want to thank everyone out there who's with us for this marathon episode and who's donated tonight.
Really appreciate your support and look forward to seeing you, Steve, next week and seeing all of you back in the chat next week.
I appreciate all the great comments.
And Steve, have a great night.
Check out this clip.
Everyone else have a great night.
See you next week.

[SPEAKER_02]
Now this, OVAC's chief executive officer and the co-founder of the company, Colin Gage, he was on this program last year.
He told us about the company's fentanyl vaccine.
Ah, watch this.

[SPEAKER_04]
Unfortunately, so I had two friends, two childhood friends who passed away.
And that inspired just taking a different view here.
Whereas everything on the market to date has been reactive.
We always react to overdose.
I think we need to flip that paradigm.
We need to be proactive.
We need to prevent overdose, not react to overdose.
So far in animals, it's shown very robust efficacy.
And now we need to translate that into humans.
That starts in 2025.

[SPEAKER_02]
One year later, Colin Gage is back and is with me here on set in New York City.
Your vaccine is set to start, I think, clinical trials that will be next month, December.
What progress can you report over the past year?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, so thanks for having me back on.
We've since changed the name to Armor Sciences because we're really focused on providing armor to every citizen around the nation, starting with military and first responders.
So, you know, the progress over the last year has been tremendous.
We've seen this immunotherapy block 98% of fentanyl from reaching the brain in animals, which is almost a complete blockade.
The downstream effects of that are a 100% elimination of the addictive behavioral effects.
which means this could really be a game changer for all those out there suffering from opioid use disorder, but also the inadvertent exposures, you know, the teenagers, college students that are taking what they believe to be something else and being poisoned by fentanyl.

[SPEAKER_02]
Now, the clinical trials are next month, December.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, so we plan to start either next month or at the latest January or February.

[SPEAKER_02]
Are there tests on humans?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, testing humans, normal healthy volunteers.
How do you do that?
It's a good question, yeah.
I mean, do you give them some fentanyl and vaccinate them?
Well, we do have to see the effects of our immunotherapy against fentanyl.
So yeah, we are going to be administering fentanyl.
It's done by highly trained anesthesiologists in a medical setting, of course.
Sure.
And we will, you know, obviously have
currently available treatments on hand in case anything goes wrong, but we're very optimistic about the safety and efficacy of our formulation.

[SPEAKER_02]
How soon do we when it's deployed in society?

[SPEAKER_04]
There are a lot of avenues that this could take.
Obviously, it's no secret that President Trump is doing more than any other sitting president in history, especially when it comes to the fentanyl crisis.
This could be potentially on the market within two to three years, three to five years.
It depends on many different regulatory hurdles that we have to go through.
But I think this president is very much behind ending the fentanyl crisis and taking any means necessary to do so.
The company's called OVAX, right?

[SPEAKER_02]
I'm sorry, now it's armor science.

[SPEAKER_04]
Now it's armor science.
Where are you getting your money from?
Good question.
So we've primarily been funded, actually, our research was funded by the Department of War originally, which is fantastic.
They supported us due to fentanyl being a potential chemical threat, and really it is a national security crisis that we're dealing with on our soil.
One of our advisors, Derek Malts, is the former acting director of the DEA.
I mean, he calls this a weapon of mass destruction.
Others in his network call it a weapon of mass destruction.
And I don't think it's far from it.
I mean, there's no secret that this is really being done on purpose to the United States.
We're not losing hundreds of thousands of innocent lives by accident.
This is war in America.

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, Colin Gage, we wish you the best of luck with the clinical trials next month.
And come back and see us again and see how you're doing.
Thank you so much.
Appreciate it.
