[SPEAKER_03]
brain dead and asleep You want us trapped while you all laugh behind the scenes You want us sick, you think we're dumb You want us blind, then you want us drugged You want us poor while you get more of everything But you don't get to tell me what to think and what to do No, you don't get to tell me what is true
Liars, cheats, and crooks Change the rules and you burn the books And so I don't believe a single word you say You're all liars, fakes, and cunts Want you out and we want you gone So don't believe this time you'll get away You want us tricked, you want us numb You want us scared and you want us stumped You want us shot and you want us barred In every way
You want our minds, you want our time You want us framed up in your crimes I hope you know that it's time to go Then we'll take your names Cause you don't get to tell us what to think and what to do No, you don't get to tell us what is true You're just liars, cheats and crooks Change the rules and you burn the books And so we don't believe a single word you say
So don't believe this time you'll get away.
Cause we see la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, all your lies.
La, la, la, la, la, all your lies.
You don't get to tell us what to think and what to do.
Tell us what to think
Cheats and crooks change the rules and you burn the books And so we don't believe a single word you say You're all liars, fakes and cunts Watch you out and we want you gone So don't believe this time you'll get away Cause we see lies
Now all the lights Look, we're just lights Cheeks and eyes

[SPEAKER_02]
Tonight on VSRF Live, investigative researcher and health freedom activist Alex Meyer shares her analysis of the 2025 West Texas measles story and the unanswered questions she believes the public deserves to see.

[SPEAKER_10]
Did you know that in 2019 in Oregon, there was a fake measles outbreak?
Literally a whistleblower found memos of the state of Oregon collaborating with a PR firm to fake a measles outbreak so they could pass legislation the next month to take vaccination rights away from parents.
Do you know they use the same playbook in California?
Back in 2014 we had a measles outbreak in Disneyland and guess what happened in January 2015?
A bill to take vaccination rights away from parents and it passed.
Ever since then, we have not had the right to make vaccine decisions for our children if they go to school in California.

[SPEAKER_02]
Good evening, everyone, and welcome to another episode of VSRF Live.
I'm your host, Livio Sanchez, and I'm so glad you're here with us this evening.
Tonight, we're taking a closer look at the West Texas measles outbreak, one of the biggest health stories of 2025.
Our guest tonight has gone much deeper, asking the tough questions and connecting dots the media chooses to ignore.
Joining us is Alex Meyer, chairman of the Free Now Foundation,
former president of the California chapter of Children's Health Defense, and a longtime health freedom researcher.
Alex has been mapping out the timeline, reviewing hospital records, and analyzing how this story was spun politically, all unfolding right in the middle of RFK Jr.'s appointment as secretary of HHS.
She'll walk us through her findings this evening.
But before we get into all of that, a quick reminder about our raffle.
Let me get this up on the screen here.
This is your last week to get tickets because next week we'll be giving away the Super Palm 1050, a handheld therapeutic light device from SunPower LED created by photo medicine pioneer Tom Kerber.
It helps with pain, inflammation, arthritis, neuropathy, even sleep issues.
Normally it sells for $1,900, but one of you can take it home for just a $10 ticket.
The more tickets you buy, the better your chances.
And every dollar raised goes right back into supporting the work we do here at VSRF.
So don't wait.
The raffle closes at midnight Eastern Standard Time, September 3rd.
That's next Wednesday night at midnight.
And then we'll announce the winner live on next week's show.
So get your raffle ticket as soon as possible and we'll announce the winner next week.
Now, I think I'm gonna introduce the founder of Vaccine Safety Research, and I say that because he just slid into the studio.
Steve, are you ready?

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, I'm close to ready.
I just got into my Tahoe house and my camera's settings have been reset, so I'm overexposed.
But other than that, I'm good.
How are you?

[SPEAKER_02]
I'm doing very well.
I've been watching the news the last 24 to 48 hours and there's so much happening that I thought I would quickly get your take on so many different things.
The first one being the ousting of Susan Monarez.
I'm not sure exactly how to say it.
And she's been ousted and the EUA
Yeah, emergency use authorization has been removed.
So those are two big ones right there.
And I want to get your take is that that's a step in the right direction.

[SPEAKER_14]
Uh, absolutely.
No, no question about it.
Like I'm thrilled.
I couldn't, I could be happier if they, if they stopped all the, the, um, the mRNA shots completely, but this is a good step in the right direction.

[SPEAKER_02]
Right.
And it's taking steps.
Cause again, he's battling a juggernaut, the pharmaceutical industrial complex.
And you know, it's David against Goliath and right now.
Um, I'm pretty, um, I'm just watching.
It's really interesting to see all this unfold.

[SPEAKER_14]
Uh, absolutely.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_02]
I'm a little dark now, so let's, uh, hopefully lost a little light on you.
I wanted to get an update from you if you have one on tooth.
Well, one is the bet that you've been, that you've had all year long.
Uh, do you have any updated information on how that's going?

[SPEAKER_14]
Uh, yeah, we, we keep meeting with the, with the judges.
And, uh, so each meeting we, we learn a little bit more and, um, you know, so I'm learning about what he, uh, how he thinks he can debunk my stuff.
Uh, and so I apply his, uh, his methodology to the data and I find that it's, she's full of shit.
So.

[SPEAKER_02]
Right.

[SPEAKER_14]
Which, you know, but, but, but, you know, I talked to the judges.
I said, look, you know, if you use ASMR and, and CMR to, uh, to compare, you get two different, uh, numbers.
They're different.
And the judge says, what's ASMR?
And I'm going like, Whoa.
Oh my God.
This is, that's, that's not a good sign.
I mean, you want people who know what the, uh, uh,
No, no, the topic area.

[SPEAKER_02]
And are you able to explain those things to the?
Okay, well, that's, that's good.

[SPEAKER_14]
But the fact that I need to do that, that's not a good sign.

[SPEAKER_02]
No, no.
Well, any any date on the final decision?
I'll give it a month plus or minus.
A month plus or minus.
Okay.
Well, that'll lead us into the other thing that I wanted to just remind people of, which is happening next month, and that's the vaccine debate.
For those of you in New York City or the surrounding area, mark your calendars for September 13th.
That's when Dr. Pierre Khoury and Steve Kirsch will be going head to head in a debate against debunk the funks, Dr. Dan Wilson and professor, and I say that with air quotes, Dave Farina.
It's going to be a lively debate.
You won't want to miss it.
Tickets are still available, but they're going fast.
Janet will drop the link in the chat.
So grab yours now.
And I'll be there too and I'd love the chance to meet whoever comes in person and that's going to be a really, really fun and lively evening I would imagine.
Any thoughts to share about that oncoming debate?
I'm sure you've got so much data, so much ammunition, although these guys are experts at just sort of ignoring all the information that's presented to them.

[SPEAKER_14]
Well, I'm looking forward to being educated.
I'm not easily gaslit.
So, and I'll do my part to try to have them explain to me how we got it wrong.

[SPEAKER_02]
Excellent.
We're all open.
We're all ears.
I'm sure you and Pierre will be.
And we're going to have Pierre the Thursday before the show to give us a little quick preview, the Thursday before the 13th.
So stay tuned and again, join us if you can in New York City in the Bronx.
All right.
I'm going to move on and bring on our special guest this evening, Alex Meyer.
Welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_10]
Thank you, Livio.
It's my pleasure to be here and I can't wait to share my new stuff.
And part of it's done to help Steve with his upcoming debate.
And part of it is to show this narrative about how the measles was used to manipulate a phrase out of RFK Jr.'s mouth.

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, we're so excited to have you and so excited for the presentation that you're going to share with us tonight and thankful that you customized it for us and to help Steve as well.
I'm going to read your bio before I send you off with Steve.
Alex Meyer back in 1996 was leading a worldwide research group at Apple when she received six vaccines for a vacation.
That decision left her disabled and brain injured, costing her career.
But through years of recovery,
She transformed that experience into purpose.
Today, Alex is the board chair and president of the Free Now Foundation, California's leading medical freedom law nonprofit.
She's also a sought after speaker known for her dynamic presentations on everything from real ID
and medical freedom to the political spin behind the recent measles outbreak.
Alex has been a leader in this movement for many years.
She previously served on the Children's Health Defense Board, co-founded and chaired CHD's most successful California chapter, helping raise over $5 million.
and she played a key role on RFK Junior's Presidential Campaign Finance Committee.
She's the recipient of the Golden Bear Award.
Her interviews have been highlighted as best of conversations by leaders like Dr. Mercola, and her work continues to inspire thousands, and it's a real honor to have you with us tonight.
Now, before I send you off with Steve, there's a couple things I want to say.
If you have questions, we will have Q&A after the interview.
And if you can put your questions, all caps, in the chat, Janet will get them to me and I'll ask and we'll get as many answered as possible at the end of the show.
And also, before we start, Steve, I found this video from Susan Monarez's confirmation hearing.
And I thought I'd share this before you get started because it has to do with measles and she's getting questioned about Bobby's take on measles.
So let me play this video before we start.
Here it comes.

[SPEAKER_09]
Critical role of the CDC director is to help protect children from lethal infectious diseases.
critical role of the CDC director is to help protect children from lethal infectious diseases.
The CDC director can't perform this critical role unless they are politically independent, which means that you must be willing to disagree with political leaders based on scientific evidence.
So is there anything that you disagree with Secretary Kennedy about?

[SPEAKER_05]
If I'm confirmed as CDC director, I look forward to having technical discussions with the secretary.
He has said he values and prioritizes independent thinking and using science to drive decision making.
I am an independent thinker and I am a scientist, and I will welcome the opportunity to share my opinions based on science and evidence with him as he makes some of these very difficult decisions.

[SPEAKER_09]
Is there anything you disagree with him about?

[SPEAKER_05]
So look, if I'm confirmed as a CDC director, I look forward to supporting the secretary with science and evidence and making sure that I am giving him the best information possible to help support some of these critical decisions that he's making.

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, let's go to some specifics then.
When you were acting director of the CDC, Secretary Kennedy stated, quote, it's very, very difficult for measles to kill a healthy person, close quote.
Do you have any scientific concerns about Secretary Kennedy's statement?

[SPEAKER_05]
So, so measles is an important public health threat, and we have to make sure that we are doing everything that we can to prevent and mitigate this.

[SPEAKER_09]
Do you have any concerns about a statement?
Didn't a child die from measles while you were acting CDC director?

[SPEAKER_05]
Measles can be lethal.
We know from historical data that in populations, unvaccinated populations, that one in a thousand...

[SPEAKER_09]
Right, so excuse me for interrupting, but I have limited time.
So when the Secretary said it's very, very difficult for measles to kill a healthy person, no concerns from you about that?

[SPEAKER_05]
So look, we know that measles can be fatal in one in a thousand individuals.
And look, these are very critical issues that we need to be able to.

[SPEAKER_09]
Right, which is why you're being able to independently state in public that you differ with the secretary is a really, really important thing.
And right now you're showing a real reluctance to do this.

[SPEAKER_02]
In your life, Steve.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, so she didn't answer the question that she was asked and kept giving non-answers.
She supported the mRNA shots and she supports vaccination.
So I'm happy to get rid of her.
I mean, people need to look at the science and look at the data and not believe the bullshit.
And so I just think this phenomenal opportunity to nominate someone who will actually follow the
the science and the data and actually look at the data and create transparency around the data so that everybody knows what's going on rather than keeping the data hidden.
What's going on?
What's happening here?
It looks like, I don't know.
Can you hear me?
Yeah.
You guys are live.
Okay.
Oh, so you're, you're sick.
Uh, I missed the transition there.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
Sorry about that.
I just put you guys on the screen and, and, and vanished, but take it away, Steve.

[SPEAKER_14]
So Alex.
Yes, Steve.
Happy to be here.
Good.
Good to have you here.
So.
What have you got to tell us about measles?
And before you do that, just let me say that, you know, people think that they blame RFK for causing the measles outbreak by encouraging vaccine hesitancy.
And I wrote a sub stack because I did the math on that one.
And if you're above the threshold in terms of the claim threshold for herd immunity,
And you're above that, no problem.
Kennedy can't move the needle in the amount of time that he's been in office.
It is mathematically impossible.
If he convinced everyone in the entire United States of America not to vaccinate their kids, it wouldn't move the needle anywhere.

[SPEAKER_10]
That's a fantastic point.
I've got more data to support that as well.

[SPEAKER_14]
So this, you know, finger pointing and saying, oh, these kids are dying, that's Kennedy's fault.
Okay, so like one kid died or two kid died, and they probably didn't die from measles, first of all.
And why are we so concerned about one or two deaths when the COVID vaccines have killed hundreds of thousands of people in the United States?
And nobody's asking any questions about that.

[SPEAKER_10]
That's right.
That's right.
They're not they're not and I'm going to I'm going to show the measles vaccine deaths versus death from measles over time.
Also, and that's me.
Very enlightening for people as well.
It's every medical intervention is a cost benefit.

[SPEAKER_14]
All right, we'll take it away.

[SPEAKER_10]
Okay, well, Livio is going to start my slideshow and.
I'm going to just give you a general overview of what I'm doing here.
There's a lot of people who question measles vaccination rates and if there are quote unquote infectious pockets or if the United States vaccination rate isn't quite high enough to eradicate measles.
And that's actually the wrong term.
The term is elimination.
And I'm going to show you exactly what elimination means.
It doesn't mean zero cases per year.
I've got some global data to put the US numbers in perspective.
And then I'm going to jump into what happened with the measles outbreak in the beginning of this year and show you what happened with that play by play with the timeline of what was going on with Kennedy at the time.
And it's all circumstantial evidence, but it knocked my socks off.
So I want to see what everybody else thinks.
So I call this presentation, this measles, what we are not being told about the West Texas deaths, but there's a little bit of a preamble before that because I've gotten a lot of questions, including some questions last night that led to some good last minute slides.
So let's go to the next slide.
This is my foundation.
This is Free Now Foundation.
We're the leading medical freedom law nonprofit in California.
And one of our biggest lawsuits right now is one that's called the due process lawsuit.
And a win in that lawsuit would mean the end of vaccine mandates because it would remove this old case from 1905 called Jacobson, which judges have been using to justify mandates.
And we think if we need to, that case is going to go to the Supreme Court.
So watch us.
Just see what we do.
Let's go to the next slide.
I talk about vaccines all the time, so this is a cartoon of my kidnappers returning me after listening to me talk about vaccines for five hours.
Just like to keep things kind of light and entertaining.
Let's go to the next slide.
I have a big thank you to everybody who's been investigating these measles cases in West Texas.
Dr. James Lyons-Wyler, I'll pull in some unique information that I asked him to do.
At a certain point in this presentation, Polly Tommy from Children's Health Defense, Dr. Brian Hooker, also from Children's Health Defense, Mickey Willis, Levi Quackenbos, who does a lot of writing for Free Now Foundation Now, Dr. Pierre Khoury, Robert Malone, and many others for investigating this measles because this measles is different than measles of the past.
Let's go to the next slide.
So let's take a little step back and in the measles culture of the 1950s and 1960s next slide.
I do my presentations with this doll.
I do these measles presentations with Mary Bell.
She was a madam Alexander doll from the 1950s and she's the doll who gets well.
She comes with.
crutches, she comes with a cast and she gets well from that.
She comes with bandages and she gets well from cuts and scrapes.
She also comes with these measles spots because she gets well.
You can put the measles spots on her and then when she gets better you take the measles spots off because she gets well just like most kids who got measles in the 50s got well.
So let's put her to the side.
Let's go move forward to the sixties to the Brady Bunch.
And this is 1969.
This is actually six years after the measles vaccine was introduced.
And here's Marcia Brady, the oldest girl in the bunch.
I mean, this was the ultimate social engineering program.
Right.
I loved it.
I felt like they were my second family, but it was all about how to be a good parent, how to be a good kid, how to be a good citizen.
And here they are teaching everybody about measles.
And they say here with one of the main characters, she says, if you have to get sick, you sure can't beat the measles.
And then it cuts to all the kids playing Monopoly on the bed of one of the kids in the bedroom, and they're all happy.
So it really wasn't a big deal in the 60s either.
So let's move on and see what happens after this.
As I said, 3 years prior to that Brady bunch episode, the measles vaccine was introduced and I want you to take a look at this chart.
You probably can't see my cursor, but.
You can see on the left hand side, it's deaths per 100,000 people.
If you go over here to 1963, when the measles vaccine was introduced, thanks.
Right?
Yeah, under that arrow.
Um, you can actually see that it's 0.25 per 100,000.
In other words, the death rate before the measles vaccine came in was one in 400,000.
Now, if you're going to develop a vaccine,
You don't really care about people getting sick and recovering.
You care about people dying.
And so to me, this would be the only thing that matters if I'm going to be inventing a vaccine that would potentially have side effects.
So it was really one in 400,000.
And this is from the Bureau of Vital Statistics of the United States and a few other sources.
And this was generated by Roman Bistriank and Suzanne Humphreys in their book called Dissolving Illusions.
We owe them a big debt of gratitude for all the research they did on measles and other conditions in that book.
So let's go forward.
So really interesting, also at this time in the 1960s, there's a guy named Alexander Langmuir, and he was the chief epidemiologist at the CDC.
He, it turns out, is the founder of CDC's Epidemic Intelligence Services, otherwise known as CDC-EIS.
And you know what that is?
People call that the CIA of the CDC.
Okay?
So this is all the stuff that goes on behind the scenes.
All the agendas start here in Langmuir's group.
And in the 1960s, he was the chief promoter of the measles vaccine.
And there's this article that he wrote.
It's called The Importance of Measles as a Health Problem.
And he said in this article, to those who asked me,
Why do you wish to eradicate measles?
I replied with the same answer that Hillary used when asked why he wished to climb Mount Everest.
He said, because it is there.
To this may be added and it can be done.
Now, why would the guy in charge of promoting the measles vaccine not have a stronger statement about saving lives at the time?
Well, the fact is that it only killed one in 400,000 people in the United States at the time.
So he couldn't say anything about saving lives because it really
There's no case for a vaccine if the death rate is as low as it was at that time.
So he just said, because it's there.
So that gives you an indication of the attitude toward measles at the time.
Let's go to the next slide.
This guy is David Edmondson.
And if some of you remember, the first measles vaccine was called the Edmondson vaccine.
Enders was the developer of the vaccine.
And Edmondson is this prep school guy whose blood was used to develop
The measles vaccine.
Now, when I first found him on YouTube, there's a much longer interview.
That's been memory hold.
I talked about it publicly.
Now it's gone.
And when you don't ask him a leading question about why he gave his blood for the measles thing, he just said, you know, he thought it was a good thing to do.
He didn't mention deaths.
He didn't mention his family being really sick.
He didn't mention anything like that.
And this more scripted interview where he's prompted with a very leading question, this is the only thing that's left.
The interviewer says, how did it feel to know your blood was used by Enders to develop the measles vaccine that saved millions of lives?
And obviously, that's not the case because we know the death rate before the vaccine was one in 400,000 in the United States.
And his response is simply, I'm very happy to know that.
I feel very warm towards society.
Again,
No indication that he was saving lives or saving people from this horrific illness.
He was just happy to know that he could be helpful.
So just really different attitude about measles at the time of the vaccine.
So let's go to the next slide.
So, this slide is a little bit too much data on it.
I apologize, but I did summarize some of the issues with the measles vaccine.
Those are documented in studies and this again, I leaned heavily on dissolving illusions, Suzanne Humphrey's book.
So, let me just talk quickly about the original measles vaccine.
The original measles vaccine actually had aluminum.
And it caused pneumonia and encephalitis.
Sorry, encephalopathy, which is brain damage.
This is actually a side effect that I had in the 1990s as an adult when I got six children's vaccines.
I got encephalitis and encephalopathy.
The measles vaccine was not one of the ones I got, but it is a side effect of measles vaccination.
So we actually created this problem with pneumonia and encephalitis by introducing the measles vaccine.
which is very counterintuitive.
And then there's something called atypical measles.
It's a more serious disease than the measles, but if you were vaccinated and you got the measles infection, you had a higher and more prolonged fever.
Sometimes people had unusual skin lesions and sometimes they had severe pneumonia.
And now today one in a thousand people will get pneumonia with the measles.
No, it's 1 in 1000 will get encephalitis with measles.
Maybe that's because of this thing that Suzanne Humphries calls original antigenic sin.
Maybe that's the condition they're predisposed to because of having been vaccinated for the measles.
And then 1 in 20 these days do get a secondary pneumonia and we'll get into that later with 1 of these girls in West Texas.
Now, they also found an almost 4 times risk of in slap encephalopathy and another study again that's brain damage and this is among a large group of British children in the 1970s.
This is a very good case control study.
And today's vaccine is a highly attenuated MMR vaccine.
That just means that it's been passage through cells many times to quote unquote weaken it.
And I think it's also attenuated this one.
I think it's attenuated also with formaldehyde or mercury, but then that's supposedly filtered out.
And it leads to a septic meningitis.
There's a risk of that.
And there's also evidence of incomplete clearance of the measles after vaccination.
And so that can lead to this condition documented by Andrew Wakefield and his colleagues called ileocolitis, a very specific condition of the bowel in children who've had the MMR typically.
And then another guy named Kawashima in 2000 and 1996 found measles virus in mononuclear cells and an autoimmune hepatitis where they shouldn't be.
So there's this idea of the incomplete clearance of the measles virus
And I surmise that that might lead to some of these bad outcomes when a vaccinated person gets measles, then maybe that's why they have a higher risk of encephalitis these days and a higher risk of a secondary pneumonia infection.
I don't know.
There's no studies on that that I'm aware of at this point, but this slide just shows you there are safety problems that were introduced with the vaccine.
So let's go to the next slide.
So then there's this other problem.
This is the big elephant in the room for people trying to argue that we need to get to herd immunity.
Well, it's impossible.
There's something called waning immunity, which is also called secondary vaccine failure.
And here are some studies that were done in the 80s, 90s, and early 2000s.
1984, they found that measles can occur with a vaccination level of 100% in a school population.
They found in 1989 and 1991, 20 to 40% of those cases were among those who had one to two doses of measles.
And that was a year we had 123 deaths from measles in those three years.
And I'm going to show you that in a little bit.
1994 outbreak developed in a school population that was 98% vaccinated.
So this vaccine isn't showing the protection they thought it would, and they had to go up from one dose to two doses to try to remedy that, but that doesn't really work.
That just gets people, that just the second dose of measles, it's called a booster, but it's really not a booster.
It's a revaccination for maybe, I think it's about 5% of kids who don't mount the seroprotective level of antibodies.
And then their vaccine, their antibody rate goes level goes up and then within a year, it comes back down to where it was before they got that quote unquote booster.
So there's a real problem here with the measles vaccine and boosting and then finally in 2005 to 2011.
almost 20% of those cases were among people who had one to two doses of measles vaccine.
So we're finding it's not protective or not as protective as we thought.
So, and a lot of these studies are by a guy named Gregory Poland.
So let me introduce you to him on the next slide.
He looks like a really nice guy, honestly, has a great smile.
He was a vaccinologist at the Mayo Clinic and now he's emeritus.
But what a great smile.
I mean, that looks like a guy I'd like to be friends with, and he was really interested in this issue of waning immunity.
He's now working at a private company at the moment.
But let's go to the next slide because here's one of the studies he did.
And at first, I'm going to have to explain two terms before we go into the results of this study because it's very damning.
He was trying to solve the issue of waning immunity with measles vaccines.
So.
First of all, I want to just introduce these 2 vocabulary terms.
I mentioned 1 already called 0 protection 0 protection means you have an antibody level in your blood that is sufficient to confer immunity.
And then zero prevalence is a much lower bar that just says, do you have any measles antibodies?
Does it look like you've ever been exposed to the measles or does it look like you ever had the measles vaccine?
So that's a much lower bar.
So let's go look at his study that's based on the lower bar of zero prevalence.
Thanks for that, Livia.
So here's his study on waning immunity.
It's called zero prevalence of measles antibodies in a highly vaccinated population.
And so he found in this highly vaccinated population of almost 1400 people, age 20 to 44.
So not that far out of when they had measles vaccination, because a lot of these people got a third
before they went to college, right?
So most of these people were probably pretty recently vaccinated and his results show that a non-trivial portion of 37.6% study subjects were negative for measles antibodies.
This is just seroprevalence.
Just put another way, almost 40% of people in this highly vaccinated population showed that they'd never been exposed to measles and never had had a measles vaccine based on antibodies.
So this is really bad.
And remember that the higher bar is actually seroprotection, but this study doesn't report seroprotection for some reason, I would guess.
That the zero protection percentage in this population is probably far less than 50%.
So this is really, really bad news for pro vaccine people and for the efficacy of the measles vaccine.
Let's go to the next slide.
Um, so this is a, this is a slide from the West Texas cases and I just want to show you that it's always, you know, we were talking about blaming Bobby for everything earlier.
Well, this is always the game is always blame the unvaccinated, but in the West Texas cases,
So we already showed the waning immunity, right?
So we already know that the vaccinated people can get and spread measles infection probably just as often as a vaccinated person.
But here in West Texas, they report the unknown vaccination status people along with the unvaccinated.

[SPEAKER_14]
Well, let me tell you something.
Why would they do that, Alex?
That doesn't seem very honest to me.

[SPEAKER_10]
I know, but you know, it's so convenient in West Texas because this is a Mennonite population and they don't really go to the doctor and they don't have electronic medical records and they might not even have a vaccination card.
So it was really easy to say that, oh, this population is super unvaccinated because we don't know their status because they don't have it.

[SPEAKER_14]
It should be super unknown.

[SPEAKER_10]
It should be super unknown.
They should be separate categories, but they will not report it that way.

[SPEAKER_14]
So we have this- Now, wait a minute.
They will not report it that way.
Why won't they report it that way?
I mean, that would be the honest thing to do.
And we all know how trustable our health officials are because they're health officials.
They're the most trusted people in our country.
So why would they not?
Show the categories is distinct.
I mean, it makes a big difference.
If the unknowns are 99% of the of the combination, people would want to know that.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, they would.
It's data that is very relevant to understanding what happened there and they won't report it that way.
It happens all the time.
The unknown and the unvaccinated are always lumped together.

[SPEAKER_14]
Wow, that's very strange.
Is there any health official that will actually unmask what that category really is?

[SPEAKER_10]
Probably not, but we should try.
But I want you to check out this next slide, Steve, because we're going to get into some stuff that I think you're going to really like.
This might help you with your debate.
So let's look at this term elimination of measles.
We don't talk about eradication of measles anymore.
That's a word that people toss around as if we could get to zero.
And there's just not possible.
You saw the problem with waning immunity, right?
So this is the elimination of measles.
That's the goal for measles is elimination.
And folks, look at these numbers.
This goes on a scale of above 1,000 cases.
And this year, there have been 1,408 cases as of yesterday in the United States.
But you know what?
It's not out of range.
Look at what happened in 2019.
And let's focus on this big line in 2019, because I'm going to show you something that appears to be correlated with that.
But there's measles cases every single year.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_14]
But the best, it looks like the best prevention from measles is to unleash the COVID virus again.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, yeah, because then you won't test for measles and everything will look like COVID.
You know, you're not doing a differential diagnosis.
That's why COVID cured the flu, because we weren't testing for the flu.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, so in 2020, you think that was just a testing bias?

[SPEAKER_10]
Probably weren't testing for it in 2020.
Exactly.
Yeah, we were focused on other things in 2020.
So let's go to the next one.
So, you know, let's put this whole thing in perspective.
So I went and I found all the numbers of measles cases around the entire world.
And I compared that, I compared non-US measles cases around the world with US measles cases.
So you can see here that this scale goes up to a million cases.
And this is how many cases are occurring around the world.
Look at 2019.
It was a big year for measles.
where we had probably around 800,000 cases around the world.
And I actually did graph in the blue right next to the red on the left side of each red bar.
Those are the US cases compared to global cases.

[SPEAKER_14]
So it's an emergency.
We need to do something.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_14]
Oh my gosh.
Congress should get involved.

[SPEAKER_10]
Congress should definitely get involved.

[SPEAKER_14]
And it's like a disaster.
Like you, like you had, you need a magnifying glass.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, we're a big part of the problem with 1,408 cases in the world in the US, right?

[SPEAKER_14]
Wrong.

[SPEAKER_10]
So let's go to the next slide, because somebody asked me about that.

[SPEAKER_14]
I love that chart, by the way.

[SPEAKER_10]
I thought it might help you, but this one might even help you more.
So I had a comment about that and he said, my boyfriend said, hey, Alex, you're proving their point that the U.S. is a contributor to the problem around the world.
We're the most vaccinated.
So of course we have the least measles cases.
Well, let me just knock your socks off with these next two slides.
The U.S. we're 14.21% of the world population.
So if we are a fair share of measles in the world, we would have
4.21% of measles cases, right?
But it turns out the U.S. average share of measles cases since 2000, 25 years of data, is we have 6 one hundredths of a percent of the measles cases around the world.
So if you look at it in another way, how much better is the US doing than the rest of the world?
We're 71 times better.
I mean, we should have an equal share of measles cases at 4.21%, but we have six one hundredths of a percent of measles cases from around the world.
So we're doing really well.
But let me go to the next slide, because this was the next question.
Well, you know, the US is the most vaccinated country around the world.
Wrong.
Wrong, wrong, wrong.
The US is in the middle.
We have a 92% vaccination rate, and the average vaccination rate around the world is 84%.
So we're in the middle of the highly vaccinated countries, yet we have the best measles outcomes.

[SPEAKER_14]
So why do you think that is?
It's clearly not the vaccine.

[SPEAKER_10]
Well, yeah, exactly.
It's clearly not the vaccine.
I think it's because we're a developed country and I did read some information saying that more developed countries with people who are more well nourished tend to do better with measles.
So it doesn't have to do with the measles vaccine at all.
And look at all the countries ahead of us.
Algeria, Bhutan, Fiji, they're the most vaccinated.
99% vaccinated.
Turkmenistan is more vaccinated than we are.
China is more vaccinated.
Iraq, Saudi Arabia, Azerbaijan.
And now let's look at the countries that are below us.
84% below us.
Croatia, Sierra Leone, United Kingdom, Barbados, Netherlands, they're all below us.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yep.

[SPEAKER_10]
I mean.
Actually, no, that's not right.
Those, the countries that are below us are not actually even on this chart.
I couldn't put them all on here, but there's a lot of countries, very, you know, first world developed countries that are below us.
And there are a lot of what we consider third world countries that are way ahead of us in measles vaccination rates.
So people were doing well with measles in the United States.
1400 cases is nothing.
It's a drop in the bucket in terms of worldwide cases.
So, and by the way, I generated this from Grok and I didn't have time to verify these numbers, but you get the idea.
I mean,
But you get my point.
Let's go to the next one.
So, all right, now let's start to look at the cost benefit ratio.
So here are the reported deaths to VAERS after measles vaccine.
And since 1982, there've been 302 deaths reported after measles vaccine.
I generated this chart a few months ago, so maybe there's some more now.
And Steve, can you tell us the under reporting factor for deaths in VAERS?

[SPEAKER_14]
Oh, it's at least 26.

[SPEAKER_10]
At least 26.

[SPEAKER_14]
Minimum of 26 for a death.
Minimum of 26.

[SPEAKER_10]
Okay, so 26 times 302.
So the real number of deaths after measles vaccine is probably around 8,000 if it's 26 times under reported.
So let's keep that in mind.
That could be 8,000.

[SPEAKER_14]
The cure is worse than the disease is how I would term that.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.
Yeah.
So let's go look at deaths reported after actual measles in comparison.
I added that in red in the next slide.
Oh, look at this.
There are 127 deaths reported after measles virus compared to at least 302 and maybe 8,000 deaths after the measles vaccine.
So does the cost benefit work at all?

[SPEAKER_14]
It doesn't look like it to me.

[SPEAKER_10]
No.
And so this presentation go all the way to the right where it says 2025 and I've got that red bar.
Thanks, Livio.
You can go to the next slide.
That represents three deaths from measles, but it's actually, if you go back a little, yeah, back, yeah, back.
Back 1, thank you.
So I illustrated what I'm going to prove here is that this is not actually 3 deaths from measles in 2025.
It could be 1.
It could be 1 of an adult in New Mexico, but I'm going to argue that the 2 deaths of the girls in West Texas were not measles deaths and their families will tell you the exact same thing.
So let's go to the next slide.
Okay, so let's do a little history of measles outbreaks or supposed measles outbreaks as the case may be.
Let's look at Disneyland in 2014 in California.
And there was supposedly a measles outbreak there.
And here's the Wikipedia page on the Disney measles outbreak.
And let's look.
a little more deeply at this picture of the boy with measles.
Pay attention, it's labeled Disneyland Measles Outbreak, and this says young boy with measles.
Now this is Wikipedia, and Steve, you and I know how often people crawl Wikipedia to make sure everything is absolutely correct, right?
Yep, so next slide is going to knock your socks off.
Let's look a little closer at this boy.
Huh?
It's got something going on on his deltoid muscle where you normally get a vaccination and go to the next slide.
Oh my goodness, this is not an image of a boy with measles.
This is not from 2014.
And this is actually not from an infection.
This is a smallpox vaccination reaction.
This 1968 image depicted the face and back of a young child after receiving a smallpox vaccination.
So there's his smallpox vaccination and there's his skin reaction from that.
So one thing this tells us is that Wikipedia didn't have a picture of a boy with measles from 2014 from Disneyland.
Otherwise, they would have had that here.
I just find this unbelievable.
It doesn't prove anything, but I just find this wild.
The other thing it tells me and should tell a lot of people is that you can get a full body rash when you're detoxing from a toxin like the smallpox, or in my case, whenever I'm exposed to mold, I get rashes all over my body.
The skin is what takes over when your organs of elimination are overwhelmed.
So some people call the skin your third kidney.
So when your organs of elimination are overwhelmed, that's when you get a skin rash.
So it's not necessarily measles.
It can look like measles like this, but it's not necessarily measles.
So I think I made my point there.
Let's go to the next one.
So, oh, look what happens.
Couple months after the Disneyland measles outbreak, wow, California legislators drop a bill to take away parental vaccination rights.
It's called SB 277.
And this took away the religious and personal belief exemption in California, leaving us a very limited medical exemption.
This was a nightmare.
I was among the parents, thousands of parents who went up to our Capitol in Sacramento many, many times to fight this bill.
People, oh, we,
We had data we talk calmly with legislators we talk calmly with their, their staffers.
We had protests.
I mean, these things, everything got more and more heated as every month went by and still they pass this even.
In the face of thousands of protesters and people who were crying and yelling and screaming, it was an unbelievable fight and there was no way they were going to listen to us.
They were like a brick wall because there had been a Disneyland measles outbreak right before and measles is scary.
So let's go to the next slide.
And that doesn't prove anything.
Did the measles outbreak have to do with the bill?
You know, we suspected, but let's take a look at Washington, Washington State 2019.
Go to the next slide.
So Washington in January 2019 is under a state of emergency as measles cases rise.
Steve, can you guess what happened next?

[SPEAKER_14]
I would think that, let's see.
No, I'm actually not sure what happened next.

[SPEAKER_10]
Well, their legislators got together.
Does that make sense?

[SPEAKER_14]
To pass a bill.

[SPEAKER_10]
Pass a bill to take away parental rights, not just in general around vaccines, but specifically around measles vaccine.
Let's go to the next slide.
There it is, Washington State Senate passes bill removing exemption for measles vaccine, months after their measles outbreak.
But this takes a very dark turn.
So all of our suspicions start to be confirmed with this next slide.
So this is from J.B. Hanley's blog.
And J.B. Hanley is a friend and colleague of mine.
He's a Stanford graduate, very smart guy.
He was on the board of Children's Health Defense when I was there.
and the title of his sub stack post is whistleblower measles outbreak faked by pacific northwest health officials in 2019 it's a whistleblower he's saying they faked the outbreak which is what we suspected with disneyland maybe that's why they didn't have a picture of a boy with measles so
Here I'm just going to read you some of this here.
So this guy, so this hasn't been adjudicated.
This guy hasn't testified in court, but I really trust JB Hanley.
So I feel like this is a real whistleblower and it's specific.
It sounds real.
It says the 2019 measles outbreak in Vancouver slash Portland was fake.
They made it up in order to change Washington's law.
I know because when I was writing SQL queries on the Sentinel database, I tried testing it.
it meaning this this measles sequence against that database and nothing came up.
So he asked his boss Rex Larson why that was and he froze.
That's not good.
He got into the IMM drive and found memos that they were contracting with a PR firm to promote the fake outbreak in order to pass the bill.
Wow.
Wow.
So what do you think of that?

[SPEAKER_14]
Um, you usually think that they can't get any lower than doing some of this stuff.
And so you're always amazed when, you know, it's worse, it's even worse than you thought the worst was.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_14]
So again, and where did this, where did this direction, uh, for creating this, uh, fake outbreak come from?

[SPEAKER_10]
That's a great question.
Who do you think?

[SPEAKER_14]
2019?
I don't know.
I don't either.
But it could be a lot of people.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_14]
Got to be somebody high enough up, though.
I mean, there got to be people in on this.

[SPEAKER_10]
Oh, for sure.
And we're about to jump into the narrative of Bobby Kennedy and the media.
And there is somebody that I highly suspect is involved in what happened there.
And you guys won't believe who it is.
OK, so let's go to the next slide.

[SPEAKER_14]
Are you going to tell us?

[SPEAKER_10]
Oh, yeah.

[SPEAKER_14]
Now?

[SPEAKER_10]
She wears an Hermes scarf frequently.

[SPEAKER_14]
That doesn't help me, but may help other people.

[SPEAKER_10]
She did a lot of press conferences with the White House when we were locked down.

[SPEAKER_14]
Deborah Burks.
Yeah, that would be who I would guess.
But was she in Washington at the time?

[SPEAKER_10]
Uh, no, there's a little bit more with smoking you on there.
And I'm just going to say that this is all, this is all, um, circumstantial evidence.
These are just me putting like different data points together and I'm, I'm good at pattern recognition and this is, this is what evolved.
So let's look at what's going on with measles and RFK junior.
So we're going to start the timeline now.
We're switching into the main point of this presentation, but I really wanted to get all those questions about measles out of the way about,
Is measles vaccine safe?
Is it effective?
Is the United States doing poorly because we had 1400 cases this year?
No, we're not.
We're doing great.
So here on NPR, they announced that Robert F. Kennedy Jr. is running for president April 19th, 2023.
So that's a big yay for anybody in our community.
He'd already put me on his finance committee to help with the campaign.
Um, so let's go to the next slide.
That's April 19th.
And now we're going to bring in our next character, Dr. Deborah Burks, who is the white house coronavirus response coordinator from 2020 to 2021.
And she wrote this book called silent invasion, which basically where she basically admits to making up a lot of things like distancing protocols, masking, all that stuff.
They were just guessing two masks, three masks.
It was all a guess.
And she admits it in this book.
I don't know why she admits it there, but she does.
So next slide.
Wow.

[SPEAKER_14]
I mean, people should be outraged with this.

[SPEAKER_10]
Oh, yeah.
Well, you're going to be more outraged as we go through this.
And again, here we are.
Circumstantial evidence, indirect evidence that does not prove a fact and issue, but gives rise to a logical inference that the fact exists.
So just stick with me.
I'm just going to show you some facts that seem to go together.
Let's go to the next one.
So, here's Deborah Birx.
You know, a few months after it's obvious that Bobby's going to stay in the presidential race, Deborah Birx gets a demotion.
She is the former COVID-19 White House advisor, and she joins Texas Tech's health center in Lubbock County, Texas.

[SPEAKER_14]
What a coincidence!

[SPEAKER_10]
Such a coincidence!
And guess what else, Steve?
This is September 2023.
Guess what else?
Guess what she's supposed to study and help with when she's there.
Let's go to the next slide.
In this article, it says, her expertise will greatly contribute to efforts in yielding science and service to people as we work with community partners to identify and address health challenges specifically in rural areas of West Texas.

[SPEAKER_14]
Awesome!

[SPEAKER_10]
And West Texas is where we have the Mennonites with the measles, right?
What's she doing there?
This is a strip mall town.
This is a demotion.
She grew up in Pennsylvania.
She went to Penn.
She worked in D.C. She wears Hermes scarves with these suits.
She doesn't fit in there.
There's no Hermes shop or Chanel shop in Lubbock, Texas.

[SPEAKER_14]
Why did she go to Lubbock?

[SPEAKER_10]
She was demoted or she had a mission.

[SPEAKER_14]
Does that mean that we demote people and we send them to Lubbock?

[SPEAKER_10]
I don't know, we can send them anywhere.

[SPEAKER_14]
Right, but why Lubbock?
What's special about Lubbock?

[SPEAKER_10]
Why Lubbock?
Exactly.
Well, let's go look at what happened in Lubbock on the next slide.
But by the way, Deborah Burke, she's now, I think, the CEO of some sort of pharmaceutical company in California, and she has another government position now.
So now I have evidence of her being in three simultaneous positions, including the Lubbock one at Texas Tech.

[SPEAKER_14]
Well, maybe Susan Manares will show up at Lubbock next.

[SPEAKER_10]
Maybe, maybe, maybe they'll have to put in an Hermes store there for both of them.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, what did you think of that news?
I was like super happy when I heard that.

[SPEAKER_10]
Me too me too and I was hoping maybe they would put Dan Weldon's name back in the ring to had CDC because he's been a friend.
For vaccine safety people for a long time.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, I mean, that would be awesome.
I don't know if he would do it at this point because of what happened, but.
Yeah, Dave Weldon is awesome.

[SPEAKER_10]
He really is.
So I was curious because the two girls in West Texas, one of whom was Mennonite, ended up dying in the medical center in Lubbock, Texas.
And so I just said, because I don't know a lot about Texas, especially not West Texas.
So I just asked a search engine, is Texas Tech where Berks is associated with the Texas University Medical Center in Lubbock?
And the answer is yes.
They are simply part of the Texas Tech University system.
So, okay.

[SPEAKER_14]
What a coincidence.

[SPEAKER_10]
What a coincidence.
So let's go to the next slide.
So I want to show you the first cases that they call an outbreak.
We're in this town called Seminole, Texas.
I'm showing you the map here in West Texas.
And Seminole, Texas is a very small, small, small town.
And the closest hospital is in Lubbock.

[SPEAKER_14]
What a coincidence.

[SPEAKER_10]
I know.
It's an hour and a half drive, but that's the closest hospital.
So that's where these two girls were driven when they had medical issues that their families will insist.
And I'm going to show you we're not measles.
But yeah, so they drive an hour and a half to where Deborah Birx has this position at Texas Tech.
So let's go to the next slide.
And thank you, AI.
You know, smoke, there's fire.
You got it.

[SPEAKER_14]
Which AI did that for you?

[SPEAKER_10]
I think I use chat GPT for this 1.
Okay, so just an air may scarf on the state of Texas just, you know, whether smoke, there's fire.
Let's go to the next 1.
So, and the 1st case was not actually in West Texas.
It was in Harris County on January 23rd, 2025, but let's start noticing these dates.
What was happening around late January 2025.
Let's go to the next slide.
Oh, and I also want to say that, again, the beginning of these cases, it started in January, but they really started to ramp up in February.
And I'm going to show you this, like, almost final big peak right here.
I'm going to show you what week that corresponds with later, but just take a note of that.
Okay.
So they start to ramp up these cases and I'm going to talk all the rest of the presentation is about what happens from late January up until the beginning of April about right here.
Okay.
This is our presentation time right now.
Okay.
Next.
Okay, so what was happening around that time?
Well, January 29th and 30th, a week after the first Texas case of measles is RFK Jr. Senate committee hearings.
And there we have Elizabeth Warren making a very happy face while she's questioning RFK Jr. about his vaccine views.
And, you know, you could pretty much see like a hundred percent correlation with how much these people got from big pharma to support their own campaigns and their level of temper tantrum and questioning RFK Jr. That was quite entertaining.
I really liked Bernie Sanders as well.

[SPEAKER_14]
Again, they're, you know, they both claim to, to follow the science, but yeah, but the beginning of my presentation.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_10]
So, okay, so this is late January and he does get confirmed.
So go to the next slide.
And then he gets sworn in on February 13th by Judge Gorsuch.
And we believe that he chose Judge Gorsuch to sign him in because he actually signaled in a religious exemption ruling as the dissenting opinion, not the majority opinion.
that he might not support that Jacobson case from 1905 that judges have been using to support mandates.
So I believe that Bobby thinks he could be on our team should cases reach the Supreme Court.
So that's okay.
So this is February 13th.
Let's see what happens next.
Oh, wow.
Two weeks later, Texas child is the first reported us measles death in a decade as outbreak hits more than one 30.
Wow.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_14]
So that's two weeks later after one child has died.
A child has died 500,000 have died from the COVID vaccine.
So let's focus on the measles.

[SPEAKER_10]
Exactly.
Yep.
Good perspective right there.
So let's go to the next slide.

[SPEAKER_14]
I could be in public health.

[SPEAKER_10]
You can be in public health.
So wow, here's Google trends.
I just typed in measles and wow, the next day, oh, measles is all the rage.
All the searches are about measles on February 27th.
And I'm going to come back to this and show you what this peak is and what that peak is and what this petering out means right here.
So, we're going to come back to this.
So, just look at this Google Trends with me to show this narrative.
Let's go to the next one.
So, Bobby Kennedy, as far as I know, he hems and haws.
He doesn't want to put out a statement about this.
He wants to kind of stay under the radar as head of HHS.
He doesn't want to endorse vaccines, and he's really not playing along.
So, he issues this statement.
It's published on Fox.
And it doesn't sound like him.
In fact, we ran it through AI.
We said, does this sound like Robert F. Kennedy Jr.'s writings?
And they said, maybe 20 to 30 percent sounds like Robert F. Kennedy Jr.'s former writing.
So we know it's not really him.
It's some, like, milquetoast statement that he felt like he had to put out.
And in it, he says that nutrition is important, vitamin A is important.
But he's not playing along and I'm going to tell you what they want him to say, because they put it in the sub headline, but they can't attribute it to him.
What they can attribute to him is that the measles outbreak is a call to action for all of us, which is broad.
You can do nutrition.
You can do vitamin A.
You can do anything you want.

[SPEAKER_14]
You can get chlorine dioxide.

[SPEAKER_10]
Chlorine dioxide, yes.
You've come such a long way, Steve.
Yeah, chlorine dioxide's amazing.

[SPEAKER_14]
Thanks partially to your help.
But have you used chlorine dioxide for treating viruses and bacteria and other shit?

[SPEAKER_10]
I yeah, I used it.
I did the eight dose a day protocol for nine months at one point and it was amazing.
It's one of the best things I've ever done for my health and all my labs that were kind of a little bit off when I got my labs done again, they were all normal.

[SPEAKER_14]
And so you attribute your remarkable recovery from vaccine injury to chlorine to your use of chlorine dioxide.

[SPEAKER_10]
Partially, yes, I've done dozens of major interventions, but that's that's up there in my top three to five.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, it's always hard to have the attribution when you're doing multiple things.
You can't not necessarily know that was this versus that.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, I am a, my own Guinea pig.
Uh, and if I want to put it in nicer terms, I'm a biohacker.
Um, but I can't always do things scientifically cause I'm really eager just to like get better.
Cause for my vaccine injury, I'm still not totally recovered.
Um, so I'm still doing things.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_10]
So, okay.

[SPEAKER_14]
So at least you didn't take any COVID shots.

[SPEAKER_10]
I did not dodge that bullet.
Sorry.
I wish I'd known you before you did.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yep.

[SPEAKER_10]
I was trying to get the word out.
Me too.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, I found out just in time too late after I got my vaccines what happened.

[SPEAKER_10]
I know, and thank God you didn't get any more.

[SPEAKER_14]
Oh yeah, no, my wife did.
My wife got two more shots after I told her these things kill people.

[SPEAKER_10]
Oh my gosh.
Well, it's easier to fool a person than convince them they've been fooled.
difficult situation.

[SPEAKER_14]
Her excuse was that she needed it for travel.
Okay, so roll the dice on your life, not worth it to me.

[SPEAKER_10]
Not at all.
Sorry about that.
All right.
So, okay.
My main point on this slide is that Bobby's not playing along.
He says measles outbreak is a call to action for all of us, which is very general and supports his article, which is very general.
But here, this is what they want him to say.
So I really want to focus on this.
They want this sentence or something close to it to come out of his mouth and the subhead.
that they cannot attribute to him is MMR vaccine is crucial to avoiding potentially deadly disease.
They want him to say that.
In other words, they want him to endorse the MMR vaccine, but he's not playing.
He will not do it.

[SPEAKER_14]
Right.
So the thing is that there's evidence that suggests that the measles vaccine does, in fact,
prevent a certain number of cases of measles, right?
Because otherwise the percentage of people who got the measles would be proportional to, you know, we would hardly have any people who were, the percentage of vaccinated people
If the measles vaccine did nothing, the percentage of vaccinated people who got the measles would be like 95% or 96% or whatever it is.
And it's much lower than that.
But is or is it, right?
Because there's that unknown category.

[SPEAKER_10]
Right.
Yeah, there's the unknown category.
And what if, and I don't know the answer to this, but what if the measles vaccine only prevents the rash?
So people are sick with a fever, but they have no rash.

[SPEAKER_14]
So do we actually know that the next, that the measles vaccine actually has a benefit?
We know the risk benefit isn't there, right?
It kills more people than it saves.
But my question is, is there actually a benefit to the measles vaccine, or is it all buried in the statistics about, oh, there were four that got the vaccine and a million that in the unknown, unvaccinated category.
Without knowing what's in that category, you can't know whether the measles vaccine worked or not.

[SPEAKER_10]
That's right.
That's right.
Well, and then the other thing is that we can measure antibodies, and those are really used as a proxy for whether or not a vaccination works.
So in vaccine studies, we're looking for a four-fold increase in antibodies to measles before and after a measles vaccine, and we want 70% of people to meet that threshold.
That's considered zero protection.
But that's just something that's easy for us to measure.
But what if the vaccine is doing something else to the immune system that we can't measure?
And we already know that antibodies are not necessarily protective, which is why we say that immunization or vaccination is not immunization.
Those are two different things.
Injecting somebody is not the same as giving them immunity.
And a lot of it is that we're using this blunt tool that may just be a proxy for what the immune system is doing.

[SPEAKER_14]
So do we have any numbers on the seroprotection levels of the

[SPEAKER_10]
Of the MMR, I tried my best to find them.
And what was interesting with that Gregory Poland study where I showed that 37% of people look like they've never been exposed to measles.
There were, they didn't report the zero protective antibodies.
So if they did, I think that they'd be far lower than 50% and then we could blame the vaccinated.

[SPEAKER_14]
Now, there you go.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_10]
Okay, so let's go to the next slide here.
So let's get into what's going on in West Texas now.
So here's the treating doctor from West Texas and what he says, and I'm going to get into this because I pulled Dr. James Lyons-Wyler in to help answer this question.
He says, this measles is not acting like measles in the books.
He says it's dangerous, but it's treatable now.
Why is this dangerous?
Their kids in West Texas, they're getting very, very sick.
And he said that until he gave the interventions that they looked like they were on their death bed.
And then he go back the next day and the same kid was jumping rope.

[SPEAKER_14]
The other thing, the interventions being what?

[SPEAKER_10]
That's on an upcoming slide, but it's to it's an inhaled steroid to open up the airways to get more oxygen into the blood and it's vitamin a through cod liver oil, which is very high in a and D. But even the parents in the community who actually are vaccinated with.
they're getting measles.
So it's not acting like a normal measles.
And I will say that when I was bringing up my twins, my daughter actually got a test at a doctor's office showing a very high level for IgM, it's immunoglobulin M, which is an early response to measles, but she wasn't sick.
She had theoretically been contagious for measles with an IgM antibody for two and a half years after her measles vaccine.
And then the weird thing that happened at that point is that I gave her high dose vitamin A to help her seroconvert from IgM to IgG, which is the longer term antibody reaction that they're looking for.
And she broke out on a measles rash.
I got a measles rash and her twin brother got a measles rash at that time.
Just when I was treating with high dose vitamin A, then I had her antibodies taken again and she had seroconverted and she had converted now to an IgG past measles infection response after the vitamin A.
So there are really weird things that go on with measles that cannot be explained.
But this measles in Texas there, he's saying that it is deadly, but treatable.
So I wanted to dive deeper into what that might mean.
So, if we go to the next slide.
So, whenever whenever something weird is going on with an infection, I like to go to the genetics.
I did a whole lot of research on the genetics of Lyme disease and all the different Lyme disease strains.
A number of years ago, I was helping a Stanford professor write a chapter of a book about the ethics of treating Lyme disease.
Unfortunately, it wasn't published because she passed away, but I really understand this genotyping and different strains.
So I was like, huh, if this measles isn't looking like the measles of the past, then maybe
It's a different strain.
And in fact, when I went on the WHO website, it said that this is genotype D8.
Now you can imagine the naming sequence.
The first measles strain was genotype A.
So we're here at D8.
Well, D8 isn't normally found in the United States.
This is mostly found in India and some parts of Europe.
So that's already kind of weird.
But here's the more weird part.
And this is what prompted my call to Dr. James Lyons-Wyler.
And it says here, Texas also reported
three genotype D8 sequences with single nucleotide substitutions.
So that made my dander go up.
I thought, oh, wow.
Gain of function?
Really?
Potential gain of function here.
So I called Dr. James Lyons-Wyler.
So go to the next slide.
And this is me this is he runs, it's an incredible organization.
They have their own peer review journal.
They give all these incredible courses, like, how to read scientific studies, for example.
It's just an incredible organization with an incredible leader.
And so the next slide shows me and Dr lines while are at the Maha ball in January, 2025.
We've known each other, I think, since 2018.
So go to the next slide.
So here's one thing he found.
Now, he was only able to get D8 sequences in the United States, not Texas necessarily, but in the United States through the end of 2024.
So this is not 2025 data.
But what you can see here, if you see the blue line, it's showing an increasing level of mutations
Compared to years past and it starts to mutate a lot starting in 2014 2015, which is a very interesting year for us because we just went back to that example in California of the Disneyland outbreak.
So, you know, we're things starting to happen then.
Yeah, there are other weird things happening in 2015.
2015 was the beginning of the 200 doctors who suddenly were killed with like really weird excuses.
Like a shotgun wound to the chest found in a river.
This is Jeffrey Bradstreet.
And that was ruled a suicide.
Just bizarre things.

[SPEAKER_14]
As you're going to go, that's the place to go, right?

[SPEAKER_10]
Right, but 2015 was a really scary year because there are a lot of medical doctors, naturopaths and chiropractors who knew a lot about vaccine dangers and they were getting picked off all the way up to about 200 of them in 2015.
So there are weird things going on in 2015 besides the measles outbreak.
And now, now we see that this mutation pattern started around that time too.
Just all coincidences at this point.
So let's go to the next slide.
So Dr. Lyons-Wyler wrote this up for me, but let me just summarize and say that he can see that the measles virus D8 is starting to change in important areas.
And he said there are early signs that the measles virus is mutating in the exact spots our immune system usually targets.
If this keeps happening, it could eventually make the current vaccine less effective.
Maybe we're onto something here.
He also looked at the evidence of possible vaccine escape and there we can't prove that.
He also looked at the idea of.
Vitamin a immune escape, and we can't prove anything there either.
But he said, if these virus changes continue, they could make it harder for the vaccine to fully protect people.
They could also weaken.
the extra help that vitamin A gives the immune system during measles infections.
Because this doctor in West Texas was saying that vitamin A alone didn't seem to help.
So let me go to the next slide.
We just summarize a few more of the points here.
Dr. Lyons-Wyler points out that vitamin A enhances measles immune clearance.
It boosts your mucosal barrier integrity and enhances T cell function.
And so his hypothesis is that mutations enabling faster viral replication
may diminish vitamin A effectiveness indirectly.
We're not sure about this.
Caution, no direct resistance to vitamin A yet, but accelerated viral dynamics could counter its protective effects.
Increased diversity could yield escape variants.
Now, I'll tell you where this research is right now.
We've requested, he requested from the CDC, the West Texas sequences months ago and they said, oh, yeah, we'll do that.
We'll do that.
We'll get you the West Texas sequences.
Now, Steve, can you imagine how this went?
Then they said after he followed up again, well, you know, Dr. Lyons Weiler, we're going to, we're going to select some representative sequences and we'll, we'll, we'll get those to you.
So far we have no sequences from West Texas, from the CDC.
Are you surprised?

[SPEAKER_14]
I somehow am not surprised.

[SPEAKER_10]
I didn't think you would be.
Okay, so let's go back to where we were in the presentation.
So that answered my question.
Is there something weird going on with this strain of measles in West Texas?
And maybe, maybe there is nothing conclusive yet.
So let's close out on James Lyons-Weiler stuff with a slide for IPAC again, just so you know where I got that data.
And let's go to the next slide.
So, let's look at what the standard of care is in measles cases, because this is going to come back into the Bobby Kennedy narrative right now.
So, these are the vaccination and vitamin a guidelines.
So, 1st of all, you don't want to recommend mass vaccination in an outbreak because the package insert says you can't vaccinate anybody with a fever higher than 101.
So that's one thing you don't do.
You don't vaccinate everybody in a community with a measles outbreak because if somebody's got a fever, that's contraindicated.
And then the next slide, we talk about vitamin A. Vitamin A is standard of care treatment for measles, according to the World Health Organization and the American Academy of Pediatrics.
It's standard of care, people.
When people are hospitalized with measles, they get vitamin A and they recover.
Let's go to the next slide.
So, according to this Dr. Edwards, we already talked about this, he was using Budestanide, which is normally used for asthma, but again, it's an inhaled steroid that opens up the lungs.
And the doctors learned of its very beneficial role in treating the inflammation triggered by respiratory viruses when we were locked down during COVID.
And Edwards gave the children cod liver oil because that's the best form of vitamin A.
And he said vitamin A deficiency makes measles much worse.
The measles infection all by itself will deplete you of retinol, which is vitamin A.
So you need to replete it with the supplemental vitamin A.
Again, standard of care, but let's see what they do to Bobby Kennedy at this point.
So, oh, wait before we do that, let's go go to the next slide.
It's okay.
We're going to talk about this 1st death that they say is for measles in West Texas.
This is a beautiful men and I couple who doesn't speak English very well.
They speak a form of German.
And their 6 year old daughter died, they have 4 other children who also got measles and recovered very quickly.
But let's go to the next slide and see what they, what happened to her.
So they drove her remember from Seminole, Texas to Lubbock an hour and a half to the Texas tech medical center.
And their 6 year old daughter did have measles.
I already said her four siblings got measles and recovered, but this girl got a secondary pneumonia infection, which now happens to one in 20 otherwise healthy children.
And the parents said the measles rash was mostly gone by the time they got to Texas University Medical Center in Lubbock.
They diagnosed her with mycoplasma pneumonia, which is very treatable.
However, the antibiotics were delayed.
And then the father asked for breathing treatments because he didn't speak English very well.
So he didn't remember the name, but that treatment was denied in the hospital because it's not standard of care.
Of course.
Yeah and then the wrong antibiotic was given and now things take a very very dark turn right here.
The mother noticed how parched her daughter was and she tried to get her some water and they said no because they had plans to intubate the girl and ventilate her but they didn't want to tell the parents so they just said no she can't have water.
Then they nicely offered to the parents that they should go to hotel for the night and the hospital would pay for the hotel.
Who's ever heard of a hospital paying for a hotel
for loved ones.
I've never heard of that myself.

[SPEAKER_14]
Well, it sounds like an opportunity where you'd all jump that.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yep.
Exactly.
Oh, wow.
The hospital is going to pay for my hotel.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_14]
Wow.
Once in a lifetime.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, let's do it.

[SPEAKER_14]
Couldn't be any sinister behind that one.

[SPEAKER_10]
No, nothing sinister.
And it does get very sinister here.
So the hospital then sedated the girl and put her on a ventilator and she died while the parents were at that hotel.

[SPEAKER_14]
What a coincidence.

[SPEAKER_10]
The parents say that she died of hospital mismanagement and so do the physicians who reviewed these medical records.
Let's go to the next slide.

[SPEAKER_14]
So are they suing the hospital?

[SPEAKER_10]
I don't know.
I would imagine yes.
So what did her parents say?
And this is from an interview that Polly Tommy and Brian Hooker did with this couple in person.
The mother said she still would not vaccinate for measles, even though their 6-year-old daughter died.
She would not recommend MMR vaccine to other parents.
And in the small community of a few thousand children,
They know too many children who got autism after the MMR vaccine and reportedly they're about a dozen.
So everybody knows.
So none of them are vaccinating their kids for MMR because they're scared of autism.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yep.
Good for them.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.
Let's go to the next slide.
So oops, go back.
All right, so let's see what they're doing to Bobby here.
NPR, amid a growing measles outbreak, doctors worry that RFK Jr. is sending the wrong message.
This is March 7th.
So what's his wrong message?
He's saying that vitamin A can dramatically reduce deaths from measles.
Hey, it's standard of care.
Didn't we just see that?
The WHO and the AAP say it's standard of care.
But when Bobby says it, he gets beaten up by the media.
So let's see the next slide.
So now that's a big story.
Bobby's recommending vitamin A and so now I type in measles to Google Trends and we get this peak that I circled with the red circle right here because that's a big deal.
Bobby's recommending a standard of care treatment.
That's news, guys.
Okay, let's go to the next one.
He's still not playing along here.
And then it gets worse.
A few weeks later, it's not enough to beat him up about vitamin vitamin A.
Now the media starts to say it's toxic.
So here's Axios.
And I heard this on NPR too, because I sometimes listen to NPR and they said what to know about vitamin A's toxic risks after RFK Jr. promotes it for measles.
Wow.
Bobby, he can't be right no matter what.

[SPEAKER_14]
Nope.

[SPEAKER_10]
Okay, let's go to the next 1.
So now things get dark again, April 3rd, 2025, we're almost to the end of this narrative.
Sadly.
A 2nd child dies of hospital mismanagement at Lubbock hospital and this is a really cute girl named Daisy.
She had a lot of health problems prior to getting measles, but let's go look at the details of her case.
So the parents say she likely died of hospital mismanagement at Lubbock.
Daisy had had chronic Epstein-Barr activation and tonsillitis.
She was not a healthy girl.
She got measles, but she recovered.
And she'd been recovered from measles for two weeks before she went to the hospital.
But then two weeks after that she became septic, which is so unusual for a girl her age, especially with a staph or a strep infection.
She was very immunosuppressed in other words.
So the parents brought her to the hospital in Lubbock.
And the sepsis led to acute respiratory distress syndrome, ARDS, which is a severe breathing issue.
And so she had a lung infection also, but the hospital stopped the antibiotics.
And the father asked for Budesonide by name and was denied.
And instead, when she has a systemic
bacterial infection.
They gave her IV steroids, an immunosuppressant, and you know, I'm not a doctor and I know you should never do that.
Then they sedated her, they intubated her, and Dr. Malone reviewed these records and he noted that the hospital seemed to use COVID hospital protocols.
Why would that be?
Who's associated with the Lubbock hospital now?
Deborah Birx.
Of course.
So I don't know.
I mean, I don't know if it's related.
I'm just putting together these facts.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yep.

[SPEAKER_10]
And the father stated on camera, she did not die of measles.
He indicated hospital mistreatment.
So now we've got two girls who went to the Lubbock hospital and died from basically COVID hospital protocols.
And both families say that their kids did not die of measles.
However, the media and the CDC still counts those two girls as part of the three measles deaths in 2025.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_14]
So it should be one measles.
So is there actually one measles death then?

[SPEAKER_10]
Potentially, yeah, I haven't looked.
It was an adult in New Mexico.
I haven't looked into that one yet.
Let's go to the next one.
So finally, RFK Jr., he's a smart guy.
He catches on to what they're doing, because he's got the details that they're basically using COVID protocols on these post-measles girls.
So he goes to the funeral of Daisy.
And he uses that as a media opportunity.
Also, April 6, 2025.
So let's see what happens here.
This is the end of our narrative coming up here.
And so he finally says what they want him to say, because he knows what they're up to, though he knows those hospital deaths were not from measles.
So he knows that there's funny business going on just to frame him.
So now he finally says what they want him to say.
He says, and they can attribute to him in the headline now, most effective way to prevent measles is vaccination, R.F.K.
Jr. says in most direct remarks yet.

[SPEAKER_14]
And then all of all the measles cases go away at that point.

[SPEAKER_10]
Correct.
Let's go to the next slide.
How did you predict that?

[SPEAKER_14]
I'm good at predictions.

[SPEAKER_10]
First of all, here's Google Trends.
So that's the last spike in Google Trends.
And then even today, there's no spike in any interest in the measles after this because they got him to say what he wanted to say.
And then you go to the next one.
And we're going back to this chart of weekly measles cases by the rash onset date.
And I told you with that red circle area, I was going to tell you what happened right then.
And that last big peak was the first week in April.
And then the measles starts to go away.

[SPEAKER_14]
It's amazing how quickly that works.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.
How is this done?

[SPEAKER_14]
He should have just said it earlier and it would have worked.

[SPEAKER_10]
Right, but he didn't know how evil they could possibly be, but he figured it out and he figured it out pretty quickly.
So, yeah, so suddenly the measles goes away after he says what they want him to say.
And I don't know how they do this.
I mean, are they using a contact toxin that they just then pull back?
I have no idea.
I have no idea.
Maybe it's natural.
I don't know.
I'm just putting these facts together in a pattern.
Let's go to the next one.
So, I'm going to close out now and some people are saying, you know, is this coded for kids?
Let's go to the next slide.
So, let's look at measles then and now the death rate before the vaccine, the CDC still says 1 in 10,000, but we just showed the Bureau of Vital Statistics data showing it was 1 in 400,000.
I don't know why there's such a big discrepancy.

[SPEAKER_14]
Why is there a discrepancy?
That's a really interesting question, isn't it?

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, and then this measles, the death rate is one in 1,400, which doesn't align with either of those numbers.
And if they count three deaths, then the death rate is one in 469, which is way outside of what measles ever was.
And then in the past, before the vaccine, and actually before the West Texas cases, people responded well to vitamin A.
And now with this measles, it doesn't respond to vitamin A.
You need the Buddhist night also.
So let's go to the next slide.
I'm going to build up a few comparisons to COVID.
It's kind of a deja vu.
The origin story is one of condescension and stereotypes.
And the origin story for COVID was it was the Chinese eating bat soup at a wet market.
And we all say, ew.
And I said, at that point,
I don't think the Chinese eat bats.
That's the most inconvenient food I could possibly think of.
And besides, if there was COVID in a soup and it's heated, then viruses are killed by heat.
How in the world could a heated soup spread a virus?
So that's when my dander went up.
That was January 20th, 2020.
And I knew it was like a big fake because the media came out on lockstep with the stupid bat soup thing.
And then for the measles, it's all the backwards Mennonites who don't get vaccinated.
But you know what?
The Mennonites are more maha than the most maha person I know.
I wanna be more like the Mennonites in my maha-ness.
So I don't appreciate the stereotype of starting these cases in the Mennonites.
Let's go to the next one.
They were denied treatments in COVID, famously ivermectin, hydroxychloroquine, even vitamin C. In this measles, these girls were denied vitamin A, budestanide, and antibiotics.
Next one.
They were denied sustenance in the hospital in both cases.
Next 1.
Hospital homicide protocols were used very similar and both cobit and measles.
The only thing missing in these measles cases is the use of remdesivir.
Let's go to the next 1.
They isolated the relatives and cobit and in this measles, the men and night girls parents were sent to the hotel.
Next 1.
Death certificate manipulation in COVID, they unilaterally changed the death certificate reporting standards for COVID only, not any of the other viruses.
It had been the same reporting standards for 17 years, and the standard had been that the longest lasting condition that the person had that led to the death was supposed to be on line one, and they changed that just for COVID so that the virus was then for the first time listed as a cause of death, but no other viruses could ever make it to line one, just COVID.
But then I believe that they're illegally putting measles as the cause of death on these death certificates for these girls.
Let's go to the next one.
And both COVID and measles were previously benign illnesses.
Before 2019, coronavirus was called the common cold.
And in measles, it was a very mild illness that people, they sat around and played Monopoly and said, if you gotta get measles, this is great.
Let's go to the next one.
Is there a manipulated strain?
We know there was gain of function for COVID.
We don't know yet for measles.
We really want Dr. James Lyons-Wyler to get those strains from West Texas so we can see what's going on.
Next one, political manipulation.
Obviously, we were totally manipulated into getting vaccines and demanding a vaccine passport in this zero trust society that was created in COVID.
And they used the measles for political manipulation of RFK Jr.
way too many similarities between COVID and measles, if you ask me.
And so final slide.
So I want to know what Deborah Birx is doing in Texas to identify and address health challenges, specifically in rural areas of West Texas.
And next slide.
I'm just saying circumstantial evidence that there's smoke, there's fire.
And my final question is on the next slide.
What is this measles?
And that is the presentation.
I hope you enjoyed it.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, that was great.
Well, so what is the answer to that?

[SPEAKER_10]
We don't know.

[SPEAKER_14]
I need Dr. Lyons-Wyler.
What's your, do you have a speculation?

[SPEAKER_10]
I don't want to speculate, but I'm suspicious.
Like why is the D8 strain in Texas when it's not normally found in the United States and why the increasing level of mutations up through 2024?

[SPEAKER_14]
So DA does not found anywhere else in the United States?

[SPEAKER_10]
Normally not.
No, I would need to get all the data to determine if there was absolutely none, but it's usually not.

[SPEAKER_14]
Isn't that a weird coincidence?

[SPEAKER_10]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_14]
A lot of weird coincidences.
Livio?
Do we have any audience questions?

[SPEAKER_02]
Hang on.
I'm having a little trouble with my camera that won't come back on.
Give me a, I don't know.

[SPEAKER_14]
So maybe you were infected from when I was having trouble with my camera.

[SPEAKER_02]
It's quite possible.
Let's see if I can get this to work.
Yes.
There you go.
I am coming back.
All right, Alex, that was a phenomenal presentation.
Thank you for, for all that.
investigative journalism and work and research.
That was incredible.
Thank you for that.

[SPEAKER_10]
Thank you so much.
It was really fun.

[SPEAKER_02]
Uh, my biggest question for me is like that time period between RFK junior getting confirmed and it only took like a week for like the outbreak, like measles knew that it had to like become a force right after he got out.

[SPEAKER_14]
That's the way science works.
Uh, Livio, I mean,

[SPEAKER_10]
That's right.
Measles knows everything and measles is against Bobby Kennedy being head of HHS.

[SPEAKER_02]
Totally.
It was similar to COVID knowing that to stay away from it when you would remove your mask so you can eat on an airplane.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, you can't get infected if you're sitting down in a restaurant.

[SPEAKER_10]
That's right.

[SPEAKER_14]
Like everybody knows that.
Like COVID, you know, it goes above it.
It's only above a certain level.

[SPEAKER_02]
Exactly.
I've got a question from Buskman for Alex.
What is your take on the EUA being removed from the COVID-19 shots?

[SPEAKER_10]
I'm really happy about that.
I think that's a good next step.
And as far as I understand, I haven't had time to triple check this, but I think there's no approved COVID shots for healthy children under 12 anymore with the removal of the EUA because those shots were on the children's schedule while under EUA, which I don't think has ever been done before.
So I think that's really good.
Of course, they're still recommended for vulnerable children.
And I'm sure their parents will go in and argue that my child is vulnerable and they can still get it.
But I think it's a good next step.

[SPEAKER_14]
So weren't schools requiring the COVID vaccine?
Do they still do that?

[SPEAKER_10]
They were illegally requiring it in California, which is the state I'm most familiar with.
And our lawsuits with the co-plaintiff Perk that we did against LAUSD and Piedmont School District stopped that in its tracks.

[SPEAKER_14]
Oh, so California schools are no longer mandating the COVID vaccine.

[SPEAKER_10]
No, because they didn't have the authority to do that.
The schools don't have the authority, the principal doesn't, the superintendent does not either.
It has to be the legislature or the Department of Public Health, and they didn't make that move.

[SPEAKER_14]
Right, so wouldn't it be ironic if they had a mandate in place, they yanked the EUA and now no kid can attend school because the mandate's in place and they can't get the vaccine?
Wow, wouldn't that be poetic justice?

[SPEAKER_10]
It would be, yeah.
If any schools are still mandating the COVID shot, that would be very poetic justice.

[SPEAKER_02]
Question from Paula D. Gordon, if it is the case that the mRNA COVID injections have contributed to immunosuppression, then wouldn't that modify the effects of measles and measles vaccinations since 2020?

[SPEAKER_10]
I would imagine yes.
Yeah, because every vaccination is said to give you kind of pinpointed protection in the form of IgG antibodies, but suppresses your immune system overall every time you get a vaccination.
So yes, that fits in that pattern.

[SPEAKER_02]
Question from Welcome the Eagle.
Would 29 uncounted deaths in VAERS move the needle on any of your graphs?

[SPEAKER_10]
No, no, but I can, I can update it because I did that graph a few months ago.

[SPEAKER_02]
Thank you, Albert.
Question from Martha Jean in Tucson.
And I think this Steve might be able to answer this.
Where does one buy chlorine dioxide?

[SPEAKER_14]
Oh, you, you, you, you, you make it where you could, you well, but you buy, you buy the either you can buy the chemicals or the tablets.

[SPEAKER_10]
Right and you can get it by fluoride.
I think it's called and then you need an activator, which is.

[SPEAKER_14]
Hydrochloric acid to activate it for 4%.
Hydrochloric acid 4% or 5% hydrochloric acid.

[SPEAKER_10]
And there's different websites that pop up every now and then that sell it and then they get shut down.
It's very hard to find.
Yeah, so for water purification solution is usually how they sell it.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah.
And so, uh, I have a couple of sub stacks on, uh, on chlorine dioxide.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
I was just going to recommend going to Steve's up stack and he's got a whole sub stack.

[SPEAKER_14]
Got a nice little video on how I make a chlorine dioxide that runs 90 seconds.

[SPEAKER_02]
Question from glass.
How easy it is.
Yeah.
Definitely check that out.
Question from Glass Gun.
Alex, is the Merck vaccine producer manufacturer known to doctor test results in their vaccines, specifically the MMR vaccine?

[SPEAKER_10]
Thanks Peter for setting me up with a softball question.
Yeah, there's a film called protocol 7 all about how Merck cheated on the months part of the MMR vaccine because the MMR vaccine is measles, mumps and rebella.
And because they weren't getting the right level of antibody increase before and after the mumps vaccine.
They injected rabbits with the mumps vaccine and then took the antibodies from rabbit blood and they spiked the after samples of human blood to make it look like the mumps vaccine was working better than it did.
They faked a lot of data in the lab and they did a lot of other things that are criminal.
However, they lost, believe it or not, they lost the case and they lost the appeal.

[SPEAKER_14]
So I don't know where that one's going next, but- When you say they, you're talking about the
the people suing the drug companies that they lost.
Yes.
The drug companies won because they argued that the government knew about the fraud and was in on it.

[SPEAKER_10]
So it's not their fault.
The government knew.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_10]
So, so bad.

[SPEAKER_02]
Question from Tulsen 718.
Shouldn't you compare deaths in a 100% vaccinated group versus deaths in a 100% unvaccinated group instead of vaccine deaths versus measles deaths in a 92% vaccinated group?

[SPEAKER_10]
That would be great if we could get that data.
I agree.
I don't think we can get that data, unfortunately.

[SPEAKER_14]
You can do any comparisons between the various vaccine levels, but the best comparisons are with cohorts that are far apart in terms of the vaccination percentage.
But the closer they are, the more they overlap, the lower the signal.
If you're looking to prove that vaccines cause autism,
you or that they don't cause autism, then you just do a study with using the MMR vaccine and say, oh, these kids got the full vaccine schedule, but these kids didn't get any MMR.
And look, there's no difference.
The difference is you compare the kids who got no vaccines versus the kids that got all the vaccines.
And then you see this huge difference.

[SPEAKER_10]
I just remember that Dr. James Lyons-Wyler did this study with Dr. Paul Thomas on his data in his practice where he had variably vaccinated pediatric patients.
And there is data in there showing that the unvaccinated kids did get a little bit more pertussis and a little bit more chickenpox, but not measles.
So that gets you a little closer to the answer to that, because that was a vaccinated versus unvaccinated study.

[SPEAKER_14]
They didn't get more measles.

[SPEAKER_10]
They did not.
Just a little bit more pertussis and a little bit more chickenpox.

[SPEAKER_14]
Okay, so that would argue that the MMR vaccine doesn't work.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, the unvaccinated kids did not get measles at all.
What?
Yes, it didn't show up in those data.

[SPEAKER_14]
You mean the vaccines didn't work?
But, you know, it's hard to know, right?
Because they can argue that, well, the reason they didn't get any measles is because there were so many kids that were
A vaccinated for the measles that there's no measles being spread around and there's and therefore the vaccinated protected the unvaccinated and you.
So they'll argue that that data is.

[SPEAKER_10]
Confounded yes, that's that's what people will argue that this is kind of a tragedy of the common situation where all these unvaccinated are really relying more and more on the vaccinated to protect the herd.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yes, protect the herd.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_02]
Question from Dr. Laura.
Prior to 2024, the number of mutations of the measles virus was very low.
Is that correct?

[SPEAKER_10]
Prior to 2015, there were very few mutations of the D8 strain only.
We didn't look at other strains because the D8 one was the most predominant in West Texas.

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay.
And that correlates with the chart that you showed earlier where the big spike happened in 2015.

[SPEAKER_10]
Correct.

[SPEAKER_02]
And I've got a question from Olga Vida.
Alex, another EUA question.
Sasha Latopova said RFK Jr. is the only one who can remove it.
Is that true?

[SPEAKER_10]
That's one of the four tenants of getting an e way approved.
The secretary of HHS has to declare and maintain a state of emergency.
So he could, he could stop the emergency.
Cause then I think that would also end the prep act, but he could also end the prep act to do it.

[SPEAKER_02]
That's the big one.
Isn't it?

[SPEAKER_14]
If he could end that one, that will solve a lot of problems.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, but there's rumors that within a matter of months, Dr. Asim Malhotra is going around saying that in a number of months that HHS is going to pull the COVID shots.

[SPEAKER_14]
We will have to schedule a celebration for that day.

[SPEAKER_10]
Absolutely.
I'll be there.

[SPEAKER_02]
And Steve, before we bring our next guest on, I have one question for you from Welcome the Eagle.
Steve, have you filed your permanent disability VAERS report?
You should have a VAERS report on principle alone.

[SPEAKER_14]
I haven't.
I don't know that it was related.
I probably should file it.
I haven't had time.
I'm kind of like most people.
I'm contributing to the underreporting factor.

[SPEAKER_10]
Well, you don't have to prove that it's related.
That's not.

[SPEAKER_14]
No, I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.

[SPEAKER_10]
But your medical provider is required by law to report it.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
Well, Alex, can you stick around with us for a little longer?

[SPEAKER_04]
I'd love to.

[SPEAKER_02]
I want to bring on Nurse Angela and Sam and Christopher.
Welcome to VSRF Live.
Angela and Sam and Christopher, how are you?

[SPEAKER_04]
We're all right.

[SPEAKER_11]
We're hanging in there.

[SPEAKER_02]
So Angela, you are in Hawaii and you are with Kit's parents.
And can you give us a little bit of the story, a little background as to what happened and how you're contributing, what you're doing there to help?

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah.
Alex, you'll be shocked or maybe you won't be shocked by this, but Kit was born at 29 weeks.
He, you know, mom has had previous pregnancies.
Healthy pregnancies and that day he wasn't moving.
So she decided to go and she was getting care by a midwife and she went in and they decided to do an emergency c-section saying that he needed to come out.
He weighed a little over 1000 grams so he was 2.6 pounds and.
one of the first things they did to this poor little baby and Libby, if you want to show what he looked like when he was born is so cute.
Um, one of the first things that they did to him against the parents consent was to give hepatitis B and the HBIG vaccine.
He was what, how many minutes old was he?
Under five minutes, under five minutes, under five minutes old.
Um, you know, little over two pounds.
And that was a priority.
And you know, little preemie babies,
They have some respiratory issues.
They usually have blood sugar issues.
They have, you know, a hard time maintaining their temperature.
But the hospital's priority at that time was to immediately ask the mom for permission to give
hepatitis and the hep B and the H big vaccine.
And she said, you know, I don't have hepatitis and I'm not consenting to this.
And they went ahead and they gave it anyway.
And the parents didn't find out about it until they asked for medical records and it was on their medical records, which is just catastrophic.
It just goes to show that, you know, patients need advocates when they go into the hospital.
Cause this poor little baby has been for so much
medical harm from the stories that I've heard from Samantha and Christopher.

[SPEAKER_04]
It's just been, you know, what you've seen since you got here.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, it's been really difficult.
You know, hospitals can be a life-saving place to go and they can also be a place where to avoid as we've learned through COVID and it's just been nothing short of
mistake, mistake after mistake.
And so it's really, really, really horrible.
Even if you look at the CDC website, it states that a baby should not be given hepatitis unless they weigh 4.4 pounds.
If a mom is hep B negative, which she's always tested negative, she's never had a positive hepatitis B test, a baby that weighs less than 4.4 pounds should not be given hep B.
And so they even went against hospital protocol.
So you can kind of see there where I underlined in black, B was given and H big was given within minutes of birth.

[SPEAKER_02]
And this this report is showing what they gave, right?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yes.
And his if you look at that photo that you pulled up of him the night he was born, his oxygen cannulas are not even in his nose.
And so there was more priority on giving him the vaccine than there was.

[SPEAKER_14]
Oh, wow.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_14]
Oh, wow.

[SPEAKER_06]
It wasn't until dad pointed it out after a while that they finally tightened them up when he took the second photo.
And I mean, when they brought it in, they basically, when I said, I, I, I'm on drugs.
I've come out of a traumatic C-section just moments ago.
I'm not able to make an informed decision about this.
I already knew that I already knew how I felt about it, but I knew how they were going to be about it.
And I also knew I never had a baby that size before.
And.
that I had the right to take the time to make an informed decision.
And when I told them that, like, I don't know anything about a baby of this gestation or size.
I need to have time to talk to a doctor that I can trust and see what is going to be in his best interest.
And she told me, you have to give him at least the vitamin K. You could basically kill him if you don't.
We're going to give him that.
We were like, okay, because we just didn't know what to do.
But then come to find out they gave him both hepatitis B,

[SPEAKER_04]
She brought in a clipboard and had the paper folded and had another paper hiding most of the form and had her sign for the vitamin K. But then upon discharge, we found that there were two doses of hep B given on that.

[SPEAKER_11]
Nice.
And this poor little baby.
Kit, you can see there, if you go back, Livio, the federal law requires healthcare providers to give parents a HEPI information statement before administering the vaccine.
That was never given to them.
And then you can see below based on CDC guidelines, the first dose of HEPI for very low birth weight may be delayed until they meet a certain weight or age to ensure a better immune response.

[SPEAKER_14]
This- It doesn't say must, right?

[SPEAKER_11]
If you look at, per the CDC, I think, Livia, if you see one of the other ones that I sent you, you can see according to CDC and American Academy of Pediatrics, it does, if a mother is happy negative, delay vaccine until the baby reaches 2000 grams, this baby weighed a little over 1000, or until one month of age, whichever comes first.
So it's amazing how the guidelines and what's even more shocking.
Sam and Christopher called me last week and they said, you know, I don't know what to do about the rest of the vaccines.

[SPEAKER_06]
Cause they came in how many times like, so fast forward seven and a half months in, he has had so many different injuries at the hospital's hands.
We've had to transfer him to a different hospital just to get him to somewhat of a safer scenario.
We got him to the new hospital.
He has to get a tracheostomy and a G-tube.
He's five days post-op of a tracheostomy, which they did not measure to see what size trachy needs.
So he's suffering airway damage, which he did not have.
He now has tracheomalacia and they're trying to basically pin that off on us and say, oh, he could have had that before, even though in his bronchoscopy he did not.
And he's suffering from all this and the doctor comes in, his incisions aren't even healed up.
He's struggling to breathe, having clamped down events.
And he hands me a form and says,
I want to give him nine vaccines today.
And it was, he wanted to give them the COVID shot, the current flu vaccine, the MMR, the DTA, the measles, mumps, and rubella, the additional hep B, or the other one.
All of them, all of them.
He wanted to give them all of them.

[SPEAKER_14]
This is unbelievable.

[SPEAKER_06]
And he sent me this piece of paper and he says, you know, we're going to respect your decision no matter what.
And we were like,
I wrote them all down in my phone.
I listened to him very intently.
And I said, OK, I'll talk to my people and I'll get back to you.
It was a Friday afternoon.
He comes in the next day on Saturday morning.
It's not even been 16 hours later.
And he says, did you decide about the vaccines?
And I said, no, it's Saturday.
I haven't had a chance to talk to anybody.
And he hands me the form that had been sitting on the counter from yesterday, which I never even looked at.
And he says, well, that's fine.
I just want you to go ahead and sign this so that we don't
accidentally give them a vaccine, you know, until you know what you want to do.
And I look at the form and it essentially says I am knowingly endangering my child by declining these vaccines at this at this time.
And they came in four days in a row and I kept taking the sheet home and they kept coming in with a new one with everything and basically telling me you need to sign this.
incredibly hostile as well.

[SPEAKER_04]
And just to back up a little bit, when we were at the previous hospital, it got to the point of hostility to where we were kicked out of the hospital for, our child was having a seizure and we asked for a doctor to come to the room.
Instead of a doctor coming, security came and kicked us out and we were illegally separated from our son for seven days.

[SPEAKER_14]
Wow.

[SPEAKER_04]
We got back in was by making a social movement and going public with it.
And so,
there was already an air of medical kidnapping that has gone on.
And so now handing us a form four days in a row that says, I'm knowingly endangering my child by signing this.
It's scary.
It felt extremely volatile.
And that's when we called Angela.

[SPEAKER_14]
I'm sure that plays well in a court of law when they're, they're trying to pin the blame on you and instead of accepting the blame.

[UNKNOWN]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_06]
They tried, they've tried to pin everything on us.
I mean, even
This child was at 28% oxygen and he was ready for extubation that day that we got kicked out.
And he came down with an infection, which we had known that he had rare pseudonymous in his lungs from his bronchoscopy two weeks prior.
The doctor said if he starts to come down with symptoms of an infection, we'll treat him.
Well, we saw him having a seizure and his eyes were puffy and it was clear he had an infection.
We asked for the doctor to come.
We get kicked out and they start to spin a narrative saying that he needs a tracheostomy right now that we're declining it.
Even though the surgeon has come in multiple times in the past month and said, no, that this child is not a candidate for a tracheostomy.
He doesn't need one.
You know, he's coming down on his oxygen needs and long and short as they left, they left him with the infections for five weeks until we transferred him to another unit.
And they found that he had three really gnarly infections treated them.
But we could never get out of the narrative and the damage that had been done by that point with the infections, the ventilator trauma, and just what the hospital was aiming to do.
They were going to get those surgeries, whether we liked it or not.

[SPEAKER_04]
And now he has a trach, which changes everything for him and for us for years to come.

[SPEAKER_02]
Is anyone attributing any of this to the vaccines at either of the hospitals?

[SPEAKER_14]
Oh, no.
Safe and effective vaccines.
Are you kidding?

[SPEAKER_02]
But like, even under their breath, none of the nurses, no one's come up to you at all and said, hey, maybe nothing.

[SPEAKER_11]
Well, those vaccines, Olivia, saved Kit from hepatitis that mom didn't have.
So they saved him.

[SPEAKER_14]
Well, dodge that bullet.

[SPEAKER_11]
Dodge that bullet.
Mom and dad don't have hepatitis.
They know they've been tested for it in the past.
They know they don't have it.
But thank goodness they gave them both those shots.

[SPEAKER_04]
In Kit's first couple of weeks at the NICU,
he was presenting a lot of side effect signs that come from getting Hep B.
And so he had tachypnea that they couldn't resolve.

[SPEAKER_06]
Intermittent apnea and things like that.
And they were just saying, oh, this is just normal.
I mean, he would be perfectly fine.
And then he would just have these tachypneic and apneic episodes when he was at 26% auction.
So he's 5% away from Roam Air.

[SPEAKER_04]
And he was 17 days old, 26% ready to get off of a ventilator.
Wow.
And then a nurse came in, improperly moved him just by herself when it was a three person job.
Do you want to tell the rest of it?

[SPEAKER_06]
Basically she stepped on his pick line and she rained him out with the ventilator fluid.
And instead of charting it, she hit it and we tried, we had to fight drown in front of us and water poured out of his nose.

[SPEAKER_14]
Oh, wow.

[SPEAKER_06]
So he declined really rapidly after that and presented with pneumatosteels and then his lungs collapsed about a week or two, a week and a half later.
And everything became about, oh, he just has BPD.
This is all his fault.
You know, never the vaccines, never the rain out, never any accountability for anything.
It's just all been spun back on us.

[SPEAKER_04]
And soon after he, soon after he drowned and then had his lungs collapsed,
Uh, one night he had a nurse and we asked her to come give him suction.
And she looked at us, put her phone down and said, Oh, you want me to touch him?
And she came in and picked him up and body slammed him onto his bed and broke his clavicle.

[SPEAKER_11]
Whoa.

[SPEAKER_04]
You gotta be kidding.

[SPEAKER_11]
Flip him over or whatever.

[SPEAKER_04]
And then started neopuffing.
He would use his lungs were collapsing and she started to use the neopuff, but she wasn't holding his intubation tube.
So she was pushing in and out.
Wow.
was going in and out about an inch and he was flailing on the table and he was three pounds at this point.

[SPEAKER_06]
Oh, wow.
Child welfare services doesn't care about it.

[SPEAKER_14]
They just casually call child protective services.

[SPEAKER_04]
We did.
So here's the interesting thing.
The next day we found a police report.
The police said it was a civil matter that there's nothing they could do.
We need to take it up with the hospital higher ups.
We speak with the higher ups and they say, Oh, you filed your police report wrong.
You're supposed to come to us and we file a police report for you.
Then after the hospital engaged CWS, when they have kicked us out, our attorney reached out to CWS and said, what is being done about the nurse who broke kids clavicle?
And she said, Oh, you need to talk to Hawaii PD about that.
That's not, CWS doesn't investigate the welfare of children in the hospital.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah.
They just, they just go after the parents.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah.
It's too bad.
The child protective services ought to be to, to, uh, protect the child from the hospital, not to protect the child from the parents.

[SPEAKER_04]
And Hawaii has a very abnormal rate of
missing children of displaced children, children being placed in abusive homes.
There's very prominent news.

[SPEAKER_06]
A lot of public cases right now.

[SPEAKER_04]
There's public cases.

[SPEAKER_06]
Children being taken from perfectly, you know, there's a couple where they shouldn't have been in the homes they were in, but they were put into more abusive homes.
And then there's a few where they were just taken, not when it, when a grandmother or another family member was stepping up and present to take care of the child.
But, you know, these social workers are more,
concerned about putting them into homes where I think we have like six pretty high profile cases in the state of Hawaii in just the last couple of years where children have been killed in these foster homes.

[SPEAKER_04]
And then not to mention the abnormalities of abuse from this specific hospital because it is the only NICU for all of the islands even into Micronesia and Guam.
So if you have a baby that has to go to a NICU, they come to this specific facility on Oahu.
It's an 80-bed NICU.
And we would watch them kick out multiple families every week.
And in Angela's career, she mentioned that she never kicked anybody out and other NICU administrators have told us the same.

[SPEAKER_11]
I have never, I've never called CPS to kick out a parent that was concerned or advocating or stating their wishes.
I mean, in 17 years that I did this at a hospital, I had never once thrown out a family.
And I'm just shocked to hear that in this NICU, it's like weekly, you know, and they were kicked out.

[SPEAKER_14]
It's weekly.

[SPEAKER_06]
When we got there, our nurses, there was a couple of nurses that really liked us and they would tell us basically,
don't try to advocate for this, this or this, because this doctor is really aggressive with CPS, you know, guys just don't come in during the day, wait till she's off shift because she doesn't like you.
I'm like, well, wait, we've never met this doctor one time.
How is word on the block that she doesn't like us and that she's going to call CPS on us.
And we've had, we've had since the beginning of all this and going public, we've had,
I would say at least 80 different families come forward to us.
Multiple are in current lawsuits.
Many want to pursue lawsuits.
Almost 90% of them had child welfare services called on them when they questioned the doctor's care.
We watched multiple babies go brain dead in the same hallway that we were in mysteriously.

[SPEAKER_04]
They were about to go home and then they put them on a central line
and give them TBN solutions.
And then the next day the baby is brain dead and they blame it on the mother saying usually they tell most mothers that their baby is allergic to their own breast milk.

[SPEAKER_06]
We've met nurses who quit working in the PICU because of the bad things that go on because of the way that they drug the children.
We've met a woman who knows a nurse that quit working at this hospital because of the extremely high rate of brain death.
on the newborn baby.

[SPEAKER_04]
And we've spoken to multiple mothers who had their children quite literally medically murdered and they have never spoken about any of it because they felt so threatened and so terrified until they saw their story and they felt comfortable coming forward to us.
So we, by way of our son having to suffer insane tragedy.

[SPEAKER_06]
Just uncovered a huge systemic issue that's going on here.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, so it happens over and over and over again.

[SPEAKER_10]
Over yeah, I did watch your story a little bit in the other recording you did with nurse Angela and there seemed to be some weirdness around how soon your baby was delivered.
Also was that would would your baby have been able to continue just dating if the hospital hadn't intervened.

[SPEAKER_06]
100%.

[SPEAKER_04]
We truly believe so.
We went in just because he wasn't moving.
And in hindsight, when we were driving to the hospital, we felt him start to stir around and we were like, well, was this all for nothing?
We're like, let's just check and be sure.
It was so fast.
We walk in, they immediately hook us up to an ultrasound to run a biophysical profile to see and measure.
Now the problem with that
They did it in opposite.
They were trying to keep us from talking, from moving.
They wouldn't let Sam have ice or drink water.
They were just keeping everything still and keeping her in an awkward position on her side.
And then the tech admitted that he had never done one of these tests before.
And so then right after he's done, he walks out and the doctor, a doctor we had not met yet, comes in wearing a mask and she looks us dead in the eye and she says, I want to cut your baby out in 20 minutes.

[SPEAKER_06]
But not, I want to do a C-section.
I want to cut your baby out.

[SPEAKER_10]
That's disgusting language.

[SPEAKER_06]
It was terrible.
And I asked her, there was an OB there that I knew, I had asked the nurse, is this doctor there?
Because he delivered one of my previous children and knew me very well.
And I asked her, is he here?
And she said, yes, he's here.
I said, is he in unit right now?
And she's like, yeah, he is.
And I asked, can I talk to him?
She said, you're going to have to ask the doctor about that.
So when she said to me, you know, what she wanted to do, I said, can you please call him?
And she said, no.
And I said, I want to talk to him.
I know him.
I would feel more comfortable discussing this with him.
Please just give me the five minutes.
Like, let me talk to him.
They would not.
I had asked them two times for the steroids for the baby's lungs.
They would not give it.
I asked them, you know, I said, well, the ultrasound tech said that he doesn't know how to do this test.
when he got up, he basically said, let me see what they want to do.
We might need to call somebody else in here basically to redo the test.
And so when he goes out and he tells her, it seems like she was pretty happy with the, the poor results that he came up with because he didn't know how to do it.
And she was just like, no, you don't have a choice.
And we asked if we could leave.
They basically told us, no, I've met another mother who went in and she was a Jehovah's witness and she
She tried to refuse a blood transfusion and they prioritized her child when it got a court order within an hour, struck her to the table, gave her a blood transfusion and delivered her child.
And so, because I had known that that has happened at that hospital before.

[SPEAKER_04]
And we felt it in the air with our situation when we asked if we could go home and the way that they were saying no, we had no option at that point.
They had trapped us and so we had to deliver and they started operating on Sam before she was numb.
and she had told them, I can feel it.
And she was shaking on the table and they already had pulled our son out before they even brought me in.

[SPEAKER_06]
He was coming into the door and like saw her like slashing and he was out before he could even like cross the threshold.

[SPEAKER_04]
And she did not, it was not a surgery.
It was a slash and pull.

[SPEAKER_10]
Hey, this is barbaric, inhumane and criminal.
All the way through the whole thing.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
The scar is not,
is not normal.
The healing of it has not been normal.
It's like the entire muscle is just pulled to the side and it was brutal.
And the way that they treated us, the way that, I mean, it's interesting because I had delivered at this hospital two times prior to this.
My previous two deliveries were at this hospital.
And so they knew my history.
They knew that I was hepatitis clear.
They knew that I had been with their OB team.
They knew, you know, like, so they had no-

[SPEAKER_14]
Did this happen to you before for your previous children, the same sort of thing?

[SPEAKER_06]
No.

[SPEAKER_14]
Let's give them 12 vaccines.

[SPEAKER_04]
At the height of COVID.

[SPEAKER_06]
No.

[SPEAKER_04]
And it was an ideal experience.

[SPEAKER_06]
That was the strangest thing.
I delivered there in 2020, and I had the most peaceful delivery ever.
They respected all of my wishes.
They didn't push me for a single vaccine, like not even the high tops that they put in the baby.
They didn't push me for anything.
I had a really peaceful, I had
I had had a midwife with an OB following me.
I, my water broke a couple of days went by labor didn't start.
So she sent me into the hospital and the OB came in and delivered me and it was peaceful.
Nobody tried to force anything on me.
They respected my wishes and they sent me along with my baby after three days.

[SPEAKER_02]
I mean, it was, you had, you had two, two births before kit.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
At this hospital.

[SPEAKER_02]
And when was the other one?
Was that, was that, was that also before 2020 or during 2020 2018?
So all this is happening after the vaccines rolled out in 2021, everything changed.
Yep.

[SPEAKER_11]
And the interesting thing too is they put that her hep B status was unknown.
Same situation with the COVID, you know, even if you get a COVID vaccine, you know, your COVID statuses, your COVID vaccine status is unknown.
And I don't know if they did that to punish her because she was getting midwifery care.

[SPEAKER_04]
And they marked her as no prenatal care.
No prenatal care.
When we arrived to the NICU on Oahu, we went through hell because of the way that they categorized our care.
they, the first week's battle was them trying to catch us as drug addicts, because in his meconium, they found fentanyl.
A doctor came in, closed the door, and just trapped us in the rooms.
Like, so I see you had fentanyl in your system.

[SPEAKER_06]
From the C-section.

[SPEAKER_04]
From the C-section.
And she's like, and I also see you have morphine in your system.

[SPEAKER_06]
She's like, they gave it to you in your C-section, but is there something we need to know?

[SPEAKER_04]
Like something else?
And she said something else like five times trying to just trap us because when they see no prenatal care, they assume drug addict avoiding doctors so they can keep using.

[SPEAKER_06]
Which is crazy because my drug test when I went into the hospital was clear.
Even my previous pregnancy is like,
I am not a person who appears even in the slightest.
And it was so frustrating because after a couple of days, I said, well, wait a second.
I'm like, you, you guys drug testing when I came into the hospital and he doesn't have anything else.
She was like, right, right.

[SPEAKER_04]
And then it just mysteriously they dropped there and then moved on to the next situation that they could grab onto.
And, um, essentially kit for his first three months while there was on trophic feeds for 70% of the time.
So they were essentially starving him.
and then blamed us for his growth curve and ended up not telling us, but they put in his chart that he had extreme malnutrition due to parents subpar feeding choices.

[SPEAKER_14]
You should turn the tables on them and say, well, you have to sign this.

[SPEAKER_06]
I said that one time to the doctor, like, well, do you want to sign this and agree that
that you're okay with if it does hurt my baby during one of the exams.
And she, she just freaked out and ran out.

[SPEAKER_14]
And then she'll accept responsibility for the damage that the vaccine does.

[SPEAKER_06]
She ran out of the room.
She literally turned around and ran out of the room.

[SPEAKER_14]
I have to go here.
I'm, I'm late for, for a family event.
So, but yeah, yeah, yeah.
Good luck.

[SPEAKER_06]
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_14]
Horrible, horrible story.

[SPEAKER_02]
It's a nightmare.
Thank you, Steve.
I want to just say to you that the comments and the outpouring in the chat is overwhelming support and everyone that I'm reading is just completely horrified by this nightmare that you have been put through.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thank you.
Thank you.
It has been so abnormal the whole time and it just keeps
going in these different directions and our whole world has changed, but our baby made it pretty abundantly clear to us that it's not for nothing and that there needs to be change.
And the only way to change things is to fully see them clearly.

[SPEAKER_06]
We're not going to turn a blind eye, you know, and so many of these people that have come forward to us have said, like, you know, they refuse me a translator.
I didn't feel like I could speak up.
I am so traumatized that I don't want to bring it up by, you know, just
These people have had their entire lives ruined and so have we essentially.
We've had everything taken from us.
We've had to be separated from our children, just everything.
But we are the first, it appears as though we're the first people that are strong enough and have our wits about us enough and are intelligent enough to be able to put the pieces together and speak up and stand up for ourselves and for other people.
And hopefully just prevent it from happening to
other babies and other families in the future because that's worth it to us.

[SPEAKER_04]
This is an 80 bed NICU.
And so there's always babies rotating through here.
So if we can bring enough exposure to bring about change, you're saving babies lives every day.

[SPEAKER_06]
It's worth it to save one to me.

[SPEAKER_04]
And we already have like, we've already had parents operate differently because they saw kids story and the hospital tried to run them through the same pattern and their baby was only in the NICU for three weeks and they got her out.
just because of the heat and attention of, you're not gonna do to my baby what you did to Kit.
So things like that.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_02]
I wanna commend you for your positive energy in this moment of crisis and how you're handling it.
It is just beautiful to behold that you're already at that stage where you're seeing how you're helping others who haven't been able to speak up and those that are gonna come behind you.
Um, one of the questions that came from the audience was from welcome the Eagle who's offered to help, uh, fill out a VAERS report.
And there's a, there's an email for you to contact them.
And I was going to ask Angela as well, like, is it possible at this point to get a VAERS report with the hospitals denying everything about the vaccines involvement?

[SPEAKER_11]
We should absolutely fill that I think I think welcome the eagle is who helped me fill out the various report for Alexis as well we we filmed it we what we made sure that it went through and just because we know some things.
happen that are screwy where these reports just disappear.
So yeah, please reach out to me, nurse Angela at vacsafety.org and we should definitely fill out, that would be great, the VAERS report because they actually gave these two shots against the CDC guidelines, based on his weight.
The other thing that people can do to help is share the story, send your positive love and energy, pray, whatever you believe in,
donate.
Livia will put the link up.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, if you could share the link, Janet's going to put it in the chat, but if you can share the link for donating.

[SPEAKER_11]
That would be so helpful.
There's so much that this family needs to transfer to another hospital and get better care.
And it's just a lot.
They're around the clock at the hospital.
So it makes it impossible to work because I'm already feeling a little bit anxious that we're not there right now.
We're anxious that we're not there.
It was important to come on the show, but I have noticed a big difference in his care once I arrived.
They've been giving him excellent care.
I get nervous when there's, you know, I love some of the nurses and then, you know, some are just not the same as the really good ones.
And so.

[SPEAKER_04]
And just to clarify, yeah, he was at the same hospital for six months and then we were able to get him transferred about a month and a half ago or a month ago to another hospital on the island where it's not as nefarious, but it is still negligent.
And so we are working to get him transferred to the mainland so he can get real medical care.
so that we can just bring him home.
He's so ready to come home.
Nurse Angela had him smiling all day yesterday.

[SPEAKER_11]
He was giggling.
He was smiling like mom and dad were at home just taking a little bit of a break because they're exhausted.
They've been doing this for eight months.
So I just spend my days there with him so that they can get things done and get some rest and
He was giggling and laughing even though he's got a trach and he's on a ventilator, but he was just laughing and just, he's the sweetest little boy.
He deserves the world.
And I think that he is going to change the world.
I think that his story is going to help, like they said, make medicine safer and bring awareness that parents need to know that when they go into a hospital and when they say, I do not consent to these vaccines and they're given anyway, hospitals need to be liable for that.
giving medicine without consent.
That's assault and battery, in my opinion.
If a parent refuses, they have the right to refuse.
And the right to not be criminalized for refusing.
And punished for that.

[SPEAKER_02]
So what are the next steps?
What happens next?
I know you mentioned trying to get them to the mainland, but how are you going to get them out of the hospital and into better care?

[SPEAKER_06]
Our living room is actually torn apart.
I have been packing packages all day to ship everything to the mainland because we have been trying to get him to California where we have family and friends and community support.
We're here on Oahu alone.
We haven't had a single person to help us since Angelo arrived.

[SPEAKER_04]
The hospital that we're at is essentially, they're anxious to get rid of us at this point because of
the airway damage and the liabilities and also the heat from the other hospital kind of reaching its hands into this one.
So they have agreed to transfer us to California.
So right now we're really just trying to fundraise to get there and then also to get Kit the therapies that he's going to need to actually get help
because they have done so much damage to him that there's hope, but it's going to be a long road of specialists and a lot of nurse analyst friends that really have the modalities and methods to heal his nervous system, heal his brain, heal his lungs, and give him a life that he deserves because he's only known hospital walls for eight months and it's devastating.

[SPEAKER_06]
I'm pretty sure he has pretty extensive heavy metal like aluminum overload, not only from the vaccines, but they
had been given him TPN solutions, which are essentially just like mineral and nutrient solutions that they would normally give a preterm baby who can't eat.
But from anybody that's looked through his records, they can't find anywhere in the records where they were monitoring the aluminum metal levels or triglycerides in his blood to see that he was getting the right amounts of those things.
And he definitely has a lot of neurological issues displaying.
His eyes can't, you know, he can't
look straight at you.

[SPEAKER_04]
And when we gave the NICU administrator, our refusal for those TPN solutions is when the retaliation turned up to an 11.
And so essentially it feels as though we found their smoking gun by experiencing it of how they make babies sick on repeat in this hospital.
The number of brain dead babies that we saw ourselves and made friends with these parents and saw their babies had swell
and they would put a diaper on the head to absorb the fluid that was leaking out.

[SPEAKER_11]
Aren't you supposed to test aluminum levels if you're on TPN?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yes, you're supposed to closely monitor.

[SPEAKER_10]
Do you know, there's a really easy way to get aluminum out.
And in a baby, you'd probably have to titrate this down.
But in an adult, it's drinking a liter of Fiji water every day for four to six months.
And it significantly reduces the levels of aluminum because of the naturally occurring level of salicylic acid that binds to the aluminum in natural spring water.
But it's only Fiji and Vuldic that's been tested.
So unfortunately, there's no spring water in a glass bottle that has been tested.
So Fiji water is the way to get that aluminum out.

[SPEAKER_06]
Okay.
Okay.
Yeah, that's really good to know.
He has a G tube, so it's nice because we have access to be able to give him what he needs.
Yeah.
Thank you.
I appreciate that.

[SPEAKER_02]
Janet's going to put the link in the chat again to donate to this family with this incredible nightmare of a story.
And the GoFundMe is in the chat.
Anything you can do to help will be greatly appreciated.

[SPEAKER_04]
You can learn more about Kit's story on Instagram.
It's at underscore the divine union.

[SPEAKER_06]
It used to be my business page, but it's not a business page anymore.
It's, it's all kit and his whole story.

[SPEAKER_04]
But you can see the real time events from the whole, from the beginning and really learn the depth because we didn't even get into so many of the horrible things that happened.

[SPEAKER_06]
So just a couple of months ago and there's stories from other families and things like that on there too, if anybody's interested.

[SPEAKER_02]
Um, I'm sending you all of mine and the entire audience and everyone here, the best wishes and prayers and hope for a speedy resolution to get kit out and get you safely back to the mainland.
And, um, that kid leads a beautiful, strong life, uh, through all this trauma that he's experiencing in you as well.

[SPEAKER_11]
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you to Janet too.
Um, our Janet behind the scenes, she's actually here on the Island.
So it's wonderful having her here and being able to see her and she's, you know, a big help.
So it's, it takes a village for sure.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
Janet's an MVP for sure.
Um, I want to thank you for coming on and sharing your story.
Alex, I want to thank you for the incredible presentation.
and all the work that you do and hope to bring you back again soon as things continue to unfold at HHS and with everything that's happening with the vaccines in general.

[SPEAKER_10]
Indeed.
Well, there'll be another PowerPoint presentation coming out of me.
It just happens.
Well, kids parents, I'm so happy to meet you and hear more details about that horrific story.
And thank God it's turned you into activists.
I think activists, I think kit is going to change a lot of lives and change the system.

[SPEAKER_11]
Like you, Alex, I mean, your tragedy of being vaccine injured has turned you into this incredible fierce.
warrior for all of us.
So sometimes lemonade out of lemons.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yes, we do.
You did too Angela, everybody here.
So God bless everyone.
I actually have to go to an appointment too.
So I'm going to say sayonara and I'll see you all soon.

[SPEAKER_02]
Thank you.
Thank you all for being here and wish you all the best.
Okay.
Everyone hang in there.
I got a couple of announcements to make and an interesting video that I put together to share to close out the show.
I know it's been a long night, but I do want to remind you that
Our raffle is ending next Wednesday night and the winner will be announced next Thursday.
And so if you have not already got your ticket for the giveaway for the Super Palm 1050, a handheld therapeutic light device from SunPower LED, $10 per entry gets you in and gets you a shot at this device that's worth $1,900.
And another quick reminder that I want to share is this debate that's happening with Dr. Pierre Khoury and Steve Kirsch coming up in New York City.
Let me share my screen on this.
Give me two seconds here.
All right, here it comes.
The debate will be Saturday, September 13th, Broxlandia, New York.
Tickets are $49.
You need to register in advance.
We'll drop the link.
Janet's going to put the link to get the tickets in the chat right now.
Come out and cheer on Pierre and Steve.
And I'll be there as well.
And also Sunday, September 14, we're hosting a special VSR a fundraiser dinner in Manhattan.
Steve Dr. Pierre Corey and Dr. Meryl Nass will be joining us with their spouses.
This is a rare chance to connect with leaders in the health freedom movement.
and support VSRF's work to attend the dinner, make a donation of $2,500 or more to VSRF.
I know this is out of the reach for many out there in the audience, but for those that can join us and want this intimate dinner with Pierre and Dr. Nass and Steve and their family and their spouses, it's going to be a really special evening.
You can email Hillary at Hill, H-I-L, at treatearly.org with the subject line, Debate Dinner Sunday.
The subject line should be Debate Dinner Sunday to reserve your spot.
The location will be shared privately and we hope to see you in New York.
And then reset for next week.
We have Chief Warrant Officer Duncan J. Searcy, a U.S. Army whistleblower and Apache pilot.
After refusing the COVID-19 vaccine, he was grounded, lost pay and benefits, and faced major personal hardships, all while raising two young children.
He will be our special guest next week.
So don't miss this episode with Duncan Searcy.
Sorry, I'm a little bit out of sorts here trying to wrap up the show.
And as we close out tonight, there's a video montage I created because three other CDC officials were ousted today.
And I wanted to find out a little bit about their backstory, including Dr. Dan Jernigan, Dr. Deb Howry, and Dr. Dimitri Sidaskelaskis.
Now watch the video all the way through and you'll see Dr. Das Galaskis at the end enjoying one of his hobbies.
These are wild times we are living in, but you'll get a little glimpse as to who these people are and what they stand for.
So thank you for joining us on this great episode tonight and we will see you all hopefully again next week.
Have a great rest of your weekend and or evening and weekend.
Good night.

[SPEAKER_07]
It's not just Monarez that is stepping away from the agency.
Take a look at this.
Some of her deputies have issued their resignations today.
So these top CDC officials have also resigned after Monarez was ousted, including Dan Jernigan.

[SPEAKER_13]
Could you speak to that, Dr. Jernigan?
Can you receive it or can you transmit it after receiving the COVID-19 vaccines?

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, I think having worked at CDC for 30 years and seeing the benefits of vaccine, you know, we have to make the best recommendation.

[SPEAKER_13]
Can you transmit it or can you receive it after receiving the COVID-19 vaccine?

[SPEAKER_08]
We need to make the best recommendations.

[SPEAKER_13]
That's a yes or no question.
It's very simple.
Commander Grimes, can you still get COVID after getting the COVID-19 vaccine?

[SPEAKER_08]
Yes.
Yes.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yes.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_08]
That's correct.

[SPEAKER_13]
I would ask you, Dr. Jernigan, why does the CDC website then list it as a vaccine preventable disease and why does it call it a recommended immunization?

[SPEAKER_08]
Vaccine preventable diseases are referring to things that benefit from getting the vaccine.
What we know with COVID is it does prevent you from getting severe disease, hospitalizations and deaths.

[SPEAKER_13]
I agree.
No one's questioning that.
No one's questioning that.
But it's listed among these other the issue right now and why we're seeing a bunch of vaccine hesitancy is because the information coming from the federal government has been murky at best on this subject.
And so people don't know what to trust.
And so my question to you is why do you list this along with other very proven that have a long set of scientific data as as a as a vaccine that prevents disease?

[SPEAKER_08]
All vaccines have variable different levels of effectiveness.
And so this is a vaccine preventable disease, just like all the others are.

[SPEAKER_13]
OK. You have done a great job of filibustering my time.

[SPEAKER_07]
Also the chief medical officer, Deborah Howry.

[SPEAKER_00]
Now, Dr. Howry, will we still be able to track adverse events with vaccines?

[SPEAKER_01]
Thank you.
It's so important to address this.
And first, I just want to say that COVID-19 vaccines are safe and effective.
Millions of people in the U.S. have received these vaccines under the most intense safety monitoring
and our history, and CDC's vaccine safety efforts are not tied to the public health emergency, so they will continue.
And this includes our long-standing vaccine safety system that ensures that vaccines are as safe as possible by monitoring them after they are authorized or approved to identify any possible risks.
And we know that hearing about vaccine safety can instill confidence in communities nationwide and by building trust, by answering questions and sharing data along the way.
This is where we really look to all of you as physicians to be the trusted messenger and share facts like bivalent boosters provide 2.7 times protection against death.

[SPEAKER_07]
And yet another official, Dimitri Deskalakis.

[SPEAKER_12]
Monkeypox can spread to anyone through close, personal, often skin-to-skin contact, including during sex.
This includes oral, anal, and vaginal sex or touching the genitals or butt of a person with monkeypox, hugging, cuddling, massage, and kissing, touching fabrics and objects during sex that were used by a person with monkeypox and that have not been cleaned, such as bedding, towels, fetish gear, and sex toys.

[SPEAKER_07]
So this is shaping up to be quite the bloodbath at the CDC here.
