[SPEAKER_03]
you

[SPEAKER_04]
six o'clock in the morning and i can't wait to get my day going i've been sleeping and dreaming now it's time to get up with the sun rise rise above the ashes of yesterday he's undone
Give me the strength to follow through.
I think it's already sundown and I've still got so much to do now but this is the one and only moment where we get to keep the magic unfolding My mind's been telling me what to be thinking about trying to figure out how but I don't want that doubt to creep in and ruin all the visions I've been having

[SPEAKER_03]
inside me

[SPEAKER_04]
And I've got to let it out Yeah, I know what I'm supposed to do now Got this feeling and I've got to I've got to let it in It's almost midnight, there's a full moon Outside my window, this day's gonna be over soon Count my blessings and say thank you For this life I know I can't give too much gratitude
No one else can tell this story like I

[SPEAKER_06]
Tonight on VSRF Live, doctors Mark Gallilli and Ken Stoller will delve into the severe and often overlooked side effects of certain common antibiotics and discuss innovative treatments offering hope to those affected.

[SPEAKER_02]
I was prescribed a common antibiotic called Ciprofloxacin for an infection that I had.
You know, as a medical doctor myself, every medication we prescribe, there are hundreds of side effects, but you would never think there would be such severe effects.
I was completely crippled.
I had to physically crawl.
I said, oh my God, this drug poisoned me.

[SPEAKER_09]
When you get a stroke or a traumatic brain injury or an anoxic injury, what hyperbaric oxygen can do, it doesn't bring dead cells back to life, but it rehabilitates them, turns them back on.
Hyperbaric oxygen affects all the organs.
I mean, it can like regrow a diseased liver like you wouldn't believe.

[SPEAKER_06]
Welcome everyone to another powerful and informative episode of VSRF Live.
I'm Livio Sanchez and we're so glad to have you with us.
Tonight, we're featuring two remarkable doctors who are leading voices in the world of healing and recovery.
First, we'll be joined by Dr. Mark Gallilli,
who will share his personal story of surviving a devastating reaction to fluoroquinoline antibiotics, a class of drugs that has harmed far too many.
Dr. Gallilli's journey from being in a wheelchair to reclaiming his health and vitality is nothing short of inspiring.
He now dedicates his life to helping others recover from similar injuries.
And later in the show, we're thrilled to welcome Dr. Kenneth Stoller,
a true pioneer in the field of hyperbaric oxygen therapy.
Dr. Stoller will walk us through how hyperbaric oxygen therapy works, how it heals the body at the cellular level, and its promising potential for patients recovering not only from antibiotic injuries but also from vaccine injuries, chronic conditions, and neurological damage.
You definitely won't want to miss this conversation.
It's going to be eye-opening, empowering, and filled with hope.
But first, I want to take a moment to honor Vaccine Safety Research Foundation board member Dr. Mary Talley-Boden.
Today, she was officially recognized by the Texas House.
Representative Stephen Toth, among many others, had incredibly kind words about her tireless work.
championing for early treatment protocols, and fighting for patients' rights to try ivermectin.
I'm going to share a video of that testimony.
Stand by while I get this cued up.
And here it is.

[SPEAKER_05]
I rise today with deep admiration for Dr. Mary Talley-Boden, for her selfless and extraordinary contribution to medicine, her selfless dedication,
to patient care in a resolute defense of medical freedom during the COVID-19 pandemic that cost so many lives.
Dr. Bowden is a board certified ENT and sleep specialist from Houston.
She currently serves as a senior fellow with the Independent Medical Alliance and as a member of the board of directors of the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation.
At the core
of Dr. Bowden's practice lies her steadfast adherence to the Hippocratic oath, which calls on physicians to first do no harm.
During the height of the COVID pandemic, when fear and uncertainty overwhelmed our communities, Dr. Bowden embodied this oath by placing her patient's wellbeing above all else, even at the great personal and professional cost that it continues for her to pay for today.
She listened to her patients, studying emerging data, and made decisions based on what she believed was best for each individual patient.
Dr. Boden became a courageous advocate for early treatment and protocols, championing therapies like ivermectin and high doses of vitamins to combat the virus in its early stages.
Members, I want to take you back to that time all of us lost somebody
close to us, whether it was a brother or a sister, a mother, a father, a grandparent, a close person that we worked with.
It was traumatic.
We all know the pain of walking alongside somebody who lost someone really close to us.
Because some of them were denied the lifesaving treatment that she was offering.
Yet through her tireless efforts, Dr. Bowden successfully treated over 6,000 COVID patients, achieving a remarkable record
of zero fatalities among those she served.
Let that sink in a second.
Six thousand patients, over six thousand patients.
in zero fatalities.
That, members of science.
Each of these patients represents a family spared from the loss.
Each is a testament to Dr. Bowden's commitment to do him what's right, no matter the obstacles, no matter the criticism from the medical establishment.
And I believe that Representative Luther has something she'd like to share as well.

[SPEAKER_02]
Chair recognizes Ms. Luther.

[SPEAKER_01]
Dr. Bowden, you're my spirit animal.
I know that sometimes you feel alone and you're looking around saying, what is everybody doing?
Why aren't more people standing up?
And I want you to know you're not alone in that.
I know exactly what that feels like.
But I want you to know that God surrounds you.
He's proud of you for standing up.
He will protect you and you continue your obedience because that's what you're here on earth to do.
You thought you were just gonna be a doctor and I don't mean just a doctor because you've done amazing things but God has big plans for you and I'm so proud that you continue to stand firm for what you believe in.
Thank you so much.

[SPEAKER_04]
Chair recognizes Mr. Kane.

[SPEAKER_08]
Dr. Bowden.
Thank you.
Thank you for your bravery.
The Texas Medical Board.
You need to put an end to this.
Stop being petty tyrants.
Better get back to her practice.
Leave her and other doctors alone.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_02]
Chair recognizes Mr. Toth.

[SPEAKER_05]
We are a great debt of gratitude, and we're so grateful to you.
We love you.
And as Shelly shared earlier, you're in our prayers.
We know God has yet to do some great things in and through your life and your ministry.
God bless you.
Members, please join me in commending Dr. Bowden.

[SPEAKER_06]
We are so proud to have her on our team and grateful for her dedication to standing up for patient choice and medical freedom.
That was a great moment.
And now without further ado, bring on VSRF founder, Steve Kirsch.
Steve, welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_10]
Good, I'm just getting a call from my doctor.
I've got an eye infection.

[SPEAKER_06]
Oh, great.
I hope he can help you take care of that.
What a special moment for Mary Talley-Boden today.
It's just so great to see.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, no, it was awesome.

[SPEAKER_06]
Of all the doctors, her, she's just been through so much and to see her honored that way.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, and she still is.
I hope that the Texas Medical Board takes heed of what happened.

[SPEAKER_06]
That would be fantastic.
And I mean,
now that they've got the entire Texas legislature behind her.
There should be some work done there to get her off that, get her license back and get going.
There's an announcement that came out today that I want to share that I think is a pretty big deal.
And that is here coming to put it on the screen.
And that is the HHS is going to stop recommending COVID shots for children and pregnant women, according to the Wall Street Journal.
The U.S. Department of Health and Human Resources is planning to drop recommendations for routine COVID-19 vaccines for pregnant women, teens and children.
This is a big deal, Steve, if this actually happens and when it happens to get
even more vaccines off of accommodations.

[SPEAKER_10]
We've been waiting a long time for this moment.
It's a good first step.
And I got to return this call because I got to take care of this thing before.
So this may take like five minutes or so.

[SPEAKER_06]
Go for it.
Hopefully.
Okay, so I'm going to continue on and before I introduce our first guest and I'm going to come back to some other news, but I need Steve to to make some of these other announcements.
So I'm going to jump over and before I bring on Dr. Gillili, I went to his Instagram page today and I saw how many patients he's treated successfully and I just put together a brief little montage of some of the patients he's treated.
So I'm going to share that before I bring

[SPEAKER_02]
him on and here it comes stand by all right all right Peter stand on your right leg so anytime he puts pressure on the right foot he immediately goes into this shock like spasm do one more time and he cannot control it Peter where's your cane?

[SPEAKER_05]
I don't need it

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay, you need to hold on to the wall while walking.
Ginger, turn around.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, please walk.

[SPEAKER_02]
Much better.
Ginger, please come stand up.
Do you mind walking toward me?
And Ginger, do you need to hold on to anything any longer?

[SPEAKER_01]
No.
No, I don't.
No.
It's wonderful.

[SPEAKER_07]
My name is Matt Wellparry.
I'm 52 years old.
I have the shakes.
My body shakes.
Trouble walking.
Trouble with balance.
A little brain fog.
You can see how I walk in the engine room.
Balance issues.
Hopefully Dr. G is going to tighten me up.
My name is Manny Carey.
I've been here a week and six days of treatment.
I walk in here hunched over.
Now I'm walking.
And I got skills.
My voice is back everything.

[SPEAKER_12]
My name is Anna Majewski.
I was prescribed Ciprofloxacin for five days of diarrhea.
Five of the six pills later, I woke up and my ankles were locked.
I couldn't wiggle my toes.
I couldn't flex my ankles and went to the ER.
Now I have pain in a lot of my joints and difficulty walking.
I've lost 40 pounds.
My name is Anna.
After two weeks in the facility here, I am feeling a lot better, significantly less pain, more mobility, and a lot more energy.
And I am walking again, so excited, spinning around.
I'm looking forward to playing sports again and working.

[SPEAKER_06]
I am honored to welcome Dr. Mark Gallilli to the show tonight.
How are you Dr. Gallilli?

[SPEAKER_02]
Thank you so much for having me and that was a great introduction.
I remember every single one of those patients and how hard we had to fight and work for them to get them those results.

[SPEAKER_06]
It's incredible the work you're doing.
There's so many more videos that I just wanted to keep it somewhat brief, but it's so inspiring and so amazing to see how quickly your patients recover.

[SPEAKER_02]
Thank you.
And you know, I wish that was all of the patients, but you know, that's a select few that really respond well in a short period of time.
And I really wish that happened to all 100% of my patients.

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, before we get into the interview, I want to read your bio for those that don't know your story or about you.
Dr. Gallilli is a board certified internal medicine physician and regenerative medicine specialist based in Los Angeles.
After earning his medical degree from Western University and completing residency at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas, he began to question conventional medicine's limits in treating chronic illness.
In 2016, Dr. Gallilli suffered a life altering reaction to the antibiotic Ciprofloxacin.
Leaving him wheelchair-bound with no answers from traditional medicine, he turned to regenerative therapies to heal himself, restoring his health and mobility.
Today, he helps patients around the world recover from complex treatment-resistant conditions using functional medicine, IV nutrition, peptide therapy, and advanced cellular treatments.
His mission?
To provide real healing for those failed by the system.
And again, welcome to VSRF Live.
And I'm going to start the conversation.
Steve is away getting some advice and some treatment options from his doctor about his eye.
But Dr. Galili, take us back to the very beginning of you taking this antibiotic.
Why were you prescribed?
What happened?
And tell us what happened after you took this antibiotic.

[SPEAKER_02]
So I'll give you a brief rundown.
I had just finished my medical residency in 2016 in Las Vegas, Nevada.
I moved back.
I was working as a urgent care and doing ER admissions in the hospital.
I had gone to Mexico.
I ended up having a traveler's diarrhea.
And, you know, the go-to the doctor say is to use antibiotics, Ciprofloxacin.
So I got back, I'm in LA, and then I take the Ciprofloxacin.
It was my third pill and then I ended up going to the gym that day.
I said, Oh, well, you know, I feel great.
Okay.
Let me go to the gym.
I ran on the treadmill.
I kid you not.
I can't remember.
Maybe I was on it for 10 minutes and I started noticing my legs feel so sore.
Well, this doesn't feel normal.
And I collapsed because I couldn't stand up any longer.
All my muscles were completely deteriorated and I was on the floor and I said,
my goodness, what the hell just happened to me?
Like I can't, I couldn't feel my legs.
I couldn't lift them up.
I laid on the floor for about an hour and a half to two hours.
I had to get people to assist me to get me up.
And I realized, well, shit, I can't drive my car home like this.
So I had to call someone to take my car home.
And I just sat there thinking, I cannot believe this just happened to me.
And you have a million thoughts racing through your mind.
you hear about you know Achilles tears tendon damage from the antibiotic you don't expect you know I was I think I was 30 or 31 years old you don't expect someone at that age to have these massive side effects because the establishment teaches you all people over the age of 70 typically get some Achilles pain from these antibiotics
You don't think anything of it, because every single drug they talk to you about has a million side effects when you're in medical school and residency, but you just give these out all the time.
And we would give them out all the time in the ICU, doing internal medicine rounds in the clinic for UTIs and infections.
And you don't think anything of it until it happens to you.

[SPEAKER_06]
I would imagine you immediately started questioning what you took.
Did you think it was specifically the antibiotic or did you think it was maybe something else or it was a coincidence?

[SPEAKER_02]
No.
Listen, I'm a young, healthy guy.
I play basketball every day.
I'm lifting weights.
I'm working out.
You know, I have a lot of stamina and all of a sudden I can't stand up after running on a treadmill.
It doesn't make any sense.
And I'm like, I didn't tear something.
It's just my whole legs from my thighs down felt like lead pipes.

[SPEAKER_06]
And I watched a news report.
So when you went to doctors, they didn't believe you.
Is that true?
They didn't believe what you were saying?

[SPEAKER_02]
No, because think about this.
If you go to a regular doctor who's prescribing these antibiotics, you think they're going to sit there and say, oh, yeah, this is real.
This happens to people because why would they prescribe it if they would admit it that that happened to people?
Then their oath to do no harm would not be valid.
So they tend to gaslight you.

[SPEAKER_06]
And so what happened next?
How did you end up treating yourself for this injury?

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, the first couple of days were very traumatic.
I'm not going to lie.
Just processing everything that happened to me.
What do you do?
You go on the internet at the time.
This is before chat GBT.
This is before all the evidence and data is out.
This is before the black box morning is put on the medication.
So you start reading, you go to forums.
I didn't even think they had Reddit at the time.
I think Reddit came afterwards.
So there's no Reddit either.
And you just go on the forums and Facebook groups like, oh shit, there's, it's like 20,000 people in this Facebook group injured by Cipro.
Like, wait, wait a minute.
What are they all saying?
So then you start doing research and you find articles on PubMed about fluoroquinolone toxicity because it's a class of fluoroquinolone antibiotics.
And then you start putting the pieces of the puzzle together and you realize, oh,
a combination with other medications can also put you at higher risk.
Then you start realizing, well, fluoride is toxic poison.
Wait a minute, this drug has fluoride in the chemical structure.
Oh shit.
Well, that's what's causing the neurological impairments.
That's what's causing the small peripheral fiber neuropathy.
That's what's making my feet feel like they're on fire.
That's what's causing my massive brain fog, my anxiety.
Then you realize, oh, it displaces your GABA receptor.
Well, yeah, that's going to lead to massive anxiety, insomnia.
You feel completely tired, yet you feel completely tired and you want to sleep all the time, but you still have no energy.
It was insane what this drug did.

[SPEAKER_06]
And had you found then how it was also affecting other people?
Did you find that other people were also having these adverse reactions to this antibiotic?

[SPEAKER_02]
I believe, I firmly believe and I stand on my conviction, millions of people around the world have been adversely affected by fluoroquinolone antibiotics.
I would say maybe 90% of them don't even know it because of delayed reactions and understanding that it's disrupting your gut microbiome completely wipes out your gut bacteria, which can also lead to high levels of anxiety, depression, which may lead them to be on other medications potentially containing fluoride, making the situation worse.
And then you think about all the people with chronic fatigue syndrome, CFE, sorry, fibromyalgia,
And think about it, do they really have fibromyalgia?
How many percent of those people actually took fluoroquinolone antibiotics?
If you look at the data, this thing is prescribed for every nine women who take fluoroquinolones.
It's usually one man.
Why?
Because they're mainly prescribed for UTIs.
Look at the data.
If you look at the data of autoimmune disease,
Fibromyalgia, Chronic Fatigue Syndrome.
I mean, the majority are women.
Over 80% are women that have this diagnosis compared to men.
We have to start thinking logically using common sense and ruling out did this patient ever consume a fluoroquine alone antibiotic.

[SPEAKER_06]
Are all antibiotics dangerous?
I mean, do doctors overprescribe them?
And if so, what's the repercussion?

[SPEAKER_02]
I will tell you this, especially for children.
Over 95% of infections children have are viral and etiology.
Yet, what happens?
You go to the doctor.
The parents say, oh, my kid's sick, because parents freak out.
Here's the problem with treating kids.
Parents always freak out, and they're a pain in the, you know what?
What happens?
The doctor says, shit, if I don't give this kid an antibiotic, the parents are going to complain.
They're going to be angry.
I might get a lawsuit on my hands.
I'm going to get a bad review.
I don't want to deal with it.
What does the doctor do?
Here you go.
Leave me alone.
Do you understand?
Because the parents come in, they pay a copay, they feel like I have to get something out of this.
So the doctor's just, here's an antibiotic, here you go, here you go.
But they're overprescribed.
There's no cultures being done.
Do we know it's a bacterial infection?
Why are we giving the antibiotic?
Do we have a confirmed, do we know what the confirmed bacteria is?
And a lot of times, in my whole career, to this day, I've never had one patient
Whoever took Cipro, Levoquin, or Avalox, which are the three major fluoroquinolone families.
antibiotics, ever come show me a culture, say, Dr. Ghalili, I had a culture, it grew a specific bacteria and this bacteria was susceptible to ciprofloxacin.
I've never seen it in my life.
Every single patient I've ever had in my office said the doctor just presumed it was a bacterial infection or prostatitis or for my UTI or for my lung infection and just gave me the antibiotic without actually doing a proper test to assess the bacteria.
I've never seen it in my life.
I don't think a patient will ever walk in my office until I'm retired, showing me a bacterial, showing me a bacterial resist, uh, a, a, sorry, a culture of the bacteria with sensitivity.

[SPEAKER_06]
It's incredible to how children, especially talking about kids, they're prescribed antibiotics.
Like at a very young age, my, my sister's daughter, my little niece, um, she had a pretty bad ear infection at one year old when she was one.
and they were hitting her up with antibiotics and even that just freaked me out.
And I would imagine that what you said, doctors are just prescribing these to young kids without knowing any sort of long-term effects that are gonna happen.
Are there any antibiotics that we should avoid?

[SPEAKER_02]
The fluoroquinolone family.
Even in a life or death situation, I would say choose very wisely because it could still lead you to death.
I'm not saying all antibiotics are toxic.
Some are necessary and needed to save lives.
But this specific group of antibiotics should not be on the market any longer because we have other options.
There are safer alternative options out there.
And all these do are destroy your mitochondria, which is a powerhouse of yourself.
So whether a patient says they have a side effect or not, they're still having underlying mitochondrial damage.
But you have to have a certain level and extent of damage in order to have a symptom.
Like for you to have muscle pain, you have to have so much of your mitochondria wiped out where, wow, this is really affecting me.
My tendons are hurting.
but another patient might have 10 to 20% damage and not relate that, oh, I'm having a side effect.
But someone that has 80% damage definitely is gonna fuel muscle and tendon pain.

[SPEAKER_06]
I'm going to bring Steve Kirsch into the conversation.
He's back.
Welcome back, Steve.
Steve, we got Mark's background on what happened to him, what led to the injury and then him realizing that these antibiotics, this specific class are bad.
And, uh, but we have not got into his patients, what he uses for treatment.
So I'm going to hand it over to you, Steve.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, let's go on mute here.
This will be a little bit better on when I'm unmuted.
Yeah, OK. OK, so I missed it.
But I assume you got Cipro and had a bad reaction.
And you were mentioning something about that when people give, doctors give Cipro, they're never doing an assessment of the particular
uh uh bacteria that's that um that's causing it so it is super appropriate at all you said it shouldn't be used at all just because of the side effects so there there are always alternatives to it or almost always yes i mean typically if you have a confirmed bacterial infection there should be another antibiotic once you do susceptibility studies um

[SPEAKER_02]
that should work.
Now, in the rare cases where Cipro or Levoquin are the only drugs that work, okay, patients need to take precaution in taking them.
There are certain things you need to do to, you know, hopefully avoid having that toxic reaction that thousands of people have on a daily basis throughout the world.
Remember, this drug is prescribed 17 million times a year in America.

[SPEAKER_10]
So it's doing massive damage and the doctors are just writing it off as, oh, that's a coincidence it wasn't caused by the drug, right?

[SPEAKER_02]
Exactly.

[SPEAKER_10]
Wow.
It reminds me of a vaccine that we still give, where the doctors write off all of these side effects as, oh, well, you had a heart attack.
Well, that's just a coincidence.
So it's the same thing.
When they give you Cipro and bad stuff happens, they will gaslight you and tell you it's unrelated to the treatment.
Most people would never connect it.

[SPEAKER_02]
No, and this was a case for about 30 years, but honestly now, chat, GBT, AI, all the technology, social media, Instagram, Facebook, TikTok, videos, there are so many patients out there making videos about this, it's very easy to find.
So as a patient with fluoroquinolone toxicity now, I feel like the patients don't feel like they're alone and they're the only person in the world this has happened to, because they get to see so many stories due to technology.
And it wasn't like that 10 years ago.

[SPEAKER_10]
And yet the doctors, I would suspect, are completely blind to all this, that if you told them that, hey, I got this reaction, it would be the equivalent of going to them and saying, hey, these mRNA vaccines are not safe.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, I believe they would be on the same wavelength.

[SPEAKER_10]
Wow.
And so have you been able to red pill other doctors about what happened to you and how this drug is not as dangerous as, or is more dangerous than you've been led to believe?

[SPEAKER_02]
I will tell you this, it's so funny.
I just treated a cardiologist from Ohio who traveled to me with fluoroquinolotoxicity, he does angiograms all the time.
And he couldn't do any more angiograms because he was poisoned by this antibiotic.
And he said, in my whole career, I would have never suspected this antibiotic can do this to me.
And I've actually treated many medical doctors for it.
And unfortunately, it's too late for them to realize because they've already had the reaction
they come ask me for treatment.
I would say a lot of the old school doctors, they're harder to convince because they're really set in their ways and they were brought up believing in the traditional medical system.
But I feel like a younger generation of doctors now are actually open to it because they're seeing it all around.
They see it on social media.
They see all these young girls post about their injuries to Cipro and it's more relatable to them.
So I believe for them,
Since they haven't practiced for so many years, they're not stuck in their ways.
They're open and amenable to recognizing this as a serious disease.

[SPEAKER_10]
And you may have mentioned this when I was out, but what clued you in on, like, how did you discover this?
Because, like, people will get vaccine injured.
They'll never suspect it was the vaccine.
They're told by the doctors, their gas light, whatever.
Did that happen to you?
Did you think, wait a minute, well, what's going on here?
And, like, how did you break the cycle?
And did any of your doctors tell you that, oh, it was the antibiotic?

[SPEAKER_02]
A few doctors have seen the reaction before.
They're like, okay, we've had Achilles issues with it, muscle and tendon issues, but no one ever saw, to my extent, massive brain fog, massive anxiety, peripheral neuropathy, burning and tingling throughout the body, unable to walk, unable to stand up.
My body was completely destroyed.

[SPEAKER_10]
And so did they say, hey, we don't know?
Or did they say it was a Cipro?

[SPEAKER_02]
No, so a lot of the doctors said, well, yeah, it could have been the Cipro, but it shouldn't.
If you take the half-life, it should be out of your system within two days.
Well, it doesn't matter that it's out of your system with that half life.
The fluoride is the most polarized molecule in nature, penetrates deep in your mitochondria, leads to DNA adduct formation, which basically changes the DNA of your cell.
And now your mitochondria are not producing new healthy mitochondria, you're producing faulty mitochondria.
If you have faulty mitochondria, they're not producing energy.
So that cell that's not producing energy continues to replicate to a cell that's not producing energy.
Does that make sense?
And that's why patients have long-term potentially permanent side effects.
It can also lead to delayed reactions where the majority of patients happens right when they take the antibiotic or they'll feel what I like to say.
A lot of patients tell me, hey, a bomb went off in my body.
That's like a common theme of what patients tell me.
A lot of patients as well, it happens afterwards.
So let's say they're in, they take a fluoroquinolone antibiotic, they end up with some knee pain from the fluoroquinolone antibiotic.
The doctor then gives them a steroid shot, boom, then that goes off in their body because the steroid shot just exacerbates everything to a whole nother degree.
Does that make sense?

[SPEAKER_10]
And of course that doctor that gave that, he wasn't aware that that was the thing.

[SPEAKER_02]
Or they're in pain and they take ibuprofen afterwards.
Well, you can't take the ibuprofen after your flox.
It causes massive tendon damage.
It degrades collagen structure, which in N, impairs nerve cells.
So it causes damage to the myelin sheath in your brain and your central nervous system, leading to massive widespread neuropathy and nerves.

[SPEAKER_06]
We explore one of the most.

[SPEAKER_10]
So if you had known what you know now,
and you were imparted with that knowledge like three days after you took your antibiotic, would you have been able to reverse the damage quickly?
Like does time, you know, once you realize that you're damaged, does the time
your reaction time in terms of starting some sort of treatment or reversal therapy.
Does that matter?
Or can you recover the same in a week or two weeks or three weeks or four weeks?
It would seem like the sooner you treat it, the better off you are.

[SPEAKER_02]
That's a great question.
Great question, Steve.
I would definitely say the sooner you treat it the better off you'll be because typically when your flocks the first 60 days is always a downhill curve.
New symptoms occur every single day, something new happens, there's new damage that's involved.
And it typically takes about three to four months I'd say for the body to plateau and at that point that's going to be your new baseline.
So the earlier you can get it and stop the oxidative stress and mitochondrial damage, the better off the patient will be long-term.
But that's not to say I've had patients come in being injured for five to 10 years and they fully recovered as well.

[SPEAKER_10]
And so what's the, can you talk about the treatment protocol for this thing happens to you?
You just found out about it or you have a friend who just, you know, who's going through this right now.
What do you tell them, and who do you send them to?
You're in California, right?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_10]
So can you describe what the...

[SPEAKER_02]
It's complex and comprehensive, and I'll tell you why.
It depends on the patient.
It depends on their age.
It depends what they took.
How many fluoroclonal antibiotics did they take?
Did they combine it with steroids?
Did they combine it with ibuprofen?
Was there any ibuprofen or steroids afterwards?
Were they on antidepressants in the past?
Are they on antidepressants now?
Are there any other medications containing fluoride in them?
This is what you really need to think about.
What was their extent of damage?
What other medical conditions do they have?
Do they have anything else that may be causing mitochondrial damage in their body besides taking the Cipro?
Because typically patients who have to take Cipro
likely had an infection or may have multiple infection antibiotic resistance.
So you always want to ask those questions.
But in terms of coming up with the treatment protocol, it's unique and customized to each patient.
Some have mainly musculoskeletal damage, some are fully neuropathy, brain fog, they feel suicidal, they have massive brain issues.
Some have both, many patients have both.
So you gotta treat in terms of what are those patients' symptoms as well?
What are we trying to tackle and improve?
Supplements are very key, mitochondrial building supplements are gonna be key in this case.
And a lot of times patients need intravenous therapy.
If you look at studies and data, there's massive chelation of important minerals that Cypro causes.
This is how you get Achilles tendon pain, for example.
It chelates magnesium, selenium, zinc, right out of your tendon.
And remember, that area has very poor blood flow, poor vascular flow.
Since those metal ions have been chelated, it's very important to replenish your body with those metal ions that have been removed by the superfloxacin.

[SPEAKER_10]
So what did you do for your own case?
Like, how long did it take you to realize, oh, shit, this was the antibiotic?
Did you then do a lot of research in terms of, let me find out as much as I can about this.
Like, what was your story?
uh for your own personal experience when you you had this you got this brain fog you got all this stuff that's wrong with you like and and nobody is is tapping on your shoulder and say look here you're having to do all the research yourself how long did it take you to do the research and then what did you end up how did you end up treating yourself thanks for asking steve it took several months

[SPEAKER_02]
but I did meet a PhD MD researcher from UC San Diego, who I put out some published articles about the dangers of fluoroquinolone antibiotics.
So I reached out to her, we met up, came up with the best game plan we could at that time.
This was all new to me.
And I slowly started doing things based on scientific studies and data.
I'm like, okay, I'm improving.
But then I received a stem cell transfusion through my own fat.
So the doctors, Dr. Mark Berman at the time,
had done an adipose tissue extraction where he extracted stem cells from my own body and that was given back to me through an IV.
And that's why I'm so big on it now because I really feel it saved my life.
Combined the treatment, supplements, and the stem cells, I feel that's what actually got me better.
Because within six months, I was running again.
I wasn't 100% recovered in six months.
I would say it took at least a year to get to that point where I wasn't feeling so sore the next day.
But I feel if I knew what I knew then now, I could get myself better a lot faster.

[SPEAKER_10]
So have you written a book on, hey, here's how I did it, or here's the guide to treating Cipro injuries, or booklet, or pamphlet, or whatever?
Boy, that could be a hot seller on Amazon.

[SPEAKER_02]
We have some toxicity treatment protocols that probably all were read in online.
But the thing is, I customize the treatment to each patient.
So there's certain things I'm not going to give a patient that I would give to another.
And it really depends on that history and physical exam.
So it's hard to just write a book and say, well, everyone take this and make it a cookie cutter one size fits all, because that's not the case.
Something that might benefit one patient may actually be harmful to another.
And that could also depend on their genetic makeup.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, and our second guest here is the hyperbaric oxygen.
Is that something that was worthwhile or?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, so I tried hyperbaric oxygen, soft chamber.
You know, the heart chambers made me a little dizzy.
I'm not gonna lie about that.
So I like soft chambers.
I mean, I feel good in them, but it's important to oxygenate those cells as well.
Because remember, you have minerals and ions that have been chelated out of your tendons, especially in your peripheral tendons.
That's why a lot of patients have pain in their ankles, feet, and Achilles after using fluoroclonal antibiotics.
So providing an adequate level of oxygen as well is going to be very beneficial for treatment success.

[SPEAKER_10]
So did you actually do that in your treatment plan?
Did you use the HPOT?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, I did a few sessions at the time.

[SPEAKER_10]
And they made a difference?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
Yeah, definitely felt more energized.
I feel like your body has more oxygen, increased your stamina.
So I was really focused on improving my stamina at the time, post-fluoroquinolotoxicity recovery.

[SPEAKER_10]
Great.
Let's see.
Should the FDA take these drugs off the market?

[SPEAKER_02]
In my honest opinion, after what it did to me and the thousands of patients that have walked through my door, I do not see any good clear-cut reason why these antibiotics should still be on the market 30 years later after causing the massive damage they have, especially when we have other alternatives.
And I'm not gonna get into all the other natural alternatives that, I mean, you know, because of COVID, all the things you can do to boost your own immune system and fight off infections, right?
The thing that starts with an O that we can't talk about
just as one example, right?
So let's look at other options before giving these antibiotics.

[SPEAKER_10]
Things to start with an O. Yeah.
So I'm blanking out.
Huh?
Like, oh, huh?

[SPEAKER_02]
Oh, maybe.
Close.
I mean, it's crazy.

[SPEAKER_10]
What's the second letter?
Z. Oh, OK. Well, I got the OZ.
I guessed ozempic, but you say that that's not it.

[SPEAKER_02]
No, no, no.
I'm just listening to a few things as examples of alternative treatments that are actually beneficial for, you know, fighting... Oh, like ozone therapy.
You said it on me.

[SPEAKER_10]
I said that.
Yeah, I did say that.
Yeah, have you tried that?
You can say that.
You can't recommend it to patients, but you can say whether you tried it yourself.

[SPEAKER_02]
Absolutely.
I've had it myself many times.

[SPEAKER_10]
And you found that it was beneficial for you.

[SPEAKER_02]
Absolutely.

[SPEAKER_10]
You know, the other thing that we can't talk about is chlorine dioxide.

[SPEAKER_02]
Oh, I know chlorine dioxide very, very well.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yes, you do.
I know it very, very well, too.

[SPEAKER_02]
So for certain things, fantastic.

[SPEAKER_10]
So you've used it for certain things.

[SPEAKER_02]
I've never taken it myself, actually.

[SPEAKER_10]
Oh, you haven't?

[SPEAKER_02]
No, no.
But I've had patients use it for certain conditions.

[SPEAKER_10]
Well, you're missing out.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.
OK. And just out of curiosity, why haven't you tried chlorine dioxide yourself?

[SPEAKER_02]
You know what?
Maybe now you're going to talk me into it, and I will.

[SPEAKER_10]
OK. All right.
Yeah, you should read my, I have a sub stack about it on how to make it, the best way to make it sort of trouble free.
It takes like 15 seconds.
My video to how to do it is actually longer than when I make it in practice.
I should time myself, but it takes me 15 seconds, and then you put it in the refrigerator, and it's done in a few hours.

[SPEAKER_07]
Amazing.

[SPEAKER_10]
It's pretty cool.
Yeah, it's definitely eye-opening for me to learn about something like that, because you can treat all sorts of respiratory viruses that people are giving vaccines for.
And so, for example, for measles,
Gee, why isn't there a clinical trial where we try chlorine dioxide for measles?
I don't understand.
Maybe it's probably not a double-blind randomized trial.
It might be a little hard to sort of fake, because chlorine dioxide has a very specific smell and a very specific color.
You could fake the color.
It would be probably hard to fake the smell, but it'd be really interesting to
uh to do that kind of study and i've suggested that to rfk and um it's like he's got a lot of he's got a lot of shit on his plate and people have suggested to him but but i think that's a game changer right because if you can show that chlorine dioxide can treat any of these respiratory viruses that people are getting vaccinated for man that that would be so game-changing for the entire world

[SPEAKER_02]
But Steve, if you did that, you'd have to put me on your life insurance policy because then you're going after billions of dollars that the vaccine companies make.
So make sure you get me on that.

[SPEAKER_10]
Okay.
Yeah.
So G-H-A-L-L-I, right?
Okay.
Got it.

[SPEAKER_02]
But you know what I mean?
It's going to be so hard to put out a study that's something that costs literally $10 is going to reverse the condition of a $10 vaccine industry.
We're not, we're not there.
Hopefully we get there soon, but I don't know.

[SPEAKER_10]
You know, my materials cost to make a hundred milliliter bottle of chlorine dioxide is about six cents.
And that bottle will last a long time, let me tell you.

[SPEAKER_06]
A lot of corporations interested in not having that information out there, Steve.

[SPEAKER_10]
Gee, can't understand that.
So you also work with the kids with autism, is that right?

[SPEAKER_02]
Select.
I mean, I've had a few patients with autism come in the office.
Again, very hard, very difficult to treat.

[SPEAKER_10]
How many patients, how many autism patients?

[SPEAKER_02]
Probably at least over 30 by now.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_10]
And is there a common, is there a common thing in their background that they were all, they all got it after, shortly after getting a vaccine?

[SPEAKER_02]
I will tell you how 29, I would say how 95% of my patients have autism.
Let me explain how this works.

[SPEAKER_10]
Wait a minute, 95% of your patients out, you just said you only have 30 patients with autism.

[SPEAKER_02]
No, no, no, no.
Out of those 30 that I've treated, because you gotta think too, kids with autism, they're a little difficult to treat in the fact that they're not gonna sit there unless you put an ID in their arm.
It becomes very challenging to do this type of treatment.
They can get, you know, loud, they scream, they yell, they're just, I mean, they're not gonna sit there, okay, doctor, no problem, come and do this for me, right?
So that's what makes it a little bit challenging.
And I have a lot of adults in here.
It's very time consuming.
I love treating the kids with autism.
It's just very time consuming and I can't have too many at a time.
But let me get to this.
Let me tell you how autism occurs in all my patients.
The mother gives a vaccine, usually multiple vaccines in a day.
The kid spikes a fever.
What does the mom do when the kid spikes a fever?
Tylenol is given after the fever.
The next day, every single mom says the same thing.
My kid was a completely different child the next day.

[SPEAKER_10]
Correct.

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay.
That's 95% of them.
The other 95% of them.
Okay.
The other 5% of them is I was drinking a lot of diet coke during my pregnancy and the aspartame and potentially the vaccines afterwards.
Cause I believe it's a cumulative effect.
It's not just one vaccine.
the hep B upper followed by D tap.
And then, so it eventually leads to a point where there's so much toxicity, similar to fluoroquinolone.
Because a lot of people, it doesn't happen after the first pill.
Some patients take it for two weeks, three weeks, a month, and then boom, it goes off.
The mitochondria gets destroyed.
So I think the same thing with autism.
It's not just happening, it's not just a one single factor.
It has to involve multiple factors.
And then the Tylenol pairing the glutathione depletion,
and clogging over CYP450 pathways, then you can't detox the heavy metals like aluminum, dimethyl, and the formaldehyde.
You can't detox them properly, especially in that trial, what happens, cytokine sore, massive inflammation.
And I've come to the realization at a point where I think there may be some type of autoimmune component in autism now, where the body's own immune system is attacking.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, well, it's definitely immune system related, for sure.
Because I think a lot of people don't appreciate that the brain has its own immune system.
It does.
Yeah, and so the brain's immune system is reacting to these vaccines.
But it's interesting that you have, so if I asked you the question, Dr. Ghali, do you think that vaccines cause autism, you'd say 100%.
Like, would you say 100% or would you say like 99%?

[SPEAKER_02]
I don't want to give a percentage out there, but I'll just tell you the patients that I have seen, 95% of the moms tell me the same exact story.
It's multiple vaccines followed by a Tylenol.
Now there have been cases where there was no Tylenol given and it was just the MMR, the DTaP, boom, right after that I've seen it hit him.
What I realized is, what I think, and I brought this up to Bobby actually, I said, listen,
If you want to, if you want to prevent autism and they could go back to the one in 10,000, it was, you know, pre 1985.
I think it was, was it one to 10,000 pre 1985?

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, something like that.
Space them out.

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay.
Give people the option.
If you want to go back to their kids, I don't care.
Do whatever you want to do.
I'm not a pediatrician.
I don't provide vaccine.
Do whatever, do whatever parents want to do.
Space them out.
A rule, there will be no Tylenol to be given within 72 hours before or after any vaccine administration.
Just that alone is going to significantly reduce the amount of autism in America.

[SPEAKER_10]
I believe that because I've heard a lot of those stories that you just heard with the multiple vaccines that the kid has a fever and Tylenol.

[SPEAKER_02]
And Tylenol during pregnancy is also going to be associated and correlated with a higher risk.
But surprisingly this is happening mainly to boys.
So no one's ever, no one's kind of figured that part out of why it's mainly boys and not girls.
The same way women have the chronic fatigue syndrome, fibromyalgia, autoimmune disease, it's like a four to one ratio of women to men.
But for autism, for some reason, it's like, I think it's a four to one ratio.
Don't quote me on this, but it's a much higher ratio of boys compared to girls.

[SPEAKER_10]
That's true.
It's true.
In fact, there was a CDC study that showed it was an especially black boys and the CDC study found that.
And then William Thompson, who is the CDC scientist that discovered that in the data was told to destroy the data so that the CDC could say that we don't have any data showing that vaccines cause autism.

[SPEAKER_02]
Could it be the females potentially having better detoxification pathways or I don't know.
I don't know.
Could it be men, boys with, you know, boys have testosterone, women don't.
Could that be playing some type of role in the sensitivity?
These are the studies that need to be done, but I can assure you if those changes are implemented where they are mandated to be spaced out only one given maybe every 30 days or 45 days, no Tylenol, I mean that would significantly drop down and boys in California.
Bobby put out the oracle in your chest.
One in 12.5 boys in California now are diagnosed with autism.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, it's horrible.
It's insane.
I want to go ahead.
I want to bring on our Steve.

[SPEAKER_10]
But okay.
Okay.
One last question.
Like, have you been able to red pill any of your fellow physicians on vaccines causing autism?
It's very hard to change anyone's, anyone's mind, any, any of your colleagues, you know, with your observation that, wow, 95% all, all say, you know, got the vaccine, got Tylenol, bam, kid, never the same.
Like, have you been able to red pill any other physician with your personal stories about what's happened to your patients?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yes, I have.
My close personal friends, yes.
Because when they're sick, they come to me and then I treat them.
So then they listen to what I have to tell them.
And I have a lot of friends, thank God, now they're not vaccinating their kids.
Or if they do decide to, they want to give them one or two of them, they'll space it out and I tell them, do not ever give your child Tylenol after a vaccine.
I'll make sure the woman never drinks Diet Coke during pregnancy.
These are just two small things that I know
of data I've seen in my office, these are things I would avoid.
Now you may not see this in a scientific study, but when you see tons of patients coming to your office saying the same story, you eventually have to believe them.

[SPEAKER_10]
Absolutely.
And these are professionals that you say your friends or your friends.
OK. And OK.
So one last thing, and then I'll let Livio come on, is I see a snoot bottle or snoot package in the background right behind you.
Yeah.
So you said you haven't used it yourself.
So you have the snoot.
It's ready, but you haven't used it yet.

[SPEAKER_02]
That's for one of the kids.

[SPEAKER_10]
It's for one of the kids.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_02]
All right.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_02]
All right.

[SPEAKER_06]
I want to, I want to introduce our next guest, Dr. Ken Stoller.
Welcome to VSRF live.
How are you, sir?
Thanks for having me.
Thank you for your patience and being here tonight.
I'm going to read your bio for our audience who don't know about you.
Dr. Stoller is a pioneering physician specializing in brain injury.
and NeuroRecovery, a UCLA-trained board-certified pediatrician.
He has worked for over two decades with patients suffering from traumatic brain injury, stroke, autism, MS, Lyme, brain, and more.
A lifetime fellow of the American College of Hyperbaric Medicine, Dr. Stoller has published extensively on the use of hyperbaric oxygen therapy, including groundbreaking research on fetal alcohol syndrome featured in pediatrics.
He's also a leader in integrative approaches using natural supplements and bioidentical hormones to promote brain healing.
Author of Incurable Me, he's also the founder of griefsos.com and an advocate for humane and holistic health
through his work with Humane Farming Association and One Hit Away Foundation.
Thank you for being here with us.
I'm gonna, Dr. Ghalili, if you could come back after Steve talks to Dr. Stoller and we'll have a little quick audience Q&A.
That would be fantastic.
Thank you, sir.
Steve, I'll let you take it away with Dr. Stoller.

[SPEAKER_10]
All right, well, I have a list of questions that have been suggested to me.
But let me just start off by saying that I've heard a lot about HBOT therapy, and just sort of miraculous healing that had been due to that.
And can you tell us what's the difference between the hard
I'm not sure what you call them, the hard chamber versus the soft chamber.
You can buy these soft chambers.
They're not that expensive for use in your home.
And I guess people do it quite often.
But what's the difference between the two?
Is it you can get higher pressures in the hard shells, or what?

[SPEAKER_09]
All right, so first I need to correct you.
I'm no longer a board certified pediatrician.
I resigned in 2008 over their duplicity regarding mercury and vaccines.
But the difference between a soft chamber, which is basically a modified gamma bag,
And a hard chamber is the soft chamber will get close to 1.3 atmospheres or about 12 feet below seawater pressure.
And you can't use 100% oxygen in it.
You can only use an oxygen concentrator.
And a hard chamber can go very, very deep.
So typically when I was treating the Cipro patients who have a mitochondrial
dysfunction.
I would take them very deep.
I would take them to 47 feet below seawater pressure.
Now, the fact that Mark got symptomatic in a hard chamber.
See, I would always screen elective patients for Borreliosis before I put them in the chamber.
And anyone who's having an untoward reaction
under hyperbaric oxygen was a signal to me that there's a die-off or something potentially else going on, not necessarily just a vestibular thing that would cause him to be lightheaded or something.
So it's about how deep the chamber can go, how much pressure, and the dose of oxygen.

[SPEAKER_10]
Right, so essentially getting a hard chamber is going to give you a lot more options than you would have with a soft chamber.
And so what does that mean from a practical point of view?
Does that mean that, hey, in practice, the soft chambers are really not going to be useful for a range of therapies, or are they extremely useful for some things?

[SPEAKER_09]
The soft chambers can be used for a brain injury.
I would tell people if a soft chamber is a Volkswagen and the hard chamber is a Ferrari, both get you where you're going.
One just gets you there faster for brain injury.
So one of the things I did when I had a big clinic was most of the kids with autism couldn't afford the 100% oxygen in the hard chamber.
So I also had a portable soft chamber.
And I said, as long as you're on the diet I recommended and the supplements,
I'll treat your kid for free."
And I could have easily piped in 100% oxygen into those chambers.
I purposely wanted to find out what happened if they were just getting compressed room air.
And some of the parents were so impressed with the progress their kids were making
on compressed room air, that they raised the money for the 100% oxygen and normally I would have said, hey, I'm treating your kid for free, why are you jumping off that horse?
But that's how I paid the rent, so I didn't stop them from doing it.

[SPEAKER_10]
What's the cost of a soft chamber, typical cost of a soft chamber?
And I know there's a company that's sort of the industry standard for soft chambers.
What's the name of that company?

[SPEAKER_09]
That's OxyHealth, and they're in California.

[SPEAKER_10]
Okay, and what's the typical cost for a soft chamber versus hard chamber?

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, it depends.
Are you buying a Chinese knockoff or are you buying an OxyHealth chamber that uses food-grade vinyl and you know you can call somebody up if there's a problem and they'll fix it for you?
OxyHealth is more expensive than the Chinese or Korean knockoffs, but it depends.
you know, it depends what you want to be doing, you know.
So if some people can't afford the oxy-health chambers, I mean, their 32-inch diameter chambers are, you know, over $20,000.
So that's, you know, that's a lot of money for people.
So, you know, you do what you need to do.
I mean, when I first got into this, I would get calls from people, let's say, out of nowhere, Idaho, and I would say, hey,
You wouldn't happen to be a scuba diver, are you?
And they would say, yes.
Are you HIOC certified?
Yes.
I says, is there a junior college with a diving pool in your community?
Yes.
I says, can you get permission to get into, you know, to use the diving pool off hours and just drop down 17 feet, which is 1.5 atmospheres, which is what we treat brain injuries at.
And breathe in that hyox.
Now, if you're scuba diver, you know, you'd love lying at the bottom of the pool watching bubbles go up to the surface.
Some people, you know, who are not scuba divers wouldn't want to be doing that.
But that is therapeutic.
And in fact, there are programs for brain-injured vets, you know, to go scuba diving.
And they love it because they're getting hyperbaric treatments by scuba diving.
So it's improving their brain.
Of course, they'd love it.

[SPEAKER_10]
I never thought of that.
So you can replace a soft chamber by going into your pool with your scuba gear.
Essentially.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.
And if, you know, and if you can get high ox, you know, which is more, slightly more oxygen than would be in a scuba tank, you know, all the better.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.
So can you give me some of the examples of the turnarounds that you've had using this therapy, like, you know, Johnny walked in, Johnny is autistic, severely autistic, and four days later, he's, you know, writing bestselling books on
the New York Times bestseller list.
I mean, what's your most remarkable success story that you can think of?

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, I mean, there's been many.
Now, if you're talking about autism, I treated a 20-year-old boy.
Now, his mom had already had him getting chelated for two years before he saw me.
And his neurocognitive scores after his first 40 treatments were the highest I have ever seen.
And she says, well, what should I do now?
And I says, well, I don't even have an outcome measure at this point because his scores were off the charts.
I says, if you have money to, you know, buy another round of hyperbaric oxygen therapy, I would use that money to get a life coach for him.
Because, you know, by the time you're an adult, you have a fixed personality.
You have a certain, you know, behavioral patterns.
And those have to be reprogrammed just because your brain turns back on doesn't mean, you know, suddenly you're Einstein.
And which leads me to, you know, probably one of my most remarkable turnarounds wasn't treating fetal alcohol syndrome, which is a mitochondrial damage in utero.
But even years after that initial insult, hyperbaric oxygen can reverse the brain damage.
So I published this in 2005 in the Journal of Pediatrics.
It took 15 years for the Israeli group to reproduce my findings with brain scans.
So this is the cure for fetal alcohol syndrome, unless you go to the CDC website, where they'll say it's not treatable and incurable, because they don't read the medical literature.
I assume the CDC just takes information from pharmaceutical reps.

[SPEAKER_10]
Right, and their own studies.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yes.
With that, they don't shred.
They don't take advice from the studies they shred.
So, you know, it activates thousands of genes, but probably the most important genes that it activates is the genes in the mitochondria.
There is nothing like hyperbaric oxygen
for rehabilitating mitochondrial function.
And it increases, and it's the only therapy I know about that actually expands the telomeres.
Those bumpers at the end of our DNA that keep the DNA from, you know, deteriorating over time.
So it's near magic.
It's science.
I say it's near magic because it's not magic.
There's just very good scientific reasons why hyperbaric oxygen works.
And the fact that it isn't available to the general public has to do with the fact that nothing that is not promoted by a pharmaceutical company becomes standard of care in our current medical paradigm.

[SPEAKER_10]
So I've never explored a hyperbaric oxygen therapy in my area.
I mean, I could go do the scuba tank, but I have to heat the pool.
Not if you're wearing a wetsuit.
Yeah, well, I have a dry suit.

[SPEAKER_09]
A dry suit, that's what I mean.
Dry suit's way better.

[SPEAKER_10]
Um, so, uh, so short of, of like, what is the recommended, like if, if I want to, there's probably some curve, uh, that after a certain amount, it's not going to make that much of a difference.
You're going to get the most benefit in one hour a week.
You're going to get the most benefit in three days a week.
Like what is the, the sort of the, the minimal optimum.

[SPEAKER_09]
So when it came to a brain injury.
We developed this 40 treatment set times two.
And the reason we came up with that was we did something called scan-treat-scan.
So we did spec scans on people who had never had hyperbaric oxygen before, put them in the chamber, and immediately coming out of that chamber, doing a repeat spec scan.
And the SPEC scan is a functional brain imaging scan that looks directly at blood flow and indirectly at metabolic activity.
And what we found was that that second scan, immediately after hyperbaric oxygen, lit up the brain to its full potential of healing.
But it took 80 treatments for those changes to be permanent.
And what I did with the fetal alcohol syndrome, I did a first set of treatments for him, and I purposely didn't do the second set for seven months, because I wanted to be able to demonstrate all the improvements in his neurocognitive abilities were still there seven months later with no other interventions.
And then he got a second set of treatments, and his scores went up even more, I mean, bypassing high school college me.
So that's how he came up with that protocol.
Now, if you're using a portable chamber, it's not just two sets of 40, it could be 300 treatments because it doesn't move things along as fast as 100% oxygen, but it'll still get you there.
You just may need more treatments, that's all.

[SPEAKER_10]
So are there centers that you can go to in each city that you pay $100 and you get a half hour session?
If you're just doing this for general health, there's nothing specifically wrong with you.
You're not going to try to recover anything.
But you want to be functioning at optimum.
Would you recommend people go for a half an hour once a week or an hour once a week or one hour sessions twice a week?
What would you?

[SPEAKER_09]
You know, I think once you reach a certain age and you become an old person and I'll just use the 40.

[SPEAKER_10]
I've probably exceeded that.

[SPEAKER_09]
as the number.
I think people should be getting hyperbaric oxygen, you know, a couple times a month.
You know, the older you get, maybe, you know, go to once a week.
It's just... For how long?

[SPEAKER_10]
For an hour?

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, for an hour.
But I will tell you that probably, you know, unless you're trying to use the hyperbaric oxygen as an antibiotic, because it does kill anaerobic bacteria,
Assuming that's not what you're doing, that you're just doing it for general health maintenance, you're probably getting most of the benefit in the first 15 to 20 minutes.
So after that, it's icing on the cake.

[SPEAKER_10]
Wow, that's a small investment other than going to the... Are there places that you can go to that you can do a book a 20-minute or 30-minute session?

[SPEAKER_09]
I mean, I'm sure there are freestanding centers that would accommodate you in that area.
Now, you live in the Bay Area, right?

[SPEAKER_10]
I'm in the Bay Area.
I should be able to find something like that, right?
If not, it's an interesting business opportunity for somebody.

[SPEAKER_09]
I've seen a couple of places.
There are at least two clinics in the South Bay and one in the North Bay for sure.
So I can't vouch for them, but they're around you.

[SPEAKER_06]
There were a couple in Fairfield County, Connecticut that I saw when I was down there several years ago.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.
I mean, it's, um, I mean, it's criminal.
Uh, you know, let me talk about traumatic brain injury because I've been able to treat people who have had traumatic brain injury the day I treated them.
And they came into that chamber basically oriented times zero.
You know, they didn't know what day it was.
They didn't know their name.
And they came out of that chamber.
Perfectly normal.

[SPEAKER_10]
Now, if that after women, after how long?

[SPEAKER_09]
One treatment.

[SPEAKER_10]
No, but how long?

[SPEAKER_09]
What do you mean?

[SPEAKER_10]
How many minutes?
How many minutes?

[SPEAKER_09]
An hour because we normally treat for an hour.

[SPEAKER_10]
Okay.

[SPEAKER_09]
Um, you know, even though my feeling is most of the benefit happens in the first 20 minutes, um,
So if that injury was, did not happen today, but happened three years ago, now we're not talking about one treatment.
You know, we're talking about that two sets of 40 at 1.5 atmospheres.

[SPEAKER_10]
Okay.
Um, yeah, I'm looking, uh, this up.
It looks like there's a Bay area hyperbarics, um, longest running independent HBOT clinic in the country.
Wow.
Uh, it says FDA approved Medicare women owned 26 years of experience.
So, uh, this stuff is available, uh, in, uh, places near you.

[SPEAKER_09]
And I'm looking at the picture and they have the not enough places there.
Listen, if oxygen was a patentable drug, pharmaceutical companies would be installing hyperbaric oxygen chambers in all the hospitals.
And then, you know, coming around once a week and, you know,
You owe us so much money for the oxygen you use, but oxygen's not a patentable drug.
And pharmaceutical companies not only don't make money with hyperbaric oxygen therapy.
They lose money.
Exactly, they lose money.
So also hyperbaric oxygen does not respect the compartmentalization of our current medical paradigm.
You are not supposed to treat out of your lane.
If you are treating out of your lane, you will get in trouble.
So hyperbaric oxygen just treats all over the specialty spectrum.
It doesn't care.
Whether you're having a neurological problem, I will treat you.
If you need your stem cells boosted up because you're getting a bone marrow transplant, it will treat you.
So it's all over the place, and that's not how conventional medicine is structured.
So it basically is spitting at conventional medicine.
And so that's why I call hyperbaric oxygen the Cinderella of conventional medicine, because it gets no respect.

[SPEAKER_10]
So 30 minutes, 20 to 30 minutes, once a week, if you're an older person, could dramatically change your life.
What pressure?

[SPEAKER_09]
So if you have the money to be doing this, you're probably going to get a portable chamber, put it in your study, and then treat yourself.
It would be with your own chamber.
But some people actually go to clinics.
once a week, once a month, and get some maintenance going.
Because it does so many things.
I mean, you can think, I'm healthy, I don't need hyperbaric oxygen.
You don't even know what's going on in your body.
And you're never gonna even know what the hyperbaric oxygen is doing for the things you don't even know that are wrong in your body.
So it's just, it's a near miraculous therapy.
that is totally underutilized.
And I'm hoping when the medical paradigm shifts, that it'll come to the fore and it will be the standard of treatment.
It'll be standard of care for traumatic brain injuries and kids with CP and autism and fetal alcohol syndrome.

[SPEAKER_10]
So, but you didn't answer my question.
So if I'm just doing it for general health,
What is my target pressure that I should be shooting for my 20 minute session?
Should I be trying to go to the max or am I better off at like 1.3 or what's the...

[SPEAKER_09]
I treat people for general health and I normally take them to two atmospheres.

[SPEAKER_10]
Okay.
And how high can you actually go?

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, you know, once you exceed three atmospheres, you really run into issues with oxygen convulsions.
They're benign seizures.
They don't look benign when you're
having them.
I mean, it's very hard to predict sometimes who's vulnerable to an oxygen convulsion.
If you are someone who has been getting by on rarefied amounts of oxygen, let's say you have sickle cell anemia, your brain is tuned to suck all the oxygen it can out of your blood.
And suddenly, if you flood that brain with massive amounts of oxygen, sometimes it can be too much.
But sometimes we can't predict who has an oxygen convulsion.
And it's very rare.
We're talking about 1 in 9,000.

[SPEAKER_10]
So the idea would be to go slow, maybe start at 1.3, go to 1.5.

[SPEAKER_09]
I have only treated one.
He was a commercial diver who had really bad decompression sickness.
And I had to take him past three atmospheres.
And I did have him sign a waiver saying he was likely to have an oxygen convulsion.
And he did.
But he came back.
He kept coming back because he was feeling so much better.
So that's the only patient I took past three atmospheres.

[SPEAKER_10]
So it's been a while since I took my divers education course.
What three atmospheres would be equivalent to how many feet underwater?

[SPEAKER_09]
We're talking 50 feet.
Yeah, like 55 feet, something like that.

[SPEAKER_10]
OK.
So in diving, you'll get the bends if you go deep enough for long enough.
And if you try to go and surface up, you're going to get the bends.
if you don't do your check at 20 feet or 10 feet or whatever for the required amount of time.
So does that mean when they use these chambers and they take you to two atmospheres, I think two atmospheres maybe, like if you go 30 feet or less, you can do that without any decompression.

[SPEAKER_09]
You're not breathing in nitrogen.
You're washing out all the nitrogen in your body.
So you can come up very fast from two atmospheres if you've been breathing 100% oxygen because there's no nitrogen in your body.

[SPEAKER_10]
I see.
So that's the trick is the you're breathing compressed oxygen and only oxygen.
Right.
And so that's manufactured then on site with machines.
They don't have to go and buy oxygen tanks and so forth.

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, some of the clinics use oxygen concentrators that are set up in parallel.
And they usually can't go past two atmospheres.
Other clinics will have liquid oxygen.
Other clinics will have just the cylinder oxygen tanks.
the medical grade oxygen.
So it depends, you know, different clinics do different things.

[SPEAKER_10]
Okay.
Anything.
What haven't I asked that you think our listeners would want to know?
That's the, that's the catchall question.

[SPEAKER_09]
You haven't asked a lot.
I mean, basically it's a bottleneck in my brain.
Give me, give me,
Give me a hint on something.

[SPEAKER_10]
Did you want to talk about hormone levels as we age?
Did you want to talk about bioidentical hormone therapy?

[SPEAKER_09]
This is one of my pet areas, because for eons, humans didn't live past mid-30s.
And there was no perimenopause.
There were no swollen prostates.
Long-term relationships, if they existed, didn't last very long.
There was no seven-year itch.
You were dead already.
And so what we're seeing now in whatever version civilization we are in has never happened before, where you have people living long enough to experience all kinds of things that nature had not intended.
You know, because nature had our back until we were 40.
And it's like it says, I'm very glad you've made it to 40.
You're on your own now.
And so you have to consciously do things to keep your body healthy.
And since hormones are so important, I mean, literally, for the vast majority of humanity, we're run on our hormones.
You know, you think, oh, I'm having a thought or I want to do this.
No, you wouldn't be thinking that thought.
You wouldn't be wanting to do this unless you had the right combination of hormones.
And, you know, most of the divorces,
are done by women, often in their 40s and 50s, because they're going through perimenopause, and the conventional medical system doesn't help women with perimenopause.
Now some people sail through perimenopause, a couple of power surges and that's it.
Other women will have their entire emotional connections to everyone, including their dog, wiped from them.
except for dysphoria.
And so this is a horrible, this is could be a horrible condition for people and it destroys relationships.
Uh, you know, when the hormones of infatuation disappear, you know, the oxytocin and the dopamine, maybe they can go on for two years by themselves.
But after that, there are a lot of people out there with oxytocin deficiencies.
And when, when someone has an oxytocin deficiency, then this is more about women than men because
And let me just say, when you don't have oxytocin at appropriate levels in your brain, oxytocin keeps inappropriate negative thoughts, fear and panic from getting into the limbic system of the brain, the emotional center of the brain.
And if your oxytocin levels drop, then you have all these subconscious traumas
and unresolved emotions seeping into your emotional center, and you start going into fight or flight.
Now, men usually don't go into fight or flight unless they're physically being attacked, that their bodies are
in physical danger, but women go into fight or flight very easily.
And so what happens as they start slowly going, it's like a thief in the night.
It doesn't happen like this, like leaves falling off of a tree.
And they start going into fight or flight and they become fearful of their own partner because that's who's the closest person to them.
And so the love light goes out and the relationship starts to deteriorate.
And it was all because we weren't replacing the hormones of infatuation to keep that relationship healthy.
Now there are people who don't need that, but a lot of people do.
I mean, you just have to look at the divorce statistics to know we've got a problem here.
So this is an area that I call it psychoendocrinology, which is mostly of academic interest.
It's never really come to the fore for clinical applications.
But like I said, nature never thought we were going to live past 40.
So it didn't provide.
We have to provide.
And if we don't, we'll just
have bad relationships or no relationships, and our health deteriorates.

[SPEAKER_10]
So what's the best way to maintain your hormones?
I mean, should you be supplementing them?
Yes.

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, you need to be supplementing them.
And you know, a lot of women have really bad PMS and menstrual cramps.
And it has to do with the fact that they're not making enough progesterone in the second half of their cycle.
And part of that may be because of endocrine disruption.
And polyester is probably the biggest culprit.
Not that polyester itself is an endocrine disruptor, but all the chemicals that they spray on polyester, those are endocrine disruptors.
So a lot of women, and they're not told this,
Maybe Mark can back me up.
They're not told, hey, you need to do a little extra progesterone the second half of your cycle, because you're not making enough progesterone.
How many people are told that?
I don't think it's a lot.

[SPEAKER_10]
Probably not.

[SPEAKER_09]
That's a very mundane, pedestrian thing to do, and women aren't being told to do this.
It's making them miserable.
You don't have to be so miserable.
Not that everyone has bad PMS, but a lot of women do.
Some of them become homicidal.
all from a lack of progesterone.
And so we're living at a time when we're exposed to all these nasty chemicals, and we have to consciously and proactively counteract them.
Otherwise, our quality of life deteriorates.

[SPEAKER_10]
And so if you're a man, for example,
yours truly, what supplements would you use to keep your hormones?
Would you measure your hormones and do it that way?

[SPEAKER_09]
You want to have a baseline.
You want to know what is your total and direct testosterone.
You want to know what your estradiol level is.
You want to know what your DHT level is.
And we're at a time where most men are suffering from hypogonadism.
And you can thank Atrazine and all these other endocrine disruptors that are out there.
And there are things that are luteinizing hormone analogs that you can take.
They can be prescription or they can be au natural.
For example, carrot seed oil is a luteinizing hormone analog.
And that will raise your testosterone levels.
But you also have to make sure that you're taking something to keep all this new testosterone from being converted into estrogen or DHT.
And I think DHT is the main culprit for why the prostate swells.
But estrogen probably plays a little role in that.
And stealth infections that you don't know, like a subclinical prostatitis.
So yes, so there are things you can do to keep your hormones up.
I don't endorse exogenous testosterone that causes your testes to shrink.
But there's a drug, epichlomothin, that is used for people who have been on testosterone replacement therapy.
They give them this drug to turn back on their testicles.
Well, why didn't you give me that drug in the first place?
What do you need the testosterone for?
This drug is related to chlomothin, which is used for women so that they ovulate, you know, like if they're, you know, doing
in vitro fertilization.
This one's better for men because clomophin only raises total testosterone, where epichlomophin raises both direct and total testosterone.
So that's part of the craziness.

[SPEAKER_10]
I've never heard of that.

[SPEAKER_09]
If you know about epichlomophen to give it to someone coming off of testosterone replacement therapy, why didn't you just give the epichlomophen in the first place?

[SPEAKER_10]
Right, right.
Well, I've never even heard about that.
And I used to do, I did research into testosterone therapy.
I used TRT.
I was
shooting myself with testosterone and it definitely worked.
For sure I would inject it subcutaneously rather than intramuscular and that worked just fine.
They don't tell you that either.

[SPEAKER_09]
But also, you know, when you're doing injectable testosterone, there are side effects.
I mean, I treated with hyperbaric oxygen.
This guy, his lungs were full with these micro-pulmonary emboli because his blood became hypercoagulable from all that exogenous testosterone he was making.
So, you know, there are dangers besides having your testicles shrink to nothing.
Right, right.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yes, and I can attest to that.
That is a side effect.

[SPEAKER_09]
So, I mean, so what you want to do is you want to encourage your testicles to make their own testosterone.
You don't want to be dependent on exogenous testosterone.

[SPEAKER_10]
Right.
So, um, so I was on HCG, uh, to do that, uh, while I was doing the TRT and that was recommended as that's the, that keeps your, your testicles from shrinking while you're on the testosterone.

[SPEAKER_09]
Like I said, there are easier ways to do this and cheaper ways.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.
So why is it, sorry, what was that again?

[SPEAKER_09]
Carrot seed oil is a luteinizing hormone analog.

[SPEAKER_10]
And you said that you would need to take something along with that in order to avoid the conversion to DHT, right?

[SPEAKER_09]
Right, so yes, you want to take something to stop, because when your testosterone goes up to it, or should be, there's more testosterone to convert to estrogen and DHT.
So you want to stop that from happening.

[SPEAKER_10]
And what do you use for that?

[SPEAKER_09]
So, well, Finistrate is a DHT blocker.
And anastrozole will stop the conversion of testosterone into estrogen.
Now, you don't need the same doses of a breast cancer patient takes or anything like that.
But I think it depends what your numbers.
If your estrogen is below 30, you're OK.
But if it's above 35, it's stopping your HDL
you know, lipids from deconstructing atherosclerotic plaques.
So you don't want that.
So, you know, some of the benefit, you're losing some of the benefit from your testosterone if you let your estrogen go too high.
And if you let your DHT go too high, you're going to have a problem peeing.
I mean, nevermind, you know, losing hair.

[SPEAKER_10]
So I don't have to worry about that.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_09]
But yeah, but no, nobody wants to have a swollen prostate if they don't have to.

[SPEAKER_10]
So if you took the epichlomophen, is that an alternative to taking the carrot seed oil?

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, I would not recommend taking carrot seed oil and epichlomophen.
It's one or the other.

[SPEAKER_10]
Okay, so if you took epichlomophen, then it's one and done.

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, right no, it's something you would need to be doing every day a little no No, but I meant that that you don't have to then take another you don't have to take the Astrazola or anything else that you know The medicine for keeping the testosterone the aromatase inhibitor, you know from keeping it going being converted to these other things that's
dependent on how high your testosterone.
So, you know, if the epichlomophen or the carrot seed oil or some of these other luteinizing hormone analogs like Tunggat Ali and things like that, if they're making your testosterone go up high, you need to be taking something.
If your numbers show, if your estrogen is going above 30, you need to stop that.
That's not good.

[SPEAKER_10]
Right.
And so is this the Epichlomophen?
Is that a prescription and do you inject that or how's that taken?
No, that's oral.
Oh, wow.
How is it that I've never heard of this before?

[SPEAKER_09]
And most doctors have never heard of it before.

[SPEAKER_10]
Wow.
That is amazing.
So it's a pill and presumably it's only by doctor prescription.

[SPEAKER_09]
Or you can order it online from other places outside the United States.

[SPEAKER_10]
And how expensive is it?

[SPEAKER_09]
Not bad at all.
I don't know the exact number, but it's not no, it's not a ballbuster at all.

[SPEAKER_10]
I love the analogy there.
That is too cool.
I'm definitely there's there's some there's some takeaways on on this episode for me.

[SPEAKER_09]
So of course, of course.

[SPEAKER_10]
I mean, we need you have anything else like that.
This is, you know, now that we're on a roll here, is there any any other

[SPEAKER_06]
Things I should know or people should know that that we know that we're not supposed to know We also have audience questions to see just but go ahead.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah since you're in the Bay Area where the Incidents I would say south of the Golden Gate Bridge the incidence of Lyme disease is about 30% and North of the Golden Gate Bridge.
I think the incidence of Lyme disease is 40% and I'm talking about people who are never going to find out that they have Lyme disease but
My favorite drug for treating Lyme disease is another drug that most doctors don't know about.
It's called Alenia, Nidazoxanide.
And one of the things that this drug does, which is an anti-cancer drug and an anti-parasitic drug, it's like ivermectin.
It's like a mother drug.
It treats here, it treats here, it treats here.
So one of the things that Alenia does is it strips
the Borrelia organism, the Lyme organism of its protective biofilm.
I mean, you can be on the right antibiotics for years and you still have active case of Lyme disease because you were never doing anything to get rid of the biofilm.
Well, the Illinia just rips the biofilm right off of this organism and exposes it to your immune system and whatever antibiotics you're taking.
So it's a total game changer.
And I haven't kept it a secret when I discovered what an incredible biofilm ripper it was.
You know, I met with the president of ILADS.
I put it in my book.
I've written articles about it.
But again, you know, it's made by one of those One Drug Wonder companies.
It's generic now.
And so...

[SPEAKER_10]
It's called Alinea?

[SPEAKER_09]
Alinea, A-L-I-N-I-A.

[SPEAKER_10]
Just like it sounds.
And that's not well known as a treatment for Lyme disease.

[SPEAKER_09]
No.
You know, one of the problems in the United States
was that, well, when I started using Alinea for Lyme disease, it was $40 a tablet, where in India it was 20 cents a tablet.
And then suddenly the company raised their prices to $140 a tablet.
And I asked them why they did that.
And they said, well, even at $40 a tablet, only patients with insurance that would pay for it
would, you know, buy it.
So if it's only insurance companies, they decided we're just going to bump up the cost.

[SPEAKER_10]
Okay.
But that's it's generic, right?

[SPEAKER_09]
Yes, it's generic.
But in the United States, it's just made by this one company, Romark.

[SPEAKER_10]
Wow.

[SPEAKER_09]
Now, you know, an Indian... And is it still is it still that expensive?
Yeah, it's still like $130.
Now,

[SPEAKER_10]
Per pill?

[SPEAKER_09]
Per pill, yes.
And you may need to be on it for months.
So we're talking about thousands and thousands and thousands of dollars.

[SPEAKER_10]
That's insane.

[SPEAKER_09]
You're taking two a day.
But in India, Lupin, which is like their second largest pharmaceutical company, they sell it for 20 cents a tablet.
And it's the real thing.
I had it tested.
Lupin even had the rights to make the oral suspension version of Alinea at one point.
I don't think they have that contract anymore, but you know, it's the real thing.
So yes, this is a generic drug.
But in the United, you know, I don't know if what Trump is doing about, you know, lowering the cost of prescription drugs.

[SPEAKER_10]
Supposed to equalize it so they can't gouge you in the United States when they're selling it for less overseas.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, going from $140 a tablet, 20 cents a tablet, I don't see that happening, but.

[SPEAKER_10]
Not in my lifetime, maybe.
And you said a lot of people have Lyme disease and don't know it how do you know?
How would you know you had Lyme disease?

[SPEAKER_09]
Is there a gosh?
It's it's it's like this is the grand chevalier You know the it's a chameleon it can produce so many different symptoms Depending on where the organism sets up a community in your body.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, so how do you know?

[SPEAKER_09]
You have to get tested

[SPEAKER_10]
I mean now so it's it's doctor there's something wrong with me and gee maybe it could be Lyme disease let's check for that yeah when you say doctor there's something wrong with me now you're in real trouble because yeah no I know I was just using that is it don't know that was a placeholder
Okay.
Okay.
All right.
Olivia.

[SPEAKER_06]
I'm going to bring Dr. Galili back because we've got questions for both of you.
Lots of them.
And I'm going to start with one from Bell CM who actually gave us a little rumble rant.
Thank you for this.
What about women like me who had a total hysterectomy in 2004 and never had any hormone replacement?
I've always felt like the poster child for hysterectomy without, as far as I can tell, no noticeable.

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, you got lucky.
You know, that's all I have to say.
And were you offered hormone replacement therapy?
Because that's usually standard practice if someone takes out your ovaries is to offer you hormone replacement therapy.
So if you did this without that and didn't have symptoms, good for you.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, if you want to respond in the chat, we can follow up with your question there.
Next question for Dr. Galili, is your protocol, this is from Buskman, is your protocol available where other physicians can access it?
And if so, where?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, again, the protocol, it's customized to each patient, whether I treat them for fluoroquinone toxicity, COVID vaccine injuries, autoimmune disease, I make a protocol for each specific patient.
So it's not a one size fits all.
This requires years and years of extensive training and learning what each mineral nutrient and how the cells work in order to help reverse mitochondrial toxicity.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, and so do you have you ever gone and trained other doctors or any other doctors been interested in how you treat patients and come and learn from you?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, I mean, we all as doctors, we all learn from each other.
And I recommend any physician who's, you know, looking for a different approach for their patients are more than welcome to talk to me.
And there's a lot of people in the community.
There are multiple functional medicine conferences out there that I would recommend they go enroll and start learning about functional and regenerative medicine.

[SPEAKER_06]
Thank you.
Question from Dino Man Rumble.
Have you Dr. Galili noticed any SIDS cases after vaccine given?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yes.
Yes, many times.
I hear from mothers, I've seen stories online, but I've seen it personally from people I know that have unfortunately lost their child.

[SPEAKER_10]
All the time.

[SPEAKER_02]
Like if you look at the data, Steve, I think, I think you'll be able to say this during the COVID time, there was a certain period where there were barely any SIDS cases because people weren't taking their children to the doctor to receive the vaccines.
Can you elaborate on that?

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, definitely.
I don't know what the numbers are, but we've had a number of cases that were referred to us where the parents had a dead child shortly, sometimes within 12 hours after they got a vaccine.
And so we were able to then extract the tissues to do a much more thorough autopsy.
And Ryan Cole has been doing the work and we're waiting on the test results that should be
very enlightening, because usually we hear about these cases when it's too late, after the body has already been buried.
And so it's nice that we have now a couple of cases where the child died.
In one case, it was less than 12 hours after a perfectly normal child, perfectly healthy, got six shots of essentially 12 different vaccines.
at the one year old appointment and ended up dead less than 12 hours later.
And typically what happens in these cases is the autopsy is written saying, oh, well, sudden, sudden infant death can't figure it out.
And they always omit the part that, okay.
And the child got, you know, these vaccines just 12 hours before the child expired.
That's always omitted from the death certificate.
So nobody will ever know.

[SPEAKER_09]
And there, you know, there was that study that showed that almost 80% of SIDS cases took place within 24 hours of the vaccine, a statistic that is roundly ignored.

[SPEAKER_10]
Right.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
I tried to FOIA that information from the Omaha police department and they said they wouldn't collect it and give me the information.
nor, nor would the Santa Clara County start to collect that information on a SIDS case as to when the child would be last vaccinated.
So they're just letting these kids die and they're either not collecting the information or they're collecting the information and not telling anyone.

[SPEAKER_09]
So, you know, in 2004, when I was invited to testify at the government reform and oversight committee about, you know, new treatments for autism, I was pulled aside and told everyone in the government who
and the upper echelons of government who wants to know whether vaccines are causing autism already knows the answer and they're not going to do anything about it.
The reparations, I mean, can you imagine the reparations for the SIDS cases, for the autism cases, you know?

[SPEAKER_10]
Oh, yeah, it'd be.
This is going to come out.
Okay.
And when it does, it should be devastating for the medical community that they've been gaslighting us for so long for the mainstream media that they haven't been looking into this.
This has been so obvious to so many of us for so long and we're treated as misinformation spreaders and so forth.
And the kids are suffering for it and paying the price.
It's not right.

[SPEAKER_09]
So I left Washington DC going, OK, we're just going to have to wait till 2035 when one out of every two boys in California have autism.
And I said, that'll bring down the government.
And then maybe some of these kids can get treated.

[SPEAKER_10]
You know, it's unclear that even that would make a difference.
I mean, people are so ingrained.
Trying to change someone's mind on this stuff is so hard.
It's going to take somebody like Paul Offit
Admitting he was wrong and Paul off it is never going doesn't matter what the evidence is these guys that are the respected authorities on this are never going to Admit they were wrong and it's so horrible.

[SPEAKER_09]
They're just gonna let the kids stop the the kids suffer with with with autism and I was told I was told that if you are told a lie three times from respected authorities, you know someone in a white coat and
someone at the CDC, after the third time, it doesn't matter what facts you are shown, you will not change your mind.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.
That may be true for some people.
There are other people who are told lies and they can recover from that when there is contrary evidence that's put in front of them.
And I know that because I'm one of those people.
I was a complete believer in the vaccines and it took me maybe a week
After I started hearing evidence that made me suspicious that someone was lying to me, either my friends were lying to me about their conditions or the government was lying to me about safety.
It had to be one or the other.
And I was going to get to the bottom of it.
And it took me about a week.
And after a week, I realized that I had been lied to by the government.
There was no question.
So it can happen, but I think it's just there's something in people that, and I think I'm pretty unusual in being able to reverse a position based on the data.
I have no vested interest in any of this stuff.
It's just like, hey, this is stuff I heard, and now you're telling me stuff that's contrary.
A lot of people view that as cognitive dissonance and then blank out and refuse to listen to anything that challenges their belief system.

[SPEAKER_09]
I just want to interject something.
Some people may not, it might trigger some people, but behind all this craziness that you and I have both run into,
is the fact that there is actually a cult that wants to depopulate the world and destroy Western civilization.
And what better way to do that than to create all these autistic kids?
They can't reproduce.
I mean, they can reproduce.
They're not going to have families.
They're not going to get married.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, I just think it's just total ignorance.
It's like, you know, they have this belief system.
People don't want to change their belief system.
I don't think this is an evil agenda to create a lot of people who are autistic.
It could be.
We haven't seen any smoking gun evidence that that is the case.

[SPEAKER_06]
Dr. Gallili has to leave us.
He has an appointment to make.
So I just want to say to Dr. Gallili, thank you so much for joining us this evening and for all your expertise and all the work that you're doing.
And for our audience, where can they find you and your work if they want to get a hold of you?

[SPEAKER_02]
Oh, sure.
Thank you so much for having me here and being able to provide my insight and Dr. Stoller providing his incredible insight, not only HBOT, but about how the government is poisoning us and we're all on the same page.
But to find me is going to be RegenMedLA.com, R-E-G-E-N-M-E-D-L-A.com.
That's our website and there's patient contact request forms there and a lot of
Knowledgeable and useful information that will help you, especially if you are suffering from fluoroquinolone toxicity.

[SPEAKER_06]
Thank you for that, Janet.
We'll put that in the chat.
Thank you again, Dr. Gillili, and hopefully we can have you back on another time in the future.

[SPEAKER_02]
I'd love to.

[SPEAKER_06]
Thank you so much.

[SPEAKER_02]
Thank you so much.

[SPEAKER_06]
Thank you.
And I have more questions for Dr. Stoller.
In fact, we have another rumble rant question from L170SGAL.
Thank you for the donation.
What are Dr. Stoller's thoughts on estering for menopausal women?

[SPEAKER_09]
I'm a big advocate for bioidentical estrogen for menopausal women.
Absolutely.

[SPEAKER_06]
Great.
Thank you for that response.
Question from Lisa.
Is it true that using a hyperbaric chamber can change the shape of your eyeball requiring reading glasses for some people?
And do you use 100% oxygen or some lesser percentage?

[SPEAKER_09]
So if you're getting 100% oxygen at deep pressures, it can temporarily change the shape of your cornea.
And what I would tell people is your vision can either improve or deteriorate depending on whether you're myopic or not.
And if you have to get a new prescription, don't spend a lot of money on the frames because your vision will return to normal when you stop using hyperbaric oxygen at deep pressures.

[SPEAKER_10]
Wow.
So just a single treatment in an hour can change your vision?

[SPEAKER_09]
No, it usually takes place over multiple treatments.

[SPEAKER_10]
And so if you went in for 30 minutes once a week, is that going to change your prescription?

[SPEAKER_09]
I would be willing to bet it would not.

[SPEAKER_10]
And final question, which is when you talk about 30 minutes in the chamber, it takes the chamber a while to get up to speed and it takes the chamber a while to go back to normal.
So when you talk about, you get the benefits in 20 minutes, you're talking about 20 minutes at pressure.

[SPEAKER_09]
Right.
So, you know, when I normally treat people that are on oxygen, when the door closes,
And it can take them, you know, 10 minutes to get down to depth and they're on oxygen that time.
That doesn't count.
So I'm talking about, you know, 20 to 30 minutes at bottom.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
Okay.
Question from Lee Lee.
What about drug interactions?
If someone is on a regular medication, do these interact commonly?

[SPEAKER_09]
When you say these, what are the these that we're talking about?

[SPEAKER_06]
No specific mention of which drug interactions.

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, I wouldn't be taking Cipro and Prozac at the same time.
That's a double dose of fluoride.

[SPEAKER_06]
OK, well, if you want to respond, Lili, with a more specific drug interaction, maybe we can get a response for you from Dino Man Rumble.
Is there any danger of too much oxygen?

[SPEAKER_09]
There's a danger of too much anything.
So yeah, if you're in a hyperbaric chamber, breathing 100% oxygen for 12 hours, yeah, you're gonna have a pulmonary toxicity.
It's gonna affect your lungs.
We don't do that.

[SPEAKER_06]
Good response.
Anything or too much of anything is probably not good for you.
Um, question from Tweety 70, can nebulized hydrogen peroxide provide as much or more oxygen to the blood as the hyperbaric oxygen tank treatment at a much lower cost?

[SPEAKER_09]
No, totally.
It's a totally separate animal.
A nebulized hydrogen peroxide might be good if you have a lung infection, but it is not going to raise the oxygen level in your blood or anywhere else.

[SPEAKER_06]
Question from seeking truth for us.
Can HBOT be used for dementia?

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, I mean, that's an interesting question because a lot of people with dementia actually have unrecognized infections in their brain.
In fact, there's a paper that came out in 2011
showing that most of the cases of Alzheimer's disease were a mixed infection driven by usually Borreliosis.
But by the time you're symptomatic, it's not just one bacteria.
It's a bacteria, it's a virus, it's a fungus.
So all those infections have to be treated.
Now, of course, you can have dementia because you've got to
vascular issue, vascular dementia.
That's different.
And you can have dementia because somebody poisoned you with carbon monoxide.
But if it's just, you know, regular general dementia, it's usually driven by an unrecognized infection.
And hyperbaric oxygen can treat dementia with or without treating those infections because
Hyperbaric oxygen increases the power of your immune system, and if you have an infection, you want a more powerful immune system, not a less powerful immune system.
Which brings us to MS. You know that in the United Kingdom,
Hyperbaric oxygen is the primary treatment for MS patients by MS patients.
It has nothing to do with National Health Service.
And through my years of clinical experience, I have found that true MS, not misdiagnosed from Lyme disease, but true MS is actually a retroviral infection.
And I have treated several patients
with antiretroviral drugs, drugs used to treat AIDS patients, and their symptoms go away.
So that tells me this was a retroviral infection.
So why would the hyperbaric oxygen help?
Well, hyperbaric oxygen helps because it ramps up your immune system.
And if you have a viral infection, you want a more powerful immune system, not a less powerful immune system.
So there are like 60 charity chambers in the United Kingdom
that treat MS patients for nothing.
If you have something else that's a sliding scale token charge, but nothing like that exists in the United States.

[SPEAKER_06]
No charity chambers here.

[SPEAKER_09]
Nope.

[SPEAKER_06]
I had a friend or have a friend 10 years ago, he shattered his knee in a horrible skiing accident and he used a hyperbaric chamber and it was incredible how much faster he recovered from the surgery.
using that almost on a daily basis, I think he was.

[SPEAKER_09]
I mean, if you can get a sprained ankle into a chamber within two hours from that injury, your recovery time improves by 70%.

[SPEAKER_06]
That's significant.

[SPEAKER_10]
That's huge.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
Question from Bell cm1 and thank you.
This is another rumble rant.
Appreciate that.
The question is why do we need bioidentical estrogen and where do we get it?

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, I'd like to think you could go to your neighborhood gynecologist, but I think you're better off
going to someone like a naturopath or a functional medicine physician who has a lot of experience treating perimenopause and menopausal women, not someone who's a dilettante.
You want to go to somebody who has a reputation for treating postmenopausal and perimenopausal women, and that's a big part of their practice.

[SPEAKER_06]
Thank you.
Question from Black Dingo.
Do you have to eat a pill?
Can you just eat carrots?
I think he was talking about the carrot seed oil.

[SPEAKER_09]
No, you know, you have to get the carrot seed oil.

[SPEAKER_06]
That's what I figured.
Not just the pill.
Let's see.
Greg Glassen asked, what's the ideal relationship for therapeutic hydrogen and oxygen?
What's the big picture of gases and health?

[SPEAKER_09]
So I mean, he mentions hydrogen.
And I think that the noble gases, argon, xenon, hydrogen, I think they actually have the potential to have therapeutic clinical uses under pressure.
They're supposedly inert and have no, but I think under pressure they, and this is an area that needs to be explored.
But now are we talking about breathing hydrogen or drinking hydrogen water?
sort of different.
But yeah, so I think hydrogen is something that will come to the fore in the future.
Not today, but it is being explored by a lot of people, especially in Japan.
So yeah, there's therapeutic uses of hydrogen.
Absolutely.

[SPEAKER_06]
I'll ask one more question because it came from a couple of people, which is does hyperbaric treatment help with mold illness?

[SPEAKER_09]
Um, yes, uh, recovery from the mic, the injury from the mycotoxins.
So it doesn't necessarily, uh, kill the mold.
Like if you have active mold in your body, but all these mycotoxins people get from, you know, whether it's aspergillus, lung infections or whatever it is, these, the mold creates these poisons and they get into it and it damage your mitochondria.
And that's where the hyperbaric oxygen comes in to recover from the mycotoxin damage.

[SPEAKER_10]
OK, I've got a question.
I've been looking up epichlomophen, and nobody's ever heard of it.
I asked two AI engines.
Am I spelling it wrong?
It's not Clomid, right?

[SPEAKER_09]
No, no.
Clomid is the cousin of Clomid.

[SPEAKER_10]
OK, and can you spell it?

[SPEAKER_09]
Let me get my bottle.

[SPEAKER_10]
It's a little details like this, like the AI engines are just not able to figure this one out.
No.
Good thing I'm asking the question.

[SPEAKER_06]
It couldn't autocorrect the spelling either, probably.

[SPEAKER_10]
No, it couldn't.
I haven't tried Google.

[SPEAKER_06]
There was one question for you down here from CS Canon one.
And it asks, has Steve tried D M S O I drops?

[SPEAKER_10]
Um, yes, I, uh, I have a gamma.
So, um, okay.
I tried it once.
Um, but yep.
Go ahead.

[SPEAKER_09]
Uh, my mistake.
It's N chlamathine, not epi, but Ian.

[SPEAKER_10]
Ah, okay, so it's, spell it for me.

[SPEAKER_09]
E-N-C-L-O-M-I-P-H-E-N-E.

[SPEAKER_10]
E N C. Okay.
Whoops.
E N C. Sorry.
Try it again.
E N C. Oh, you can show it to me.
All right.
Hang on.
You gotta get, move all these things out of the way.

[SPEAKER_09]
Can you see that?

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_09]
Uh, there we go.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_10]
It's a little, it's hard to see.

[SPEAKER_09]
All right.
E N C L O M I P H E N E.

[SPEAKER_10]
Okay.
Okay, great.
We'll see if that works.

[SPEAKER_06]
That they shouldn't find that it's on the bottle.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, and I only take 12.5 milligrams a day.

[SPEAKER_06]
I do have a question from while Steve's looking that up from Monica grab.
How do you increase progesterone naturally?

[SPEAKER_09]
Um, I don't think there's anything that you can take that I know of that bumps up progesterone levels, but you know, you can, you know, you can, there's all kinds of progesterone creams that you can apply topically.
There's slow release and short release oral progesterone that you can take, but I'm not aware of anything, you know, au neutral that bumps up progesterone levels.

[SPEAKER_06]
Okay.
Steve, are you looking that up before?

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, I'm about to put in the correct spelling, I think.
So let's see what happened.
And then how much does that raise your, does that put you to normal testosterone levels?

[SPEAKER_09]
So, I mean, everyone's different.
Like, you know, one person can take one teaspoon of carrot seed oil and their, you know, testosterone goes from 300 to 800.

[SPEAKER_10]
holy shit but that's that's that person that's not necessarily you know everybody who does that right sure you have to follow your uh hormone levels yeah okay so it's um it it did find it it said uh n-chromophene a citrate is the pure trans isomer of chromophene citrate yeah that's stuff okay so n-chromophene citrate

[SPEAKER_09]
Yes.
And I've seen it come in pills and I mean, I have both liquid and pills.

[SPEAKER_10]
Okay.

[SPEAKER_06]
Cool.
Dr. Stoller, where can our audience find you or find you currently?
And I know you've written a couple of books at least.
Where can our audience find more of you and your work?

[SPEAKER_09]
So Stoller HBOT.com, probably the easiest.
website to reach me at.

[SPEAKER_06]
And your books are uncurable me and uncurable us.

[SPEAKER_09]
Incurable us is a revised, is a paperback revised version of incurable me.

[SPEAKER_06]
Excellent.
And I did find them on Barnes and Noble.

[SPEAKER_09]
And I don't think it's $19.
I mean, Amazon has, I think at $13.

[SPEAKER_06]
So I'll be a better bet on Amazon or local bookstore.
Make sure to get your copy out there.
Dr. Stoller.
Thank you so much.
It's been so much great information and thank you for your generosity and expertise and time this evening.

[SPEAKER_09]
You're very welcome.
Glad to be here.

[SPEAKER_10]
Oh, wow.
I'm looking this up on my red-pilled AI engine, by the way.
And Clomophene, key facts.
It says it's a trans isomer, blah, blah, blah.
Unlike the mixed isomer formulation commonly prescribed, and Clomophene has some distinct advantages.
uh mechanism selectively blocks estrogen receptors in the pituitary increasing LH and FSH production which stimulates testosterone production in men advantages over clomid blah blah blah potential benefits increases testosterone production without the side effects
Man-improved fertility in men can help address symptoms of hypogonadism.
The regulatory situation is the most interesting part.
The FDA has repeatedly denied approval for enclomaphene despite promising clinical trials.
And of course, this is the red-pilled AI.
This is a classic example of how regulatory agencies often block access to potentially beneficial compounds, protect pharmaceutical interests that profit more from expensive testosterone replacement therapies, and complicate access to treatments that could help men address hormone issues naturally.
Bingo.
Yeah, many men have found that and clomophene provides testosterone support without the drawbacks of conventional TRT, yet mainstream medicine continues pushing patented profitable hormone replacement while making it difficult to access this alternative.
Wow.

[SPEAKER_09]
Bingo.

[SPEAKER_10]
There you have it.
You know, this is like a, you know, another red pill moment, right?
Because they tell you these testosterone pellets,
that they stick under your skin and they charge you, I don't know, $1,000 each time you do that and then it lasts for a few months.
But it's a damn painful operation.
I've seen it done to do that.
This looks like, you know, then you see these TV commercials for, what is it, Neugenics or something like that.
You've seen those, Livio, right?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, like, you know, and I'm sure that doesn't work with beans.
And here's the stuff that works that nobody ever talks about.
Wow, this is, I love this.

[SPEAKER_09]
It's all over medicine, these little stories about beneficial drugs that are suppressed by the FDA, are killed by the FDA, because it would interfere with someone's big bucks alternative.
And it's criminal.

[SPEAKER_06]
Steve, any chance you can put that in the chat, your information, people are asking for it.

[SPEAKER_10]
What's that?

[SPEAKER_06]
What you just read.
your, uh, your, oh, oh, oh, sure.
Yeah.
Let me, or if you send it to Janet or me, we can pop it into the, yeah, sure.

[SPEAKER_10]
I'll, um, I'll cut and paste the whole thing.
Hang on.
Okay.
I mean, basically, uh, let's see, sorry, Olivia, which, which chat, uh, you can, I don't know if you have a chat access.

[SPEAKER_06]
So if you text it to me, I'll put it in the rumble chat.

[SPEAKER_10]
All right.
Okay.
So I'll, uh, let's see.

[SPEAKER_06]
Either text or zoom chat.

[SPEAKER_09]
But you know, essentially and clomophene would completely destroy the testosterone testosterone replacement therapy paradigm.

[SPEAKER_10]
And you know, in this country, if it was approved, you know, wow.
Powerful forces keeping unbelievable from the masses.
Okay, let's see.
So let me paste that.

[SPEAKER_09]
You might ask, how did I figure this out?

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, how did you figure it out?
Yeah, that's a great question that you asked yourself.

[SPEAKER_09]
I said, well, you know, luteinizing hormone analogs increase testosterone levels.
And chlomid is a luteinizing hormone analog.
So maybe men should be taking chlomid.
So I did a little research and they said, well, men are actually better off within chlomethene because it increases both direct and total testosterone where chlomid only increases total.
And they went, well, well, heck, well, and I'm ordering some.
And that was how it happened.

[SPEAKER_10]
Wow.
So like you didn't see it on a website anywhere.
You just figured it out yourself.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, I just said, well, Clomid, maybe I should be taking Clomid, just like the women do who are doing, you know, IVF.
So, but that's when I did some research and said, no, actually, you really want in Clomiphene, not Clomid.

[SPEAKER_10]
So have you seen this talked about anywhere else on the internet?
Are you the only one who's figured this out?

[SPEAKER_09]
You know what, in my book, I talk about how the University of Rochester did a study showing that DDE, which is like one of the only metabolites of DDT, had a direct correlation with late stage Alzheimer's disease.
And I'm going, where the hell are these people getting exposed to DDT?
Is this left over from the 1950s?
Well, so I did a little research and I found this pesticide called Dicaphyll.
Dicaphyll is exactly the same molecule as DDT, but it has a hydroxyl group attached to it.
So in other words, if DDT is a pig, Dicaphyll is a pig with beer breath.
It's still DDT.
So this general use ban that we all know about from, you know, 1972 on DDT was smoking mirrors.

[SPEAKER_10]
Oh, wow.
That's not well known.

[SPEAKER_09]
And so I asked somebody, hey, I can't be the only one who figured this out.
Somebody else figured this out.
No, they said, you're the only one who figured it out who didn't get paid off.

[SPEAKER_10]
Well, did anyone try to pay you off?

[SPEAKER_09]
No, I have been so, I feel so like discriminated against.
Nobody wants to, you know, pay me any money to be saying lies to people.
I just don't understand it.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_06]
I'm copy pasting in pieces because the chat only allows so many characters.
So for all of you.

[SPEAKER_10]
Sorry, it's not super well formatted.

[SPEAKER_09]
Wait, wait, wait, Reuters got $300 million to dis Elon Musk?
Wow.

[SPEAKER_10]
$300 million?

[SPEAKER_09]
$300 million just for doing that one task.

[SPEAKER_10]
I would do it for $100 million.
I could have saved them, whoever it is, I could have saved them so much money, I'd do it for a third the price.
No, but I like Elon.
Elon's great.
He had a little overboard on the Doge thing, but I like Elon.
He's a smart guy.

[SPEAKER_06]
Okay.
We're going to let Dr. Kenneth Stoller go.
It's been a long, but fantastic, fascinating interview and conversation.

[SPEAKER_10]
Definitely.

[SPEAKER_06]
Definitely changed my life.
We appreciate you being with us and hopefully you can join us again later on Dr. Stoller.

[SPEAKER_09]
And Steve remembers he went to school with my brother, right?
Oh, really?
Oh, yeah.
David.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.
Boy, that was a long time ago.
Wow.
Small world.
Very small world.

[SPEAKER_06]
Doctors told me I did want to say that there were several people in the chat that that support your evil thesis about depopulation.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yes, sir.
I'm sure you were not alone.

[SPEAKER_06]
All right.
There were many.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_06]
Okay.
Don't worry about that.
I'm going to let Dr. Stoller go, but hang in there.
Steve and I have a few announcements to make.
First one, before we sign off and end with a great video with Dr. Corey, the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation is proud to be sponsoring a groundbreaking new study targeting one of the nation's most urgent chronic disease epidemics.
This project represents a bold leap forward in uncovering truth, advancing science,
and demanding accountability.
We can't wait to share more details with you soon, but we need your help.
VSRF survives entirely on grassroots donations.
I'm going to put the graphic up.
Your support keeps us going.
It funds this study.
It funds this show.
It fuels the fight for medical freedom and informed consent.
Please give today and stay tuned for more details on this game changing initiative.
And on the screen you can see you can text BSRF to 53555 or you can go to our website at vacsafety.org backslash donate.
And I want to thank Bell CM1 again for another Rumble Chat.
Really appreciate your support this evening.
Steve, anything you want to say about this study that's coming up or should we just wait until it's fully official and happening?

[SPEAKER_10]
This study, which one are you talking about?

[SPEAKER_06]
The autism.

[SPEAKER_10]
Study the one with that study.
I don't know much about it.
I haven't been able to confirm anything.
Okay, let's stand.
I mean, I know it's coming because I've talked to RFK about it.
Right.
And he seems to be pretty jazzed, but he didn't give me any details other than the name of the guy who's doing it.
And I called him up and he didn't return my calls.

[SPEAKER_06]
Okay.
It's not final.
I'm just teasing it up.
So we're not going to say too much else.
But hopefully we get all the final info on that.
Also, I want to shine a light on two important announcements.
The Independent Medical Alliance, they have launched a powerful new initiative called Smart Moms Asks.
Let me see if I can get that website up very quickly here.
Let's get the campaign IMA and let me share my screen once again so you can see this study.
Let me expand this out a little bit.
This nationwide campaign mobilizes mothers across the country to demand that the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services and the CDC remove mRNA COVID-19 vaccines from the childhood immunization schedule and stop recommending them for infants, children, and pregnant women.
And we saw that happening today, that it's going to happen.
Sign the petition, share it wide and far.
This is how we make change happen.
So we want to make sure that we continue this push so that it actually does happen.
That's great news that it's already going to happen.
And let's see, what else do we have here?
Our very own Lisa Leahy, director of research at VSRF, will appear on CHDTV next Wednesday with Polly Tommy to expose the little known dangers of fluoride varnishes, which is now being applied to infants during routine well baby visits.
given often alongside multiple vaccines.
It's a conversation every parent needs to hear, so don't miss it.
Janet will put a link to the CHDTV and we'll share it in our social media, VSR social media, once we have a link to the interview.
And then also next week, be sure to join us for a critical measles conversation.
Let me put this graphic up.
It's a measles update featuring two of our favorite doctors, Brian Hooker and Pierre Corey.
You won't want to miss their insight into what's really going on.
They'll cut through the fear, the headlines and the hype to bring you the truth.
And I am looking forward to having Dr. Corey back on next week, Steve.
It's been a little while.
And that should be a great conversation.
And I think that is it for the evening.
I've got a little video of Dr. Pierre Corey, speaking of Dr. Corey.
He was on Royce White's podcast recently.
So I'm going to play a little clip from that.
And Steve, thank you for your time this evening as well.
Great work.
Fantastic interview.
So much information from both Dr. Gallilli and Dr. Holder.
That was fantastic.
All right, everyone.
Thank you for being here tonight.
Have a great evening and a great weekend.
You too, Steve.
Have a great evening and weekend and we'll see you all next week.
Good night.

[SPEAKER_00]
As a lifelong doctor, if there was one thing you could change, if there was one institution policy practice thing that you've seen in the industry over your career that you would change, what would it be?

[SPEAKER_11]
I would dismantle the whole vaccine apparatus.
I think for several reasons.
I think they're destroying the health of our children and our country.
Do you know what it's like for a family to have an autistic kid who's nonverbal?
their entire lives are altered from that moment forth.
I have patients who have vaccine injured autistic kids who are totally dependent on them.
Even as adults, they know their kids will never leave the house.
They need to be home all the time.
Caring for someone like that is so destructive to not only the child's lives, the parents' lives, and there's many, many of them out there.
That's just one little snip of the vaccines.
And number two, like I said, they're unnecessary.
They're built on myths.
And
And the illnesses that are exploding, like this chronic disease epidemic that Bobby talks about, a lot of us talk about, yeah, there's other causes, right?
Our food is getting polluted, our food additives, agriculture, pesticides, but vaccine's a huge one.
And I know the data.
Unvaccinated children are far, far healthier than others.
And then, so what would someone scream at me when I say that?
They were like, oh, you want a child to die from measles?
I'm like, are you kidding me?
You know how many kids die from measles?
It's extremely rare.
They'll tell me if we get rid of the vaccines, it'll come back.
Not true.
That's not what drove all the measles epidemics in the past.
That's number one.
Number two, we have really good antivirals.
I know of a few more, which you can talk about later on that I've discovered, but we have ways to treat those illnesses that you just don't need the vaccines.
And I just think in terms of health,
I am so angry for having been lied to for so long.
The books that they write about vaccines are just false.
They're false.
And remember, the entire legislation in 1985 came about because the vaccine manufacturers threatened to stop manufacturing vaccines.
Why?
Because, and it's in the act in 1995, because they were deemed unavoidably unsafe and they could not
be liable anymore for all the injuries they were causing.
So what happens is Congress gives them immunity.
And what do they do with that immunity?
They explode our schedule and they're jabbing every kid and they're weaponizing, they're using legal mandates.
You know, kids can't go to school in a lot of states and communities without getting fully vaccinated.
And you know, many patients I have family like parents come to me to save their children.
And in some, in some states, if they come to me, I tell them, here are your options.
homeschool or move.
Not everyone's got the disposable cash to do those two things.
They're working all day.
They can't just decide to homeschool.
And like, but they, many of them are brought to that decision point because they don't want their kids to get vaccinated.
And so I got to tell you, I would, I think that whole vaccine meth needs to be taken down.
slowly or quickly or somehow, but people need to educate themselves on that, and I include all of the doctors, and I would offer two books.
One is Dissolving Illusions by Kathleen Humphries, and the other one is a masterpiece of academic work called Turtles All the Way Down, written by five anonymous Israeli scientists, and they so expertly go through the entire evidence base for vaccines, and it's a devastating conclusion that we've been lied to around vaccines for so long.

[SPEAKER_06]
Wow.
