[SPEAKER_06]
Quit my day job as a white girl, I'm so done with all that shit Packed everything that I own, this pharma game just makes me sick I just wanna buy a house and live in peace and get my bag But the world's gone fully crazy, what's this all part of their plan?

[SPEAKER_07]
This world has got me feeling so blue So sticky lips and shaky tears, what's the go?
Just so your soul won't just give these chops to you Your thoughts on you, let's be approved No right or sex on drugs that shit and auto-drug

[SPEAKER_06]
Here's some genocide on a Monday Very I've seen files in the red tape Bang of the roof, showing God is above me Like, ooh, praying on a Sunday They call me Red Bull, Taylor Swift, cause I give a shit Selling fear for clicks If the world goes up in smoke Is this some kind of joke?
Poconuts and palm trees, damn, like, that's the shit they want See, don't ever stress, maybe we blessed Get into debt, it feels the best

[SPEAKER_07]
Here's your 100th booster, don't you choose another option Trust the science, baby, side effects are not our problem It's cool, I found a groove Cruising down the highway like I'm about to hit the news I don't need a muse or anything to do Baby, find your peace, don't let this chaos get to you Feels like we're getting
So lies have saved the world, now nobody trusts a new thing This world has got me feeling so blue So zip your lips and shake your tits, what's a girl like me to do?
It's cool, it's got the view Something about the present, breathe it in, you'll love it too Nothing to lose, all left to prove Don't sit on the roof, I'll play the song, alright
Since your lies have been blew up, now nobody's just a noob This room has got me feeling so blue So sip your lips and shake your tits, what's a girl like me to do?

[SPEAKER_09]
Tonight on VSRF Live, we welcome back Dr. Jessica Rose to discuss the peer review process, influence and corruption in scientific publishing.
Her fearless pursuit of truth has made her one of the most incisive voices in vaccine science today.

[SPEAKER_05]
It's not just that we're finding excessive amounts of DNA.
It's the types of DNA that are problematic and troublesome, I would say, to humans.
These SV40 enhancer promoters are
typically used in gene therapy as gene therapy tools.
They're called nuclear localization sequences, and they're used by people in biotech on the bench to traffic stuff to the nucleus of cells.
So this SV40 is particularly problematic.

[SPEAKER_09]
Good evening and welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm your host, Livio Sanchez, and tonight we're honored to welcome back Dr. Jessica Rose.
And we've got a lot to cover.
Many of you know Jessica for her fearless work analyzing the VAERS database and exposing the realities too often ignored in vaccine science.
She's become one of the most incisive and unflinching voices in the field, respected for her sharp eye, her courage,
and her relentless pursuit of truth.
We'll be diving into corruption in the integrity or failures of peer review and the influence of gatekeepers in scientific publishing, her latest collaborative research with Kevin McKernan and Dr. David's speaker, and of course her take on the White House HHS announcement
about the causes of autism earlier this week and what it means and doesn't mean for science, policy, and public trust.
This promises to be a spirited, incisive, and perhaps provocative discussion.
So lean in, ask your questions in the chat,
and hold nothing back.
I will get to as many questions at the later end of the show as I can, so put them in the chat all bold.
And now without further ado, let's get started and bring on VSRF founder Steve Kirsch.
Welcome to VSRF Live, Steve.
How are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_08]
I'm very good.
Olivier, how are you?

[SPEAKER_09]
I'm doing well.
We've got a little bit of rainy weather, which we've needed, so I'm appreciating a little bit of the moisture and doing good.
I have a question I wanted to ask you.
This week, you were accused of being a professional liar by Sasha Latopova,
And I wanted to get your take.
I mean, I know you're a misinformation super spreader, but what's going on here?
Why is she calling you a liar?

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, I'm in good company.
Robert Malone.
Yes, Dr. Malone.
I'm honored to be in the same sentence as Dr. Robert Malone.
He's one of my true heroes for his courage in speaking out.
I have no idea what she's talking about here.
Let's see, they manipulated the COVID safety data.
Well, yeah, like, Malone did a tweet.
about Pfizer saying no comment when they were asked at the ACIP meeting.
And he said, so they're not denying it.
And I said, stunning.
They all say that.
I'm just relating what I just observed.
That's it.
For that, I'm a liar.
Hey, it's in plain sight for everyone to see.

[SPEAKER_09]
Amazing.
Yeah, I mean, I've known you for quite a few years now.
And although you do spread what the other side claims to be misinformation, haven't seen the professional liar side of you.

[SPEAKER_08]
I'm looking for the check for the professional means you're paid for lying.
So I'm still looking for the check.
So if you find the check anywhere, if anyone knows who's sending me the money to be doing this, let me know.

[SPEAKER_09]
You must have sent them the wrong address because I'm sure you check.

[SPEAKER_08]
I have not seen anything hit my bank being somebody paying me to be a professional lawyer.

[SPEAKER_09]
All right.
Well, now that we got that out of the way, let's bring on our featured guest, Dr. Jessica Rose.
Dr. Rose, welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you doing?

[SPEAKER_05]
I'm good, but I don't like the rain.

[SPEAKER_09]
You're getting some of the same weather as I am.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, you could say that.
I appreciate it.
I just don't enjoy it.

[SPEAKER_09]
I'm going to read your bio for those that don't know about you tonight.
Dr. Jessica Rose is a Canadian researcher with a bachelor's in applied mathematics and a master's in immunology from Memorial University of Newfoundland.
She earned her PhD in computational biology from Bar-Elon University and completed two postdoctoral fellowships in molecular biology at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem and biochemistry at the Technion Institute of Technology.
She was also selected for a senior researcher program at the Wiseman Institute.
Dr. Rose is known for her rigorous analysis of the Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System, also known as VAERS, and her commitment to transparency in vaccine science.
Her science work includes co-authoring a new study with Kevin McKernan and Dr. David Jay's speaker, which quantifies residual plasmid DNA and SV40 promoter
enhancer sequences in Pfizer, BioNTech and Moderna mRNA COVID-19 vaccines.
This research has sparked significant discussion regarding vaccine safety and manufacturing processes.
And we are again, grateful to have Dr. Rose here tonight.
And as I mentioned at the top of the show, I will be back later to answer your questions.
If you can put them in the chat, all caps will answer as many as we can after the interview with Steve and Dr. Jessica Rose.
Take it away, Steve.

[SPEAKER_08]
Are you on mute?
Jessica, so can we reveal your location, or are you still in an undisclosed location like you were last time we talked?

[SPEAKER_05]
I'm always in an undisclosed location.

[SPEAKER_08]
OK, just so we get that out of the way.
Great.
Yeah, I don't like people knowing where I am.
So not even a part of the world you're not going to clue us in.
Although it looks dark outside where you are, out that window.
Right, so that would be a clue.

[SPEAKER_05]
It could be a fake background though.

[SPEAKER_08]
It could be, could be, but I don't think you're gonna go to that extreme.
Yeah, you might be right.
So, you know, it would be fun on X to say, where's Jessica?
And see if anyone, see how many people get the correct location.

[SPEAKER_05]
All right, let's play a game.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yes, so, all right, so, let's start with your paper.
You published this paper with Kevin McKernan and I think David Speaker about DNA contamination and somebody wrote in saying, he said the paper should be retracted or the paper should be, they should correct these words.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, here's the deal so we did publish a paper very recently, which is very, very important because it.
It's 1 of many that's absolutely definitively.
Proven that there's DNA in these coven, 19 Pfizer and Moderna vials, which.
You know, the, the manufacturers for 4 years have insisted there is no DNA and there won't be any problem with integration, etc.
They still, by the way, it's still on the CDC website that there's no problem pertaining to DNA issues with respect to the cobit shots.
So.
We.
We did a very thorough job quantifying this DNA.
We went above and beyond what previous publications and authors have done.
It took us six journals to get this thing published finally in a journal called- Six journals, huh?
Six journals.

[SPEAKER_08]
And in some cases- Wait a minute.
Did you get desk rejections on the other five or what were the rejections?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yes, and- Like out of scope?
Oh, I don't know, but we went through peer review in some cases, like, a few of them, I think, were just outright rejections, but we did go through a couple rounds of peer review.
So this paper has literally been through multiple rounds of peer review.
And it finally did get published in autoimmunity.
And by the way, thanks to Senator Johnson, the lovely Senator Johnson, it's on the congressional record now, this paper as evidence.
In light of the fact that some pseudonyms troll from pub peer launched some complaints about our misrepresentation of bears data and some other things that they, they really just don't know what they're talking about in terms of.

[SPEAKER_08]
Is this an unnamed troll or do you actually know who it is?
Do you know who it is?

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, uh, actually I do know the name.
It's, uh, oh gosh, it's Patrick something or something, Patrick.
I've written a sub stack about it.
If people are interested in the names.

[SPEAKER_08]
So he actually has, he has a name and the name was revealed to you.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_08]
Are you allowed to disclose the name?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, yeah, absolutely.
I can look it up.
I just don't remember.
Kevin is far more up to date on.
what we call pub smear people.

[SPEAKER_08]
So this guy's done, this guy like does this professionally.

[SPEAKER_05]
Exactly.
There are, yeah.

[SPEAKER_08]
But he only does that to people who go against the safe and effective narrative, right?
He's not like the nitpicker and he'll take down a paper that's pro-vaccine.
All of the papers that he takes down just happen to be anti-vaccine, right?

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, not even they don't go for papers that don't challenge either narratives or put pharmaceuticals in bad lights, which might actually be the real light.
In this case, it is.
It's just reality.
Like, we know that there is no.
There's no misinterpretation here and the VAERS part of this paper is so minimal.
It's just, it's a little teaser that we decided to throw in because it's important because once we have more vials tested, you know, because this is going to get the ball rolling, we're going to be able to establish what we hope will be a dose response curve in terms of comparing the levels of DNA per vial per lot
with the severe adverse event reports in VAERS, for example.
So it's just a teaser.
It's not really relevant to the results of the paper, which is why, you know, it's one of these signals of these pseudonym trolls that you really can't take them seriously because A, they don't know what they're talking about most of the time.
And B, they're not bringing up relevant points.

[SPEAKER_08]
Right, it's completely tangential.

[SPEAKER_05]
Completely.
And the thing is...
People, you guys need to know this.
Because these minor stupid complaints were made by pseudonymed people on Pubpere, the journal itself has put our paper under investigation.
So we got the email about a week after it was published and we're on notice now that the article is under investigation.
And basically what that means is it's a precursor in my opinion to the attempt to retract.
So we're really on this, like Kevin's much more well versed in preparing for what to present in terms of preventing a retraction.
So I'm also prepared, but like, you know, it's so insane that we have to go through this.
If people understood
That it took it really did take about 2 years to get this published 6 journals.
Like endless hours of work by reviewers, by the authors, us, by the editor, by, you know, it just, this whole retraction nonsense, which is like, you know, exponentially since COVID started, is such an insult to everybody involved in getting journals to print.
And the thing is, it doesn't even matter if your paper, your published paper isn't perfect.
That's not the point.
The point is to get the study to the public so that colleagues and people who have expertise in the field can read it and either expand on the methodology used, recreate the results, et cetera.
It's like this is what science always
was supposed to be about, it's not about nitpicking people about, oh, your citation doesn't line up properly to what you actually cited.
That's not relevant.
That doesn't have anything to do with the actual hundreds of hours of work that went into establishing protocols and doing the actual assays.
Not to mention writing up the paper.
It's insulting.
So anyway, I have a very good feeling because we're really well prepared.
I made an announcement at a Brownstone event that, you know, everybody needs to read this paper now because they're going to try and retract it.
And it's really funny because I think it was the next day we got the email.
about the investigation.
So it's exactly what's happening.
It's like there's a playbook, you know what I mean?
Like, okay, next page.
All right, we have to do this to these people now because they said something that's threatening the pharmaceutical companies.
Yeah, it's not funny, but you have to laugh.

[SPEAKER_08]
So do you think these guys get paid for successful retraction?
So that they're super motivated?
Yeah, did you see my stuff stock?
How much do you think they make?
No, how much do you think, how much do they make?

[SPEAKER_05]
This one guy, I'm going to go look it up now because I don't want to misquote myself, but it was something like five grand he was offering to get a work retracted.
Just a second, let me find it.
So there's this email.

[SPEAKER_08]
Oh, you mean there's a guy offering money to anybody who can get the first guy to get the paper retracted?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, listen to this.
It's from someone named Alexander Magazinov, which is probably a pseudonym.
My team manages several PugPeer Blue accounts.
We generally charge $500.
We charge $5,000 for attracting an article.
Please send me the DOI of the papers and PayPal me.

[SPEAKER_08]
Wait a second.
So he gets paid $5,000.
If it gets retracted.
Otherwise, what happens?
He makes nothing?

[SPEAKER_05]
I don't know.
no idea but this is proof that there's incentivization by money to to for no reason other than to be nasty if this isn't about science this isn't about fraud this isn't about um uh plagiarism which are all these are these are the reasons people need to understand this okay retraction is a really bad and serious thing to have on your record okay it's like running a red light
Yeah, well, if you have a retraction on your record as an academic, it means that you committed scientific fraud, you plagiarized, or you made up data or some shit like that, which is really, really, really bad, which I would never do.
And neither would any of these other people.

[SPEAKER_08]
It's like a felony.

[SPEAKER_05]
Exactly.
It's an academic felony.
We would never even dream of doing this because we're honest scientists and our reputations mean a lot to us.
However, these morons, these trolls, they don't get that.
They don't know that we've spent decades of our lives in books.

[SPEAKER_08]
Oh, really?
Well, they don't care.

[SPEAKER_05]
They don't care because they want their $5,000 in their PayPal account for doing their job.

[SPEAKER_08]
Right, because they got to eat too.
Crazy.
That's their role.

[SPEAKER_05]
If people knew, they wouldn't believe it.

[SPEAKER_08]
It's such a cheap, you know, it'll be really interesting is to find out who's paying these people.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yep.
I'm sure Kevin knows.
Like I said, he's much more up on this.

[SPEAKER_08]
You should, yeah.

[SPEAKER_05]
The background politics of all of this stuff, but like, yeah, of course they're paid by people.
And I'm sure it goes back to the pharma companies because they're the ones incentivized to have their products not look bad.
And the fact that our paper actually proves fraud, because, you know, there was, they hid the truth.
The truth is there's DNA in here and they lied about it.

[SPEAKER_08]
Right.
So fraud on the part of the drug company, on the part of the FDA, on the part of, you know, who's on the list.

[SPEAKER_05]
All of them, because it involves deception.
If it involves deception, like intentional deception, which means, for example, I'll give you a very specific example.
When we first found this SV40 in vials and we presented it to Health Canada, because these are Canadian vials, we have all the emails from various and sundry people like Noesha RTA and Scoops Magoo.
We have all of these FOIA emails.
They acknowledged.
Yes, you're right.
We looked at it.
We blasted it.
We found exactly what you're saying is in these sequences.
But it's not a problem because the SV40 promoter enhancer is not functional.
That is a false statement.
It's false.
There's no way you can say that because A, you have no experimental data to prove that.
And B, it is a functional promoter.
It's a mammalian promoter nonetheless.
So those people who continue to say that this SV40, the particular DNA fragment SV40 isn't a problem because it's not functional, that's a lie.
That's deception.
So they've admitted that they know that these things are in the Pfizer products and they're looking away.
To me, that's fraud.
Maybe I'm wrong.
Maybe there's some semantics that some lawyer can get around, but to me, that's fraud.
That's deception.
You're lying to the public about the potential dangers, about the potential for oncogenesis, the potentials for insertional mutagenesis, for genomic instability, for, you know, starting the seagasting pathway by just introducing these DNA fragments to the cytosol of a cell.
They're lying about the potential dangers.
So yeah.

[SPEAKER_08]
OK, so I was asked to ask you to, since most people haven't read your paper like the rest of us.
Yeah, I know.
I know.
to give us the synopsis of what the paper says more than the headline is that there is a shit ton of stuff that shouldn't be in the vaccines that's in the vaccines at an unsafe level that can cause harm to people and potentially kill them or cause them to cause cancer or serious disease.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, okay.
So these are Canadian vials.
They were the vials of Pfizer and Moderna COVID shots that were distributed in Canada, but not exclusively to Canada.
Most of the work was done by David Speaker in Canada.
32 vials we tested representing 16 unique lots.

[SPEAKER_08]
How did you even get the vials by the way?
Because like you can't get them in the US because it's US government property and there's like no way to pry that out of anyone's hands.

[SPEAKER_05]
From pharmacies.

[SPEAKER_08]
And the pharmacies are allowed to do that in Canada?

[SPEAKER_05]
I don't know.
I don't know the details behind it, but nothing was done legally.
Many times they might be expired or there might be a little bit left in a file.
I don't know.
I don't really want to go there because I don't want to get anyone in trouble just in case because you know what it's like, right?

[SPEAKER_08]
I do know what it's like, yes.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, so I don't want to really, I don't know.
And so there's no need for me to speculate, but nothing was done wrongly.
Let's put it that way.
So, yeah, we tested these vials.
Mostly, well, for the most part, they were Moderna.
We also have a lot of Pfizer in there.
we treated them in a certain way to make sure like any background was removed and that we actually accessed the potential DNA that was there for reels.
And what I mean by that is because these are wrapped in these fat bubbles, these lipid nanoparticles, we boiled them to make sure that the fat bubbles were completely
broken apart so that we had access to whatever genetic material was inside, RNA and DNA included.
We also treated that stuff inside that was once released to RNAs, which is an RNA enzyme, which gets rid of RNA.
So we really have good measurements of only DNA.
This is one of the special things that we did.
We use two different methods to measure QPCR and fluorometry.
And so, yeah, we did a bunch of stuff that some other labs didn't do.
So we have a much more complete assessment of these values.
And just so that people know the measurements.
So,
The total DNA ranged from 371 to 1548 nanograms per dose in the Pfizer products and 1130 to 6289 grams per dose for Moderna respectively.
That's really, really, really far above what the EMA limits per dose nanograms per dose that they quote unquote allow for.
So the EMA limit is 10 nanograms per dose.

[SPEAKER_08]
And is that a reasonable limit or is that like super low or what's your assessment about?

[SPEAKER_05]
It's not a reasonable limit and that's an excellent question.
That's the second part of this.
That 10 nanograms per dose is based on naked DNA.
It's not lipid nanoparticle encapsulated DNA, which is, as you know, a very efficient delivery method to cells by transfection.
So those limits are irrelevant and they're already way above those.
They need to be completely reassessed.
And if you ask me, I would say that no amount
of foreign DNA is safe as being delivered by lipid nanoparticles in this way.
No amount.
Especially when you're considering that we're talking about, this is the other important finding, SV40 promoter enhancers being involved.
Because these are gene therapy tools that act to translocate stuff to the nucleus of cells.
basically what it means is that you have a higher risk of integration of any DNA fragments that might have been introduced to the cell.
And we're talking about, based on our results and others, billions of fragments, like tiny fragments of DNA, potentially being delivered to cells.
But like I said before, or alluded to at least,
You don't even need integration to start cancer pathways.
All you have to do is have this lipid nanoparticle, you know, get, you know, fused with the membrane, endosome wraps up the genetic material, goes through maturation, pH lowers, things open up, genetic material dumped into the cytosol of the cell and boom.
you have inflammation pathways going haywire because of all this foreign content, genetic content, and this is peer-reviewed and published.
You can get the activation of this thing called the C-gasting pathway, which is a cancer pathway.
So you can get the induction of specific cancer pathways just by introducing foreign DNA into the cytosol of a cell alone.
So there's
Like a boatload of things that can go wrong and inevitably will be and are going wrong.
And as you know, more than anyone better than anyone as the world's world's biggest liar and misinformation.
That was a joke.
I am too, cancers off the charts in the young people, in children, aggressive cancers.
Like how many times have I heard somebody say something about a stage four cancer and somebody who's like been perfectly healthy up until that point in their life.
Yesterday, I heard a story about a nine-year-old girl who has leukemia.
It's like every day I hear this and I'm like, I don't remember being like this before.
Like, I know that cancer was a problem, but it didn't, it seems to me that it wasn't like so much of a prevalent problem as it is since 2021, right?
And so you got to ask yourself, this is the big question, right?
Like, is there a connection between what we found and these cancers or even some of these cancers?
And in order to get any decent answers to these questions, which are so important to every single person on the planet, we need to be able to ask the goddamn questions.
Sorry for the language, but like, we need the suppression to end.
We need, we need like,
even before accountability, we need to be allowed to address these problems to help people because we could actually be facing a cancer existential crisis.
And I'm serious.

[SPEAKER_08]
Do you think we are?

[SPEAKER_05]
I think we are.
Like, I really do.
And I don't think it's only because of the shots.
I just think the shots are pushing people over the edge.
I think because of the spike protein, because of the
Because of all of it, it's just like, it's like a bomb going off inside your body immunologically.
Whatever, whatever you might have been.
Suppressing struggling with autoimmune condition, you know, perhaps a cancer remission.
Or being very old and close to death, it just seems to push you into.
You know, those things, it's like an aging something, something.
So yeah, it's like, and it's not just the shots, by the way.
I think SARS does this to people as well.
It's not as bad.

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, can you quantify what you think the effect is?
Is it 5%, 10%, 20%, 25%?
Of what, the people who got injected?

[SPEAKER_05]
No, of impact.

[SPEAKER_08]
mortality impact is going to be like mortality is going to increase by 5% 10% 15%.

[SPEAKER_05]
Oh, I don't know.
I wouldn't even guess.
I wouldn't even guess.
And and the reason like, I think Kevin's pretty sure that, um,
You know, he mentioned during these, these mass state hearings that, you know, the, these pharmaceutical companies have actually, like.
As they're starting to produce.
Ironically, you know, modified and cancer.
products and they're promoting the use of anti-cancer strategies at this very, very interesting time when cancers seem to be exploding.
It's almost like, you know, let's create the problem and then treat it with our...
It's so ridiculous.

[SPEAKER_08]
It's kind of like that way, isn't it?
Yeah.
Let's create the problem and now we can solve it and we'll create another problem with that one and we'll be able to solve that one too.

[SPEAKER_05]
And it's not out of the realm.

[SPEAKER_08]
There's no end in sight.

[SPEAKER_05]
Of course, because I mean, you know, it doesn't matter what you want to think.
Pharma companies want to make money.
That's all there is to it.
They're not interested in health.
They're not interested in healing.
They want to make drugs and biologicals such that they can make more money.
And they want to keep it.

[SPEAKER_08]
I thought they were interested in our health.
No, I don't think so.

[SPEAKER_05]
Although I'm also a liar.
So, you know.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, but you're not a professional liar.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, well, not yet.
I'm working on it.

[SPEAKER_08]
Right.
So, you know, we professionalize.
We can we can tell who's, you know, trying to rain on our parade here.
So, you know, don't.
Yeah.
So the you know, these health authorities, they seem to be doubling down, you know, and like in Japan, they're approving these
self-amplifying mRNA shots.
Like, what's the matter with these people?
I mean, how stupid?
It's like over half the people in America, it's like 55% or so, say that the COVID vaccines kill people.
And yet we have these health authorities that are saying, hey, let's turn up the volume on this mRNA stuff.
I mean, that is insane.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, the self-amplifying stuff is way more insane than the original chicken recipe nucleoside modified stuff.
Like it's way worse.
But the good news about Japan is that
you know, the uptake on those self-amplifying things was so low.
It was a total flop, which speaks volumes as to like the wisdom that people are starting to show on the subject matter.
But the problem is it might be too late.
Kevin knows, I know I keep talking about, I keep deferring to Kevin because he really knows so much about like many things that I don't
He knows a lot about what's going on in Japan right now.
And when he spoke on this at the mass state hearing, it sounded very grave what they're going through in terms of fertility issues and not recovering from plummeting population level.
You know, due to more to increase mortality and also due to decreased birth rates.

[SPEAKER_08]
Right.
Right.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, it's a combination.
And I mean, I don't know if it's true or well, I'm sure it's true.
I'm not sure if it's right or how it will end, but it doesn't sound good to me.
So, yeah, I'm so sick of.
I'm so sick of everything being misvalued, like
Um, keep keeping insidious harming companies in, in more than business.
I mean, they're there.
If people understood these, these people are making, and it's not companies, it's people they're making billions off of harming people and they don't give a shit about you.
If you get harmed by one of these things, you're on your own, man.
liability free, there's no one in sight on that, you're on your own.
And maybe we should segue into these mass state hearings that I attended and spoke at recently, because when you actually hear somebody
Everybody here is probably familiar with, but when you hear somebody talk about their personal story of injury, or getting fired because of this stuff, it's so devastating and real.
Even if it hasn't happened to you directly or to a loved one that you know really personally, to hear it from even a stranger standing in front of you, it's unbelievable.
How is this where we are in 2025?
I don't know, man.
I'm still shocked.
Really?
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_08]
So why don't you talk about that in terms of the, like you heard from the vaccine injured when you went to testify and you, and you also heard some other stories of people who lost their jobs because they wouldn't comply with the vaccine mandates, which were even more compelling.
So do you want to talk about that?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yep, and before I do, everybody can watch this.
It's two hours, but it'll fly by because it's testimonies, me and John Baldwin and Kevin gave five-minute talks, we had a five-minute Q&A.
It's on YouTube, I hope, still.
You never know these days.
And it was just these, like,
it's hard to describe what it feels like it's just a group of normal it's like a christmas dinner there's like twenty five people in this beautiful hall and there's some food laid out and they've come to
talk and they're talking about you know having been paralyzed for three years and just now getting over the neurological damage enough to be able to walk there were stories about so many people who were so damaged by the shots that they couldn't attend the hearing to give their testimony because they can't walk they're in the hospital
And some of the people who, and I really, I really hope everybody goes to and watches the video because these stories are, they're really, you need to hear them.
Some of them were not about injury.
They were about.
unjust and illegal firings completely illegal people who've been working at like the DMV or something for I don't know decades they they worked up through the ranks they got the highest paid position and all of a sudden mandates of these shots came along and they didn't want to take them because who cares why it's their decision but
Apparently it wasn't if they wanted to keep their job They had to get the shots and so they were fired and then if you if you try and do anything about it from a legal standpoint They come back and they say oh, no.
No, we we we just did a an employee reassessment and it turns out that blah blah blah and they'll make up some crap and somehow they'll justify it with bureaucratic nonsense and There's nothing you can do.
There's no
Yeah, it was shocking to hear because these people, I know this might sound weird, but they came in these beautiful suits, gorgeous hairdos and really professional.
I'm not saying that you have to look professional to be professional, but I thought they were like bureaucrats or politicians or something, but they were just these amazing, normal people.
who were just like you and me, who had their lives completely destroyed because of one decision they made to protect their bodily autonomy and to maintain it.
It's it's insane like I still can't believe that like it's it's five four or five years later And I'm standing in this building this gorgeous building with these other people with the press watching people telling these stories like
that happened three or four years ago, and it's like, it's still completely relevant today.
And most people don't even know.
That's the other thing.
It's shocking.
Steve, do you realize how many people think that COVID is like bygone and that there's not even a point in talking about this anymore?
Do you hear that?

[SPEAKER_08]
Oh, I think a lot of people, for a lot of people, it's
Okay, let's move on.
Exactly.

[SPEAKER_05]
Why are you talking about that still?
And it's like, what do you mean, why am I talking about it, besides the fact that they're going to try it again really soon?

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.
And I think people will fall for it again, over and over.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, you just swap out the name of the pathogen and boom, everyone's going to get scared again.
Like, it's like a trigger.
I think I think it is real brainwashing, by the way, like actual brainwashing, like using using whatever mind control techniques that they've established using, you know, military experiments.
That's not my territory.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So press conference, Trump and Autism, and how we can't say acetaminophen.
That seems to be a hard word to say.
What did you think?
Did you see the whole press conference?

[SPEAKER_05]
No, I did not.
I've been a little busy.
I apologize.

[SPEAKER_08]
OK. And do you have any comments on it?

[SPEAKER_05]
Nope, I'm just waiting with bated breath.
I kind of had a feeling that it was gonna happen that way.
But I'm still, like I said, waiting with bated breath.
I'm anticipating
bold moves coming up.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, this was not this was not the end for sure.

[SPEAKER_05]
No, no, no, no, I think this was probably even provocative.
I don't know.

[SPEAKER_08]
Right, right.
Yep.
Yep.
Okay.
So I've been trying to.
So how much do you respect epidemiologists?

[SPEAKER_05]
It's like my, my respect for people thing.
I think it's individually based because, you know, there are some people who are epidemiologists who are, you know, are good.
But like, yeah, epidemiology as a field is kind of like, I suppose.
It could be considered sketch because it really depends on the models that you're using.
And if you're one of these people who doesn't really understand modeling and the deficits that can come with modeling, then it can become problematic, especially if you're one of these people who are abusing models without actually knowing how they work or what the parameter values should be.
or that you're using too many variables, for example, it can definitely be a tool of abuse.

[SPEAKER_08]
So there are lots of studies showing you that COVID vaccines saved lots of lives.
Even John Ioannidis published a summary study, which I think is garbage in, garbage out, claiming that millions of lives were saved by the COVID vaccines.
And I look at this stuff and I look at the tools that they have and the tools they have are completely inadequate for looking at vaccines and the effect on vaccinated versus unvaccinated.
You know, they're fine if you have two groups of people who are maybe, you know, getting some intervention, like taking a pill or something that is not
going to create selection bias, but vaccines create incredible selection bias between the vaccinated and the unvaccinated such that there can be a five times or more mortality difference between the vaccinated and the unvaccinated after people make the decision.
So suddenly you have a five, you know, five X vaccine benefit even before you give people the shot.
And then you have another effect, which I'll call non-proportional hazards, which is different than how epidemiologists use the term.
But when I use the term, it means that let's say there's a 100x difference in mortality between a young person and an old person just in terms of normal mortality.
You'll have a 1,000 times difference between those groups
for covid and so covid unlike most conditions most conditions are proportional your chance of death is proportional to the conditions and we can actually prove that and we can see that in the data covid was the exception to that where you're you're old and because it's because of the frailty and not your age
that causes you to be more susceptible to COVID.
So it's not just the number of comorbidities, you know, that may be part of it, but it's probably a small factor.
And that's the thing that most people don't appreciate is that there are these sort of unmeasurable confounders that cause people to die more from COVID.
So it's not just that you have diabetes or you're overweight or you smoke or whatever.
There are some
some things that are different about the people who decide not to vaccinate that cause them to be more likely to die from COVID.
And you can't quantify this.
You can't use Koch proportional hazards and get rid of it.
Most of it is still there even after you've done the most anal one-to-one matching on the planet.
And there's this Qatar paper
was just published in eLife.
They couldn't get it in a normal journal.
They used this sort of not top-tier journal, but these are top-tier scientists.
And they went through the most extreme matching ever.
I mean, these guys were anal about the matching.
A lot of people will match on the number of comorbidities and be happy of
You know, the diabetes levels are about the same.
These guys matched it.
OK, so if you had diabetes and heart disease, they would match you with another person with diabetes and heart disease.
Like nobody does that.
So they were super anal about the matching.
And there was still this healthy vaccine effect that was like 65 percent, meaning they missed they missed the bulk of it.
even with the anal matching.
And so that surprised people because they thought that they could get rid of it with this anal matching and they couldn't, which means that these epidemiology tools are very inaccurate for the task.
Yeah, and and so you have these people who are using these tools that simply do not work for vaccines making These claims about vaccines like all the covid vaccines to save millions of lives that are that are just complete bullshit including john inedis So yeah, what do you what do you think of that?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, I heard he published something more recent.
Uh, that was kind of Counter to what he was saying before.
Um, no really eluding to what he backtracked.
Yeah
That's what I heard.
I haven't read the paper, and I don't know, but this is what I heard.
I'm reminded of when, you know, RFK was questioned about how many, you don't know how many people died of COVID.
You know, you saw that recently, right?
Yeah, he can give an honest answer.

[SPEAKER_08]
Nobody freaking knows.

[SPEAKER_05]
There is no way to know.

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, there is a way to know, but they keep the data hidden.
They keep the data hidden and there is a way to know, but most people don't know how to analyze the data correctly.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, I don't think anybody really knows because the definitions were just like, they were no, no, no, no, no, no, I know.

[SPEAKER_08]
I know I've got the I've got the check date.
It doesn't you look at all cost mortality.
You don't look at COVID desk.
You look at all cost mortality.

[SPEAKER_05]
You see what that's just it, right?

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.
So it turns out what the data shows is very clear.
See, the traditional thing is they use age-standardized mortality rates, which means you've got two people the same age and you compare how they did.
That's bullshit.
It doesn't work when you're comparing vaccinated with unvaccinated because you're not comparing apples and apples.
The 280-year-olds are completely different.
So before you could use an ASMR, fine.
Now they're completely different.
And so ASMR is just not the right metric anymore.
And people don't realize that.
So yeah, so the point is that what happened is because these people had essentially, we'll call them higher frailty for whatever, that's what caused them to have higher COVID.
And so it looks like the vaccine worked, but it was all selection bias.
And so you have an intervention which was given to all these people, which killed a lot of people.
I mean, the mortality rates went up by a huge amount in the first six months and then sort of plateaued and then sort of dropped down after that.
And we can see that in multiple countries, we see the exact same effect in multiple countries.
That's what happened with COVID vaccines.
These things were all harm and no benefit.
I'm just waiting for the day when when people wake up because if they look at if they will look at the data, it's like trying to drag, you know, you can bring a horse to water, but you can't make him drink.
Um, I like, uh, I'm still waiting for the day when, when I get, uh, uh, an opportunity to talk to Jay Bhattacharya.
I've been trying, been on his calendar for, uh, uh, for, for weeks now, uh, trying to get his attention.
So hopefully he's pretty busy.
He is pretty busy.
So hopefully anytime soon.
Okay.
So let's, let's have Libio come on and, um, uh,

[SPEAKER_09]
I wanted to follow up on the mass health rights thing you brought up, Jessica, and just to update that there's still an ongoing lawsuit with a couple of plaintiffs against Mass Brigham General.
And something I learned is that a lot of people in the lawsuit
settled early on for a very small amount.
And those settlements don't get reported.
They have to sign NDAs.
So the general public doesn't know about this issue.

[SPEAKER_05]
They're not allowed to know, which is also sick.

[SPEAKER_09]
And the people in the lawsuit, they just keep getting delayed.
the hospital just keeps the lawyers just keep pushing it back and pushing it back, hoping to bleed them to death financially from continuing on with the lawsuit.
And that creates these move oners who haven't experienced, they have an alternate reality that they experienced because they got the jabs, they got their cards, they kept their jobs, they just played along and they had just a whole different experience.
uh, unless they were injured themselves or died then, and even many of those don't attribute their injuries to the vaccines.

[SPEAKER_05]
That's right.
Especially if it's cancer and it occurs like years out, like not even I would attribute, you know, a vaccine to cancer that I, I picked or, you know, that established itself three years, like who would, right?
Like it's, it's a, it's a long shot at best, but

[SPEAKER_08]
You know, through the, through the big data.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, we, we know, we know that there's a connection.
Now there's a direct connection because we know that there's SV 40 in these fricking vials.
So, um, there's an explanation.
There's not just an association.
Um, yeah.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, absolutely.
So I'm gonna start with, and I'm gonna share this question on the screen.
Give me one second to call it up.
It is from Welcome the Eagle, who has actually sent an email address to you and Kevin and Dr. Speaker, and I'm gonna share it on the screen and read it.
It is from Welcome the Eagle,
I appreciate all your work in this study.
I'm inquiring about the discrepancy in lot number FM7380 during the look back window and your parameters.
Lot FX4343 also has VAERS overstated statistics, but I don't want to split hairs about this lot.
I was also wondering the reason why this study did not include VAERS data published of at least 2024 and even the first few months of 2025.
I'm hoping there are logical explanations to my sincere questions because this is an otherwise great paper as much as a medical biller, HMO auditor, RCM expert can understand it.
God bless.
I'll share it again just if you wanted to respond to that.

[SPEAKER_05]
Uh, yeah, well, you know, the lot we, we counted, uh, the, the, um, that particular lot that he's talking about, there, there, there are 2 ways to draw out the, uh, the numbers.
You can use the VAC slot number.
You can use the PAA.
It's often times, uh, um,
It's oftentimes that the reporter, which is like a pharmacist or doctor is going to write down the PAA number on the vaccine vial and not the Vax lot.
So yeah, that's why the numbers are so-called discrepancies.
And what was the other complaint?

[SPEAKER_09]
Let me come back to the screen.
Stand by.
And the other, I was also wondering the reason why this study did not include VAERS data published of at least 2024 and even the first few months.

[SPEAKER_05]
Because we had it in pre-print for years.
Pretty, pretty easy answer.

[SPEAKER_09]
That's what I figured.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yep.

[SPEAKER_09]
Okay.
Thank you for clarifying that.
I hope that answers the question for you.

[SPEAKER_04]
Oh, it does.

[SPEAKER_09]
Certainly.
Question from Dr. Laura.
Jessica, could you sue the journal if they retracted it for some illegitimate reason?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, we wouldn't want to do that because this isn't about the journal.
They're great.
They're as victimized as we are honestly like they they probably have protocols that they have to file or follow Which is which is why they had to send us this email notification from these stupid troll whiners from pub smear Like they're victims as well these guys
took it upon themselves to publish our work because they thought it was meritorious and important to share.
The reviewers took it upon themselves to, you know, rake us over the coals.
They really did, by the way.
We had some pretty interesting reviewers, which we can't talk about, but
You know, everyone's kind of victimized here by this system.
It's a broken system.
So speaking for myself, and I think I can speak for Kevin and David as well.
No, we would never do that.
It's not really
Okay, they they do have to stand on integrity and merit and they can literally I think i'm not sure but I think they can tell these guys to go, you know piss up a rope Uh in the end because it's their journal and it's their decision to maintain, you know, the status of the paper as published um, which is I think what they're going to do, uh in the end because I think they I I think that they're quote unquote with us if you know what I mean, they're they're not uh
They're not insincere.
They're not, you know, I don't think they're bought and paid for.
I think that their choice to publish our work was based on
Like a sincere decision to get the work out there so that people could read it.
So yeah, no, not nothing like that.
I mean, the people who these pub smear idiots who are getting paid to do this by who knows whom we need to find out who's paying them.
And then they would actually probably be able to be put up on criminal charges.
So that's outside of my realm.
But lawyers would absolutely know the answer to that.
And
And I don't think there's any doubt that criminal charges could be pressed if people are profiting off of, you know, getting scientific work discredited and retracted for no reason, for no actual retractable reason, which again is usually based on something like making up data, like fraudulent data or plagiarism or something really bad like that.

[SPEAKER_09]
question from dino man rumble should you know function research be banned yes you know why yeah i know rumble um yes it should be because

[SPEAKER_05]
it's basically taking things from nature and making them more dangerous.
And the reason why they claim to want to do this is because, well, we have to make an antidote before the other guys do, otherwise we're in danger.
Wow.

[SPEAKER_09]
Is there anything to learn from gain of function research that wouldn't be so nefarious?
I'm just curious if there's anything positive that comes out of it.

[SPEAKER_05]
Um, well, from a scientific standpoint, of course, but, um, we have to consider the fact that we're not, you know, we're not just leaving these things on a bench and that things can leak and that things have leaked.
Plasmids can leak.
Um, this is serious stuff.
You can't just go into a cave and, and, you know, bueno, shift out some viruses from a bat and then, you know, make them chimeric and then, whoops, they got into the human.
You know what I mean?
Like,
there's a responsibility that we as scientists have to assume when we're tinkering with nature in the first place.
If we're tinkering with genes, which is what we're talking about here, we have to be like, I don't think we should be.
I have a very, very firm opinion on what we should and shouldn't be doing in terms of genetics.
I don't think we should be doing anything personally, but
It's not that I don't think we can't learn, but we humans are we are so full of hubris.
And there are evil people among us, as we all know, and by evil, I mean, people who.
Who are literally putting profits over people.
They don't give a shit if people get hurt or maimed.
And so it doesn't matter what we're learning because the.
The devastation that can occur at the hands of a bad mistake in terms of gain of function research or genetic research, self-amplifying mRNA research, wink, wink.
It's too much to risk, man.
Yeah, you know, think about it this way.
With all these amazing tools, technologies, advances that we've made, imagine what we could be doing instead of all this bullshit bioengineering.
Imagine what we could be building.
Imagine what we could be doing for the actual health of the human being.
I mean, personally, I'm not against gene editing.
If somebody has a bad gene that's, you know, making them debilitated or something,
Technically, you could use the CRISPR-Cas9 system to gene edit somebody and to restore the functionality of that gene, and you could literally heal them.
I'm not against that.
I think it's a brilliant idea.
The problem is you have these mad scientists coming in, like we all know about, the gain-of-function idiots, who are bastardizing the whole idea, and they're using it in nefarious ways instead of
like ways that will actually benefit the human species.
So I know that was a lot more than saying, yes, we should ban it, but I feel pretty strongly about this stuff.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, no, I appreciate you clarifying and showing the, some of the possible benefits, but I agree with you that what they've shown that they do with it is no good.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, it's all for bio weapons design.
I mean, God damn, I mean,
When are we gonna learn?
And I don't even know if it's a matter of we learning.
It's just, it seems like the hubris of man just keeps cycling through when we, you know, as the traps and valleys of the human species seems to vacillate, it's like, man, are we ever learning during these cycles?
Are we?
Like, I don't know, it doesn't seem like we are.
And if we are, it doesn't seem to be happening fast enough.
Like, I don't know.
Maybe I'm a little cynical.

[SPEAKER_09]
I agree.
We got a RumbleRant question from Messianic2002.
Thank you for the RumbleRant donation.
And I think this is probably for either one of you.
Do either of you know if Israel is continuing to collect data on their citizens?

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, yeah, in terms of the, the way that the health system is set up, it's it's kind of inherent in the system.
It's like, like, ever everybody's either affiliated they're affiliated with 1 healthcare.
What do you call that a type maybe?
So there's like.
You know, there's different health care systems, I'll call them.
So you're with one or the other or the other.
So, depending on who you're with.
You know, whenever you go to the doctor for whatever reason, you know, that all that data is stored on your file, which is digitized.
So, and everybody has like a card.
So, so, yeah, it's, it's, it's a very, very comprehensive database and it's.
But in terms, if you want to look at it from a creepy point of view,
If you wanted to actually do a study, like a genetic study, for example, on the population of the people in Israel, you'd have a beautiful data set, very clean.
So that's the scientist in me speaking.
I'm completely against gathering enormous amounts of personal data from people.
Yeah, because you know what happens, right?
It's always used against you.
It's like, oh,
We're going to social credit score you now.
Sorry.

[SPEAKER_09]
That's coming our way at some point if we don't stop it sooner than later.
Question from Dino Rumbleman again.
What is the Omicron variant a better vaccine than mRNA?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, maybe.
You guys know that that evolved in mouse?

[SPEAKER_08]
Uh, it's probably the answer is probably not getting COVID.
It makes you more likely to die.

[SPEAKER_05]
So people assume that being exposed to SARS though, not necessarily getting COVID.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yes.
Yeah.
But the point is that people who get exposed to it and then end up with the disease
they their mortality increases.
So it's not it's not like other diseases where if you like measles, you get it once and then bam, you're immune and you're the SARS-CoV-2 is different.
You're absolutely right.
It's like people believe that if they get a virus that they have less chance of getting the virus again, right?
And that's true for maybe most viruses.
I don't know what the numbers are, but it's not true for SARS-CoV-2.
And that's the important thing to remember.
So the assumption, vaccines work on the assumption that, oh, the vaccine is just simulating you're getting the virus.
And then the assumption is made that, oh, well, if I've got it one time, then that reduces my chance of dying if I get it again.
And that is simply not true.

[SPEAKER_05]
I think that you're absolutely right, because of what the spike protein is.
I maintain the fact that they took the backbone of a bat virus and they made, this is all documented, by the way, it's not just me talking, they made this spike protein, it's very insidious, it has this furion cleavage site, it has a super antigen site, it's amyloidigenic, it's really,
Really nasty, and it's engineered to be that way.
I think it's like, like I said, you throw this thing in the immune system of a human being.
It's like a bomb goes off.
You're absolutely right.
It's different.
HIV is also different.
Wink, wink.
um latent viruses like herpes viruses are also pretty insidious because those things aren't something that you you just kind of develop immunity to either because a lot of them are latent they hide and they like everybody who has herpes knows like that you you know if you get stressed out or something you'll get a cold sore that's reemergence of the virus it's coming out of your you know the places where it's hiding
So it's interesting, like the whole subject matter of viruses, of late, I will say, it fascinates me because I'm starting to wonder like, you know, maybe I'm getting a little bit paranoid in my investigations in old age, but it seems to me like a lot of these things, like maybe a lot of them are engineered, you know, the ones that I wouldn't have assumed were.
You know, have you read the book The River?

[SPEAKER_08]
I read that.

[SPEAKER_05]
No.
It's a version of the history of the emergence of HIV.
You should really read it.
It's really fascinating.
Not an accident.
But the question remains like, yeah, anyway, I don't know.
Yeah, I don't know.
You're right.
Let's leave it at that.
SARS is different.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.
Question from Janie Yaya.
Love that name.
Can you explain more about the mechanism from your paper in simple terms about how integration might occur?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, sure.
First of all, I wanna preface that with saying integration isn't necessary to cause cancer to emerge.
Like all you need is the DNA to be introduced to the cytosol cells.
A lot of people, as Kevin has been saying, there I go, deferring to Kevin again, are saying from biotech companies and pharmaceutical companies that they're gonna start making us prove integration, which is gonna be hard to do.
And it might not actually be occurring at huge rates.
But integration would easily occur if you have this mammalian promoter, this nuclear localization sequence, SV40, trafficking DNAs to the nucleus of cells.
Every time a cell divides, the nuclear membrane breaks apart.
That's the thing that keeps the genetic material protected inside.
So anything foreign, DNA-wise, that is around, lurking around, could potentially become integrated into the genome.
So if you're talking about... Well, anyway, that's the short explanation.
It could theoretically easily happen.
It could also theoretically happen in germline cells.
We know that this stuff goes everywhere in the body.
It goes to the testes and the ovaries.
It goes to the bone marrow, I believe.
I mean, it goes everywhere.
And if stem cells or germline cells get introduced with these lipid nanoparticles and this genetic material is dumped,
You know, we could be looking at generational problems.
We don't have evidence of this yet.
But this is another reason why we need to be allowed to bring these problems to the masses and address them as a human species, because we actually could be looking at.
An existential crisis.
I mean, I know all the people that won't.
there are a lot of people who believe that quote unquote, they're trying to kill us.
And sometimes I wonder like, you know, if, if, if I was one of these evil people that was trying to kill all the people, how would I, how would I do it?
And, and, and when I, when I read my own work, it's like, well, that might be a decent way to try.

[SPEAKER_08]
No, but if you're really trying to do it now, but if you look, if you're really trying to kill people, this, they, you would do it much more efficiently than this.

[SPEAKER_05]
I agree with you however it's it's kind of nifty how you know there if they hide this long enough you know this Steve like it's been years yes time will pass and the association.
Even from people like me Between getting getting a terminal cancer and getting a shot three years earlier It's it's just going to allude you and it's going to be impossible to prove almost Unless you have the record level data in which case you can prove it from the numbers Which is why they keep the which is why they keep the data hidden Exactly.
You have to buy that shit and you can also sequence tumors which kevin's starting to do but you you know, we face all of these problems with you know, uh
getting threatened and stuff if we do certain things with their precious vials and tumors.
So it's like we need to get carte blanche to explore the damages that have like they have occurred at the hands of these shots.
It's not debatable.
You know, everybody knows.

[SPEAKER_09]
So why do they keep deflecting that?
Why do they keep denying that it's happening?
They just ignore that.

[SPEAKER_08]
They don't want to look bad.
That's smoking, smoking and lung cancer.
Was it four took four, four took 40 years.
What are you?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
Right.
Right.
Isn't that crazy?

[SPEAKER_08]
Smoking and lung cancer took 40 years, 40 fricking years.
Like the risk ratio on that is 10.

[SPEAKER_05]
Like, think if we take 40 years for this, right?

[SPEAKER_08]
We're all going to be gone.

[SPEAKER_05]
No one's going to remember.
The AIs will remember, but they won't care.
They'll be happy.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yes, and they'll still say it's safe and effective.
Exactly.
Grok will still be saying, yes, catch a COVID shot to study show, save his life.

[SPEAKER_05]
No, 8 billion humans died, but it had nothing to do with the shots.
It was climate change.

[SPEAKER_08]
It was coincidence.

[SPEAKER_05]
No, it was climate change.

[SPEAKER_08]
Oh, it was climate change.
Oh, I thought it was coincidence.

[SPEAKER_09]
Jessica, thank you so much for your generosity and your time and your expertise and all the work you do.
You are a hero and a rock star in this movement.

[SPEAKER_05]
No, I'm kidding.
Thanks for having me again.
I'm just kidding.

[SPEAKER_09]
How can people find you and your work remind our audience if they want to follow you?

[SPEAKER_05]
jessicar.substack.com.
That's where I'm publishing the most.
I've been publishing a lot of photos of my recent tourist trip.
I'm in the United States, just so that people know.
Yep, big country you guys got here.

[SPEAKER_08]
It's a big country.
Exclusive ESRF, Jessica Rose's location revealed.

[SPEAKER_05]
No, but I mean, come on now.
It's like as big as as big as a planet in this country.

[SPEAKER_09]
It's a huge country.
Not only that, you are going to be speaking at the Brownstone Boston Supper Club on Tuesday, October 7th.
I will be there.
You'll be speaking with Kevin McKernan talking about your paper.
And if you're in the Boston vicinity, there is I'm going to put it in the chat right now.
There's one ticket left.
Whoever's out there that could be near Boston, there's one ticket left.
So you, whoever wants to jump and grab that right now, you can get wild.

[SPEAKER_05]
Like we're going to fill an entire restaurant.
That's wild.
Good for you guys.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.
They do a really good job with the supper club and I look forward to being there and seeing you again in person.
So if you can grab that ticket and get there, uh, it's going to be a special evening.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, I'll put on a dress.

[SPEAKER_09]
Excellent.
Excellent.
So thank you again.
Any final thoughts or words for our audience?

[SPEAKER_05]
You can find me on Twitter too, but I'm very suppressed.
I've reached a certain number and it's like, the algo won't let me go above it.
Like no matter what I post, I think I could post something like really controversial and I still wouldn't go above my number.
We all get assigned a number and we can't go above it, but it's just lots of thinking.

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, follow Jessica, go to our sub stack, become a subscriber.
She does amazing work as you saw her heard and saw tonight.
If you don't follow already.
And thank you, Jessica.
We hope to have you back soon.
And, and we look forward to seeing you and I look forward to seeing you in Boston and also at the CHD conference.
You'll be also speaking.
in Austin in November at the Children's Health Defense Conference.
So plenty of opportunity to see Jessica live.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_05]
And thanks to CHD for inviting me.
That's very, very nice.

[SPEAKER_08]
And if you're really lucky, you can hear one of her rap songs.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, I might do a rap live in Austin.
So stay tuned for that.

[SPEAKER_08]
That's worth the ticket.
That's worth it.
No doubt.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_09]
We'll leave it back to your kitty, Jessica.
I know your kitty needs attention.
So thank you again.
And everyone else hang in there.
Um, we've got, I've got a closing video from 1983, but I got a few announcements to make.
Thank you, Jessica.
We'll see you in Boston.

[SPEAKER_08]
Hey, Jessica, I'm going to call you on what's happened like five minutes.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_05]
All right, but actually, can you call me in like 15 minutes?

[SPEAKER_08]
Sure.

[SPEAKER_05]
All right.
Good.

[SPEAKER_09]
All right.
Thank you.
I want to sincerely thank everyone here for being part of the VSRF live.
Everything we do, investigation, interview and live stream is completely.
funded by viewers like you.
We don't rely on corporate sponsors or government grants, which means your support allows us to speak freely, investigate the issues that matter, and bring you the truth.
Every contribution, no matter the size, has a real impact.
I'm going to flash it on the screen.
Text VSRF 253-555.
That's VSRF.
to 53-555.
You can also go to our website at vacsafety.org backslash donate.
Any amount will help.
No donation is too small.
And even if you can't, we thank you for being with us here tonight.
Next week, we were just talking about the CHD Conference.
We're going to have Mary Holland and Stephanie Lucreccio from Children's Health Defense.
They'll tell us all about the upcoming CHD Conference in Austin this November.
and share their insights on the recent autism Tylenol announcement.
Plus what we can expect moving forward.
Don't miss this conversation next week.
Same time, same place here on VSRF live.
Steve, I understand you're going to be speaking at the CHD conference as well.
What are you going to be sharing during your slot?
What are you going to talk about?

[SPEAKER_08]
I'll talk about the check data.

[SPEAKER_09]
Excellent.
We'll look forward to that.
And tonight we'll be signing off with a powerful clip from the Phil Donahue show in the early 1980s before the National Childhood Vaccine Injury Act was passed in 1986.
And in this episode, they discussed the DPT vaccine in depth and the serious injuries and deaths it caused in children, a time when mainstream media coverage was open, honest, and unfiltered.
It's a sobering reminder of the importance of transparency and accountability and vaccine safety.
It is a, we're going to play the first 16 minutes of this episode and the full 45 Janet will put the link.
We put it up on our rumble channel.
She's going to put it in the link.
It's also going to be in the description on tonight's show.
If you want to watch a full 45 minutes, Steve, this is going to be really interesting if you're interested in watching this as well.
Um,
Thank you everyone for being here tonight and for all of your donations and we will see you here next week.
Steve, thank you again.
Great to see you and we'll see you next week as well.
Have a good night, everyone.

[SPEAKER_08]
Bye, everyone.

[SPEAKER_03]
Did you give your baby the DPT shot?
Yes, I did.
What is your understanding?
Were you obliged to give the baby the DPT shot or was it a voluntary decision?

[SPEAKER_01]
A little bit of both, but I think I would have given it to him.
I'd like to protect him against every disease that I can.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right.
At what age was he?
Six months when you got the...
When was the first shot?

[SPEAKER_01]
Oh, I can't remember.

[SPEAKER_03]
I can't either.
I know.

[SPEAKER_01]
He's had so many.
I really can't remember.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
You're aware that there's some... You know, it's not terrifying enough now to be apparent.
They're telling us.
Know what I mean?

[SPEAKER_01]
They're worried about other things.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
And they're suggesting that maybe DPT has...

[SPEAKER_01]
I really didn't know that until we were discussing it right before the show.
I didn't know there were so many dangerous side effects.

[SPEAKER_03]
Okay.
Now we're not going to pretend on this program to solve all of the problems.
It is possible that we will make you more anxious than you would have liked to be.
It's possible that you'll wish by the time this program is over that you had arrived here on the day we had the male strippers.
I mean that's a lot easier show to handle.
So let us make it clear that while we are not claiming to be writing in granite here, and there are no Solomons at hand, we do have a professional group of people here who will probably differ on some of the issues about which we will speak, and we ask you to stay with us as a mother of a 22-month-old person.
You may have some more questions.
Is she typical Dr. Mendelson?
Robert S. Mendelson?
Pediatrician?
Michael Reese?
Chicago?
Big shot doctor who's going to come in again and make the entire medical community hysterical because it is suggested you are an over killer.
You come in and say everything about medicine is bad.
You have grandchildren?
Three grandchildren, Phil.

[SPEAKER_11]
Have they been immunized?
They have not been immunized.
Nothing?
One child had one tetanus shot, but I have to tell you, Phil, that the latest evidence is that the tetanus shot is probably just water, because in reducing the reactivity of the shot, they have also reduced...
In reducing the reaction to the shot, the manufacturers have also reduced the capacity of the shot to produce immunity.

[SPEAKER_03]
They diluted it, you mean.

[SPEAKER_11]
But the most important thing that was said here today was this lady who said that she didn't know until she came here the dangers of the shots.
Because for 40 years now doctors have not been telling patients the truth.
The most important function that your program provides is that we give patients, you give patients, the kind of questions they can put to their doctors.
I regard the Donahue show as the best form of medical education today.

[SPEAKER_03]
Tell that to the American Academy of Pediatrics.

[SPEAKER_00]
Okay, I'm the mother of a three-year-old that's just starting school, and before I took her to school, they missed a DPT shot somewhere along the line.
She was too sick to get it.
Bottom line is, they wouldn't let her in school without the DPT shot, which they gave to her, too, you know, like recently.
You know, they backlogged it.
It wasn't put down.
And the schools do not let children in.
And they run temperatures from them, and I think that anything that they run a temperature from can't be good.

[SPEAKER_03]
May I see the DPT graphic, Ronnie?
We don't want to insult your intelligence if you're a caring mother, father, anybody.
You know what this is, but let's make sure we know what we're talking about.
DPT stands for diphtheria, pertussis, and tetanus.
Pertussis is whooping cough.
And it is the P. Now, Dr. Mendelson wants you to know he doesn't think you ought to take this at all, any of it.
None of this alphabet soup he thinks you ought to take.
Now, he is not necessarily...

[SPEAKER_11]
uh... getting a standing ovation from the american academy uh... pediatrics for that but let's go ahead is exactly true all right some agree i'm sure but well i'm going to him i i have to tell you that next year i've been invited to be the keynote speaker for for the american medical students association and this is exactly what i'm going to say to them all right i'm not saying you're a bad guy i'm trying to establish that

[SPEAKER_03]
You are, at the very least, a controversial animal and I don't think you should necessarily apologize for that.
It means that you're raising issues about which there's a considerable disagreement.

[SPEAKER_11]
I'm taking this stuff out of the medical journals and trying to lay it before the public.

[SPEAKER_03]
Meet Louis Z. Cooper, MD.
Another big shot from the medical community.
Director of Pediatrics, St. Luke's Roosevelt Hospital, New York City.
Chairman of the New York Chapter of the American Academy of Pediatrics.
Has been involved in vaccine research for the last 20 years.
And what's your opening shot?
No pun, doctor.

[SPEAKER_10]
How do you respond to what's... Phil, I am grateful that
My colleague here gives us a chance to tell this audience how exciting it is to be part of a community where we don't fear polio, where we don't fear measles, where we don't fear rubella, where we don't fear pertussis, the way we did when I was a boy and the way we did when I started medical school.
I lived through watching patients die and watching patients be critically and crucially injured for many years with illnesses that now most of this audience don't know anything about except what they read in textbooks.
And that's a very happy circumstance due to vaccines.

[SPEAKER_03]
J. Anthony Morris, PhD.
Dr. Morris has been with us before.
Here is the man who said to President Ford and others during the 1976 swine flu epidemic.
Remember when the president got
His shot in the Oval Office and everybody ran out.
Guion Beret was just one of the suggested unfortunate reactions that literally hundreds, thousands of people suffered following that immunization program.

[SPEAKER_02]
uh... about which doctor morris who was then with the uh... b a that right after you would recognize you were with the f d a disagree you should also know that he lost his job uh... and he is a vaccine researcher what what what is your point we make the assumption that what doctor cooper is that is that is so that does not do away with the point raised by that lady now in a recent editorial the most recent issue of the state medical journal of my state maryland there's an editorial there that says we cannot accept
The petussis vaccine as it now is.
That is that if there's sufficient legislative and public pressure to improve this vaccine, that improvement will take place.
So we're not saying that what Dr. Cooper says is not so.
What we are saying, it could be better.
And the dangers that are associated with the use of the petussis vaccine could be done away with.

[SPEAKER_03]
What are the dangers?

[SPEAKER_02]
The dangers are that you might suffer serious neurologic damage.
It causes seizure in some cases.
It causes seizure.
It causes the inability to use muscles as you have in the audience today, Scotty.

[SPEAKER_03]
As you know, there was a good deal of publicity in Great Britain.
about immunization and Fleet Street got on this in the early 70s and boy the hysteria and the suddenly Great Britain went from a percentage of 80% of the population.
Ronnie, this is on visual 710 if we can just see the graphic on this.
From 47 to 74, about 80% of the population of Great Britain was immunized.
Then the media got on this thing, as much as The Donahue Show is doing now, trying very hard to be responsible, unlike apparently what happened in Britain.
And so a significant number of people in the UK backed away from immunization and guess what?
A pertussis epidemic in 1977-78, significant numbers of whooping cough cases
And in 1980, then they got back on it.
In 1982, there were 50,000 pertussis cases in the United Kingdom with 12 deaths.

[SPEAKER_02]
That certainly does appear to... Let me tell you what happened in my state following a broadcast by the NBC concerning pertussis vaccine.
There was several months thereafter a public release from the state health department in Maryland saying that there's an outbreak of pertussis in our state.
And we believe that this outbreak might have resulted from the reluctance of parents to have their child, children immunized against pertussis.
I got from the state department of health the data that they had got off of the computer which served as the basis of the news released.
There was no outbreak.
of the testers in the state of Maryland.
Why, Tony?
And the cases that did occur occurred in vaccinated children, for the most part, who had received the vaccine according to the recommended procedure.
So they said there were 41 cases of pertussis.
They could not have been more than five cases of pertussis.
And each of these five cases occurred in children who had been vaccinated.

[SPEAKER_03]
You're suggesting that maybe DPT caused them to get whoop whoop?

[SPEAKER_02]
No, I'm not saying that.
What I'm saying is that when parents are aware of the dangers associated with pertussis vaccine, this awareness does not result in an outbreak of pertussis because they are aware of the dangers of the vaccine.
And that's the impression that the state of Maryland gave.

[SPEAKER_03]
OK, meet Marge Grant.
Mrs. Grant is the mother of Scott Grant, who is at hand.
Scott is 21 years old.
These are all polysyllabic words.
And I am sure, Mrs. Grant, that it's OK if I proceed to give these folks just a very, very brief evaluation of Scott's condition.
He's a spastic quadriplegic.
And you are saying that, in fact, 21 years ago today, we should say that
Scott is although certainly somewhat limited in his own motor ability and mental capacity is still a real good boy and obviously a very

[SPEAKER_04]
good-looking young man who the audience should know has the motor activity development of about a nine month old exactly and the mental capacity of about seven years of age in understanding only and it was 21 it was 20 years ago today uh phil it was exactly it's exactly 21 years ago this morning at 5 30 that he reacted severely after his third shot which was given 12 hours earlier
And the reaction was...

[SPEAKER_03]
The DPT shot?

[SPEAKER_04]
DPT, right.
It was the third shot he received on the 7th of December.
And the following morning around 5.30 he woke up earlier than usual and I was fixing his breakfast and all of a sudden he was in his infancy and he clenched his fist and his head went back and he fairly yelled like as if to say, I'm falling, catch me.
And to this very day, he's very, very sensitive to falling.

[SPEAKER_03]
All right.
Now you attempted to litigate Scott's case and were not successful.
Apparently your witnesses were not able to convince the judge or the jury.
of the absolute causality between the DPT and Scott seizure.

[SPEAKER_04]
Really that wasn't the issue at the time of trial.
I could not prove that Scott had received Park Davis' product because even though the doctor at the time he administered it told me it was quadrigin, which was DPT plus polio combined, and it was put out by Park Davis,
He did not record it on Scott's record.

[SPEAKER_03]
Oh, I see.
So the question, the gray area in the court then, that was not what caused his medical condition, but what brand product caused it.

[SPEAKER_04]
Right.
So I lost my suit against Park Davis.
However, we had five experts that didn't detreat Scott and see Scott and they said it was indeed the DDT that hurt him.

[SPEAKER_03]
You are also proud of the fact that your litigation provoked legislation in the state of Wisconsin, which obliges all immunizations now to be identified by lot number and manufacturing.

[SPEAKER_04]
That's only as of the last year.
That also includes the fact that now we do have a personal conviction waiver.
We do not have to take in the state of Wisconsin, but it was a group of us that petitioned the legislature.

[SPEAKER_03]
Do you understand Dr. Cooper's point here that
as much as we can empathize with the pain and the significant interruption in your own life family life in every way that this has caused you he wants you to know that there are thousands and thousands of people out there who've been spared similar difficulty because of immunology and that this is that the numbers indicate that while this while there are questions certainly when you inoculate this many millions of people
The thing works.
We don't get diphtheria anymore.
And there is very little whooping cough, not to mention tetanus.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, Phil, I want to just say this.
I have done a fair amount of research in the last 21 years, and it proves, clearly, that the government is at fault.
The government has not forced the manufacturer to remove the component that's causing dysmorphism.
Which one is that?
Of the pertussis, the whooping cough component.

[SPEAKER_03]
You're convinced that it was the P and D-P-T that caused this problem for you?

[SPEAKER_04]
I have no question, nor did the experts.

[SPEAKER_03]
Dr. Cooper, we do have significant medical testimony indicating that the pertussis feature of DPT is a rather unstable mixture of chemistry about which we really know very little.
And Dr. Morris wants you to know that he thinks that the pertussis problem really

[SPEAKER_10]
almost disappears after two months of age and you don't give it until the kid is two months now well i i i don't know what tony would say but pertussis is a problem not just for the two-month-old but for children of all ages it's a bigger problem for the children under a year of age and one of the reasons we start the vaccine at age two months is to try to provide some degree of protection as soon as possible
I agree with Mrs. Grant that it probably was the pertussis vaccine that caused Scott's awful problem.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well then why do we have the P then?
Why don't we just sell DT?

[SPEAKER_10]
Because until we can produce a vaccine which is safer than the one we have, you think we have to take this risk?
Every year we'll be saving hundreds and thousands of lives by using what we've got.
We need a better pertussis vaccine and there has to be more research
to help us find a better vaccine.
That vaccine has been improved very little in 30 years.

[SPEAKER_11]
Dr. Madison, do you think that doctors should tell patients that I'm going to give you the whooping cough vaccine and if I give it to you, you might turn out to be like
like Scott with encephalopathy and mental retardation and cerebral palsy and convulsions and a shock-like state.
Do you think that doctors should be telling that to patients or should doctors be hiding that from patients as they've done for 40 years?
Bob, I don't think doctors should hide anything from their patients.
Well then you tell me, why haven't they been telling that to patients?
Why is it that this audience here...

[SPEAKER_03]
The first woman who stood up said she was not aware of any problems.

[SPEAKER_11]
Now, that information is available, but people can't go to medical journals, although if they want, they can read Toni Morris's publications, they can read my publications, there's a lot of things they can do.

[SPEAKER_03]
I mean, how would you like to be the mother in the pediatrician's office after he says, now, we have the DPT.
I recommend it because we really diminish.
But you should also know, and then he takes out a poster of a child in a wheelchair who's got a mental capacity of seven years at age 21.
I mean, what kind of a black male is that?

[SPEAKER_11]
Well, then if I'm the mother or the father, then I have to ask the pediatrician some questions.
I have to say to him, what is the incidence of these reactions?
And the pediatrician will then say, it's one in a million.
And then you say to the pediatrician, oh, but Dr. Mendelson has shown the evidence from the medical journals that turns out to prove that the incidence of convulsions is one in a hundred.
The incidence of severe mental permanent defect is one in a thousand.
And that information is in the medical journals.
The only problem is the American doctors don't report it because they're so afraid of malpractice suits.
But if you go to the foreign literature, which is now appearing in all the law cases, because now, just like your case, there are now hundreds of law cases wending their way through the courts.
Bob, come on.
All right.

[SPEAKER_08]
Wow.
