[SPEAKER_00]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_01]
People coming together, feeling inside.
Stop the illusion, one that no one can hide.
People coming together, wonder what you might say.
So who kills truth now?
Stuck in the shadows, get by from day to day In the center, in the town There's a place, there's a space, there's a sound People coming together, getting inside Stop the illusion
Yeah, I like that.
Me too.
There's a place, there's a space, there's a sound People are coming together Stop the illusion Looking for a relation Wonder what you might say
Getting inside, stop the illusion Wanna go and get high People coming together Wonder what you might say So who kills you now, anyway?
People coming together Getting inside, stop the illusion Wanna go and get high People coming together Wonder what you might say

[SPEAKER_04]
Tonight on VSRF Live, we welcome Emmy Award-winning producer of The High Wire and the film An Inconvenient Study, Jen Sherry Perry, known for her creative precision and commitment to elevating independent journalism that informs and helps protect future generations.

[SPEAKER_00]
Everything that goes into their body is just it's so important that it's non-toxic and the Halloween comes around every year It just gets worse and worse It's like this billion dollar industry with this candy that has gotten more and more toxic over the years What if we disrupt this billion dollar industry and first try to educate people and then try to offer an alternative?
You know that kids eat
three cups, over three cups of sugar on Halloween night from all this toxic candy, but it doesn't just stop there because then they've got five pounds of it because you know your kids come back with this pillowcase full and they're eating it like for the whole month and we always say oh it's flu season right after that.
No, it's just a complete arsenal attack on their immune system.

[SPEAKER_04]
Hello and welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm your host, Livio Sanchez, and I'm so glad you're here with us tonight.
I'm broadcasting live from Austin, Texas inside the Highwire Studio for a rare behind the scenes look at one of the most fearless independent media platforms in the world.
Our guest tonight is someone truly remarkable, Jen Sherry Perry, an Emmy award winning executive producer and DGA director whose career spans decades in television and independent media.
Before joining the Highwire in 2018, Jen produced major network shows like CBS's The Doctors, where her work earned an Emmy for outstanding medical storytelling.
Since stepping away from corporate media, Jen has helped transform the Highwire into a global force for transparency and truth.
known for its courage, creativity, and journalistic integrity.
She also serves as executive producer of the new documentary, An Inconvenient Study.
Tonight, Jen will take us inside the high-wire control room for an unfiltered look at how real journalism is made, from navigating censorship to holding the line for informed consent and medical freedom.
But first, I'd like to bring on VSRF founder, Steve Kirsch.
Steve, welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_02]
I'm good, Livio.

[SPEAKER_04]
How are you?
I'm doing great.
I'm actually sitting in the control room at the high wire.
It's quite a vantage point I have.
I'm honored to be here and excited to be in Austin.
And I understand you're flying out to Austin tomorrow.

[SPEAKER_02]
I am.
Yep.
I got to get up at 530 in the morning.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, that's that's an early flight, but good that you're coming in early and you're coming in for the Children's Health Defense Conference, which is happening starting tomorrow night and through the weekend here in Austin.
And I wanted to just.
put this graphic up on the screen because it is completely sold out, but there is a virtual live stream tickets are available through tomorrow.
So if you can join in virtually, there's gonna be so many incredible speakers.
You've got some of them here on the screen on the lineup.
So the link Janet will put in the chat.
And if you can attend virtually, if you're not already coming to Austin, we'd be great to see you there.

[SPEAKER_02]
Wait a minute, but I didn't see Jake Scott on the list of speakers.
Was that a mistake?

[SPEAKER_04]
He probably bowed out, yeah.

[SPEAKER_02]
Oh, darn.
Is Aaron Seary going to be there?

[SPEAKER_04]
I don't know.
I know Dell's going to be there.
Dell will be speaking and many, many others.

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, I'm going to miss Jake.
I'm sure a lot of people would love to talk to him.

[SPEAKER_04]
I'm sure.
Have you tried to contact Jake, Steve?
Yes, I have.

[SPEAKER_02]
Does he return your spot?
Of course not.
No, not at all.
Yeah, I've not heard his name since.
Let me let me just let me just check my emails in real time, though, just just to make sure.
But but I kind of don't think so.
You know, but you never know.
But I think I'll be getting a call from people monitoring my my email.
So I would be getting a call if that maybe he's watching.

[SPEAKER_04]
Maybe he'll call you during the show.

[SPEAKER_02]
So what do you know?
And no match is found.
Who would have guessed?
That's a complete surprise.
Shocking.
I'll bet when Dell reaches out to these people, they respond immediately with the, hi, I'm out of the office.

[SPEAKER_04]
Exactly.
We'll call you back.
Don't call us.
Well, let's bring on our guest, our esteemed guest, Jen Sherry Perry.
Jen, welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_00]
Hey, Olivia.
Hey, Steve.
I'm good.
How are you guys?

[SPEAKER_02]
Good.
Good.
Can you see us?

[SPEAKER_00]
I can.
I can see you now.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_02]
Oh, okay.
You couldn't see us before?

[SPEAKER_00]
I can see you now.

[SPEAKER_02]
I was dancing before and I didn't get a reaction, so I assumed you couldn't see us.

[SPEAKER_00]
I did not see the dancing.
Can you replay that, redo that for everybody?

[SPEAKER_04]
Before we get started, Jen, I want to read your bio because you're a bit of an unsung hero in the health freedom movement.
And so Jen, as I said earlier, is an Emmy Award-winning executive producer and Directors Guild of America director.
With more than two decades in television, Jen began her career at E!
Entertainment, producing live events, documentaries, and network specials, then spent nearly 10 years at CBS's The Doctors, where her reporting and production work earned a 2010 Emmy Award.
In 2018, Jen made the leap to independent media, joining the high wire with Del Bigtree as executive producer.
Since then, she's helped build one of the most dynamic and courageous programs in digital journalism.
Known for fearless truth telling and a commitment to integrity that inspires audiences worldwide, Jen is also executive producer of an inconvenient study.
a new documentary exploring data transparency and scientific accountability.
And there's so much more to learn about you, Jen.
Again, thank you for being here.
And I just want to I want to start going back because you and I are both media professionals from the legacy media.
We both were on the other side.
Steve might call us the dark side, but I call them the dark side.
And I wanted to get back to your roots, how you got into media from early on and built your way up to winning an Emmy Award.

[SPEAKER_00]
Sure.
I appreciate all those kind words.
And yeah, I actually started doing television in high school.
We had a radio and TV class.
So I was 14 years old.
I started doing stories about the local coffee shop and whatnot and just fell in love with
the storytelling that happens with video and audio.
I also think I liked the fact that I got a free pass to leave campus whenever I wanted.
And so those two things combined, I was able to really just dive into that.
And then when I ended up going to college, K-State University and broadcast journalism and really started to figure out
what it was that I really loved about it.
I would say that I really didn't get my feet wet until I left college though.
And there's a funny story.
I was in my final, I think my senior year at K-State, my teacher asked the class, what do you guys want to do when you grow up essentially?
And I, at the time, you know, entertainment television was in its heyday and I watched it and Jules Asner had a travel show that was like really amazing.
And I thought, I raised my hand.
I said, I want to work for entertainment television.
And she looked right straight in my eyes and said, that's really sweet but you've really you've got to start off small you should go to a news station in Wichita, Kansas, you know and and start there.
And I just thought that sounds like this is not the move I want to make right.
And then I traveled to Europe and I met somebody that knew, that worked in television in LA, just serendipitously.
And he knew someone at E, he got an email address.
Long story short, I went to LA for a week.
I marched up to the HR department who wasn't getting a hold of me, handed my resume in to them.
And I got a call like a week later saying, can you be an intern for E True Hollywood Story?
And so this Kansas girl said, well, I went up and I gave them my resume.
I heard back a few weeks later and they called me and I said, I can come out there whenever you want.
And so I was out within two weeks.
I drove out with my mom and our grand marquee and I hit the ground running as an intern making zero money and soon got a PA position and then an AP position, segment producer.
And I worked there for seven years, working my way up.
in the ranks and worked on a million different shows from live events to red carpet, style network, all the things and had a really good time in my 20s doing that.
And then at some point it got really old and I was kind of done with the celebrity aspect of E and
And yeah, I had a great run, ended up doing a few shows all about the LA music scene, was interviewing musicians.
And then this job popped up where the Doctors TV show at CBS was hiring.
And I really had to kind of shift gears and put on my medical journalism hat.
And I got that job in 2008.
and worked my butt off.
I mean, it was a really, it was, you know, we're just starting off.
I was working like 30 hour shifts and edit bays out in the field.
And I ended up, I worked there for a decade and that's how Dell and I met.
We were both producers on The Doctors and really cut my teeth in a different way than I ever had before.
And it was a crazy experience.
I was in ER.
I was in ORs.
I would essentially scrub in and scrubs.
And I was filming surgeries all the time with doctors.
So I'd mic doctors, and they would be walking me through surgeries.
And I would go into people's homes, and I would sit down with them and ask them the most intimate questions.
I'd have to get to know them very quickly, sit them down and talk to them about some very
grave disease or some surgery they were going to have or whatnot.
And so it was, it was a wild ride.
But yeah, in 2010, we went to Emmy.
And that was, you know, I did things that some of my standout, you know, things that happened earlier in my career at CBS was after the 2010 earthquake in Haiti.
We took field hospitals and Dell and I actually were on that producer team.
So it was me and Dell and a couple other producers.
And then we took all the doctors with us and we set up field hospitals.
And we basically just tried to help as many people as we can while also filming it.
It was a wild, that was a wild trip.
and one that really stuck out to both Dell and I, because it really pulled at a lot of heartstrings as we were out there in this war zone, essentially.
And yeah, I, you know, from there, I mean, I have a story that kind of goes along with Haiti that I'd love to share with you guys.
I mentioned it to you, Livio, but
about two weeks before we left for Haiti, or a week before we left for Haiti, it all came together.
And I thought to myself, shoot, I'm going to a third world country that's gone through a lot.
I'm sure I need some vaccines for this trip.
I was very naive to all of it.
I thought, well, yeah, vaccines make you healthy, and you need them when you travel.
And so I went into the clinic.
And I got like seven different shots.
Because, yeah, because they said, what have you had lately?
And I said, I don't know.
Just give me everything.

[SPEAKER_04]
Wait, you asked for all that many?

[SPEAKER_00]
I said, I don't know what I've had lately.
Like, what do you think?
Just do what you think, right?

[SPEAKER_02]
What year was this?

[SPEAKER_00]
This was in 2010.

[SPEAKER_02]
2010.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
Haiti right before you went to America when you right before I went to Haiti.

[SPEAKER_00]
It was a very rushed situation.
And so, you know, I went in and and and just, you know, blindly have what this nurse just gave me.
I found my vaccines.
You know, a yellow card and yeah, it was like pull is all the childhood vaccines almost like MMR polio.
They gave me type.
I don't know typhoid twin.
Twinnix.
There's some heps in there.
It was it was a lot.

[SPEAKER_02]
Dells never been vaccinated though, right?

[SPEAKER_00]
No, no.
He grew up and vaccinated and I grew up I was you know, I was born in 80.
I was you know, had whatever was done then but nothing crazy.
But I did have a lot of, you know, ear infections and throat things and took a lot of antibiotics and I was little like every person I've ever met that grew up in that timeframe.
But yeah, so what's your story is also
Exactly.
Went to Haiti, came back a month later.
I got a science infection, and I took an antibiotic, even though I wasn't really crazy about antibiotics at that time, but the doctor gave it to me.
And all of a sudden, I could not breathe.
My lungs just closed up, and I went into the doctor, and they had no idea what was wrong with me.
At one point, I got a phone call that said, we think that you might have lupus or lymphoma.
the eosinophils in my blood and my lungs were just like through the roof.
They did lung biopsies, needle biopsies on my lymph nodes.
They wanted to take lymph nodes out and no one could figure out, I went to infectious disease specialist, did you catch something in Haiti?
Like no one could figure it out and nobody, I mean, I didn't think anything of, you know, besides this is a medical mystery.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, it wasn't the vaccines, whatever it was, it couldn't have been the vaccines.

[SPEAKER_00]
Not even crossed anyone's minds.
Nobody looked at my records and said, and so, yeah, I was really sick for like eight months and I was a healthy 30 year old woman who could barely breathe.
I had to take high levels of prednisone just to open my lungs up.
Long story short, Western medicine wanted to take my lymph nodes out and all of it.
And I just, I knew that I did have cancer.
I knew that I didn't have lupus.
I just felt like my body was out of whack.
And I ended up just doing like an anti-candida cleanse to try to, you know, really just
I actually, I was so desperate, someone referred me to a health intuitive.
And I never talked to anyone like that in my life.
And I called this woman and she said, I see white in your lungs and your blood, it's candida, you need to address that.
And so I went on a mission and just basically juiced myself better.
It took me about a year.
And I reversed all my blood work and got better.
And still at that point, I didn't know what had happened.
I just knew that I was better.
And it wasn't until years later, I was talking to a doctor in New York for the show, for the doctor's TV show.
I was interviewing him, doing a pre-interview.
And he said, I'm sorry I'm late for this call.
I was just meeting with an adult that had been vaccine injured.
And I said, what?
adults get injured by vaccines?
I had maybe heard that kids did, you know, it's like, I'd started to kind of hear that.
It was around the same time that Dell and I were working together and SB 276 in California was going off.
And so that was coming into my world a bit.
But it just struck me like a lightning bolt.
This doctor says this to me, and I go, Oh, my gosh, when did I go to Haiti?
And I pulled up the records.
And I thought,
that's what that's what it was and I hadn't until that point even put it together because we're so brainwashed to think that vaccines make you healthy that you wouldn't even look under that rock.
So yeah about that time I remember Dell pops over my desk and he's like hey
Do you know about SB 276 and I, you know, I didn't have kids at the time.
I wasn't really, I mean, thinking about vaccines at all.
And so I didn't really know what was going on about it.
And he, he filled me in and he was really a deer in headlights too.
He was like, I.
have never, he grew up unvaccinated.
He had just started having kids and he wanted to raise his kids the way that he had been raised.
And so SB276 really came up in conversation.
Richard Pan came on the doctor's TV show.
Del had a run-in with that.
He was all of a sudden, his eyes were open to this situation and he turned me on to it.
And, you know, I still wasn't quite clear about all of it, but
He, you know, and then, so that's happening.
And then Dell, you know, Dell and I were friends.
We sat next to each other at the doctor's TV show.
I knew his wife, Lee, we had, you know, we had all hung out, my husband, them, and he was just one of my work buddies.
And he one day was like, I met Andy Wakefield at this party.
And I think I'm going to work on his film.
And the time I didn't really even know who that was, and just super supportive of what he was interested in.
And we'd have hiatus every summer from the doctors.
So basically, they'd break us for three months.
And so he started working on the film that summer.
And I remember he called me or I was talking to him.
He said, Jen, I don't think I can come back to the doctors.
I have to finish this film.
And the season's starting soon.
And he'd also used two of our hosts in the film.
And that was an interesting dynamic, because he basically took some of the hosts of the doctor show, this mainstream Western medicine show,
And he had asked them to look at the William Thompson study on camera, and they were really shocked at what they saw and had this epiphany that, oh my gosh, this is, you know, this story is real and these vaccines could probably be harming people.
And I think Dell jokes that, you know, maybe the executive producers of the show were like, you know, not super stoked about that.
So, you know,

[SPEAKER_02]
And that's the understatement of the year.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_02]
So I still ever invited them on camera for an interview.

[SPEAKER_00]
We actually, we had Rachel Ross on a few times on the high wire since then.
Dr. Ross, she's great.
She came on when we had our studio in LA.
And I talked to her recently and checked in with her.
She's doing well.
But yeah, I think Jim Sears was the other doctor.
I haven't talked to him in a long time.
I'm not sure if Dale has.
But yeah, so Dell takes off on this mission to make this film.
I remember one night he came over to me and my husband's loft and he was just jazzed and he's telling us, you know, I'm interviewing, I just interviewed Stephanie Seneff.
It's incredible the stuff I'm learning.
And at that time, I had just gotten pregnant with our first child.
So
i always just say it's such a blessing i was actually friends with del big tree at the moment when i started having kids and he just downloaded everything he was learning about um you know the william thompson story and vaccines on us in real time and we were able to
totally take pause with that decision and just you know at the beginning I was like hey we're just going to wait till our kid is three and then we're going to look at it again.
But he really I definitely give him credit for
saving, you know, my, my first, I have three children now, but my first, I think I went into it without really knowing too much.
You know, it was just all the, that world was just opening up to me.
I was definitely into natural health, but not hadn't, you know, I'd just gotten pregnant.
So I probably would have done more research, but I don't know what research I would have done.
And it just, it was such a blessing to have Dell there in my ear as that was all unfolding.
And, and then, yeah.
And then Vaxxed hit,
the main stage on the news.
I remember calling a friend going, Robert De Niro is talking about Dell right now on Good Morning America and just seeing this totally organic, he just shot off into the stratosphere.
uh as as it did and just trying to keep up with him and watch and be so proud of him and just cheering him on and I think even I had forgotten this I thought of it the other day we had a screening of Vax before it was finished in our loft.
Dell asked if he could bring over people and we could just screen it and then we could give feedback.
And so the first time I saw it, it wasn't a finished product, and it was just a small group of people in our loft in downtown LA.
And then yeah, he he just exploded and it was just a it was an incredible moment and And skip to when he did his first podcast high wire episode And what he says it was a little closet in Hollywood.
I Remember I was sitting on the bed.
I watched this episode and I immediately called them and I was like
I didn't watch it live, but I was like, dude, you're great on camera.
We've always been behind camera.
And I said, let's rock this out.
Let's make a network of actual content that matters and tells people real information.
Because I was in the doctors, and we did such good work in the beginning.
And slowly but surely, pharma just started to take hold.
And by the end of it,
I would say I was doing these things called integrations where it was a commercial for essentially for Pfizer bear, but you wouldn't know you're watching a commercial so they would book the guest, they would give us the guest, somebody with a heart issue, I would go out I would film an interview with him.
I'd craft the backstory, we'd roll it in, the head, the president of Bayer would be the guest on the show, and she would just loosely and slickly kind of explain how this is a problem with a lot of people in America, and here are the five ways that you can help this heart situation.
Number one is eating healthy, two is drinking water, like three, and by five it was like, and also take this pharmaceutical drug.
And that was becoming a real,
big staple of our production.
And I just felt like on top of that, the content we were putting out was not in-depth enough.
It wasn't really helping people.
It was surface.
And it was like, what can get clicks and likes and viral and all of that?
And so that job just started to swiftly go downhill right as I was seeing Dell.
create something that was new and beautiful.
And yeah, I called them and I said, like, I want in on this.
I see like a big future here.
I see we can do so much and do so much good.
And it was kind of really what I was looking for.
A year or two before that, I had gone to Nepal to Kathmandu to shoot.
I was by myself with like a whole bunch of doctors that were doing free foot surgeries.
They were doing club foot surgeries.
And I filmed for nine days and I was a camera op and I did audio is like a one woman band was like all the things, and I was filming with these doctors and just so inspired by the beauty of this, you know people donating their time and doing such good work and helping people and I wanted that and I was had a kind of a midlife.
I don't know if it's midlife, but just that crisis moment of going, what am I doing with my life?
I want to do good.
Maybe I want to work for nonprofit, but how can I do television at the same time?
Not knowing what I was asking for, but really trying to manifest some hybrid.
And that's exactly what happened with the high wire.
It was just manifested in such a beautiful way.
I'm able to.
Be like an activist and a journalist and work for a nonprofit and and put out content that people actually helps people be healthier so Okay, not with the name.

[SPEAKER_02]
Oh, sorry.

[SPEAKER_00]
The high wire.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_00]
I don't know, I wasn't there for that.
So when it first started, Kat and Patrick Leighton were brought in with Dell and they're like ex opera singers and were really instrumental in getting a lot of people to the screenings of Vaxxed and Dell was so impressed by how they did that.
He brought them in and basically threw them a script from the doctors said, this is what a script looks like.
Let's do a show.
And so I think I met Cat and Pat many months after they had started already doing the show.
So I'm not sure actually where the high wire came from.

[SPEAKER_02]
Mystery.

[SPEAKER_00]
I'm sure Patrick had something to do with it.
He's pretty creative.

[SPEAKER_04]
So much to unpack.

[SPEAKER_02]
Go ahead, Steve.
So you made this transition.
The first question is, how did Dell afford to pay you?
How did he fund this?
Because getting something like this started in kind of a big way that he did.
Did he have funding from George Soros, or who was bankrolling this operation that paid everybody salaries?
I'm sure it wasn't Soros.

[SPEAKER_00]
No, I don't believe it was.
Yeah, he had a donor that was happy to provide support for that.
And it was a big decision, too.
It was very much in its infancy.
So there was a tiny, tiny group.
I mean, it was literally Cat and Patrick and maybe one or two others.
And no one, when I walked in, no one had really worked in television at all.
I think one of them had some experience with audio.
And, uh, and so I really walked into a situation because I was at Paramount Studios for 10 years.
I was in the big studios with the big control rooms and a thousand grips.
I mean,
tons of money tons of crews guy that gets paid however much to pull one cord you know during the show like that's his only job and so um yeah i walked in and we always joked in the beginning you walk into a room open a door to get somebody to help you do something and there's just a mirror in the door in the room and you just see yourself and that's
I mean, we started off very, it was, I mean, even the set behind me, we essentially built this with his own two hands and our stage manager.
And back in LA, when we had our studio, it was in the armpit of Culver City in an office, a little office, we created the studio really with our own two hands.
So it was, it's just like piece by piece.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, so any regrets on making that move from the mainstream to the dark side, so to speak?

[SPEAKER_00]
No regrets at all.
But you know, it is it's it's crazy when I'm in the DGA.
And so when I was at the doctors, I was the only one of the only DGA members on that production team.
And I never really got to reap the benefits.
I mean, it's incredible how much people make in Hollywood.
And if you're a DGA member, you get residuals and all of this stuff.
that I never really got to capitalize on.
And probably if I would have stayed in network television, you know, I wanted to, I always wanted to direct live TV.
And anytime I watched the directors in the controller Paramount, I'm like, I could do that better.
Like she's missing that shot.
She's not, you know, and if I would have stayed there, the only thing that, you know, and it's, I don't have a regret is that, you know, I probably would be have a lot more money.
But other than that, you just kind of sell your soul to that.
And I'm not interested in it.
This is way more rewarding, what we're doing here and where we've come, how far we've come.
So I would say, yeah, it's been really, really rewarding to also like all those people that were kind of green.
We all working together training them building up and now I mean I look at our team who a lot of them like Cole Anderson in the control room right now.
He he came in a young buck and he's probably I mean he's one of the best technical directors I've ever seen in my career now and you know he just you learn on the job and you make it happen and that's just how we've always done things here so.

[SPEAKER_04]
When you left the old world, did people look at you sideways and say, what are you doing?
Why are you leaving?
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_02]
And then- There's something wrong with you.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
And you left before COVID.

[SPEAKER_00]
Oh, yeah.
And I left in the dark of night because I didn't want to make a big deal about it.
And I didn't want anyone to try to convince me to not do it.
So I actually waited till a Friday.
I went in the night before.
I got all my stuff from my office.
It sounds really dramatic, but and I sent really nice emails to everyone on Friday when I just like I wanted everyone to just I want to explain it and I don't want to hear about it again.
Because, yeah, I think people definitely you know it was a big it was a big jump it's like you're leaving a really like secure job that has a lot of cred.
And, but I just knew in my heart it was the right move.
And I had a couple of fans like at the doctors are like, go for it, do it.
I'm with you.
And that's all it took.

[SPEAKER_02]
That's awesome.

[SPEAKER_04]
What a great story and getting new people to join you here at the high wire.
My experience with trying to bring former colleagues into this side of journalism and media.
They, they wanted nothing to do with what I was working on at the time early on defeat the mandates, which you were the director.
of the Defeat the Mandates and Rescue the Republic.

[SPEAKER_02]
Thank you for that, by the way.
Great.
Awesome job.

[SPEAKER_00]
Thank you.
That was fun.
Wild.

[SPEAKER_04]
Incredible work.
And I got to work with you at Rescue so I could see how overwhelming and how big a production it is all the way from pre to production and post.
It's incredible work that you do.
But I want to ask you because I tried to bring people to the first defeat the mandates to work like literally pay them real money to come and operate camera or do sound or do cement and across the board.
No, I don't want to work on that.
No, I don't.
I want to work with you, but not on the content you're you're producing.
Did you run into any of that trying to bring some of your old colleagues over?

[SPEAKER_00]
I kind of put the feelers out.
I have worked now with a few editors that I worked with doctors with.
I tried to pull one over from the beginning and he was just too comfortable there.
And then when that ended, he edited with us for a while.
And yeah, I think I got a little heat.
It's just a lot of quietness.
And then when I would call people,
You really have to have a lot of strength to jump over and do this.
And if you're not really into it, I feel like people aren't willing to even open their minds to it.
I mean, I definitely have brought in people that
Well, well, you know, they did the work because they wanted the paycheck, but and said at the end, you know, like, I don't really agree with this or what are we doing here?
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_02]
So are there any of those on the highware now that are?

[SPEAKER_00]
No, they would never survive here.
If anyone came in, there's definitely some hires where they didn't quite know what we were doing.
They're like, okay, our stage manager brought in an audio guy and he was like, what's going on here?
But everybody here is so on board with what we're doing and I don't think it would work any other way.
It really wouldn't.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, the sound guy would just get the sound in the middle of the show or do something like that.
Do you ever try to, are you ever able to get any guests on the show that are supporters of the narrative so that Dell can have a conversation with them to say, Hey, you know, let's talk about what the evidence shows.

[SPEAKER_00]
Well, that's a good that's actually funny.
You ask because we tomorrow we're supposed to have a reporter, a big reporter from one of the big newspapers coming in for Dell to interview her.
And she's the one that's written a lot of hit pieces on.
Yeah.
And I can't I can't say who until it happens.
But oh, my God.
But yeah, I mean, we are open and ready for anything like that.

[SPEAKER_02]
And how did that come about?

[SPEAKER_00]
Well, she asked to come.

[SPEAKER_02]
By the way, you heard it here first on VSRF.
You didn't hear it first on the highway.
You heard about this first year.

[SPEAKER_00]
I won't believe it until she's in the set behind me and we're filming tomorrow.
But she asked if she could come see the studio because she's in town for the CHD event.
And we said, well, if you want to see the studio, you've got to sit down for an interview with Del.
Oh my gosh.
And she said, yes, she got parents.
So we'll see.

[SPEAKER_04]
Oh, wow.
She's going to be on the desk with Dell.
You're going to do a full like.

[SPEAKER_00]
I hope so.
I mean, look, I with everything, I'll see it when I believe it, especially in that situation.

[SPEAKER_02]
But when is that happening tomorrow?

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, we're supposed to pre tape it tomorrow.

[SPEAKER_02]
Holy moly.

[SPEAKER_00]
I mean, Dell constantly asks people to debate him or come on, we can have varying viewpoints.
Let's do this.
And yeah, that's I think it just we keep pushing and the floodgates will open.
But at the end of the day, we did have Neil deGrasse Tyson on I don't know if you saw that interview.
That was a classic.
Really?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_00]
He came in a couple years ago and like, I don't know if he didn't realize what, what, who we were, or if he just really thought I'm smarter and I know more than this guy.
So he's got, he's got quite the ego.
Yeah.
And he was, he was really sweet.
We thought he would be, you know, we, we didn't know what to expect.
He came in, he was so gracious, so sweet, but there was about, about 20 minutes.
And I think he started to realize like what was going on.
And, um, they had some real aha moments together and he kept, he kept, he didn't walk off the set.
He just kept going.
And that was probably one of our biggest, you know, on the other, cause he had just come out with that documentary.
I can't remember the name.
It totally flopped, but it was some sort of like Provax documentary.
that he was trying to pimp out and Dell and him just went at it and it made for a great debate.
More people should do it.
I mean, we've asked Paul off it.
We reached out to Peter Hotez.
Let's have those conversations.

[SPEAKER_02]
So what happened?
I mean, Anil must have gotten creamed by Dell.

[SPEAKER_00]
I mean, one of the classic moments is like Dell is like pleading with him, Neil, the scientific method is dying.
I need you to help me revive it.
Like, please, you know.
And I think that he was even cordial after the fact, you know, but I, I just don't think he knew what he was walking into.
I don't, I don't think
I think that he only knows what he knows, and that guy is just put on a pedestal.

[SPEAKER_02]
He doesn't seem to be open to views other than what he believes, that's for sure.

[SPEAKER_00]
Nobody wants to go back and say that they were wrong, that's the hardest part about this.
That's a hard pill to swallow.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, so have you been able to convince anybody that they're wrong and get it on camera and for them to admit, oh, you're right.
I was wrong.

[SPEAKER_00]
Well, I think Brett Weinstein was a really good moment.
Dell had a lot of back and forth with him.
I think when they when they first met, Brett was, you know, not open to, you know, the whole childhood, whole childhood schedule.
They kind of spoken about covid a little bit.
But, you know, at some point, Brett came up to Dell and Dell was it was a shocking moment for him where he was just like,
I looked into this.
There is no science at all.

[SPEAKER_02]
Good for Brett.
Brett is a true scientist.
He's open to questioning the invisible system.
Peter McCullough, the same.

[SPEAKER_00]
I mean, Peter was definitely, when it came to COVID, and we just watched Peter, Robert Malone.
They all just started to really look into it.
And it was a beautiful thing for them to be open to it.

[SPEAKER_04]
So was that before Steve brought Brett and Pete and Malone together for that famous podcast?

[SPEAKER_00]
Oh, for sure.
That was incredible.
That was such a big moment.
I remember, I mean, COVID was such a wild ride for us.
We were just, every week was what is coming out next and where, you know, how riding a wild bull of excitement.
I mean, it was just,
it was such our bag like we were like we know about infectious disease we know all these players and let us just you know break this down so i remember i mean every moment like that that came out it was like oh my gosh now there's this interview with this guy and that and let's feature it and just it was non-stop for years

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
You know, Brett, um, I, I spent a long time talking, uh, Brett into it, but you know, it was his research where he convinced himself that this was the right thing to do.
Cause he realized when he decided to do that particular podcast with, uh, Malone and me, that, uh, that could be the end of his career, that his, his YouTube channel would be censored and, and so forth.
So it didn't take long.
For that that episode which had I don't know how many it was well over a million views and Then YouTube took it down for violating their community standards.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah Crazy, it's still hard to find that interview.
You have to dig into the dark web To find that really there.
Yeah.
Yes very Wow
So are you able to have these conversations about your vaccine injuries with people outside of the work that you're doing now?
And do they say, yeah, let me learn more or?

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, I do use that story to try to get through to people.
And that was like the hard part for me, going through the COVID, you know, vaccine mandates and watching all these adults get injured because I knew how hard what they were going through.
You know, obviously like babies and children can't speak for themselves and articulate what's going on with them.
But even as an adult, when you go into the doctor and you're articulating what is happening to you and nobody knows what's going on, it is a lonely place.
And so I do try to use that story as much as I can for people to understand that, you know, I was pro-vax before, clearly, or, you know, I was just, yeah, give me whatever.
And, you know, and, and you can bet none anymore.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, I know it's way too much.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
Would you ever take a vaccine again?

[SPEAKER_00]
No, not anything that I've seen.
I mean, we joke about if Ebola was like going off and, you know, there's something that could cause you to avoid that horrible death.
You know, we'd look at the science, but, you know, I mean, some double-blind placebos here.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
Let me ask you, chlorine dioxide, have you used chlorine dioxide at all?

[SPEAKER_00]
I haven't yet, but it's coming up a lot in conversation.
It just came on today on the on the high wire.
We did off the record interview.
That's for anybody that, you know, donates to the high where it's like the gift they get.
So they watch.
So if you watch off the record, Pierre Corey went on about that.
I mean, he just wrote a book about it.
Yeah, I just wrote.
And so I'm very curious.

[SPEAKER_02]
He did a heck of a job on that book, by the way.
He sent me a copy of it.
Oh my gosh.
I don't know how he has the time to do that.
I mean, I didn't have the time even to read a few of the pages of the book yet.
And this guy's written this 400 page book on chlorine dioxide.
Who would have thought?

[SPEAKER_00]
Well, what are your thoughts on it?

[SPEAKER_02]
I love it.
It's my go to.
It was Pierre who turned me on to it.
I mean, I had heard of it before, but I kind of wrote it off as fringe stuff.
But I was doing an article on the best way to treat
respiratory viruses.
And I thought that hydrogen peroxide and some other things might be effective if you nebulize them and so forth.
But Pierre said, oh, you should check out chlorine dioxide.
And I said, really?
And he said, yeah, yeah, you should really check it out.
And I said, OK. And so I did that.
And I was super impressed with what I saw.
I mean, it's always now.

[SPEAKER_03]
Do you make it yourself?
Is it?

[SPEAKER_02]
Oh, totally.
Yeah, I have two different methods to make it.
One is the, I'm on the road and I can make it in less than one minute.
I can go from just the raw chemicals to a thousand ppm, 30 milliliters of chlorine dioxide.
But I typically will make a CDS solution
overnight and so you just take a tablet stick it in water stick it in the in a jar put in the refrigerator and nine hours later you take it out and thousand ppm chlorine dioxide super simple to make

[SPEAKER_00]
And it's like a preventative and just helping your immune system, essentially.
Or you can use it to treat something acutely.

[SPEAKER_02]
I use it as a treatment.
So if I'm coming down with something, if I'm sneezing, my wife says, oh, you're coming down with a cold.
It's like, OK.
So then I'll do either like the nasal rinses.
I could do nebulize.
Or what I like to do is I just put it in my CPAP.
So my CPAP 240 milliliters of water in the CPAP humidifier, you add 2.4 milliliters of chlorine dioxide at 1,000 ppm.
That gives you 10 ppm of chlorine dioxide.
Just breathe it the whole night.
Bam.
I mean, it's like an overnight treatment.
You don't even need to do it.
You need to do it for like five minutes, but it's so safe you could do it for overnight.
So it's just super convenient because it doesn't take any time out of my day.
I'm on the CPAP at night anyway.
So just adding the chlorine dioxide
Uh, so it's still looted down to 10 PPM and, and then, uh, breathing that all night.
Um, you know, it's, it's kind of a, uh, I mean, I could do that anyway, right?
Coming chlorine dioxide is the same thing as a water purifier, although at 10 PPM, it's a, um, it's at a much higher level than you would use to purify water, but, uh, it's still safe at that level too.

[SPEAKER_00]
It seems like it's like becoming more of a conversation.
So I'm curious to hear more people that have benefits costs $0.
roughly.

[SPEAKER_02]
So yeah, fully like five, five cents to make 100 milliliters.
Yeah, it's five cents.
So I have not gotten sick since I started using chlorine dioxide.
And the first time I used it, it was like I was about to get sick.
And I knew I was about to get sick.
And I used it and reversed it.
And so since then, any time I get a sneeze, it's always better to do it as soon as you think you might have something.
So if your aura ring says your body temperature is elevated overnight, which is the first sign that you're coming down with something, is overnight, is nighttime temperature rise.
that's the thing to pay attention to.
And then, you know, get on the chlorine dioxide.
If it's a respiratory virus, then you're going to get you'll get relief by I use the Neil Med bottle to with a little squeeze, put saline solution and stick in the microwave for 30 seconds, heat it up to so it's nice and a nice temperature.
And then you add the two and a half milliliters of
uh, chlorine dioxide and, uh, and rinse, rinse, rinse.
I love this.

[SPEAKER_00]
I love this topic because I can't afford to be sick.
And so my, my secret weapon is NAC.
Uh, I just, when I feel any of those little tickles or sneeze or something, I just do high dose NAC throughout the day and it like usually kicks it.
Um, but you know, it just, everything works differently in everyone's bodies.
So, uh, but this is very intriguing.
I want to,

[SPEAKER_02]
Definitely look forward to this.
Yeah, it's really quite, quite powerful.

[SPEAKER_04]
So I think the attacks on chlorine dioxide are bigger than ivermectin.
The war on chlorine dioxide.
Oh, yeah.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
He says, uh, PR Corey has a Corey scale.
It's a measure of how the establishment is trying to kill something.
And he said that, uh, you know, so if, if people, uh, get murdered, um, that's a hundred points.
And if they're, you know, so there's this whole scale of how many points you get, uh, for each kind of action.
He says, uh, chlorine dioxide is infinity on the Corey scale.

[SPEAKER_00]
I love Corey.
He was here today.
He wrote a book.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_02]
That's great.

[SPEAKER_00]
I'm going to have to read it.

[SPEAKER_02]
I'm going to fire off a couple of questions.
One.
We got to talk about the inconvenient study, though.

[SPEAKER_04]
Oh, yeah, yeah.

[SPEAKER_02]
All right.
So so there's this movie called An Inconvenient Study.
You guys put it together like super fast because Ron Johnson pulled the trigger on the study that Dell knew about for years.
And he told a few of us like me who knew about it early.
And then finally, Ron Johnson got wind of it.
And Ron Johnson decided to pull the trigger and introduce it into the public record, into the congressional record.
which then brought it into the public domain and then you guys had a scramble because you wanted to get the movie out at the same time as the study was being released.
Tell me about that process.
That happened over just a few months and you put together a documentary that was absolutely spectacular and you got all sorts of threats from the Henry Ford Health System to cease and desist and all this.
What was going through your mind?
Do you have any regrets?
Were you worried at any times?
Tell us the backstory on that.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, we did have a short amount of time to complete it.
I think films could take six months to a year normally in this case.
But we had been talking about this the past year of how we wanted to create something like this.
Timing is everything.
And, you know, there was a lot of a lot of things that had to happen in order for us I mean the documentary was the final thing it was really about getting the study out to the people and trying to get it published I mean that was what was really like the hold up it's like let's get this published the right way so that it can come out so.
I don't have any regrets.
I'm really proud of our team.
I think that I always joke that we produce a documentary every week on the high wire because our shows range from an hour and a half to two hours and it just feels like we're making a documentary every week.
And so we were kind of primed to pull something off like this.
My incredible director, Chris Armstrong, really took the bull by the horns.
And we just started grabbing our interviews as quickly as we could, crafting it, you know, the hidden camera footage.
We sorted through it and really, you know, had all hands on deck to to make it happen.
And and, yeah, I think
when we were watching, we both saw the film and the premiere together, because I saw you after.
And I've always worked in television.
And I've never, you know, I worked on documentaries early in my career, but I never sat in a movie theater to watch it with anyone.
And it was such a palpable, beautiful moment to sit there and hear everybody really responding in real time to this film that we had worked up into the very second, basically, that we delivered it to the DGA theater in LA.
didn't have any time to even process that that was then going to happen.
And what would, you know, I knew it was good.
I knew it was really good.
I called my editor the morning that we finished it with tears in my eyes and just was crying and said, thank you.
Like we've done what this is, this is all that I've been, you know, we've been doing on the high wire, but it's all in this one piece and everyone that worked on it put their heart and soul into it.
So,
sitting in that theater was just, it was a lot to take in because it was a quick journey that took a lot out of us.
And it's really, people are responding like crazy to it.

[SPEAKER_02]
How many people worked on that film at the time?

[SPEAKER_00]
At the end of the day, I mean, there's a lot, really like the core production was, I would say four people, five.
And then, you know, we had, we pulled in everybody else to kind of like, you know, we had a lot of B-roll and different things, all the different, you know, visuals.
So it was like our bigger team that like jumped in when they could on the outside of that.
And then we have a whole social, you know, we have social media people and, and, you know, marketing is what it's all about too.
And so we were very like bootstraps over here.
And so everybody had, you know, multiple jobs and multiple hats they were wearing.

[SPEAKER_04]
How many views?
Or didn't miss a beat the whole time you were working on that.
Yeah, yeah.

[SPEAKER_00]
Right.
Yeah, that was the other thing.
On top of that, I was, you know, trying to make sure the high wire.
I mean, I don't feel like we missed a beat.
We didn't miss it.
We've had a lot of beats we could have missed over the past couple of years because Dell was off doing, you know, he was with Bobby really focusing on his campaign and then Maha.
And and so we had to really hold down the fort.
And I think that just made us even stronger as a team.
So when this came up, we were like ready to go.

[SPEAKER_02]
How many views?

[SPEAKER_00]
Gosh, I think it's 25 million plus, I believe, right now.
Wow.
Yeah.
the feedback that I'm getting that I just love.
It's just those stories of my dad would not listen to me about this.
He's a doctor.
I finally got him to watch this and he is sharing it with all of his friends now and or a couple that, you know, we're going to vaccinate.
They just had kids and they're totally taking a pause on that.
And I just, I keep hearing stories like it's doing, it's doing it.
Well, you know, we just really,
It's not just I don't feel like it's in the echo chamber that I mean, it is in the echo chamber, but it's it's getting outside of it.
And it's just the beginning.
I feel like this is one of those sleeper, you know, films that can just keep going, keep going and getting out.
And it will just crack that box.
Yeah, yeah, definitely.
And it's like to me, it's like the next vaxed, you know, in a way, just the way that it can lay everything out and and open people's minds.

[SPEAKER_02]
So did Zervos contact you and say that he wanted to be interviewed and added to the film?

[SPEAKER_00]
We did not hear anything from Dr. Zervos.

[SPEAKER_02]
And he wants to be interviewed by Dell on the high wire?

[SPEAKER_00]
We would be completely open to that.

[SPEAKER_02]
Oh, you would have jumped at it.
Are you kidding me?

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.
Look, yeah, Dell.

[SPEAKER_02]
Or anybody from Henry Ford, right?
Did you reach out to their PR department and invite them to appear on the high wire?

[SPEAKER_00]
I think we did.
And we reached out for a comment in the beginning and got back the same comment they were sending to everyone.
But that was all the communication we got from them.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
I would guess you're not surprised by that reaction.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, it sounds like a very, you know, that's the way the world works.
Just shut it down and keep it, I think, enclosed.

[SPEAKER_02]
It's like, you know, say nothing.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
I had a conversation with the CEO of Henry Ford.
I texted him.
He was kind enough to respond, very polite.
And I told him, you know, there's, there's evidence showing that the study is legit and he had an opportunity to be a hero.
And I never heard from him after that.

[SPEAKER_00]
Oh, really?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_00]
Oh, well, but I'm good on you for, you know, I tried trying at least trying.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, I tried.

[SPEAKER_00]
Hopefully he saw the film.
I'm like, you know, I really just feel like if people see this one, I should ask him that.
I should ask him if you saw the link and then convenience.com.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, I will.
I will do that after the after this call.
I will.
I will definitely do that.

[SPEAKER_04]
Jen, are you able to get any mainstream reviewers, film reviewers, to look at the film or write a review?
Have you had any write-ups from the mainstream media?

[SPEAKER_00]
We have not, I don't believe.
That's a really good question.

[SPEAKER_02]
15 million?
Wait a minute.
So 15 million views.
Is that what you said, or did you say 25?

[SPEAKER_00]
Over 20 million.
Yeah, 20, 25.

[SPEAKER_02]
I can't remember.
Over 20 million.
So what does a top movie in America do in terms of the number of views?
Yeah, I mean, would you know what the numbers are?

[SPEAKER_00]
I don't.
They only talk about usually how much billions they made.
Right, right, right.

[SPEAKER_04]
But but you know, Olivia, do you know documentaries generally don't do all that well?

[SPEAKER_02]
No, no, no, no, no.
No, like a top movie, you know, something with Tom Cruise.
Oh, yeah, like Top Gun.
How many how many people will see that?

[SPEAKER_04]
Those are called blockbusters.
They make right.
You know, they revenue hundreds of millions of views.
Sure.

[SPEAKER_02]
But but yeah, how many?

[SPEAKER_04]
What's the streaming services actually have those numbers and they're they're in the million, you know, hundreds of millions of views worldwide.

[SPEAKER_02]
Hundreds of millions.

[SPEAKER_03]
OK. All right.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, you know, 20 million for a top cruise film, you know, but 25 million for a documentary is long.

[SPEAKER_02]
And you're not getting any any press coverage on it.
You know, that's insane.

[SPEAKER_00]
It's yeah, we're definitely getting censored big time.
I mean, we have so many people saying I'm just trying to share this on Facebook and it will not share like a physically will not and then you know, if you post anything with it on there, it will get like three likes when a normal post would get hundreds.
So what are you really we've always we're always up against the wall that we've always been like that.
I mean, we got caught.

[SPEAKER_02]
We got no censorship on Facebook, folks.

[SPEAKER_00]
I mean, we're used to this.
This is what happened to us.
What was funny is when we got kicked off of YouTube on the high wire during COVID, it was really around the time where we were really talking about hydroxychloroquine, which to us was just so funny that that's what we got kicked off of like for promoting a pharmaceutical, which
you know we're not really that's not really where we stand most of the time but um somehow like that was controversial to them i don't know i think it was maybe a long time coming but yeah we were we were kicked off of youtube and facebook and um and we we do have the film on youtube again
And it's got like 150,000 views.
And that's the only thing we've ever put on it.
So that's kind of, that's been a nice little fun perk to have it on that space again.
And people are just organically finding it.

[SPEAKER_04]
I hope more do.
I want to get to a couple of audience questions, because I know you've got to leave soon, Jen.
And I've got many people asking, how did Jeffrey Jackson wind up at the high wire?
Where did you find Jeffrey Jackson?

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, Jeffrey, he came on board before I started, but I've heard the story.
I think he was at an event that Dell was at and Jeffrey had, he was actually, he wanted to be a doctor.
So he was in like pre-med and went down the rabbit hole of vaccines and like his eyes were open and then he just kind of shifted and said, I don't want to be a doctor anymore.
Um, I've got a report on this and I'm trying to remember what his initial, um, he was, you know, just started reporting on things and, and went up to Dell one day and they started chatting and, um, he was definitely not like an on-camera personality when Dell met him and Dell kind of pushed him out and said, you could do it, buddy, get out there.
And, uh, and Jeffrey took to it and the rest is history.
So I think, um,
Yeah, he's great.
I love his...
his demeanor on camera.
He you know, and he he really takes his segment every week.
And I mean, he's always he's out of Boston.
So I rarely see him.
He was here today for the show.
I'll ask him to come in for certain episodes just because we had a studio audience.

[SPEAKER_02]
So thought it'd be fun for them to see 60 people in the studio audience.
How did you get how how did people get a ticket for that?
Did they advertise that, hey, the high wire be open for for
Because normally you don't have a studio audience.

[SPEAKER_00]
No, we don't.
We've always talked about it, but we haven't ever pulled it off.
And because of the CHD event this weekend, there are people in town.
And and so and then we had some other friends of the high wire that were coming.
So we thought, let's just let's try it.
Let's do it.
And we put people out on the stage and and it turned out really well.
It was good.
It was people were excited.
To I mean, it's all big fans.
So they watch every week and you know People love to we have a lot we have people that come and sit in the control room every week almost We've got somebody is in there in the back row watching and getting the kick out of it Sometimes you hear some I mean, there's a little there's always something going on.
You're gonna hear a couple maybe curse words and What the hell?
Yeah today
Yeah, today we had a couple fumbles, some cameras got wonky, Jeffrey walked out on the stage like from a wrong entrance, caught us all off guard, things like that.
But I try to, I mean, I'm quite a perfectionist and live TV is hard to be perfect.
So you gotta let a lot of that stuff go.

[SPEAKER_04]
From inside the studio, it was all perfect.
From those of us in the audience, I was fortunate enough to be here for the tape.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, I'm glad to hear it.
I'll take it.

[SPEAKER_04]
I have another question from Janet.
What's a typical day like inside the high wire when a major story breaks?

[SPEAKER_00]
Well, we all jump into the war room together.
It's like a big conference kind of room and we get like our other researchers on the phone and we all just start to chat and really investigate because a lot of stuff comes across our desk.
Everybody gets real excited.
You know, everyone's kind of starting to report on something.
We've definitely we get metered in that moment because we don't want to jump on a story and get swept away, you know, and and something that we don't have a lot of concrete evidence.
So we have been known in the past to not cover certain things that people really, really want us to talk about because
We just don't feel like the facts are there yet, and we don't want to overstep.
So, so yeah, I mean, it's kind of all hands on deck.
Every Monday we have a big meeting where we really go through like what's happening in the world across the world, like, and just it's a three hour meeting where we're just downloaded with.
you know a lot of it could be depressing but just to really know what is happening and then and then from there we we sift through we distill it down and Tuesday we get like a clear picture and every day it gets a little bit more refined until Thursday and we do that every week I call ourselves adrenaline junkies like on Monday it starts off slow
slower Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday fever pitch back down again.
And I've been doing that for years, because that was my schedule at the doctors.
We taped every Thursday.
So just running up that hill every week.

[SPEAKER_04]
So you get Thursdays from the doctors.
That's why you're on Thursdays.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, well, Dell had chosen Thursday.
I think he probably was Thursday shows too at the doctor.
So maybe that just felt like a good rhythm for him.
And I love that schedule.
It gives you time during the week to get it all done.
And then Friday, you can kind of decompress and get all the things done that you didn't do because you're too busy producing a show.

[SPEAKER_04]
Excellent.
And I'll do one more.
What moment in your career are you most proud of, one that reminded you of why you do this work?

[SPEAKER_00]
I mean, I do think the thing that sticks out is an inconvenient study premiere.
It was just it was such a release of of a really hard work that
And just to see people's reaction and know that it touched so many hearts and that it was going to actually, you know, expand out of that.
That was such a beautiful moment.
And, you know, Del and I won an Emmy back in 2010.
That was cool.
That was really cool.
But it wasn't, it didn't mean as much because it's not attached to
something that really, I feel like, is changing lives.

[SPEAKER_02]
And so... Was that for a particular episode on the Doctors or just the whole series?

[SPEAKER_00]
It was the whole series.
It was for Best Informative Talk Show.
And so, yeah, it was kind of like that year.
And that is the year we went to Haiti.
We did two episodes out of Haiti that were like, they were really amazing.
But yeah, there's something totally special about the work we do here.
And that just to be, because we're just in the studio, we're in our little offices out here and, you know,
Texas doing our thing.
Dell's out on the road a lot.
He gets a lot of feedback.
But us back at home, we kind of live in our own world.
And when we're out there and we do hear from the people, it's an incredible feeling because we feel like we're doing good work.
And then when we hear it from other people, how it affects them.
I don't know I'm sure there's plenty of moments I mean we've pulled off a lot of miracles and have a lot of amazing shows and like amazing guests and all of our covert reporting I'm just so proud of.
But there is something there was really something special.
And even the q amp a after the.
the the
it was a surprise and I joke that's always the way it is when I'm this is probably the first time I've been on camera where I actually got a heads up at the doctors I used to always get called up on stage for various reasons and I never know that it was happening and you know just be like Jen wait come on out here and they want to ask me about some story I've done and so usually it's a surprise but it was a beautiful surprise.

[SPEAKER_02]
So what would you do if you were notified that the Highwire was nominated for an Emmy Award?

[SPEAKER_00]
I mean, cool.
Great.

[SPEAKER_02]
Would you think, come on, someone's pranking us?

[SPEAKER_00]
I mean, yes, I probably wouldn't believe it.
But I do see a future where our work does get recognized in a more mainstream way.
There's no way it couldn't be.
It could be 20 years from now.
I don't know.
But we're living in the truth here.
We're doing
we're doing God's work.
So I just, I know that it'll be recognized at some point.
And even if it doesn't, I don't care.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, well, I've talked to Dell and I ask him, what do you think, what's it going to take?
What is it going to take to crack the nut here where people finally realize that they've been had?
Because all of this stuff is so obvious.
And his response was, every time I thought I had it,
I was wrong.
Does that, does that ring a bell?

[SPEAKER_00]
I mean, it's, it's a grind for sure.
I mean, but every step is a little bit closer.
You know, I feel like we've rocked Goliath back even farther.
You know, every time he's getting tired.
Exactly.
Totally.

[SPEAKER_04]
New people, new viewers that were blind or not, you know, sort of like those of us who came over during COVID or like yourself before.
Do you get emails from people that find you and go, oh my God, I had no idea.
Thank you.
Like, what percentage of your audience weekly is new?
New.

[SPEAKER_00]
That's a good question.
I don't know.
I mean, I get emails forwarded to me when they have people reach out with stories or, you know, I don't I don't really have too much involvement in how many just new members we have or new people watching, but I would assume.
It comes in waves, for sure.
I think we have a lot of new viewers right now.
We got a ton of new viewers during COVID.
I mean, that was crazy.
We went from like 100,000 people watching to millions watching.
And they all found us organically as we were getting deplatformed.
So I think this film has definitely brought in a lot of people.
I know that we've
We collected lots of emails and like have a new, like, you know, tens of thousands of new people that are now connected to ICANN and are getting daily or weekly, you know, emails, just really letting them know what we're up to legally and all of that.
So it's working.
We're bringing in new people every week.

[SPEAKER_02]
How often do you talk to Erin Siri out of curiosity?
He's a busy guy.

[SPEAKER_00]
Depends on the week.

[SPEAKER_02]
Depends on the week.

[SPEAKER_00]
I might not hear from him.
And then others, I'll hear from him a lot.
We usually talk probably once a week for various reasons.
He just had a book party recently.
And so we were chatting about that because I was getting a camera out there to film his night.
And yeah, during the film, we had lots of conversations.

[SPEAKER_02]
I can imagine.

[SPEAKER_00]
How often do you talk to Aaron Seary?

[SPEAKER_02]
Not enough, I try to not bother him unless I need to.
He's usually pretty responsive though and he's a very busy guy and he does great work and I bought his book and I loved reading about the Zervos study where they admitted that in fact it should have been, he talked to the authors and the author said, yeah, there's nothing wrong with this study.
There's something very, very sinister going on here.

[SPEAKER_00]
Oh my gosh.
I love Aaron.
He's one of my favorites.

[SPEAKER_04]
He'll be joining us in a few weeks on VS4F Live.

[SPEAKER_00]
Love it.
Yeah, he's great.

[SPEAKER_04]
Jen, I know you have to go, so I just wanted to say A, thank you for coming on.
I feel just privileged to have you on our show.
And the work you do is top-notch.
I mean, so good.
And our side needs more people like you, but you are a superhero in my book.

[SPEAKER_00]
Oh, thank you.
I appreciate you and Livia, we worked together in the past and you're so sweet and so helpful and loved working with you and Angela on your team is a doll and Lisa and I've only I only have great things to say about your whole team Steve because it's all about how we work with each other and.
That's the only way that we're going to do this is if we all like Jordan forces and everybody has their strengths.
I'm doing what my strength is.
I know how to make TV and keep that ship going.
And everybody if everybody stays and does what they're best at, like, we've got momentum, we've got wind behind our backs right now.
And so I just appreciate you guys having me on to share.
I hope that somebody got something from this interview.

[SPEAKER_04]
Absolutely, for sure.
Definitely.
And thank you for letting me use your control room tonight.

[SPEAKER_00]
Of course, yeah.
And thanks to all the guys that stayed to light me up.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, thank you, Paul, for sticking around.
Great job.
Her color balance is the best.
Pristine.
Thank you.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_00]
Good job, guys.
You can stay another day.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thank you, Jen.
Everyone else, hang in there for a second.
I got a couple of little announcements and a brief video at the end.
Steve, what an amazing woman and what an amazing team they have here at the Highwire.
Just incredible and so privileged to be here.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, no, absolutely.
It's an amazing setup and they do just incredible work.

[SPEAKER_04]
And before we close, I want to remind you that VSRF is powered by the people.
We don't have corporate sponsors or government grants.
Every show, every guest, every voice we amplify exists because of you.
If you want to see VSRF still standing strong in 2026, producing these conversations, supporting the vaccine injured and defending medical freedom, we need you now more than ever.
So please let me pop this up on the screen.
Take a moment tonight to give whatever you can.
Go to vacsafety.org backslash donate, or click the link in the chat right now.
Janet will put the link in.
Help us keep the lights on, the cameras rolling, and the truth flowing into the next year and beyond.
Because Steve doesn't fund us, you do.
And without you, there is no VSRF.
Thank you for standing with us, for believing in this mission, and for helping us keep courage and truth alive.
And also, Steve and I will be, along with the rest of the VSRS team, with Nurse Angela and Lisa Lahey and Hillary, we will be here at the CHD Conference in Austin all weekend.
So come on by our booth and say hello, introduce yourself.
Steve, you're going to spend some time on the booth, I would imagine, as well?

[SPEAKER_02]
Sure.
So do you have those misinformation super spreader t-shirts?
We've got those and we've got some new ones.
You do?
Oh, awesome.
I need to buy some.
I should probably buy one for every day, you know, so that it can be fashionable.
Because Steve doesn't fund us, you do.

[SPEAKER_04]
I actually wore one of mine around here in Austin the other night that says, not safe, not effective.
What I learned is that I asked somebody at the restaurant that I was at, what does this mean to you?
And they're like, are you saying something about yourself?
It doesn't mean anything.
To most people where I thought, oh yeah, but no, it's funny.
It's not obvious.
But yeah, so come by.
There's new merch, new VSRF schwag that we'll have at the CHD conference this weekend and then also next week.
Dr. Elizabeth Mumper, pediatrician, researcher, and one of the featured experts in the documentary, An Inconvenient Study.
Dr. Mumper is a leading voice for children's health and informed consent, and she brings decades of experience and compassion to this important conversation.
You won't want to miss it.
That's next week.
Join us.
And then, Steve, I'm going to close off.
I was actually at the Brownstone Institute
gala and conference this past weekend in Salt Lake City.
And Jay Bhattacharya was there, and he received the Brownstone Institute's 2025 Gala Award, or yeah, the Brownstone Award.
And I was lucky to be there, and he just had an incredible speech.
And the man oozes integrity in my book.
And so I'm going to play just a few minutes of his speech as we close out.
And I look forward to seeing you all next week, Steve.
I look forward to seeing you tomorrow, live and in person again.
Always great.
And again, thank everyone here at the Highwire for having us on and for Jen Sherry Perry for being here.
Thank you all.
Thank you.
Have a great night.
And we'll see you all here in Austin.
Bye bye.

[SPEAKER_03]
March of 2020, the schools closed, there's that famous press conference where Tony Fauci stands in front of the President of the United States, becomes the de facto President of the United States, announces the lockdowns.
I remember thinking to myself that once you take this step, that you told people that this terrible disease is going around, you are at risk of dying and that we have to do this extraordinary thing of stopping society, that it was going to be almost impossible to reopen because of the fear induced.
Think back to then, how many of you, most of you probably were already rebels, but if you think back to that time, how many of you thought that the lockdowns were going to be unpopular very soon?
I thought that.
It was one of the many things I was dead wrong about.
Almost immediately it became clear that the lockdowns were popular, deeply popular, that there were only a few crazy people who disagreed.
Let's go back one more month to February 2020.
In February 2020, the establishment was still sane.
COVID was here, but the establishment was sane.
There was a big Chinese New Year celebration, remember that, in San Francisco, and Nancy Pelosi went and hugged a Chinese person, which I guess was the thing to do.
to tell President Trump not to discriminate against Chinese people, also to be calm about this new deadly disease that's going around.
Let's think about it more rationally.
Tony Fauci gave interviews where he talked about how it was a bad idea to wear masks because there was no evidence behind them.
Remember that?
There were op-eds in the Washington Post that were almost identical to the Great Barrington Declaration, published in February 2020.
published by prominent Harvard professors, not Martin Kuhlendorf, by prominent people saying, we should just protect the vulnerable.
And don't panic so much.
The Great Barrier to Declaration was just the standard way we dealt with pandemics, going back basically a century.
Right?
In 1968, there was a massive pandemic that struck the United States, the Hong Kong Flu.
And I was not actually here for that.
But Jeffrey, maybe you were, I don't know.
Do you know how we dealt with it?
We had Woodstock.
We were so much more sensible then.
