[SPEAKER_06]
Put down that gun, boy Don't blow your life away We're gonna need you Make it through the day They put it to you They put it in your head Made you believe that You'd be better off dead
Don't let the fear drive you wild We lost the love, man I was proud to
They locked you down, boy, made you green, boy.
Turn up the T, throw your ball away.
Don't you remember what your daddy used to say?
Don't break the heart.
of your child Don't let your fear drive you wild The pain you feel cuts me to the bone
There's someone else here, someone who can't move She don't know if you'll be coming home again Don't break the heart of this child Don't let your tears
Don't let your tears
don't let the

[SPEAKER_12]
Tonight on VSRF Live, as chronic illness and neurological developmental disorders skyrocket among children, many are beginning to ask the question, was Dr. Andrew Wakefield right all along?

[SPEAKER_14]
Andrew Wakefield in 1998 published a paper in the journal Lancet claiming that the combination measles, mumps, rubella, or MMR vaccine caused autism.

[SPEAKER_15]
Measles, mumps, and rubella given together.
Maybe too much for the immune system of some children to handle.

[SPEAKER_14]
He was well-spoken, he was charismatic, he was dramatic, and he cared.

[SPEAKER_02]
Questions were raised today about the safety of the combined mumps, measles and rubella vaccine, showing a possible link with a bowel disease which could lead to autism.

[SPEAKER_08]
Look, the guy who triggered all of this, the granddaddy of the anti-vax movement,
Andrew Wakefield.

[SPEAKER_15]
There is a much more important issue at stake and that is the well-being of the children of this country and the world and they many of those have lost their voice or have no voice and it's up to those of us who care about these issues to speak for them.

[SPEAKER_12]
Hello and welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm Livio Sanchez and I'm so glad to be here with you this evening.
Tonight, we're diving into a story that has been debated for decades, distorted by the media and weaponized by institutions, but never truly silenced.
We're honored to be joined by the legendary Dr. Andrew Wakefield.
We'll walk through Dr. Wakefield's extraordinary journey from doctor and researcher to whistleblower to filmmaker.
We'll explore the explosion of chronic illness in children, the buried science behind the childhood vaccine schedule, and the deeper truths revealed in his latest film, Protocol 7.
But first, I'd like to welcome founder of the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation, Steve Kirsch.
Steve, welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you this evening?
I'm good.
Great to see you.
I'm excited for tonight's conversation.
We have not had Dr. Wakefield on yet from my recollection.
I don't think so.
This is a first.
One of my heroes.
Yeah, and one of my heroes, but because I'm a filmmaker as well, editor, producer, and I love having filmmakers on as you know.
Andy's last film, Protocol Seven, is just a powerhouse of a film.

[SPEAKER_07]
No.
And before we... That's an awesome film.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah.
Before we brought it on, I thought I would share the trailer.
So let me get it queued up.
I'm going to play the trailer for Protocol Seven and then we will bring on Andy.
Here it is.

[SPEAKER_03]
He was an orphan of conflict in Africa.
He was smart and bright.
And then we got him home and he crashed right in front of us.

[SPEAKER_05]
Apparently, we're in the midst of a month's outbreak.
Another?
Some people, some very important people, are saying our vaccine does not work.

[SPEAKER_04]
You're gonna want to read this.
We have a U.S. monopoly and a major share of the world market for MMR.
And we own the only one that works.
Except that it does not.

[SPEAKER_05]
We all sign contracts, gentlemen.
Company interests above all others.
Make it work.
They fake the data.
It's all there.

[SPEAKER_04]
They cheat it on every level.
You said you're a lawyer.

[SPEAKER_03]
Family law.

[SPEAKER_04]
And you want to understand why.

[SPEAKER_03]
Let me see it.

[SPEAKER_04]
They couldn't get the result they wanted, so they re-engineered it.

[UNKNOWN]
Not objective to improve the vaccine, but find something that gets them the result they want.

[SPEAKER_05]
Fix it, gentlemen.
96%.

[SPEAKER_03]
The vaccine fails, we're all out of the job.
It has failed.

[SPEAKER_04]
You need to get what's going on here.

[SPEAKER_03]
Is he in danger?

[SPEAKER_04]
Internal memos were released.
Quote, we may have to seek them out and destroy them where they live.
Chilling notes.
And yes, he is in danger.

[SPEAKER_03]
What about Eshaal?

[SPEAKER_04]
Your son and every other son and daughter depends on whether or not you choose to live by their rules.
Incineration.
Immediately.

[SPEAKER_05]
Can we trust him to keep it together?

[SPEAKER_03]
Were you aware?

[SPEAKER_05]
Some tests included the weakened strain, I believe.

[SPEAKER_03]
And did you approve?

[SPEAKER_05]
I guess so.

[SPEAKER_03]
Were you aware of the lab's failure to demonstrate efficacy of the mumps vaccine, a level required by the FDA?

[SPEAKER_05]
No, to respond to the FDA's concerns.

[SPEAKER_03]
And leave a dangerous vaccine on the market.

[SPEAKER_05]
Dangerous?
Objection.
Strongly recommended booster shots.
Of course you did.
What have they got?
Right, nothing is what they got.

[SPEAKER_03]
Would you please identify this document for us?
Please identify Exhibit 2 for me.

[SPEAKER_04]
We've got stuff.

[SPEAKER_03]
Exhibit three.

[SPEAKER_04]
This is a confidential document.

[SPEAKER_08]
Objection.
These were shredded.

[SPEAKER_04]
It's a protocol.

[SPEAKER_08]
They've got the sheets.
They've got the evidence.
I was told they didn't have.

[SPEAKER_04]
No one will ever believe them again.

[SPEAKER_12]
I'd like to welcome the director of Protocol 7, Dr. Andrew Wakefield.
Welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you, sir?

[SPEAKER_15]
I am good.
Thank you very much.

[SPEAKER_12]
So great to have you here.
I'm going to read your bio for those few that don't know who you are about you.
Dr. Andrew Wakefield first drew global attention in 1998 with his Landsat study on the MMR vaccine and autism.
In the process, he discovered a major new disease, an intestinal condition linked to neurological injury in children.
but his commitment to following the science and asking difficult questions came at an extraordinary cost.
For pursuing possible connections between childhood vaccines, gut inflammation, and neurodevelopmental disorders, Dr. Wakefield lost his position at London's Royal Free Hospital
his country, his career, his fellowships, and ultimately his medical license.
However, he'd never backed down.
In the years since, Dr. Wakefield has become a symbol of what it means to stand firm in the face of censorship and institutional backlash.
Dr. Wakefield has re-emerged as a powerful storyteller and filmmaker.
He's a longtime advisor to whistleblowers within government and industry, the co-founder of Yao Media,
and the founder of Seven Chakra Films.
He's written two books, including the national bestseller, Callous Disregard, now optioned for a feature film.
He produced, directed, and co-wrote the landmark documentary, Vaxxed, From Cover-Up to Catastrophe, in 2016.
In 2020, he released 1986, The Act, a gripping expose on how the government granted liability protection to vaccine manufacturers.
And most recently, he released his first major award-winning narrative feature film,
Protocol 7, co-written with the legendary Tony Rocio.
Welcome to VSRF Live, Dr. Wakefield.

[SPEAKER_15]
It is great to be here, thanks so much.

[SPEAKER_12]
Before I release you and Steve to the conversation, I want to remind anyone, everyone in the audience, if you have questions for Dr. Wakefield or for Steve, put them in all caps in the chat and when I return, I will get to as many questions as possible.
All right, take it away, Steve.

[SPEAKER_07]
So many questions, so little time.
So let's move quickly here.
So we've all heard, or at least most of us have heard the phrase Wakefield was right.
And I happen to be among many other people who agree with that.
So it's just an honor and a privilege to be sharing the stage with you today.
So let's start off with the movie, because the movie was just absolutely fantastic.
And I'd like to know, how has the movie done?
How many people have seen it?
Have you recovered your cost to make it?
How much did it cost to make it?
And tell us about the lawsuit.
because the movie sort of leaves you hanging.
But I know that things things happened after the movie was released in terms of the court judgments.
And maybe we can talk about what happened and why that happened.
But so, you know, first, how's the movie done?
How much did it cost?
Did you recover your your costs and what happened in the lawsuit?

[SPEAKER_15]
movie cost, thanks Steve, the movie cost about I guess about four and a half million to make and the guys did a great job on cinematography and everything.
It kind of looks like a 20 million dollar movie which was a credit to them.
How it's done in terms of
Financially getting its returns.
It hasn't yet got its returns.
It's been heavily censored and that's a large part of that Wow, it has it's won 34 film awards, which is dangerously close to being respectable 34 isn't that like a shouldn't it be like a record?
It's it's it was very pleased but that wasn't the reason we made the movie I didn't think it would win anything given the
controversy but there we are you know and uh it's it's it's a fantastic film for those people who haven't seen it it's absolutely fantastic uh uh how can people see it today okay so if you go to um yao tv yao dot tv um you can watch it there you can also watch it on uh wakefield media group dot com so go to wakefield media group dot com and you can stream
and very soon we'll have an abundance of DVDs.
People still love DVDs, amazingly.
I think they feel that at least they've got some hard copy should things get really censored.

[SPEAKER_07]
Is the movie free?

[SPEAKER_15]
It's we're trying to recover our costs at the moment so we can make the next movie.

[SPEAKER_07]
So, uh, there's a small price to pay for it, but um, Yeah, well well worth it I can tell you it's a it's a riveting film.
It is so well done.
It is amazing You only it only cost uh, four million.
It looks like it's a uh 20 or 30 million dollar production the production values on that film were were incredible It was just really really well done
So tell us about the lawsuit.

[SPEAKER_15]
The lawsuit is interesting.
So I held off making this movie for many years.
It was written in 2012 with Terry Rossio in LA.
We finished it off and I wanted to get it out there, but the court case was underway.
The court case was dragging on.
I wanted to give it time to play out.
It dragged on and on and on.
And in the end, I decided, look, this vaccine is still out there on the market.
It's being used.
People are being deceived.
The government's being deceived.
The doctors are being deceived.
People need to know, and it's time to make this movie.
It was a high-risk strategy because, you know, we had some of the evidence, but as it turned out, we didn't have all the evidence.
And I'll come to that.
But what happened is we went ahead, we made the movie, and then the documents were released.
The case was documents were released made public and we read those and what we realized is that the fraud that was committed was actually worse than we had characterized in the film.
We only captured part of the story and the expert.

[SPEAKER_07]
So you're maybe guilty of misinformation then.

[SPEAKER_15]
It was what we had available to us at the time of making the movie.
The information only became available later after the movie had posted.

[SPEAKER_07]
Much worse than you portrayed.

[SPEAKER_15]
Much worse than we portrayed.

[SPEAKER_07]
What happened was... By the way, can you elaborate on that?
Because I'd really love to know.
The movie is pretty bad.
It shows the drug company having very dirty hands in faking the data and so forth.
I can't imagine it being worse than what was in the movie.
So what did you discover from the documents that's worse than in the movie?

[SPEAKER_15]
I think one of the most significant things was the complicity of the government, the FDA and the CDC, knowing that there was a problem and continuing, allowing Merck to get away with what they got away with, because they don't want to cast a pall over the credibility of vaccines or indeed vaccine policy makers.
And so they maintain the posture, at least publicly, that this was unknown to them, that this information had not been disclosed.
that they would have acted on it had they known and none of that turned out to be the case.
They did know a lot.
What happened in the case itself is that the judge found in favor of Merck.
Now, this is astonishing, OK?
Because in the case itself, Merck never denied committing fraud.
They didn't deny it at all because it was cast iron.
They had their own employees saying they committed fraud.
All of the documents said they committed fraud.
The experts, including Robert Malone, said, and the ex-head of the FDA,
said that they committed fraud in the greatest, most exquisite detail.
Merck never denied that.
But they said it doesn't matter.
It doesn't matter because the government knew.
And the government, in the form of the CDC, went on purchasing this vaccine, which they knew to be defective for their Children's Vaccines for Children program.
And so because they went on purchasing the vaccine, it cannot have been...
Sorry, let me turn that on.
Can you silence that for me?
They went on purchasing the vaccine, therefore the judge ruled in Merck's favor that, yeah, it's fine.
Effectively, you know, go ahead, commit fraud, deceive the public, deceive everybody, rip off the public purse, but it didn't matter because the government knew.
So here you have a situation, Steve, where you have a major pharmaceutical company, the FDA, the CDC, and now the judiciary complicit
in this fraudulent act against the interests of the American public who are paying for this vaccine.
Absolutely staggering.
And if the movie had not been made before the court case was settled, it would never have been made and the public would have no access to this kind of information.
So I'm so glad that the timing of the movie was as it was despite heavy criticism.

[SPEAKER_07]
But now you need a sequel, right?
Where you expose that the CDC knew and all of the evidence that you uncovered, because that is not well known.
What you've just said, I didn't even know about it.
And we've talked, because we talked after I saw the movie.
And I called you and we had a nice discussion about it, and you relayed that.
But I didn't know just how deep the corruption ran.
But they're using the same defense in the Pfizer trial, because there was fraud in the Pfizer trial.
And they're saying, yeah, but the government knew.
So it's OK, and we should dismiss the case.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, it's absolutely disgraceful.
And thank God, Bobby Kennedy is in place at the moment and that that may well change.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, so this is a judge trial and not a jury trial.
Why was it not a jury trial?

[SPEAKER_15]
Very good question.
I think they opted for a judge trial probably due to the complexity of what was going on.
But that's the situation, unfortunately.

[SPEAKER_07]
So let's switch topics.
Is there any vaccine that you would recommend?
I think I know the answer.

[SPEAKER_15]
I tend not to give advice or make recommendations.
The only honest thing I can say
is that if I had a child today, a baby today, would I give them any of the vaccines currently on the schedule based upon their safety profile?
No, absolutely not.
I would not do that because the safety profile is appalling and the appropriate comparison of vaccinated versus unvaccinated, the gold standard studies have not been done.
And so the answer is I would not give it to a child if I had one today.
And beyond that, that's my position.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, well, I think Brian Hooker would disagree with you.
He co-wrote with RFK Jr. on the studies.
He lists 10 papers published in the peer-reviewed literature that compared the vaxed with the unvaxed, and they all come out in favor
of the unvaxxed as being healthier.
So there are 10 papers, one of which was retracted, of course, but there are nine remaining papers still in the peer-reviewed literature where they compared the vaxxed versus the unvaxxed, and the unvaxxed always do better than the vaccinated.

[SPEAKER_15]
I'm so glad you brought that up because you're absolutely right.
When it comes, I mean, my perspective was from the government's responsibility for making sure these vaccines were safe in the pre-licensing phase before they would put into children, and I should have characterised that more clearly, but you're absolutely right.
People like Tony Mawson, Brian Hooker and others have done excellent studies which
clearly indicate that there is a causal association, not a cause, you can't say that they're the cause based on epidemiology, a causal association between vaccines.
And you also have a dose response effect.
So the more you get, the greater the risk.
And we've just seen this with the COVID shot as well and heart complications.
So very powerful information that has been systematically disregarded.

[SPEAKER_07]
So we opened the show with Paul Offit talking about you.
And so it led me to ask the question, have you ever spoken to Paul Offit?

[SPEAKER_15]
I don't think I have, no.
I'm not sure he'd want to talk to me, but I haven't spoken to him.
And if his was the opening voice of that,
piece that you played the very opening.

[SPEAKER_07]
Oh, yeah, no, that was definitely Paul Offit.

[SPEAKER_15]
It was completely wrong.
I published a paper claiming that MMR vaccine caused autism.
I did nothing of the sort.
The conclusion of the paper was this does not prove an association, let alone a causal association between the vaccine and the syndrome described.
More work is required.
So Paul Offit got it run right out of the gate.

[SPEAKER_07]
So, Olivier, am I right?
That was Paul Offit?

[SPEAKER_12]
You are correct.
That was Paul off its voice.
He's actually, he was, you see his face, uh, in, in the video that it was a, it was a, uh, a piece done by the BBC and they interviewed a few people and Paul off.
It was one of the voices, but I cut out all the bad things he said about you, Andy.

[SPEAKER_07]
Oh man.
That must've been a lot of cutting then with a lot of editing.
So I,
I want, yeah, it would be really interesting.
Like I would pay for a seat to watch that discussion between you and Paul Offit.
Oh boy, that would be really something.
So you're certainly aware of triplets getting autism within hours of each other.
To my knowledge, there's only one case of triplets getting autism within hours of each other.
Is that correct?

[SPEAKER_15]
That's the one that was characterised by Polly Tommy, I think, wasn't it?
With the family and they told the story that that is not that cannot be coincidence under any circumstances.
That was they were exposed to the vaccine and within a very short space of time, they felt like dominoes.
all developing the same complication, the same tragic syndrome.
So, no, I mean, that should be proof enough in itself.
Right.

[SPEAKER_07]
It should be for any thinking person.
The only time in history, right?
Are you aware of any other incident in history where triplets get autism within hours of each other?

[SPEAKER_15]
And the teaching of thought historically has been that children don't regress.
They've always been autistic from birth.
This was classic.
I mean, this was completely different.
This was a kind of child that we saw time and again.
That is normal development, normal developmental trajectory, absolutely fine, and then catastrophe.

[SPEAKER_07]
So nobody can deny this.
I mean it's like you have this rare thing that has never happened before and it just coincidentally happens within a few hours after the kids are all vaccinated with multiple vaccines.
So how can the medical community
say that the only thing we know for sure is that vaccines don't cause autism because that's the one thing we know for sure because of the triplets.
So how can they deny this?
It's so undeniable.
It's one of these things where it's like, come on, you have to be brain dead not to see this.
What's going on here?
How do physicians rationalize this evidence?

[SPEAKER_15]
But they don't get to see it in the same way.
And I'll give you an example of that.
And that was with the story of VAXT.
Back in the early 2000s, I came over to testify before Congress, the oversight committee on government reform on the autism epidemic.
And I went to meet with the CDC and members of the FDA at Cold Spring Harbor.
And they said to me, Dr. Wakefield, every child gets MMR.
Only a few get autism.
How do you explain that?
Well, that actually, Steve, is part of medicine.
Many people smoke.
Not everybody develops lung cancer.
Great example.
I said, I believe it's pattern of exposure.
It's not just that you get the vaccine.
I believe age of exposure is critical.
Now, post-COVID, we're all aware of the fact that age is a major determinant of how severe your COVID is.
The older you are, the worse, the higher the risk.
So people are now familiar with this concept that age of exposure is a cofactor.
Well, with MMR, I believed it was younger age of exposure.
Why?
Because with natural measles, if you get it under the age of one,
you're at much greater risk of a serious adverse event than if you get it over one when intuitively your immune system's more developed.
So they went away and they tested that hypothesis.
They found it to be absolutely true in a study in the Atlanta metro area.
And they spent the next 14 years destroying the documents, covering it up, publishing a paper saying it's safe to go back in the water.
MMR is exonerated.
Wakefield was wrong.
and deceiving the public, putting millions of American children and by proxy children around the world at risk of serious permanent neurological damage.
Why?
To protect themselves and to protect their reputations.
That's why, and that's what happened.
And then William Thompson came forward as the senior scientist on that study who'd designed the study, collected the data, analyzed the data, and said, we have committed fraud.
I can no longer live with this.
Here is the original information, all of the results, which I kept.
My colleagues destroyed them.
Here they are.
And it was on that basis that we were able to make facts without any fear of the CDC suing us for defamation.
one word of one hint of something that was false or defamatory we would have been sued to the moon and back again there wasn't a whisper not a whisper steve why because they knew it was true and so the public the cdc everybody else is being denied
access to that information and so they can persist in the belief that vaccines don't cause autism and the same happened with thimerosal as well as you well know so the behavior is an absolute disgrace and that's why people are now being appointed to the to HHS who are able to say I can see no evidence that vaccines are associated with autism why because they've been deprived of that evidence

[SPEAKER_07]
No, absolutely.
And I'm friends with William Thompson.
And I'm looking forward to him being invited to testify before Congress, because he actually did testify before Congress earlier.
And it was in a closed session.
And all records of that are sealed.
What does that tell you?
So for people who don't know the story behind Vax, basically the CDC scientist William Thompson was ordered by his superiors to destroy all evidence linking vaccines and autism so that they could write a paper about a study done in Atlanta.
And have a clean bill of health and say vaccines don't cause autism and they were able to get away with it because they didn't talk about any of the data that linked vaccines and autism because they were ordered to destroy it.
And Thompson had second thoughts about that.
And then he had a conversation with Brian Hooker
revealing what had happened, and they have suppressed that to this day.
So we're now 20 years later from knowing that vaccines cause autism by CDC's own study, and I'm still seeing in CNN that we don't know what causes autism, but the one thing we know for sure is that vaccines don't cause autism.
This is ridiculous.
And I just don't know when we're going to see an end to this.
You know, when is the truth going to come out?
What do you think?

[SPEAKER_15]
What's it going to take?
Steve, you know what was interesting?
William Thompson texted my wife and he said, if we'd been honest, if we hadn't committed fraud, we could have saved your husband's career.
Well,

[SPEAKER_04]
You know, thanks, William.

[SPEAKER_15]
He then, you know, refused to go public, so we had to go public on his behalf.
But it doesn't matter about my career.
No, I was a consenting adult.
I knew what I was getting into, at least to some extent.
What matters is these children who've been damaged, the children already damaged, who are not going to get compensation from the vaccine injury compensation system because the government had denied the link.
And those in the last 20 years, as you point out,
Who've been injured as a consequence of these vaccines and who go on getting injured in order to protect the cdc And its employees a disgrace so I was going to ask you if you had any regrets, but I don't think you do Um, but you know, of course your career was destroyed.

[SPEAKER_07]
I mean they destroyed your reputation they they mercilessly uh destroyed your reputation and uh
And also the reputation of others and other people sort of said, oh, I didn't do that.
That was, you know, that was Wakefield that did that or, you know, there's finger pointing and all this.
Do you have any, is there anything that you would have done differently if you hadn't do it all over again?

[SPEAKER_15]
I think, you know, subtle differences, subtle differences in presentation and things, but these are, you know, things that as a junior doctor you, and no regrets, no.
And I was able to deal with it because, I mean, there were some difficult times, some very dark times.
I won't pretend there weren't.
You know what?
One day I was out in southwest Texas, right in the Badlands, in Bandera.
And there was no ambient light.
It was the middle of the night.
I'm looking up at the sky.
And all I could see, Steve, were millions and millions of stars.
And this was a moment of particular sort of it was going really badly for me.
And I looked up at the universe at these billions of stars.
And I thought, you know what?
I'm really rather insignificant.
What happens to me doesn't matter at all.
So get over it.
What matters is what happens to these children.
I've got a voice.
They haven't got a voice.
So be that voice.
and stop complaining, get on with it and get the job done, at least to the extent that you can.
And that was a great moment because it lifted this huge weight off my shoulders and allowed me to actually apply myself to the matter at hand.
And from then on, it was much easier.

[SPEAKER_07]
So do you think anything has changed since, you know, when you first notified the world about your work, do you think things have fundamentally changed or are they still stuck in the vaccines are safe, vaccines don't cause autism, the flu vaccine works, COVID vaccines are safe?
I mean, like,

[SPEAKER_15]
has anything fundamentally shifted in in your mind you know absolutely steve you know when i first got involved uh 30 plus years ago there were perhaps a handful of people worldwide prepared to discuss the thorny issue of vaccine safety now it's more than half the adult population of the world
And the things that have changed that, one, the pandemic is evident to everybody.
There are so many children who have this condition, which was historically rare, autism, that everybody's aware of it.
Everybody's familiar with someone either in their family or amongst friends who has an affected child.
It becomes self-evident.
The other is
Film.
Film, in my opinion, in the clinic, I could help one child at a time.
Making a movie, you can help tens of thousands of people at once by educating them on the facts.
And so as long as you're judicious and maintain your integrity making those films, then that's been a game changer.
And Vax, as we've been talking about, was hugely influential in that setting.
The other one is COVID.
Of course, COVID has changed the minds of so many people.
People who, historically, just take Peter McCullough, for example, the world's leading cardiologist, the most published cardiologist in the history of the world, was pro-vaccine.
Then he came out against COVID vaccine.
Then he did his homework, as good scientists should do, and said, none of the vaccines have been tested safely.
I'm taking a position against all vaccines.
This is people have woken up in extraordinary numbers globally, and I couldn't have believed, and I doubt you could, that only a year ago, even a year ago, that Bobby Kennedy would be in the position he's in now.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, I still can't believe it.
Absolutely.
Awesome.

[SPEAKER_15]
And people who are frustrated with Bobby, because they don't believe that things are happening quick enough, bear in mind that you've got almost every single member of the Senate and at the House of Representatives is funded by the pharmaceutical industry.
They get their campaign funds in large part from the industry.
The media, the mainstream nightly news networks are owned by the pharmaceutical industry.
So he's got a real uphill battle.
And he will win because he's very, very clever, knows his facts and is indefatigable.
He's not gonna give up.
He's gonna pursue this to the end.
So give the guy a break.
He's making huge strides.

[SPEAKER_07]
No, absolutely.
And for people who have seen the ACIP meeting and you think that the new ACIP committee is being easy on the CDC, you would be correct.
And there are reasons for this stuff and some of these reasons we can't talk about, but things are moving in the right direction.
How many people have seen the VAXT and how many people have seen Protocol 7?

[SPEAKER_15]
You know, I have no idea, Steve.
You know, there are so many outlets now that's streaming it, including the illegal ones where it's been bootlegged.
God bless them.
You know, I just couldn't tell you.
I kind of moved to the next film and put that in the rearview mirror.
Yeah, absolute numbers.
No, I don't know.

[SPEAKER_07]
So when do you think it'll be mainstream that we'll hear Paul Offit admitting that, OK, I was wrong.
It looks like vaccines do cause autism.
Sorry about that.
I was misled by the medical literature and blaming it on something.
When do you think that day will come?
Do you think it will never come?
When do you think most mainstream doctors will acknowledge that vaccines cause autism?

[SPEAKER_15]
I think when hell freezes over, Paul Offit will admit to it.
But mainstream doctors are coming to our side, to this side, to the side right in droves.
That's happening.
And unfortunately, many of them are being made examples of, like Peter McCullough.
They lose their jobs, just like I lost my job, lost my career.
It's the simple solution.
get involved in this, then this is what will happen to you, and that there's a way of deterring anyone else from getting involved.
But despite that, there are doctors out there with integrity, and they are saying, I don't care.
You know what?
This goes against everything that I trained for, that I believe in, and I'm going to do the right thing, whatever the cost might be to me.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah.
By the way, I heard of an interesting method used by one of my Substack readers to kind of get to the truth of whether the vaccines cause harm.
And what he does is when his pediatrician says that the pediatrician wants to give the vaccine to the child,
What he does is he pulls out an agreement saying that the doctor will be financially responsible if anything, if any harm happens to that child.
And the doctor will be responsible for the rest of the child's life in terms of paying compensation.
And he's never gotten a physician to sign that liability acceptance for these safe and effective vaccines.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yes, that tells you a great deal.

[SPEAKER_07]
It does, doesn't it?
And the ACIP committee hasn't revoked the flu vaccines yet.
But there have been a couple of pretty impressive studies, one done in 2005, the other one done in 2020, the Anderson discontinuity study, and then the first one was an NIH study that Cheryl Ankitzen talked about.
And it shows very clearly that the flu vaccines don't work.
So I'm hopeful that the ACIP committee will
take action against that one because there's not saving any lives and and the flu shots definitely kill people there is no doubt about it and of course the covid shots have killed hundreds of thousands of people so let's see new films what what do you have what do you have in the hopper right now

[SPEAKER_15]
Well, we just got back from Okay, here's the story Steve.
I was never gonna make a movie about kovat.
Okay had no interest whatsoever Why where do you start?
Where do you be?
It's absolutely huge and There are 200 2000 perhaps unemployed screenwriters in Hollywood Penning that story right now.
I had no interest in getting into
And then I was persuaded by a friend of mine in Thailand.
He presented me with an extraordinary story.
And I sat down and wrote the screenplay with my wife.
We went out there for four months.
We shot the movie.
We've been back.
We're now in post-production.
So despite my better instincts, I made a Covid movie.
It was such a pleasure working with the Thai actors.
They were outstanding.
I mean, really, I was so pleasantly surprised.
That was a wonderful experience.

[SPEAKER_07]
When will we get to see it and when we get to see the trailer?

[SPEAKER_15]
I don't know.
I just don't have a timeframe for it at the moment, Steve.

[SPEAKER_07]
Sometime this year?

[SPEAKER_15]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_07]
Awesome.
Really looking forward to it.
So Livio, let's open it up for questions and get some dialogue going here.
I bet people have a couple of questions.

[SPEAKER_12]
They do.
I'm going to start off by actually
Wanting to get your take, you guys were talking about Bobby and he made a statement this week that shook the health and medical freedom movement.
I don't know if you were aware of his statement about wearables.
If you saw that clip where he said what he wants is for all Americans, his vision is for all Americans to have wearables within the next four years.
And I was curious your take on what he said.

[SPEAKER_15]
I apologize, Livia.
What is a wearable?

[SPEAKER_12]
Steve actually uses them.
So Steve, maybe you can explain to Dr. Wakefield what a wearable is.

[SPEAKER_07]
So something like an aura ring where you put it on at night and it measures your pulse, it measures your body temperature, and it tells you when you wake up, it'll predict whether you're going to have a good day or a bad day.
your body temperature is a great predictor of whether you have an infection.
So it can tell you, oh, your body temperature is elevated by two degrees.
And when that happens, you probably have an infection going on and should probably break out the chlorine dioxide and start using it.

[SPEAKER_12]
Or a Fitbit that measures your heart rate, how many steps you take, or an Apple Watch has that capability, anything that you usually put on your wrist.
or a ring that measures all of your health data?

[SPEAKER_15]
It sounds like carrying my mother around with me all the time.
I can promise you that I will never wear a wearable.
I can absolutely promise you it would increase the level of anxiety in my life for totally unnecessary reasons.
I mean there's enough going on as it is without

[SPEAKER_07]
I'm going to have to try to convince you that these aura rings are really, really helpful.

[SPEAKER_15]
I don't need to be told how little exercise I'm doing and how much more I need to do to stay healthy.

[SPEAKER_12]
My question is that his vision is for every American.
Is that some sort of a mandate?

[SPEAKER_07]
uh... no no he's never going to mandate uh... that i think it's it's an uh... uh... it's a it's a vision that uh... that that people uh... monitor their health and and and try to help because i mean like the aura ring it tells me you know it's it sort of nags you because you're always looking to get the the the king uh... on the on the sleep or on the uh...
uh, your readiness, uh, they have their little crown and if you get above 85% you get a crown and so you get these these subtle rewards to get more sleep and so forth and And you can never cheat the ring The ring basically knows that you didn't get a good night's sleep And you can also look at the ring and you can see the gaps you can see oh my I was sleeping fine and then I've got this like one hour gap and
And so forth and and also you when you change your habits you go to bed earlier For example, you'll be able to get those the crowns and if you go to bed at 2 a.m Like I did last night It's gonna be tougher to get
those kinds of positive rewards.
But you know, your body pays for it.
And essentially, the aura ring is basically allowing your body to have a voice.
And I think that's really important because, you know, if you don't have your health, it's it's, you know, that that's the one thing that you can't instantly correct.

[SPEAKER_12]
I appreciate you sharing the benefits and I agree there's really good benefits to tracking all of your metrics.
However, I want to ask again, should the government
have access to your personal health data by wearing a wearable and giving it to insurance companies?

[SPEAKER_07]
I think that should be your choice.
And there's benefits, right?
If you shared your data with the government, the government can say, oh my gosh, too many Americans are getting four hours of sleep a night, and they can get more insight.
So look, for me, I don't care.
If the government asked me to share my
My sleep data with them anonymously, I have no problem doing that.

[SPEAKER_12]
If it's anonymous?

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_12]
What if it's not?

[SPEAKER_07]
It doesn't need to be, there's no need for them to tie it to an individual, right?
The aggregate data is what's interesting, not, oh, let me check on Steve's sleep.
It's the aggregated data that can be used.
It's just like when I look at record level data from the Czech Republic, I got records on every person.
I got record level data on the Japanese.
And I did my analysis technique on the Japanese data, the Medicare data from Connecticut, the Czech Republic data.
So I have record level data from three different places.
And I can tell you that record level data shows that COVID vaccines are kill shots.
And the data is valuable.

[SPEAKER_12]
Dr. Wakefield, your pulse went up to 120.

[SPEAKER_15]
You took two hours last night.
What were you up to?
I'm not telling you.
So you admit it though.

[SPEAKER_07]
No, no, but sharing anonymized information.
I think that data transparency is really important.
It might be highly useful information.
It'd be really interesting, for example, if the government could monitor our rings in aggregate and see, oh, wow, we got a lot of people with tachycardia
ever since those COVID vaccines rolled out.
I mean, it would be an incredible source of health data.
Stuff like that.

[SPEAKER_15]
There was a study when they first, in Australia, characterized the risk of sleep apnea and sudden infant death following the vaccine, following the pertussis vaccine.
There would be a situation where it would be fascinating if you got that sleep data, that pulse respiration rate data, and you did it on babies in response to getting a vaccine or not.
That was how they picked it up.
They weren't expecting it, but they observed a clear relationship between sleep apnea, serious sleep disturbances and exposure to the potassium vaccine and that would be a useful piece of data to have.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yep, and we actually have that data so we know there is a connection and it explains why the SIDS deaths
that you have most of the SIDS deaths happening within seven days of a vaccine.
And despite that, and despite knowing that, the police still like to press charges, criminal charges, against the parents whose children died.
There is a case recently, and Angela knows the details, and I don't know,
Angela, are they pressing criminal charges against these parents?
So the parents had twins and the twins got vaccinated at the same time.
They had to go to the ER after getting the vaccine and then they died within seven days after getting their health check.
shots at the pediatrician.
And all this is documented.
And I think the DA wants to press criminal charges, but I don't know if they actually did.
Angela, can you unmute for a second and tell us?

[SPEAKER_00]
Yes, I'm unmuted, Steve.
So they are still considered suspects.
And like you said, the twins were 18 months old.
They got
three vaccines at the same time.
One of them was the flu shot and the father's side of the family had really bad reactions to the flu vaccine and that was expressed during the pediatric visit and they let them know that the flu vaccine was safe
to give to these twins, even though the twins had the genetic material of their father, who couldn't take a flu vaccine.
And within 24 hours, both of the babies were in the emergency room.
In the ER documents that I went through, along with Pierre Corey and Brian Hooker, the ER doctor also admitted that they were having a reaction to the immunizations and were given Tylenol.
and sent home.
And they were sick for the rest of the week, diarrhea, vomiting, bile, listless, lethargic.
And on the seventh night, they both passed away.
And instead of getting help and empathy for what happened, they were brought in and questioned for two days straight before we were able to find the parents and attorney
And they're still considered suspects.
It's been they passed away on May 1st.
They have not been cleared.
And it's really, really, really catastrophic.
You know, this is a clear case of, you know, vaccine deaths.
And the police can't seem to understand.
how they could have died at the same time.
And so that's their rationale for, you know, keeping them as suspects is that how could they have died at the same time?
Well, they were, they're twins.
They were vaccinated at the same time.
They had a reaction at the same time.
They were given Tylenol at the same time and they died at the same time.
And it's very clear to all of us.
And so we're very fortunate for Dr. Ryan Cole
because he is doing an independent autopsy.
So, but yeah, it's really horrific, Steve.

[SPEAKER_15]
The problem is compounded, Steve, by the fact that historically in these tragic, tragic cases, which are a complete violation of natural justice, that in the court cases against the parents for Munchausen syndrome by proxy, they are not allowed to bring up the evidence of vaccination.
They're not allowed to discuss vaccination or the vaccine reaction.
I mean, it's loaded against the parents in the most disgraceful way, all intended to protect the vaccine program.

[SPEAKER_07]
And I'm not surprised.

[SPEAKER_12]
OK, I'm going to move on to some audience questions, even though I want to reiterate my feeling about everyone wearing wearables.
I hope Bobby, in the future, clarifies that statement.
It definitely left me feeling a little bit unnerved.

[SPEAKER_07]
He didn't say the government wants people to wear wearables so we can monitor them.

[SPEAKER_12]
He just said his vision is for every American within four years to have a wearable.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, but he wants to give people information about their health.

[SPEAKER_12]
Um, you know, you've all Noah Harari.
who wrote the, what was that, oh God, he wrote a history book on, I forget the name of the book, it's not popping into my head.
I created a little montage today because I was that like,
unnerved by that statement that features Yuva Harari, Susan Manares, who now works for the government, and then Bobby at the very end.
I want to play that because I'm just curious to get your take on this little montage I made of three different people talking about this kind of stuff.

[SPEAKER_10]
Now why is data so important?
It's important because we've reached the point when we can hack not just computers, we can hack human beings and other organisms.
Now what do you need in order to hack a human being?
You need two things.
You need a lot of computing power and you need a lot of data, especially biometric data.

[SPEAKER_08]
What we have seen so far, it's corporations and governments collecting data about where we go.

[SPEAKER_10]
who we meet, what movies we watch.
The next phase is the surveillance going under our skin.
The most important development of the 21st century is this ability to hack human beings, to go under the skin, collect biometric data, analyze it and understand people better than they understand themselves.
This
I believe is maybe the most important event of the 21st century.
By hacking organisms, elites may gain the power to re-engineer the future of life itself.
Because once you can hack something, you can usually also engineer it.

[SPEAKER_11]
If you can actually integrate the patient, individual patient information, integrate it into the larger understanding of patients or individuals with symptomology similar to them that is extracted from electronic health records or from other sources of information.
whether it's wearables or community health information related to various health related social needs, social determinants of health.
Imagine all of that integrated.
And so that when you go into a clinical care setting and you have X, Y, or Z symptomality, your clinician can understand in five to 10 minutes through a generative AI, through a modeling capability.
We actually don't think Bob has the flu.
We think Bob has something else.
And it is incredibly well informed.
And so Bob walks out of there knowing that his best course of treatment is going to be the next 10 things and how he's going to get those things because you've actually introduced him into the clinical care pathway that is most meaningful for him.
Bob is going to have a much better health outcome than he would have had he had to go to a serial number of engagements in a clinical care setting.
and not having the right diagnosis month over month over month, potentially year over year over year, which we know happens.
And so in this particular case, Bob is going to be much healthier, much more quickly than he had delayed diagnosis in a not optimal treatment regimen.

[SPEAKER_13]
Their diet, about their physical activity, about the way that they live their lives.
We think that wearables are a key to the MAHA agenda, making America healthy again, and we are gonna, my vision is that every American is wearing a wearable within four years.

[SPEAKER_12]
Thank you, Mr. Secretary.
So there's my little montage.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, it's not, we wanna spy on you by any stretch.
It's we want to do things to help you to improve people's health.
That's what he's all about.

[SPEAKER_12]
That's what I hope.
That's what I still hope for.
But I want a little clarification.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_12]
Next time you chat with him, it'd be nice to know that it's not going to be some sort of a mandate for every American within the next three years.

[SPEAKER_07]
No, I don't even have to ask him on that question.
I know him too well.

[SPEAKER_12]
OK.
All right.
Well, let's hope let's hope it all works out for the best.
Let's move on to audience questions.
First one comes from Dino Man Rumble for Dr. Wakefield.
So does the triplets prove that it's genetic related?
The vaccine reaction is genetic?

[SPEAKER_15]
It could do.
It doesn't prove anything, but it certainly raises the question, is there a genetic predisposition to an adverse vaccine reaction?
And certain scientists, certainly at the Mayo Clinic, have done work suggesting that it is genetically encoded, but it's pervasive.
It's so pervasive.
Nature conserves genes usually for a reason.
They are there for a reason.
And what unmasks a susceptibility is an environmental change, and that can be the vaccine.
So without the vaccines, those triplets may well never, in fact, very unlikely to have succumbed in the way that they did.
So it doesn't prove anything, but no one has ever suggested that autism or the risk of autism following exposure to vaccines doesn't have an underlying genetic predisposition.
But one should be very, very careful in interpreting that as a genetic defect, because as I say, nature conserves genes over millions and millions of years for very good reasons.
And sometimes those are
advantageous genes that then become susceptibility genes because we change the environment.
So no, it doesn't prove anything but raises an interesting question.

[SPEAKER_12]
Thank you for that response.
Question from Paul Rasmus.
Andrew, can you call out Paul Offit for a debate challenge?
How much did your film impact the MMR sales?

[SPEAKER_15]
I could do potentially.
I don't think it would ever happen.
I'm busy making films now, and I think that might provoke him into wanting a debate at some stage.

[SPEAKER_07]
But he doesn't debate anybody as far as I know.
I don't think he's he'd ever consent to a debate.
He doesn't like to engage with anyone who disagrees with him because they call him out.

[SPEAKER_12]
Exactly.
It would be nice if one one person from that side came over
and just had a conversation, just a conversation.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah.
Where's the person?

[SPEAKER_12]
I know.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah.
We're all willing on our side.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, exactly.
Question from cancer outside the box.
Is the problem the antigenic material or the excipients and additives?

[SPEAKER_15]
I have absolutely no idea.
You know, if my work had been allowed to continue without being sabotaged, I'd like to think that I would have some answers on that particular subject for you now.
The problem is that it's so complex, all right?
It's not only the sheer number of vaccines that children are given and the combinations in which they're given and the age at which they're given, but as you point out, the excipients and other things, the preservatives, this, that and the other that's included in these vaccines,
The potential for a synergistic and additive, a cumulative interaction between these things is absolutely enormous.
And it's so complicated now that dissecting out precisely which element
Or elements are responsible for adverse reactions is going to be virtually impossible.
So a good question, but not one to which I have an answer.
Is it biologically plausible that it's the antigen?
Absolutely.
Is it biologically plausible that it's thimerosal or aluminum?
Absolutely plausible.
And is it possible that it's plausible that it's a synergistic interaction between these things?
Of course it is.
We know that when we add aluminum and mercury together, thimerosal, then the toxicity of the thimerosal is potentiated.
So, yeah.

[SPEAKER_12]
They rolled out Dr. Scott Gottlieb again in the mainstream.
I wish I'd pulled the clip, but he was talking about adjuvants and that there's a push now to change the adjuvants that are out there and retest them and go back to the old adjuvants, which he admitted are not as safe and effective as the ones that are being used now.
So it sounds like the new ACIP panel is trying to
do something about the adjuvants that's in the vaccines currently.
And now they're threatening that if you do that, children will die, even though we know what's happening already with the current adjuvants.
Yeah, that just rolled out.
That just rolled out today.
I wish I'd pulled that clip, but maybe I'll find it during this question for Dr. Laura, Dr. Wakefield.
Could the case in the film go to the Supreme court?

[SPEAKER_15]
Sorry, is that a question for me?

[SPEAKER_12]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah.
No, it couldn't.
The opportunity for that has come and gone.
Yes, it could have, but they decided not to.
That's exactly right.
It could have done, it didn't.
And that's an end to it.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, basically the plaintiffs had spent a lot of money to get to that point, and they were dealt a severe blow.
And this is after what, like 10 years of litigation?

[SPEAKER_15]
More, 15, yeah.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, and so they could have taken it to the next level, but it was like this has been exhausting.
Doing this for 15 years in litigation is exhausting, and getting an outcome where the case is dismissed because the government was in on it, it's like at some point you have to admit defeat even though it's wrong.
Right?
I mean, what Merck did was wrong.
And the cover-up that they did was wrong.
And what the CDC did was wrong.
But it's the government.
And they basically made it so that you can't sue the government or the drug company.
They make the rules.

[SPEAKER_12]
That's exactly right, Steve.
unfortunate but true question from grimy why do the schedule vaccines affect some and not others again no one knows the answer to that it's like why some people get lung cancer genetic predisposition

[SPEAKER_15]
The MMR study done by Thompson showed that age of exposure to MMR was a significant risk factor.
The younger you got it, the greater the risk.
That, too, was seen with thimerosal in the infant hepatitis B vaccine the first day of life.
That was seen in another study that the CDC and the FDA colluded with the industry to cover up.
So there are co-factors that we are aware of.
I suspect there are more that are going to emerge once the science gets done.

[SPEAKER_07]
The short answer is we are not all alike.
It's like why do some people get vaccine reactions and other people don't for any vaccine?
Why do some people get more flu infections than other people?
Because people are different.

[SPEAKER_15]
Why do some people die from the COVID vaccine and others survive?
Why does some develop myocarditis?
We don't have the answers to those questions, but it is a fact of biological nature that that is what happens.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah.
My grandfather smoked till he was like 85 years old and no lung cancer, nothing.
question from early treatment saves lives.
Is it true that the vaccines aren't under the HHS department so RFK Jr. can't take them off the market?
Are they in Department of Defense control?

[SPEAKER_15]
Nope.
No, I don't think they are.
I think that Steve, do you know?

[SPEAKER_07]
No, no, there's no one in HHS.
I mean,
Or if they could take them off the market.
I think what he's doing is he's trying to tread slowly because he doesn't want to get trampled by the media.
He wants to have a really good case against the vaccine.
So he's collecting evidence.
And I have been in touch with some ASAP members to collect some evidence.
Believe me on that.
So, and oh, by the way, Retsef is now the guy in charge of the COVID vaccine subcommittee.
And I'm a really good friend of Redseph.
And Redseph is a great guy.
And he is scrupulously honest.
And he wants to find out what the right answer is.
So I'm going to help him get that.
And I already sent an email earlier today.
I just had to get a little transparency going.
It's going to be fun.
Yes, it is.
Because the CDC,
is can be put in a no-win situation by people on the ACIP committee.
They can simply ask the CDC to do a study on the COVID vaccine and tell us what the study shows.
And then others like people like me can reanalyze the data and show what it really shows.
And so
They're in a no-win situation at this point, or let's put it this way.
The ACIP members can put the CDC into a no-win situation.
They basically say, is the COVID vaccine safe and can you do this study for us and tell us what the study says?
If they say that the study shows that the COVID vaccine has killed hundreds of thousands of people,
then the CDC is being honest and it's over.
And if they say, ah, now it's safe and effective, then we can show, we can have the evidence independently looked at by other people and we can get an objective evaluation and prove that the CDC is incompetent.
So it's all a question of which way they want to fall.
But the ASIP people can pull the trigger on that.
And they're kind of like Dorothy and the Wizard of Oz.
They've always had the power to go and ask these questions and get the evidence.
And it's just a question of clicking those ruby red slippers together.
and making a wish.
What do you do?
Click it three times and there's no place like home, right?

[SPEAKER_12]
Steve, there's actually a question and a comment for you.
A question for Steve.
GreenT369, what's the new vax made from insects Malone was talking about?
Is that flu block?
Is this where they were okay taking thimerosal off?

[SPEAKER_07]
I don't know the answer to that question.
I didn't watch the ACIP committee, so that's a new one.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, I did not even hear about that either, so don't know.
Okay, and then this one statement here.
It says here.

[SPEAKER_07]
But I'll call Meryl Nass because she sits on the whole thing.
Bless her soul.
So she can fill me in.

[SPEAKER_12]
She would have the answer.
Oh, yeah.
L170's gal, Steve, I've had my oars ring since before COVID.
They asked me to share my data with USC hospital employees during all of COVID.
They asked if we were vaccinated or not.
I was not, she says.
That's just a statement, not necessarily a question.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, I think it was with UCSF, because UCSF was partnering with Oura Ring to do a study, because they wanted to find out if they could take the Oura Ring and predict whether people were getting COVID, so that the Oura Ring could be an early warning sign that you're getting COVID, which would be just super amazing.
perfect example of how having wearables, sharing your data, if that data can be analyzed and we can make a prediction of, oh, I'm sensing a pattern that says you're coming down with a COVID infection, then you can take action early.
And I can tell you that taking action early when you have a virus is a lot better than taking action later.
So hugely beneficial, but you won't be able to figure this out unless you have lots of data from lots of people.
And so they had this, I know they were definitely partnering with UCSF because I talked to the researcher there and that was a few years ago.

[SPEAKER_12]
Any thoughts on that, Dr. Wakefield?

[SPEAKER_15]
No, no, I'm still,

[SPEAKER_07]
We still got to get him an aura ring, I think.
And we'll have to force him to wear it, you know.
It's like a forced vaccination.

[SPEAKER_12]
Somehow I just see Andy fighting back rigorously.

[SPEAKER_15]
I don't know why.

[SPEAKER_07]
I'm just joking, Andy.
We're not going to force you to wear the aura ring, but you should.

[SPEAKER_12]
Last question for Dr. Wakefield from Go Tell It On A Mountain.
Dr. Wakefield, do you ever go back to the UK?

[SPEAKER_15]
Yes, I have family that have a 95 year old mother who, by the way, has never taken a medication in her life.
And so I go back to see her, just got back from visiting her.
Yeah, I go back.
The pubs are still good and the bangers and mash is still great, but I don't miss much about it.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, Texas is a good spot to be full time.
Well, Steve, do you have any more questions or thoughts for Dr. Wakefield before we let him go on with the rest of his evening?

[SPEAKER_07]
Unless there's anything he wants to cover, I've pretty much covered the questions I wanted to ask.

[SPEAKER_12]
And Dr. Wakefield, do you have any last final comments or thoughts or remind people where they can find you and your work?

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, I mean, if people want to get hold of me, I'm info at wakefieldmediagroup.com.
Info at wakefieldmediagroup.com.
We've got a new film, which I'm in the process of planning before, you know, pre-production at the moment, and a major feature film, actually a Western, but based on the story about autism.
And if anyone wants to join me on that journey,
I'd love to hear from them.
So info at Wakefield Media Group dot com.

[SPEAKER_12]
And Janet will put that in the chat.
Dr. Wakefield, it's been such a pleasure and just awesome having you here.
A great conversation with Steve.
We really appreciate you joining us this evening.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_15]
Thank you.
And thank you, Steve.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
Talk soon.
Bye bye.

[SPEAKER_12]
And everyone else hang in there.
I got a couple of quick announcements to make before we sign off.
God, what an incredibly talented man he is.

[SPEAKER_07]
And he's such a nice guy, too.
He's smart, super nice guy, and he had the courage to do the right thing.
And he took a lot of flack for that.
But he didn't back down.
I give him a lot of credit.
And his films are just amazing.
I mean, Vaxxed and Protocol 7.
Great, great films, great storyteller.

[SPEAKER_12]
If you haven't seen Protocol 7, do yourself a favor and help support the film and films like this, pay and watch.

[SPEAKER_07]
You will not regret watching Protocol 7.
It is a great film.
And just keep in mind that it's far, the truth is far worse than what you're seeing in the movie.
So, I mean, Livio, you've seen the movie, right?
Yeah, yeah.

[SPEAKER_12]
Usually it's the other way around, right?
Usually they exceptionalize these dramatic stories, but I think the truth is far worse than the drama.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, exactly.
Yes, usually they dramatize and embellish, but in this time they toned it down because they didn't know the extent of how bad
It really was, but it gives you a flavor for how these drug companies work.
I mean, it's a really, really insightful film.

[SPEAKER_12]
And he's really clever, as he said during your interview about not getting sued.
So he's actually very careful and cautious to stay within the truth in his films.
So very well.

[SPEAKER_07]
Very well acted, very entertaining.
It'll rivet you from the moment it starts to the end.

[SPEAKER_12]
And I'm looking forward to his next film because he's just getting better and better as a filmmaker.
And I know he's just now entering the editorial process on his new film that he shot in Thailand.
Before we go, I want to remind everyone that we are a 501C3 and we depend on your donations.
This is how we do the work that we do and your help, your donations help fund
and continue the work that the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation does.
Janet will put the link in the chat, but if you feel compelled to donate today, text BSRF253-555.
That's BSRF253-555 or you can go to vacsafety.org backslash donate.
and many ways that you can help us.
And also just we appreciate you being here.
Even if you can't hit the like button in Rumble and just keep joining us.
And before we sign off, I wanted to remind you about next week's show or announced next week's show.
We have Dr. Tess Lowry, co-founder of the World Council for Health.
She'll be sharing her expert insights and vital updates, which you won't want to miss.
And finally, Steve, I'm going to sign off with the video also from this week's ACIPS meetings.
And this clip is
It's a cut down.
I actually took, it's a 30 minute clip that I found of captain Sarah Meyer and I cut it down from 30 to eight minutes.
I just took out the center of it, but I played, I got the beginning in the end and a little bit about Sarah Meyer.
She is a U S military officer and member of the CDC's advisory committee on immunization practices, delivering public health recommendations in full military uniform.
It's a striking reminder of how closely the lines between military and public health have blurred.
And in this clip, you'll hear the claim that there have been no deaths from COVID vaccines, that myocarditis isn't a concern, and that the benefits outweigh the risks, despite the fact that no randomized controlled trial has ever shown a mortality benefit from these shots.

[SPEAKER_07]
So- And believe me, they're not interested in hearing anything that may counter what they just said.
No, like you want to show us evidence that we're wrong.
We don't want to see it.
That's the way it works.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah.
And that's what's in doc.
Dr. Malone, all the new ASIP members are in the room listening to this, um, this presentation that she gives.
So I'll play a clip of it.
Janet will post the link to the full interview or the full, not interview, but the full presentation in the chat.
If you want to watch the whole thing.
Steve, great job tonight.
Great seeing you.
And, um, we'll see you next week and everyone out there.
Thank you for joining us.
We will have an episode before on the 3rd of July.
So join us again next week.
Have a great evening.
And here's this clip.
Good night, Steve.

[SPEAKER_01]
from CDC who will talk about COVID-19 vaccine safety issues.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_09]
Good afternoon.
My name is Sarah Meyer.
I'm a pediatrician and the director of the Immunization Safety Office.
Today I'll be sharing an update on CDC's COVID-19 vaccine safety monitoring.
The goal of this presentation is to share with the committee how CDC monitors COVID-19 vaccine safety and what we have found through four and a half years of monitoring these vaccines.
Before I get into the details, I want to state the bottom line up front.
CDC and interagency partners launched an extensive vaccine safety monitoring program for COVID-19 vaccines.
Many potential safety outcomes were rigorously assessed through complementary passive and active systems.
Myocarditis has been causally associated with mRNA COVID-19 vaccines.
In addition, adverse events common to all vaccines such as local and systemic reactions and allergic reactions have been observed.
CDC continues to monitor the safety of COVID-19 vaccines.
Vaccine safety monitoring is a key component of the entire vaccine life cycle.
From the preclinical research and development to clinical trials and the reviews by regulatory agencies and advisory groups, safety is evaluated at every step.
After a vaccine has been authorized or approved, CDC safety monitoring begins alongside our interagency partners.
FDA, Indian Health Service, Department of Defense and Department of Veterans Affairs.
CDC uses strong complementary systems in a layered approach to rapidly detect and assess potential safety concerns in order for public health officials and policymakers to take appropriate action.
Most of these systems have been in place for decades, but we are continuing to improve the existing systems as well as identify new systems that are needed to fill gaps, such as V-safe, which was launched to monitor COVID-19 vaccines.
Next, I will briefly describe each of these systems in more detail.
I'll start with the Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System, or VAERS.
VAERS serves as our nation's early warning system for vaccine safety.
This system is co-managed with FDA and involves nationwide spontaneous reporting to rapidly detect safety signals, including rare events.
Healthcare providers and manufacturers are required under the National Childhood Vaccine Injury Act to submit VAERS reports for certain types of adverse events and vaccines.
However, reports are encouraged from anyone, such as patients or their family member.
An important point to stress is that a report to VAERS does not mean that a vaccine caused an adverse event.
VAERS is used for signal detection and hypothesis generation and in most situations is not able to assess for causality.
The Vaccine Safety Datalink or VSD is a collaborative model for generating high quality vaccine safety data.
Thirteen integrated healthcare organizations participate in this network covering around 15 and a half million people per year.
VSD involves active surveillance using electronic medical records and chart reviews.
This allows for rapid monitoring for pre-specified events of interest, as well as for monitoring for unexpected events.
As opposed to VAERS, which is used for signal detection, VSD can both detect as well as assess safety signals.
Another hallmark of the VSD is the strong expertise in this network, which has allowed for the development of innovative methods for monitoring safety.
The Clinical Immunization Safety Assessment or CISA project is a network to guide vaccine safety from the individual to the population level.
The CISA project includes eight medical research centers with vaccine safety experts and subspecialists.
CISA consultants provide individual clinical consultations on complex immunization issues to help guide patient care.
CISA investigators also conduct clinical research on vaccine safety, geared towards real world issues not assessed in pre-licensure trials.
Finally, CISA consultants help to inform CDC public health guidance on clinical immunization safety issues.
Lastly, the V-safe after vaccination health checker is CDC's newest tool and involves direct to consumer vaccine safety monitoring.
V-safe is a smartphone and computer-based self-reported active monitoring system established during the COVID-19 pandemic.
It can serve as the earliest source of information on reactogenicity and other health events for new vaccines and in populations excluded from clinical trials.
For example, V-SAFE provided a conduit to enroll more than 23,000 pregnant women into a voluntary registry to monitor maternal and neonatal outcomes after COVID-19 vaccination.
Because it is flexible and able to be rapidly deployed, V-SAFE is an important tool for emergency preparedness and response.
In addition, V-SAFE is integrated with VAERS to help streamline reporting of serious adverse events.
These systems serve as the foundation for CDC's comprehensive approach to studying COVID-19 vaccine safety.
This approach includes surveillance to analyze spontaneously reported events, epidemiologic studies to assess specific safety questions, clinical research to help guide clinical practice, a pregnancy registry for a longitudinal assessment of maternal and infant outcomes after COVID-19 vaccination,
Rapid cycle analyses to quickly detect potential concerns that require further investigation, data mining to assess for over 60,000 potential outcomes in order to detect unexpected events after vaccination, and patient surveys to assess symptoms and health impacts following vaccination.
Through these analyses, we have not identified any new safety concerns outside of known events including myocarditis and pericarditis, allergic reactions, and common local and systemic reactions.
So to summarize, we have identified several adverse events following mRNA COVID-19 vaccines.
Most of these, including local and systemic reactions, acute allergic reactions, syncope and shoulder injuries can occur with any vaccine.
Myocarditis and pericarditis have been observed following COVID-19 vaccination.
We arrived at these conclusions by evaluating at least 65 specific safety outcomes, conducted data mining of at least 60,000 potential outcomes for unexpected concerns, investigated numerous statistical signals, and conducted many epidemiologic studies.
Our findings are consistent with the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine in their consensus report on adverse effects of COVID-19 vaccines.
This report was commissioned by HRSA and published in 2024.
Over 400 studies on the safety of COVID-19 vaccines were reviewed as part of this evaluation.
NASEM concluded that the evidence supported a causal association between mRNA COVID-19 vaccines and myocarditis, and that the evidence favors rejection of a causal relationship between vaccination and six additional outcomes, including Guillain-Barre syndrome, Bell's palsy, TTS, myocardial infarction, ischemic stroke, and female infertility.
The evidence was inadequate to accept or reject a causal relationship for 13 other outcomes.
In summary, COVID-19 vaccines have been evaluated under the most extensive vaccine safety monitoring program in U.S. history.
Safety surveillance rapidly identified and characterized the risk of myocarditis after mRNA COVID-19 vaccination.
We identified no other confirmed safety concerns except those seen with any other vaccine such as local and systemic reactions or allergic reactions.
CDC continues to prioritize the monitoring of COVID-19 vaccine safety with at least 30 ongoing studies or activities.
Next I'll turn it to Dr. Georgina Peacock to review vaccine coverage and implementation.
Thank you.
