[SPEAKER_01]
The answer, my friend, is blowing in the wind The answer is blowing in the wind
How many years must a man turn his head Before it is washed to the sea?
Yes, and how many years can some people exist Before they're allowed to be free?
Yes, and how many times must a man turn his head
And pretend that he just doesn't see The answer, my friend, is blowing in the wind The answer is blowing in the wind
How many times must a man look up before he can really see the sky?
Yes, and how many years must one man have before he can hear a people cry?
Yes, and how many deaths will it take?
Well, he knows too many people have died The answer, my friend, is blowing in the wind The answer is blowing in the wind

[SPEAKER_00]
Tonight on VSRF Live, we welcome back Senator Ron Johnson, one of the few voices in Washington still demanding truth, transparency and accountability, giving the vaccine injured a voice, challenging federal health agencies and exposing the pervasive influence of big pharma.

[SPEAKER_03]
Why would we have almost 1.7 million adverse events dramatically understanding it?
Why would we have that number of deaths?
It's because these little lipid nanoparticles are distributed all over the body.
They're attaching to cells.
They're turning cells like a heart cell.
into a manufacturing site for the spike protein, which is toxic, and the body attacks it.
It causes inflammation.
That's what myocarditis is.
And the designers of the injection knew it.
And Anthony Fauci knew it, and he lied.

[SPEAKER_00]
Hello and welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm your host, Livio Sanchez.
Thank you for being here with us today.
We've got a very special program and a meaningful milestone for our team here at VSRF.
This is our 201st episode.
And yes, that number is intentional.
It's a little tongue-in-cheek nod to Event 201.
But unlike that one, this isn't a simulation.
Tonight, we're talking about real people, real stories, and real accountability.
And what better way to mark this milestone than by welcoming back Senator Ron Johnson, one of the few public officials who has shown extraordinary courage in standing up for truth, transparency,
and for the vaccine injured when so few others would.
Since the rollout of the COVID-19 vaccines, he's hosted landmark Senate hearings giving the vaccine injured a voice, challenged federal health agencies, and exposed big pharma's influence over science, media, and policy.
As the tide continues to turn, Senator Johnson is calling on all of us to join him
in the next phase of this fight, ensuring that those harmed are not forgotten, that real investigations move forward, and that truth and conscience are restored to medicine, science, and government.
Let's get started.
I'd like to bring on the founder of VSRF, the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation, Steve Kirsch.
Hello, Steve.
Welcome back to VSRF Live.
How are you this evening?
Olivia, I'm good.
How are you?
I'm doing well.
I'm glad you got a little time off.
We missed you last week, but it's great to have you back for this important episode.
Glad to be back.
Great.
Well, let's just bring on right now our special guest, Senator Ron Johnson.
Senator Johnson, welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you, sir?
I'm doing well.
I appreciate you having me on.
It's an honor to have you on and before I send you off with Steve for a conversation, I'm going to read your bio.
Senator Ron Johnson was elected to the U.S. Senate in 2010 after running a successful manufacturing business in Oshkosh, Wisconsin for 30 years.
From 2015 to 2021, Senator Johnson served as Chairman of the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Government Affairs and remains a member of that committee today.
He currently serves as Chair of the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations and is also a member of the Budget, Finance, and Aging Committees.
Senator Johnson was re-elected to his third term in 2022 and lives in Oshkosh with his wife Jane.
They have three children and four grandchildren.
And again, it's my honor to welcome United States Senator Ron Johnson.
A reminder to our audience, we will not be doing Q&A tonight as we are recording this interview, but I will be back to follow up with a few questions.
Take it away, Steve.

[SPEAKER_02]
Senator Johnson, thank you so much for being here today.
You are my hero, number one hero in Congress and really want to thank you for all the work that you've done on behalf of the vaccine injured and people who took the vaccine who may not be injured to get truth and accountability.
I thought I'd start off with the the inconvenient study and I'm not sure how many people know but this was pretty much your making you basically force the the cards here by publishing
that study that Aaron Seary had legally obtained, which had not been made public prior to this moment.
And you put it into the congressional record and that started everything rolling.
So that was a courageous thing to do.
I really want to thank you for doing that.
And I think it's going to pay back big time.
Do you want to say a few words about that?

[SPEAKER_03]
First of all, Steve, thanks for everything you've done.
I mean, you've been a champion and you've done so many interesting things in terms of your online polling and your analysis of different studies, that type of thing.
I mean, nobody else has done what you've done.
problems in this area is neither one of us are a doctor or medical researcher.
So, I mean, unfortunately, too many people in the medical establishment just kind of blow us off.
But they shouldn't blow off all the incredibly interesting things that you've unraveled or revealed in your substacks.
So I really refer to people.
I'm sure people who listen to this probably get your substack.
But again, you've done an excellent job, so thank you for that.
It was the Inconvenient Study.
I love the title of that film that Del Bigtree created.
This is really Del Bigtree and Aaron Seary that kind of prodded the Henry Ford Institute into conducting.
You could almost consider it a dare.
So, okay, if you think vaccines are so effective, prove it.
Let's do a study.
You know, show us that kids who are vaccinated versus those that are unvaccinated are far healthier than the unvaccinated population.
And they kind of took them up on the dare and they conducted the study.
And they said they were going to publish results regardless of what they were.
And then, of course, they didn't publish results.
And when I became aware of this, I started pressing Dell and Aaron quite hard, saying, OK, now, sorry, guys, you made me aware of this.
This is going to be published.
This has to get out in the public domain.
I think to their credit, they were concerned.
Certainly one of the rationales for not publishing the study, Dr. Zervos, his career would be destroyed.
He's talking about it in their candid camera.
interviews over dinner.
I think Dodger McCullough kind of pointed that out as well in the films, that this is going to end his career.
And of course, that's how the COVID cartel, the vaccine cartel, that's how they maintain control is anybody who questions what they're doing,
They destroy our reputation, starting with Andrew Wakefield, who if you hear his story, and I've now had the honor of meeting him.
He's got a couple of great interviews where he just lays it out.
It's outrageous what they did to him.
It's absolutely outrageous.
More people need to understand that.
But again, the whole point of Henry Ford is they conduct a study.
No study is perfect.
I mean, it's hard.
Science is hard.
It's not absolute.
You know, scientific consensus is probably the worst term.
It's the most unscientific term.
Science is skepticism.
But this was important information that should have been made available.
Let people pick holes in it.
But let people say, OK, this is a design flaw and design better studies.
But that hasn't happened.
It hasn't been allowed to happen.
So again, this is, I thought, important to get in the public domain as perfect or imperfect as it may be.
It's important information.
that other researchers ought to look at study and if they have a problem with that study design, design something better with better data sets.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, so I knew about this study maybe six months or so before it was outed and I talked to Dell about it and Dell said that out of respect for Dr. Zervos, he wasn't going to publish it even though he had the
the study.
So I'm sure you probably ran into the same thing when you talked to him.
So I give you great credit for causing this study to move from basically nobody knowing about it to now the world knows about it.
And that is an enormous accomplishment.
Now, we haven't heard anything from Dr. Zervos
Since that study came out about the study and it I've certainly I haven't and many other people with that study and say, you know, there's nothing in this study that would make it on publishable.
nothing at all.
In fact, you know, there's some things that they need to add to the study in terms of the captions on the Kaplan-Meier curve and so forth, but there's fundamentally nothing that prohibits or would not enable the study to be published or submitted
to a peer-reviewed journal.
Why not let the journals decide?
But their institution clearly caused them not to publish it.
And if you read Aaron Seary's book,
his new books, Vaccines of Men, you'll find that he interviewed one of the co-authors of the study and she said there was nothing, she effectively said that there's nothing in that study that could not have been fixed.
In other words, they basically killed that study because they didn't like the results.
So the big question to you is, have you written a letter
to Henry Ford Health System asking for a detailed list of what the issues with the data and the methodology were that are particular to this study and wouldn't be found in any other observational studies that are published in the peer-reviewed literature because I asked them, I sent an email to their media relations and of course I got nothing back.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, you're generally one step ahead of me.
So no, I haven't done that yet.
Listen, I feel bad for Dr. Zervos as well.
First of all, I feel incredibly grateful for him and his team for even conducting the study.
Totally.
And I am highly sympathetic.
I feel guilty.
I mean, these doctors who I've given a platform to, people like Dr. McCulloch,
Peer Corey, you know the names.
Their careers were destroyed.
Now, because they're people of great talent, they've developed other careers for themselves, fortunately, but I don't...
I don't like when I hold a hearing and I give people a platform, I don't like the fact that that platform ends up getting them sued or terminated or their careers destroyed.
So the same thing with Dr. Zervers.
I'm highly appreciative of the fact that he was willing to undertake this study.
And I'm sympathetic with the pressures he's under.
He's devoted his life to
you know, medicine and helping people save their lives and stuff.
You know, he'd like to retire in peace.
He'd like to continue to practice medicine.
And, you know, people like Dr. Corey, they've had their medical licenses threatened.
I mean, deaths would happen to Andrew Wakefield, basically.
He couldn't practice medicine anymore.
I mean, but what a horrible thing to do to human beings.
You know, most doctors, the vast majority, are going to medicine because they want to
help people.
They want to save people's lives.
They don't want the dozens of years of intensive training and experience just all of a sudden be taken away from them.
So, again, I'm highly sympathetic from that standpoint, but at the same time, this is not information that could be suppressed.
And so, again, I hope that he doesn't suffer any consequences for this.
And I'm happy to sit down and talk with him now.
Henry Ford's initial reaction was, I think, write a letter cease and desist to Adele Bigtree and Erin Seary, not realizing that they had the can and camera video.
and they didn't really have a language to stand on.
So I've been kind of laying to see how this process plays out to see whether or not I need any further involvement or whatever.
But again, my main involvement was just forcing everybody's hand, say, no, this has to go out.
I will give you cover from a standpoint of doing it through an official Senate action, a hearing, giving that, you know, hearing, you know, I think that the platform it deserved,
In particular, really exposing how completely uninformed Dr. Jake Scott was.
You know, the Democrat witness, the guy that was going to defend all these vaccines, how ignorant he was of the COVID injection.
I mean, it doesn't surprise me, but it's still shocking that they would put somebody up as their expert witness that literally did not have a clue about all the things we know and has been known for years about that COVID injection.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, that was a great moment with the takedown by Aaron Seary after Jake Scott talked about these thousands of studies and then Aaron Seary had his turn and he systematically dismantled the entire argument.
So this is like what they say versus what happens if they're put up against someone who knows what they're talking about
on the same platform, which you were able to do and accomplish and which is so awesome.
Because when we watch CNN, when we read the New York Times, they're never doing what they're supposed to do, which is to present fairly both sides of the issue.
So I commend you for having that hearing.
And that was just a great moment with that takedown of evidence.

[SPEAKER_03]
Aaron Seary really dismantled the claim that there's all the science behind the childhood vaccines and he took the 700-some studies and whittled them down to basically irrelevancy.
I just asked questions about the mRNA injection.
And he had no clue that it wasn't real, you know, true mRNA, had no idea that the biodistribution studies of this didn't really understand that the mechanism that, you know, I'll say worked.
But he just he literally didn't have a clue.
So on both fronts, childhood vaccines as well as a COVID injection.
I mean, the man was was pretty clueless.
It was it was pretty remarkable.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, but totally expected, actually.
With regard to Dr. Zervos, I have certainly mixed feelings about this.
I'm grateful that he did the study, but I feel that withholding, I don't see how withholding the study results
is true to his oath as a physician to do no harm.
In fact, I've looked it up objectively in these AI engines just to make sure that I'm on the right page here, but basically it's unethical to withhold the study like this where they
don't believe they made any errors and it shows a very troubling signal and so what these people did is is unethical and I think it's very telling that since the movie came out we have not heard a word
from Dr. Zervos.
Now, if the study was really bad, he should just come out and say, hey, I don't know, I've been doing this for years, but I don't know the first thing about doing studies.
And this is a bad study.
I'm glad the institution quashed it.
But we're hearing nothing.
And that to me says everything, that all of these authors on this paper are silent and not saying anything.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, that is one of the ways the COVID and vaccine cartel suppress the information, they just ignore it.
I've had, I think, three excellent hearings.
you know, voice of the vaccine injured, you know, this hearing, our first hearing where we really revealed the documentation where the CDC absolutely did have and admitted they had a signal on myocarditis pretty early on in 2021 and they covered it up.
So we've had three excellent hearings and except for a few targeted hit pieces, one MSNBC, the media simply is not covered.
our hearings, which I think have been excellent.
They provided the public with the kind of information the public needs.
And in the case of the Henry Ford, how many children
How much harm could we have been prevented had parents understood this and start asking questions about it?
I mean, should we really be doing six doses at a time?
I mean, should we maybe be spreading these things out?
Should we maybe delay vaccinating until my child's immune system is a little bit more robust before we start messing with it?
Again, those are legitimate questions for parents to have.
But there are questions that have not been allowed to ask.
As a parent, if you ask them of many pediatricians, I mean, they'll get almost aggressive, is what I've heard.
Just like, who are you questioning me?
I mean, this is what you have to do for your kids.
Or they'll drop them as patients.
Because I think it is true that some of their compensation is based on what percentage of their patients have here the full vaccine schedule.
There's so many elements of this.
that really need to be explored that, again, have not been allowed to be explored, which is, again, one of the reasons that the study was not published.
It's not allowed to.
This is how they suppress it.
This is how parents remain uninformed.
There is no such thing as informed consent when it comes to vaccines.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, what's troubling to me is that professors Zervos and the Henry Ford Health System had an opportunity to be a real hero here.
And they had the opportunity five years ago.
Anytime in the last five years, they could have said, this is the right thing to do.
Let's expose this.
This is wrong.
This study confirms the other nine studies that have been done and published in the peer reviewed literature.
This is not like an outlier or we made a mistake.
This is further confirmation by a health system that has a captive
audience and so they could do a study like this and the results are troubling and instead of being doing the heroic thing which would be to to say this has to stop and we're going to stop it because we have the evidence that shows that they have not been telling you the whole truth
And and we're gonna do it and and they had an opportunity to be true heroes and neither of them the service the.
The staff that wrote the paper war henry health for system itself.
which if the study was defective should have said, hey, let's fix the defects in the study and get this published, this is important.
And they chose to simply back down and just follow the narrative and let somebody else do the dirty work and the kids are paying the price for it.
So I actually did a literature search because I was curious to find out if there's any mortality benefit from the childhood vaccine schedule.
And I found that there was a CDC study
that was done years ago.
And I'm kind of curious.
Do you know what study I'm talking about?
It was a VSD study.

[SPEAKER_03]
I don't know.

[SPEAKER_02]
So here's the thing.
The CDC actually published a paper
saying they did a VSD study looking at the mortality of fully vaccinated versus under vaccinated because it's too hard for them to find no vaccinated.
And they found there was zero mortality difference and they tracked them for four years.
Now when I looked at that I said, wait a minute, VSD like tracks people forever.
So why would they end the study at four years old and not continue it to five years, six years, 12 years, 17 years, 18 years?
Why didn't they have a broader base?
And I think the answer to that is because at four years there was no signal, so they could say, hey, doesn't make a difference.
But at five years and six years, I'll bet there was a signal, so I'll bet there was selective reporting on that.
But the interesting thing is that people are being told to adhere to that CDC schedule.
And they never say, and by the way, there's no mortality benefit from doing this.
This is perhaps the greatest discovery that the CDC has made that they publish the paper, but they don't talk about it to say, hey, you should get all these vaccines and look at the benefit.
There's no mortality benefit.
So there's nothing showing a mortality benefit.
The CDC actually did the study and they found no mortality benefit.
How about that?
Next time you have someone from the CDC in front of your committee ask them about how they explain why states are requiring these vaccines when there's no mortality benefit from the vaccines.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, the problem is the actors inside the CDC, HHS, NIH, FDA,
They may know about these things, but the new folks coming in don't necessarily.
And so a lot of this stuff probably remains hidden.
I mean, again, you're one or two steps ahead of all of us, because you research this stuff, and they can't suppress it all.
And I think it's really interesting.
And I give a lot of credit to a Midwestern doctor who also has an excellent substack.
And he'll go back, and he'll publish an interview with Mike Wallace.
or some of these interviews with Phil Donahue.
You know, back before the 1986 law, what prompted the 1986 law is you had honest journalism.
And they started to take a look at some of these vaccines and the complications from them.
And they were actually listening to the parents, which is all that Andrew Wakefield, by the way, is he just listened to the parents and reported the results.
He didn't say one way or the other.
He just, we listen to the parents as medicine ought to do.
But you actually had honest reporting back then, but once they created that vaccine injury fund, the whole point there was to make it almost impossible to
collect on it.
And then all of a sudden, you went from skepticism in the media to everybody falling in line, particularly when Clinton then allowed pharmaceutical companies to start advertising and control the news media.
Now all of a sudden, vaccines are safe and effective, and you better not say another word.
So it really is interesting to look back before the 1986 law and the real journalism occurring, the questions being asked, which
did create legitimate vaccine hesitancy, his parents started going, whoa, hang on here.
But then a sea change, it's really been in place now for three decades or more.
It's really remarkable, the power they've had and the way they've been able to suppress all this for so many years.
And of course, what Henry Ford should have done,
is they should have, you know, even if the thought is flawed, is laid out, say that this should require additional research.
We need to look into this closer.
But that's not what we did instead.
When I forced everybody's hand and we put that in Congressional record,
They came out aggressively, a cease and desist order to Dell Big Tree.
I mean, again, they were coming out swinging, you know, talking about what a flawed study it was.
But once they had the, as I said, the camera, the Canon camera video, they've kind of, you know, mom's the word right now.
So, you know, that's how it goes.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, you know, I almost wish that, in fact, I do wish,
that Henry Ford Health System will act on their threats to sue Siri for defamation.
Because if they sue Aaron and Siri, Siri will be able to do discovery on them.
And then we'll find out everything.
I mean, that would be the greatest takedown in history when we find out, whoa, they basically said we're not going to approve this study because we don't like what it says rather than the study results.
So we'd actually be able to have that if they sued.
And this is, of course,
why Henry Ford Health system is just doing saber rattling with their cease and desist rather than actually going to go through and try to sue Aaron and Siri.
I mean, that would be spectacular.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, the season assist letter, that's to scare them off, shut them up.
When they find out, oh, it's not going to work.
Now my guess is they'll shut up.
The media will shut up.
And they'll just want to have this story quietly go away.

[SPEAKER_02]
Exactly.

[SPEAKER_03]
Nowadays is because of subsets like yours, because of the alternate media, because of X.
There's a growing army of people who are aware of this and they, you know, they multiply.
Websites like the Vigilant Fox and Chief Nerd, I mean these people, they disseminate to people whose eyes have been opened and more and more people are having their eyes opened and they're starting to question this as well.
So they're not as effective, they're still quite effective, but not as effective in terms of suppressing the truth.

[SPEAKER_02]
Correct.
Yep, totally.
I think the COVID vaccine has, even though it's killed a lot of people, has had an enormous benefit in terms of waking people up and opening people's eyes to what's really going on.
The movie came out, An Inconvenient Study.
It's available for free at aninconvenientstudy.com.
I'm wondering if any of your colleagues
in Congress have seen that movie and come to you and said, Senator Johnson, you were right.

[SPEAKER_03]
No, no, no.

[SPEAKER_02]
I could have predicted that, but I just wanted to ask the question.
So there's no problem.

[SPEAKER_03]
It's very different.
So a problem we all face is the world
you know, our nation, our institutions, the medical establishment, is in a massive state of denial, right?
And particularly with the COVID injection, I mean, members of Congress, they cut videos.
Get that jab, you know, not quite as bad as Steve Colbert there with a bunch of syringes dancing in the background, but probably not that far off.
So, you know, doctors who recommended the COVID injection to their patients.
You know, nobody wants to face the reality that maybe something they pushed or that they recommended
might kill somebody or permanently disabled them.
So the best way to avoid facing that reality is just ignore it.
Deny that reality.
And so we have we have an enormous state denial and I would say when you have the American population was about 70% got the jab.
They don't really want to hear about turbo cancers.
They don't want to hear about, you know, undetected lurking myocarditis.
And people just want to, okay, well, that's, you know, the small percentage of people that the rare instances of a vaccine injury, I'll be fine.
And I just pray to God that people will be fine.
I pray to God that, you know, a lot of these vaccines just simply weren't effective.
I mean, they weren't stored properly, and the MRI broke down, and we in turn,
And people's bodies in these enormous manufacturing, you know, cells into manufacturing sites is something toxic to the body.
Because it is interesting.
I mean, there were definitely hot lots.
The FDA denied that, my oversight letters on that.
But a very large percentage of the adverse events came from a reasonably small percentage of the actual vaccine lots.
I'm hoping most people escaped the turbos, cancers, the cardiovascular issues, the neurological problems, but not everybody did, as you're well aware.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yes, and the unfortunate thing is people who have had their lives turned upside down by these shots.
Has anyone in Congress even seen an inconvenient study, to your knowledge?

[SPEAKER_03]
I doubt it.
You know, I'll send, you know, particularly some of the doctor colleagues.
I've kind of quit doing that because I get no response.
I'm not going to out the doctor, but one of my colleagues, I sat down, I said, do you understand how, kind of like Dr. Jake Scott, do you understand how the mRNA platform works?
And not really.
And so I kind of went through, you know, the bio-distribution, you know, entering the cell, turning it into a manufacturing site, the spike protein toxic, the body attacks it.
And when I was all done, this Dr.
Senator said, well, describe it like that, it's a little concerning.
Well, great.
I mean, I'm happy to like connect you with other doctors.
I mean, people that you'll respect that have medical knowledge to walk you through this.
That individual's never taken me up on my offer.
So they just don't want to know.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
So can you get, can you call people from the CDC up in front of your committee and ask them questions?

[SPEAKER_03]
I'm looking forward to that.
So yes, but you need documentation.
So Bobby Kennedy dedicated to radical transparency, hit a roadblock the first few months.
We finally got the radical transparency.
We got a document dump of over 8 million pages.
I've got basically five permanent staff members.
Okay.
Trying to go through 8 million pages with different searches.
Now we, again, we very quickly uncovered the evidence that they knew and acknowledged that myocarditis was a safety signal and they hid that for a few months.
So we uncovered that.
There were some other things that we're uncovering.
You know the story of Vax where these CDC officials came and they literally brought their evidence of that study that Dr. Wakefield was talking about and they destroyed it.
I mean, in an office, they destroyed it.
You know, one of the, you know, Bill Thompson apparently didn't.
And then he talked to Brian Hooker and kind of the rest of his history is part of the Vax movie.
But that's- Bill Thompson.

[SPEAKER_02]
Bill Thompson has not had his opportunity.
He wants to testify in front of Congress.
Why not call Bill?

[SPEAKER_03]
I'm not so sure he'd make a real good witness.
Again, I need more documentation.
We'll leave it at that.
Our committee is not ready for that yet.
You know, Dan Burton was a trailblazer this 20-some years ago, right?
And all that got lost in the shuffle.
So we have to kind of reengage it.
But they've had 20, 30 years to hide and bury a lot of stuff as well.
But again, for me, it starts with documentation.
Just bring people in front of the committee without me being able to refer to, well, what about this email?
What about this memo?
What about this study?
It says, well, I don't know what you're talking about.
You know, I don't remember that.
So it really does require, it's, the investigation starts with documentation.
Then you start doing interviews.
Then you start holding hearings.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, so I have heard that RFK is trying to make the data that's in these databases, whether it's VSD or Medicare or what have you, and make it public.
Do you know how his progress on that?
Is he being stonewalled?
by people at the CDC, like, you know, they sort of remove the VSD data so that he wouldn't be able to access it, is what I've heard.
But the Medicare data, he should be able to make public and that hasn't been made public yet.
Do you know anything about that?

[SPEAKER_03]
Not specifically, it wouldn't surprise me if he's facing barriers.
Again, there's 16 ways on Sunday they can say, well, you know, we have to anonymize the data, you know, we can't, you know, you know, hit the law, all the type of things.
So there's, again, 16 ways on Sunday that they can throw up roadblock after roadblock after roadblock.
The good news is he's reasonably tenacious.
He's dedicated to doing this.
He's, I think, surrounding himself with people that will be helpful to him, but, but,
You're dealing with an agency, tens of thousands of people, they look at a bobby candy as this too shall pass.
We just got to weigh them out.
We just got to slow roll them as much as possible.
And then we'll get another Democrat president and we can all go back to our fun and games.
Again, it's a real problem.

[SPEAKER_02]
So, um, I'd like to open it up for questions, but before I do that, is there anything else that you could tell us that sort of inside baseball that we wouldn't know that most people wouldn't know that we, that we would want to know or, or, you know, sort of shouldn't know, but, but it would be interesting, uh, uh, for us to know that you can think of off, off the top of your head.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, to me, and I really got involved in this because when they started sabotaging hydroxychloroquine right out of the block there, it's like, what?
Yeah, I was in contact with the head of Novartis who was doing trials on this.
He's highly excited about this.
And then the end of, I think, April, those communications just ended.
He was talking about a dozen studies coming online in May and June and never texted him, never talked to him since that point.
So what happened there?
So the question I've always had in the age of vaccines, and I understand the appeal of a vaccine,
You know, have a shot that prevents a deadly disease for your lifetime.
So, wow, yeah, give me as many of those as possible.
You know, I want to be free of disease.
So, understand the appeal.
The problem is it's not
a bizarre thought to think that something that's going to impact your immune system positively might also impact it negatively, particularly when you're loading up little babies.
Okay, so I understand that.
What I do not understand is why have we given such short shrift to treatment?
And I'll go back, you know, I wrote a little blurb for Dr. Corey's latest book, The War on Chlorine Dioxide.
You know, the follow-up to his war on ivermectin.
You know, excellent books.
You know, A Midwestern Doctor is talking about all these molecules that are out there that, some of them, you know, chlorine dioxide was termed by NASA the universal anecdote.
You know, things like DMSO.
I mean, you know, ivermectin.
I mean, it's like, again, I'm not a doctor.
I can't proclaim this stuff.
I do know that the people I connected that were really sick with COVID, they got ivermectin, and there was just some remarkable recoveries.
It's anecdotal.
Again, it's not a double-blind placebo-controlled study, but to me, we ought to be focusing on treatment.
And I started down this road, my daughter, who was a master of public health, totally pro-vaccine, she read a book called Dissolving Illusions, which, OK, so we pretty well defeated all of these childhood infectious diseases when we stopped living in squalor.
Just improve sanitation, toss in antibiotics.
And again, the instance of these deadly diseases
It wasn't totally eradication, and I don't doubt that some of these vaccines may have completely eradicated some of these diseases, but we were so effective at preventing disease, why don't we focus more effort on treatment?
And across, I don't care whatever disease you're talking about, COVID, measles, all these things, treatment, treatment, treatment, and focusing on these generic molecules that
There's some pretty amazing claims made, but I do know, and I do know, because I saw this sabotage of hydroxychloroquine and ivermectin.
It is completely believable that the medical establishment, Big Pharma, have completely marginalized these things, cancer treatments, that type of thing.
It's highly profitable to be using these chemo treatments and stuff, chemotherapy.

[SPEAKER_02]
Totally.

[SPEAKER_03]
So you can understand why this medical establishment, well, we don't that cheap generic treatment that doesn't have to apply here.
Let's suppress that.
So I think the American public needs their eyes opened.
And we need a CDC.
We need an FDA researching those types of generic molecules in terms of what they could be used for and give doctors the freedom to prescribe them.
Don't destroy their careers.
when they use their off-label prescription rights on a totally approved, highly safe molecule like ivermectin, and we destroyed people's careers, we took their license away for using that in COVID?
Unbelievable.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, I think one of the biggest things that we're missing that could be home run is chlorine dioxide.
Because it can be used for so many infectious diseases.
It's just incredible and it's super easy and cheap to make and it's super easy to administer and it's super safe and it's super effective.
And yet, where is the study
on using chlorine dioxide for COVID, using chlorine dioxide for the flu.
Like, there are no studies.
And so it's marginalized, but it's incredibly safe.

[SPEAKER_03]
You'll enjoy Dr. Corey's book.
You'll really enjoy it.
Oh, yeah.
And just follow up to Warren Iverman, I think it's just an excellent book.

[SPEAKER_02]
So, Ron, have you ever used chlorine dioxide yourself?

[SPEAKER_03]
I, yes, I went out, yeah, I bought some.
I'm actually using it now.
We're gonna give it a try.
I'm using it topically right now.
I'm using DMSO.

[SPEAKER_02]
Uh-huh.

[SPEAKER_03]
Is that working?
Haven't injected, haven't, you know, but yeah, I mean, I've read enough from, you know, if you read Midwestern Doctor there.

[SPEAKER_02]
I do.

[SPEAKER_03]
So I try and plow through those things and, you know, try and cut to the chase on them.
But, you know, these are, I've not had to use ivermectin because when I got COVID, I was asymptomatic.
but my wife has.
So, no, I think this is, I love his, the name of his sub-stack, The Forgotten Side of Medicine.
It wasn't forgotten, it was purposely suppressed.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yep.

[SPEAKER_00]
All right, with that, Livio.
Fantastic conversation.
And Senator, I wanted to follow up on your treatment conversation.
We have a large audience of vaccine injured people, including our dear friend, Amanda Damian.
And she had a question for you because she knew you were coming on and she asked, thank you for bringing attention to those injured by the COVID vaccines.
Do you see a path forward for them to receive actual treatment, even off-label therapies like what you just spoke about?
for the chronic conditions that me and so many others are still struggling with today?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, right now, you know, we're putting fair amount of research into long COVID, which I have to suspect an awful lot of that would probably be vaccine injury or injection injury.
So, you know, hopefully some promising results because I think they kind of focus on the spike protein, which is the nasty part of that.
virus, I think, which is what the body produced and caused the body to attack the cells that produce the, you know, express the spike protein.
So I think there are, you know, even though they're not acknowledging vaccine injury, I think some work is being done there.
There certainly are doctors who are devoting their clinical practice to doing this, but it's
It's experimental.
It's hit or miss.
I'm pretty well connected to the vaccine injury population.
There are some very expensive treatments that seem to be pretty effective, but they are very expensive.
You know, some of these other molecules, there's claims being made.
I'm not sure when you actually talk to the vaccine community that they've seen a great deal of success.
So we need just a lot more research.
But it has to start with an acknowledgement that the vaccine injuries are real.
And that's, again, that's been a, it's been disappointing in terms of,
acceptance of that, acknowledgement by the medical establishment.
Now, again, the population, you can see by the low uptake in the mRNA boosters, people are kind of getting it.
But the medical establishment, again, that state of denial, they just, I mean, they'll acknowledge long COVID.
But they won't connect the fact with that long COVID started like a week after they got their third or fourth or fifth booster.
And I think that's complete denial in terms of the uptick in cancers, particularly young people as well.
So we have a lot of denial to overcome yet.

[SPEAKER_00]
Exactly.
Question, Senator, you've stood almost alone in this issue for years now.
And I'm curious what it's been like for you personally standing against such intense political and media pressure.
And can you feel Congress beginning to shift its position on vaccines and vaccine injury?
Are more lawmakers starting to see what's really going on at all?

[SPEAKER_03]
I wish I'd say yes, but I mean, you've seen the hearings with Bobby Kennedy in the help committee and the finance committee.
By the way, you know, it hasn't been a problem for me.
I know who I am.
I try to be very careful about, you know, the things I say.
I don't think anything I've said about the COVID injections has ever proven to be wrong.
So as much as people accuse me of spreading misinformation, disinformation, they're just wrong.
So being careful that way, I know who I am.
You're in politics, expect to be ridiculed, okay?
Expect to be vilified.
So I've got pretty thick skin.
I sold plastic for 30 years, so I'm used to rejection.
Personally, I haven't suffered, literally, I haven't suffered at all.
In fact,
I mean, you heard the kind things both you said to me before you started this podcast.
I mean, I get a lot of positive comments.
People appreciate it.
So I feel gratitude more often than vilification.
So don't feel sorry for me.

[SPEAKER_00]
Well, thank you so much for all the work you've done, Senator.
And thank you for your time and coming on VSRF Live.
I know you have to leave us.
So I just wanted, again, gratitude for you, the work you're doing, and continuing to fight this fight against a pretty formidable big pharmaceutical industrial complex.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, listen, we're in this together.
And again, Steve, you guys have been doing Yeoman's work as well.
And like I say, Steve, it's just true.
He's generally two or three steps ahead of me.
I need to be very, very cautious in terms of how I proceed.
But listen, I really appreciate all the work you've done, Steve, as well.
So God bless all of you.

[SPEAKER_02]
Thank you.
Thank you for all the work you've done.
It's been phenomenal.

[SPEAKER_00]
Thank you, Senator.
All right, we'll let you go.
And I'm going to finish off tonight with Steve.
That was a fantastic conversation.
What an extraordinary gentleman Senator Johnson is.
Totally.
Yeah.
And yeah, great service.

[SPEAKER_02]
I wish that every member of Congress were the same as he is because he's open to
challenging the narrative.
And he just stands alone.
There's like nobody is as like him in Congress.
I mean, there are some people who share his points of view on this, but nobody has been as tenacious as he has in telling the truth and fighting for the vaccine injured.

[SPEAKER_00]
No, not at all.
I'm hoping that maybe some of the younger future politicians that come along will be open-minded enough to at least hear what he's presented and allowed others to come and share during his hearings and take an interest, especially if some of these vaccine injuries strike them personally or directly or with people they know, and they start to connect some dots.
That's what it takes.
Exactly what it takes.
Well, I just wanted to Remind of why we do the work our 201st episode isn't just a milestone.
It's a statement of endurance truth and purpose VSRF began as a small voice challenging the narrative and today it's a movement uniting millions around evidence compassion and accountability, but none of this happens without you and
And I'm going to share a screen.
We've got another little fundraising opportunity that we have going on here.
Stand by here.
Here we go.
I'll let this out.
But none of this happens without you.
To keep reaching the vaccine injured, to fund independent research, and to continue producing fearless conversations like the one you just watched.
We're dedicating this special episode to the mission itself, a live fundraiser to make sure VSRF can keep leading with courage and integrity.
We have a special raffle, episode 201 edition.
Every donation makes a difference, but those who contribute in increments of $201 will automatically be entered into win a VSRF t-shirt,
Your choice of size and design, signed by Steve Kirsch and Senator Ron Johnson, a rare keepsake that celebrates courage, integrity, and the pursuit of truth.
So yeah, there's the visual on the screen.
And Janet will put the link in the chat to this very special episode raffle for a signed t-shirt by Steve Kirsch and Senator Ron Johnson.
I want to get me one of those t-shirts.
Normally, this is the part of the show where we take live audience questions, but since tonight's episode is pre-recorded, we've gathered, you know, oh, I'm going to skip that because we just did that.
Let me jump here.
Join us next week on VSRF live for another very special episode.
I'll be coming to you live from Austin, Texas at the Children's Health Defense Conference.
And you won't want to miss it.
We've got some incredible conversations lined up.
So be sure to tune in next Thursday.
Same time, same place.
And Steve, tonight we're going to sign off with a short clip from the Speaker Salon, which will launch the Courage in Health series on November 1st.
a nine-day virtual summit highlighting doctors, scientists, and advocates who are standing up for ethics and transparency in healthcare.
The event features nationally recognized presenters, including Mary Holland, Erin Ciri, Dr. Peter McCullough, Dr. Stella Emanuel, and our very own Steve Kirsch, and nearly 30 other speakers addressing some of the most pressing challenges in medicine and public health today.
It's completely virtual, and you can register by clicking the link Janet is posting in the chat.
Thank you all for joining us tonight, and we'll see you all next week on VSRF Live, and also some of you I'll see at the Brownstone Institute Conference in Utah, Salt Lake City, this weekend, or at the CHD Conference in Austin next week.
Steve, I'll see you in Austin next week.
Have a great night, Steve.
Thank you, everyone, for being here.

[UNKNOWN]
you
