[SPEAKER_03]
This grew on a wooden cross, like bird in the barn Four hundred and two acres, that used to be my farm Grew up like my daddy did, my grandpa could just land When I was five, I walked a fence while grandpa held my hand
Rain on the scarecrow, blood on the plow This land for the nation, this land made me proud Son, I'm just sorry there's no legacy for you now Rain on the scarecrow, blood on the plow
Rain on the scarecrow and blood on the clock.
The crops we grew last summer weren't enough to pay the loan.
Couldn't buy the seed, the plant, the spring, and the farmer's bank for clothes.
Caught my old friend shipment up to auction off the land.
He said, John, it's just my job, and I hope you understand.
They callin' it your job, old horse, sure don't make it right.
But if you want me to, I'll say a prayer for your soul tonight.
on the front porch with a Bible in her hand.
Sometimes I hear her singin' take me to the promised land.
Take me where man has dignity, to get where these fields of cows go.
Blood on the scarecrow.
Blood on the plow.
Blood on the scarecrow.
97 crosses planted in the courthouse yard.
97 families who lost 97 phones.
I think about my grandpa, my neighbors and my name.
Some nights I feel like dying.
This land federation, hey, this land made me proud.
Son, I'm too sorry, this just memories for you now.
Rain on the scarecrow, blood on the plow.
Rain on the scarecrow, blood on the plow.
Rain on the scarecrow, blood on the plow.
This land federation, this land made me so proud.
Son, I'm too sorry, this memories for you now.
Rain on the scarecrow, blood on the plow Rain on the scarecrow, blood on the plow

[SPEAKER_11]
Tonight on VSRF Live, we're joined by Dr. Meryl Nass, who's now turning her attention to another urgent front, the crisis in farming and the future of food.
She warns that policies threatening small farmers, seed sovereignty, and traditional agriculture are endangering not only food security, but human freedom itself.

[SPEAKER_01]
When the farmer borrows from the government or because there are various programs that will lend to farmers or from banks, right?
They are putting up their farm as collateral.
So if they get several bad years, they're going to lose their farm.
They're not going to be able to leave it to their children.
And that's what's happening.
Between 2017 and 2024, the United States lost something like 200,000 or 160,000 farms.
We only have 1.9 million farms.
So we lost 8% of all the farms in America went under.
So that's a big problem.

[SPEAKER_11]
Hello and welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm your host, Livio Sanchez.
Thank you so much for being here with us this evening.
Have you noticed lately how the price of beef, butter, and even heavy cream has gone through the roof?
You're not imagining it.
Tonight, we're honored to welcome back Dr. Meryl Nass, who will be joining us to talk about what's really behind the growing farming crisis in America and what it means for our food supply and our future.
Later in the show, nurse Angela and Heather Hudson, Florida's Cody's law author and mom to multi-stroke vaccine injured Cody Hudson, will join us to give an important update on Cody's progress.
Cody suffered the most severe form of autoimmune phospholipid syndrome, APS.

[SPEAKER_01]
Anti-phospholipid antibody syndrome.

[SPEAKER_11]
Thank you.
Thank you.
Anti-phospholipid antibody syndrome.
Is that right?
a blood clotting disorder since 2021 when hospitalized at age 21 after his COVID mRNA vaccine.
But first, before we dive in, I want to remind everyone about our VSRF raffle.
One lucky winner will receive a year supply of Stella Emanuel's Covivitz.
Let me get this on the screen here and share what this looks like.
Stand by, here we go.
Yes, Dr. Stella Emanuel's Kovivitz, a powerhouse immune blend with quesartan, zinc, vitamin C, and D3.
Plus, five signed books from some of the bravest truth tellers in science and medicine.
Tickets start at just $20 or $100 for six chances to win, and the winner will be announced next Thursday, October 30th.
It's a fun way to fortify your health, fuel your mind, and support VSRF's mission of truth and transparency.
Janet will drop the link in the chat.
So go grab your tickets.
And alright, so let's get started.
Just one more announcement.
Steve Kirsch will not be with us this evening.
He is taking a much needed little break.
So I am handling the duties tonight.
And I'm going to bring on our featured guest, Dr. Meryl Nass.
Dr. Nass, welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_01]
Hey, I'm great.
It's good to see you again, Lurio.

[SPEAKER_11]
It's always great to see you, Dr. Nass.
And I think I'm going to get to see you also in person at CHD in a couple of weeks.
If you're going to be speaking there, you're one of the featured speakers.

[SPEAKER_01]
So that's wonderful.

[SPEAKER_11]
I want to get us started with something we were actually talking a couple of days ago.
We got to speak in advance and I was mentioning an article from
one of the websites that I frequent just to see what the propaganda is in the health field, and it's MedPage Today.
And this article that caught my attention titled, What If Ultra-Processed Foods Aren't the Villain?
And you mentioned a couple things.
First about MedPage, and you have a connection to the editor-in-chief.
Can you tell our audience what you told me about MedPage Today?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, so the editor in chief of this daily publication that is looked at by probably half of the million doctors in the United States, including me, the editor is actually the guy, the doctor who was the main doctor testifying against me in my hearing with the main medical board.
So this is a guy who is
an incredible BS artist.
He can talk forever, say nothing, make stuff up.
He was illegally hired.
His name is Jeremy Faust.
So this is Dr. Faust, who, if you may remember, sold his soul to the devil.

[SPEAKER_11]
He sold his soul.
How did he sell his soul to the devil?

[SPEAKER_01]
He made a deal.
Dr Faustus.
So anyway, in my case, he
In order to be a witness at one of these hearings, you have to have a main license.
You have to be in the same field as me, and you have to accept no more than $175 an hour as payment.
And this particular doctor knew those rules, admitted it, but he did not have a main license.
He was not in the same field as I am.
And he required 500 dollars an hour to be paid, which the board willingly paid him because I guess they couldn't find anyone to testify against me using using the legal rules.
Anyway, that's Dr Faust.
Editor in chief of MedPage today.

[SPEAKER_11]
And then there's even more about this.
I mean, it's my understanding that the vast majority of people in America and in the globe can all agree that ultra-processed foods are not good for you, probably have very little nutritional value, if any.
But then this article comes out this week that they're not possibly the villain.
And then you mentioned something about the author, Neil D. Bernard, a medical doctor.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, so MedPage today is not unique in that anything the Trump administration or Mr. Robert F. Kennedy does is wrong, no matter what it is.
So obviously, in his campaign against ultra-processed food, that had to be wrong.
So they finally found somebody, in this case, a doctor named Neil Barnard, to write an article saying, well, maybe ultra-processed food isn't really the problem.
After all, it's not that bad.
Well, who is Neil Barnard?
They don't say it in the article or at the bottom, but he founded an organization called Physicians Committee for Responsible Medicine, which is all about veganism.
This man is a vegan activist, doesn't believe in, believes that meat and dairy make you sick.
And so he didn't admit that, but he's chosen to favor ultra processed food in order to downgrade meat and dairy.
So that's the story behind that story.

[SPEAKER_11]
Incredible.
And all of this as we're facing a farm crisis and skyrocketing beef prices, beef prices, butter, anything related to the farming and cattle industry.
What is your, you've got so much to talk about.
So I want to have you start us off on some of the origins and why we are where we are today.

[SPEAKER_01]
Sure, it's hard to know where to start, but let me say that farmers are not in control of how much money they earn.
They are absolutely, you know,
completely controlled by government.
So government tells them what they must do to make money and tells them, if you grow the crops that we want you to grow, we will make it easy for you to make money.
But if you don't, you're on your own.
And government decides what the rules are for imports.
So they have to compete with imports.
So the word I was looking for before is they're at the mercy of government.
But government is at the mercy of industry, right?
Government is controlled.
So the USDA, which is the primary regulator for all things that have to do with agriculture and food, although the FDA has a small amount, but the FDA does not regulate meat at all.
So the federal government can decide how many imports will come in.
what countries will be restricted, what the tariffs will be, if any, and the government can decide what laws to enforce and what laws not to enforce.
In the case of agriculture and many other things, but particularly agriculture now, the government has chosen not to enforce our antitrust laws.
And this has enabled, since about 1970,
Which is what 55 years has enabled monopolies to develop.
I'm saying monopolies.
They're actually oligopolies cartels.
Small numbers of companies, in most cases, three or four companies control every single agricultural industry.
So they decide on prices and they decide what the farmer gets for his crops or his animals and these monopolies decide
what they will charge the farmer.
So there's a monopoly on tractors, for example.
So if the farmer earns more on corn one year, they will charge him more for tractors next year.
The farmers are all squeezed between these two monopolies.
One is for what's called inputs, the seed, the fertilizer, the equipment, the pesticides, those are the inputs.
Those are all
Industries that are managed by cartels a cartel is a few companies that illegally collude together on pricing and on other features.
Okay.
So, and then ranchers are stuck with meat packers.
So there are very few.
Companies that control so for companies control 85% of beef.
slaughtering and processing and 67% of pork slaughtering and processing and they talk together about what they will pay the ranchers for their animals.
The ranchers were making 70 cents on the dollar back in 1970 when they sold a cow to a meat packer, 70 cents on the final retail price of that meat.
Today, they're making 30 percent, 30 cents on the dollar of the final retail price.

[SPEAKER_11]
And that's basically driving them out of business.

[SPEAKER_01]
And it's driving them out of business.
So most or many.
Ranchers, they've either decreased their herds, or they've gotten rid of their herds entirely because they couldn't make a profit on them.
Most of them, you know, graze them from much of their lives, but then they have to feed put them in a feed lot.
or feed them grains, so they're buying food for the cattle, then they have to pay to ship them to a meat processor because you can only sell the meat if it's in a USDA inspected or very rarely a state inspected facility.
Often you have to go hundreds of miles because, again, the federal government kept
Increasing the regulations so that meet processing facilities closed.
So the small ones over 1000, possibly 2 or 3000 have closed in the last 30, 30 to 40 years.
And so again, the rancher is squeezed.
He often, he doesn't have a vehicle that can transport all his cows.
So he has to pay somebody to put the cows in the vehicle, drive them a long distance, hope that that person is going to water them and feed them properly.
Then they're going to be weighed somewhere, and he's going to be given a price that he's not in control of.
And that's the end of the story.
So this has driven, as I said earlier in your clip, 160,000 farms out of business in 7 years.
And farms have had four or five bad years in a row.
So according to USDA, the median income of a farmer, that's the 1.9 farms.
If you look at the number, you know, 950,000 right in the middle, how much money did they earn from farming?
They lost one to $2,000 negative income,
for each of the last five years, including this year.
So the only way a farmer can survive is to have somebody in the family, at least one person, working outside the farm and bringing in income.

[SPEAKER_11]
Like doing something outside of agriculture.

[SPEAKER_01]
Something different.

[SPEAKER_11]
Like working in the banking sector or something to try to actually make some interest on those loans.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yes.
Precisely, and they've had to basically mortgage the farm to get loans.
And now they've had 5 bad years.
You know, can they keep the farm?
So, as we said, 8% of them already couldn't keep the farm and now some banks are predicting that we'll lose 25% of the farms.
Because things have gotten so bad.

[SPEAKER_11]
So what's happening to our cattle supply while this is happening?
How are we going to feed the country?
And I know there's propaganda against eating meat and we know we can get into some of that more later, but what's happening to our supply?
You showed me a chart.
I was thinking it might be a good time to share that.

[SPEAKER_01]
So this chart shows you how many cows have been raised in the United States since 1867.
Right?
So, more than 150 years.
And it shows you the peak number of cattle was in 1951.
And, or no, sorry, it looks like it was later than that.
1970 something.
Excuse me.
But we are now back today at where we were in 1951.
even though we have a lot more people than we had then and certainly many more than we had in 1867.

[SPEAKER_11]
So people are exponentially we have that many more people in the in the country and globally and our food supplies back to whatever the level was in 1951.

[SPEAKER_01]
So yes but let me there are a couple of caveats to that so our our cows are a little bigger
And they don't take quite as long to raise.
So it's not quite quite as bad as it looks, but it's still bad.
Now, another thing happened.
And again, this looking back, it seems deliberate that for the last 10 years, there has been a bottleneck in meat processing.
USDA requires that every piece of meat that is sold across potentially sold across state lines that goes to a grocery store has to be slaughtered in a USDA inspected facility where a USDA inspector is on site whenever any meat is processed.
by shutting down a lot of the small meat processing facilities that couldn't afford to keep up with the increasing regulations, they've managed to not have enough processing space.
And so, and who are the people who work in these meat processing facilities?
It's been estimated that 30 to 50, this is dangerous work and poorly paid.
It's estimated 30 to 50% of them are undocumented migrants.
And so when the ICE raids began on meat processing facilities, 50% of the employees wouldn't show up.
And so immediately, Brooke Rollins, the Agriculture Secretary, had to go to President Trump and say, look, we're not going to have any meat in this country if ICE starts raiding farms, because they also needed these undocumented migrants, some of whom came temporarily and some stayed, to pick the crops.
So anyway,
In June, ICE stopped raiding meatpacking plants and farms.
Otherwise, we wouldn't have meat.
But because of this bottleneck anyway, there has been a supply-demand problem.
Well, one way to solve that is to import more meat.
So we've been importing more and more meat.
And you can see we've doubled our imports since 2013.
Now, some of the meat comes from good countries, you know, Australia, New Zealand.
Some of it comes from Brazil and Argentina.
Some of it comes from Mexico and Central America.

[SPEAKER_11]
Can I ask, does this, does this have to get processed and inspected the same way US beef does, or does it bypass it because it's being imported?

[SPEAKER_01]
So it can come in as a live cow, and we've got about 2M live cows coming in a year, or it's already been processed.
And yes, exactly.
It does not have to go through the same rigmarole as meat processed in the United States.
Plus,
There, there are federal laws that require farmers to pay their farm workers properly so that they don't take away the jobs of Americans.
So, essentially, you have to pay a farm work, a legal farm worker about $18 an hour, and it varies from state to state.
Well, in Mexico, you're going to pay that same farm worker $2 an hour.
In some countries, you'll pay $1 an hour.
So you're asking the American rancher and the American farmer to compete with food coming in across the border where the workers were paid almost nothing.
You can also use pesticides that are banned in the United States in these countries, and the food can come in.

[SPEAKER_11]
So what about the, I know they're starting or have started several years ago, vaccinating the cows with mRNA.
And is that regular?
Like, do we know what they're putting in the cows that are being imported versus what's here in the U S I have no idea what's coming in with imported cows.

[SPEAKER_01]
I doubt that other countries were worried about, um,
cow, you know, cows and bird flu, for one thing, because that was that was kind of a
I don't know, how can I say it?
It's a real thing.
Cows really did get bird flu, but almost none of them died from it.
They would recuperate.
So the vast majority recuperated with no problem.
Some of them had scarring of the mammary glands.
Some of them had other problems.
They might produce less milk than they were doing before, but the majority of them, 80 or 90%, got over it without a problem.
The milk, if they had a heavy infestation of bird flu, the milk would change color and texture and you could take it out.
But nobody in the United States has ever been diagnosed with bird flu from milk.
Nobody.
In fact, this year in 2025, not a single human being has been diagnosed with bird flu in the United States.
So last year there were a bunch of cases because
FDA and USDA and CDC were basically beating the bushes looking for cases.
They were testing everybody who worked with cattle and worked with chickens.
And this year they're not doing that because nobody's gotten that disease from either poultry or meat or milk or any other dairy.
So anyway, so other countries are not so worried about that.
And we've put on a show with it.
Um, however, that being said, we in the United States USDA allowed.
What do I call them animal pharmaceutical veterinary pharmaceutical companies to develop experimental or other other kinds of vaccines for bird flu and give them to cows as an experiment.
We don't know how many.
and allow those cows to be sold for meat.
So here in the US, we may be getting cows vaccinated with mRNA vaccines.
And some pigs have been vaccinated with mRNA vaccines in the United States.

[SPEAKER_11]
And there's no way for the consumer to know.

[SPEAKER_01]
No way.

[SPEAKER_11]
unless you're buying from your local rancher where you know the cow, you know the rancher, the owner, and perhaps they're good.
But if you go to the grocery store, it's a roll of the dice.

[SPEAKER_01]
Exactly.
And I wouldn't recommend you get your meat in the grocery store because for the last 10 years, meat is labeled, made in USA, that actually is imported.
Because of a lawsuit using World Trade Organization rules.
Mexico and Canada basically sued the United States for its labeling practices.
And so in order to deal with that, Congress passed a law saying that any meat that comes in that is in any way packaged or processed, it could just be wrapped in the United States.
For the last 10 years, it could be labeled, made in USA or grown in USA.
Now, that rule is coming undone next year.
However, the imported meat will not be labeled imported, it just won't have a label on it.
So people will still be confused.
Now, meat grown in the USA can be labeled that way, but people won't realize that that's preferable to meat that is unlabeled.

[SPEAKER_11]
Right.
It's just part of the end.
The final mile, as they call it in the trucking industry, is they wrap it.
OK, so now you're getting U.S. product because some hands were on it in the U.S.

[SPEAKER_01]
Exactly.
So let me tell you another thing that because of NAFTA and then later the U.S.-Canada Mexico agreement, there has been no tariff.
on foods coming in from Mexico and Canada.
So, again, the farmer and the rancher has to compete with food and there's not even any kind of increased price.
Imposition of tariffs that will at least give him a bit of a leg up in competition with these foreign foods.
So what's happened is that.
We now, which year was it?
I'm sorry, I'm blanking on this, but.
We've gone to importing now 60% of the fruit that is consumed in the United States.

[SPEAKER_11]
So you said 60, so over half of the fruit.

[SPEAKER_01]
Over half of the fruit and 35% of the vegetables.
Whereas before NAFTA, which was around 1990, it came, Clinton, 1993, I think January of 1993 or early then,
We were importing 30, 35% of our fruit.
Now it's 60.
And we were importing 10% of our vegetables.
And now it's 35% of our vegetables are imported.

[SPEAKER_11]
And we're matching those numbers with food with meat as well, I would imagine the import.

[SPEAKER_01]
Right.
We're not importing that much.
I mean, we're not importing 30% of our meat.
But we are importing a significant amount.
We are importing 26% of our ground beef.
So I don't recommend people buy ground beef in the supermarket for several reasons.
One is that it's allowed to have pink slime in it, which is this dreadful byproduct of goop that they have often treated with bleach and ammonia.
Another reason is that it has the highest concentration of bacteria.
It's contaminated with bacteria.
Another is they say that one hamburger comes from 600 cows or 2000 cows, depending who you ask.
So there's not much traceability there.

[SPEAKER_11]
And God help us with eating a burger out at a restaurant food joint there's don't know if that's real in any way shape or form don't have it rare in any event get it well done if you're going to eat it.
There's nothing that keeps coming to mind listening to Merrill which is the narrative of.
climate change.
And so here we are getting away from local food, slow food, and we're having it shipped in on ships and planes and whatever.
To me, that's completely counter to this narrative about how we're going to carbon tax people for driving in their cars.
But meanwhile, all the food's being brought in and it's cheaper to buy eggs.
I heard Joel Salatin last night say it's cheaper for him to sell eggs, to send them off somewhere else than the local dairy farmer or local egg producer.
It's more expensive for them.
And that makes no sense to me.
Does it compute with this climate change narrative?

[SPEAKER_01]
Exactly.
I mean, people in England are buying butter from New Zealand.
It doesn't make sense.
They can produce a lot of butter in England, too.
And that's halfway around the world.
But it has to do with a very peculiar incentive.
So there are subsidies for farmers.
And in Europe, the farmers get a lot of subsidies from the government.
And probably in New Zealand, they did, actually.
They got tremendous subsidies.
And then at some point, the government cut them off.
And it is, it has been claimed that the farmers became much more efficient.
Now, in the United States, if you're a big farmer, growing corn or soy or cotton.
or a couple of other products, you can basically get guarantees from the government that even if the price goes down, even if there's a flood or a drought, you will still make money, a little, a bit of money.
You won't lose.
And so what that means is the farmers don't have to be smart.
They don't have, right?
They don't have to be efficient.
They know that they're gonna be paid off no matter what.

[SPEAKER_11]
And they can monocrop that way.
They can just do corn.

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, they usually go corn one year, soy the next.
And those are the two things that produce our ultra-processed food and make us sick over the long-term.

[SPEAKER_11]
I'm glad that's what I was trying to lean into, that what they are growing, the monocrops, high fructose corn syrup.

[SPEAKER_01]
Exactly.
Bad oils, yes.
Seed oils.
And a lot of the rest goes either into us or into animal feed.
There's also some alcohol, gassahol made from corn.
But very little of it actually goes into human food.
And then, of course, we're eating the same stuff that they've grown with pesticides and fertilizers and poor soil.
The same seeds, the same corn that is going to gassahol is also going to become our corn that we eat.
And it wasn't really
You know, it wasn't nutrition was not what they were trying to optimize.

[SPEAKER_11]
No, no.
And well, so what are they doing now?
How are they selling all this to the American public?
Is my question like what's nutritious?
What isn't?
And, you know, we started with this article at the beginning telling us that ultra processed foods aren't the villain.
And I just did some snooping around because a while back I heard about insects being introduced as a really good healthy alternative to meat and crickets in particular.
And I started, I was watching a cooking show a little while ago, one of those, you know, baking or cooking shows and, and they were featuring crickets as like this delicate is a great thing.
So I thought I'm going to share something I found on PBS on how the propaganda of how you should change what you eat and how they're selling it to the American people.
So I'm going to play this clip and I want to get your feedback on this.
After I share this here, here it comes.

[SPEAKER_06]
I head to the Three Cricketeers commercial kitchen to join a state tester recipe for Cricket Flour Pasta.
Okay, now we're going to put it right here to cut.
With Cricket Pesto.
Cricket Pasta, Cricket Pesto.
So the water is boiling.
Why don't you throw in some pasta?
Why pasta?

[SPEAKER_05]
Pasta makes it easy to eat crickets.
It's not as scary that way.

[SPEAKER_02]
I think it's bringing crickets into everyday meals.
Originally, we thought we'd be able to sell frozen crickets next to the frozen shrimp.
at the grocery store and people weren't really ready for that yet.
But we did realize and our business kind of changed that we had to do the education and we had to make the products, show people how easy it is to work with crickets and see how delicious it is.
And it's just like any other protein or grain that you eat.

[SPEAKER_05]
I was an environmental lawyer before this and I was always interested in doing as much as I could to improve our environment, protect the planet, save the planet, really, if I can even do that.
When Chase came home with a cricket cookie, it really hit me that we can eat an efficient form of protein and really do our bodies a favor and the planet a favor.
And I looked into it and sure enough, just a few years before that, the United Nations had issued a report on food insecurity and insects were at the top of the list.
I just jumped into it, built a terrarium in the basement, started growing crickets, they hatched.

[SPEAKER_02]
So when we were able to grow them, I started sneaking it into the boys' food, and they loved it.
When I started looking into the benefits of the crickets, it actually is an anti-inflammatory.
It heals your gut with prebiotic fiber, high protein, and more and more research that's coming out right now, we're realizing that it's the missing link to our gut health.

[SPEAKER_05]
The way this all fits into food security and stability is cricket powder has a really long shelf life.
It's a complete protein.
It has all the essential amino acids.
It has B12.
It's a prebiotic fiber.
It has more iron than spinach, more calcium than milk.
So really, it's a superfood.

[SPEAKER_02]
It's vitamins in a bag.

[SPEAKER_05]
It's fun.

[SPEAKER_02]
Maybe a few crickets.

[SPEAKER_06]
Oh, you do your cricket thing.
I want crickets too.
You're okay?
Yeah.
All right.
Crickets and pine nuts, crickets have that kind of nuttiness when they're dry and they also certainly have that crunchiness.
So they're parallel.
We could make a great pesto with some crickets.
Call me next time you're testing.

[SPEAKER_11]
Sorry.
There's so much to unpack there on how the nutritional value
putting crickets and cookies, the upbeat music.
What's your thought on all this, Meryl?

[SPEAKER_01]
So the UN, the WHO, the World Economic Forum want us to eat bugs.
a lot of money, a lot of money, billions and billions of dollars have been put into food industries.
And there are at least 30 factories in the United States that are producing mealy bugs or crickets and turning them into food.
Now, Americans haven't really gotten very interested in this, so a lot of it has now wound up in pet food.
There is a product in these crickets, chitin, which you can become allergic to.
So if we start eating a lot of this food, particularly if it's snuck into our food, which looks like what the plan is currently is to sneak it in, people will be developing food allergies to chitin.

[SPEAKER_11]
So they don't have to put this in the ingredients on your pet food?

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, you may have noticed that the labeling on our food has changed.
Now, under Bobby Kennedy, it should improve.
But right now, if you look at packages of snack foods, you'll see it just says bioengineered ingredients.
It doesn't say GMO.
It's not specific.
It just says, this includes bioengineered ingredients.
It's like, good luck figuring out what that is.

[SPEAKER_11]
So it's no longer really helpful unless you see that and know what that means, because you just told us tonight.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, well, it doesn't necessarily mean crickets.
But what I what I'm saying is that the deliberately the labeling became less specific as to what the ingredients are.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right.

[SPEAKER_01]
Now, if you go on Amazon, for example, and look up insect foods or cricket foods or mealy worms, you will find a lot of products.
I have seen
chips, potato chips in Australia that kids are eating that are made with crickets.
So they don't use crickets for the whole thing.
They mix it with flour.
They mix it with other things.
And so you may not even know that you're eating crickets.
But the point is, I mean, why do they want us to do this?
It seems that they want to debase us.
They want us to have less control over our lives and our food.
Uh, yeah, I mean, okay, so there's vitamins and there's calcium and all that.
Yeah.
Well, there's all that stuff in meat and dairy products also and in eggs.
And what is the reason that.
We've been told that we have to eat less meat, eat less dairy.
The Lancet just put out a report about two weeks ago, they have an eat commission and it recommended four ounces of beef a week per person for this, you know, for the sustainable diet.
Four ounces, you know, one thin hamburger a week per person.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, that I consume a lot more than that.
per day sometimes.

[SPEAKER_01]
Most people are consuming upwards of eight ounces of meat a day.
So, um, so the plan is, you know, less, less of everything.
Now, uh, will that save the planet?
As you pointed out, um, they want us to burn less fossil fuels, but they want the food to be transported long distances.
You know, what's that about?
Um,
I think that you can do a lot of sustainable agriculture if you relearn how to grow things organically, how to compost, how to use other processes like cover crops, which add nitrogen and carbon to your soil, as well as potentially vitamins.
I was visiting Monticello, Jefferson's home, last year.
learned when I was reading the exhibits that people were already leaving Virginia in the 1700s to move west because they had depleted the soil then.
So what does that tell you?

[SPEAKER_11]
In the 1700s?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yes.
It doesn't take long to deplete the soil.
You must rebuild the soil.
So all the farmers that stayed in Virginia had to figure out how to rebuild their soil.
It means you have to put stuff back.
And once the Green Revolution happened around 1940, 1950, we started getting cheap fertilizers and farmers forgot how to care for their soil.
And it's going to be necessary to relearn that.
And then we will have sustainable agriculture everywhere.

[SPEAKER_11]
So you've been tracking for a while now the World Health Organization and
Is this all tied into that as well as their mandates to vaccinate globally?
Is this all part of some same plan?

[SPEAKER_01]
So, we don't hear about it much in the US, but there is this thing called Agenda 2030.
And the sustainable development goals, these, you will see references to this everywhere in Europe.
And in some other countries, and so this is a project of the UN this is 17 sustainable development goals and.
Each 1 has has, you know, books written about it.
And so, yes, developing sustainable food systems with less meat and dairy, you know, more plant food.
I'm a vegetarian.
I like plant food.
I don't eat meat.
I don't need fish.
I don't eat chicken, but.
I know that when those animals are raised properly, that food is very good for you.
And the story about saturated fat being bad for you was based on one scientist, Ansel Keys, who basically fudged his data way back in the 50s.
And so the United States changed the way we ate.
We went to polyunsaturated oils that came, you know, seed oils that were cheaply processed from corn, soy, and other things.
We stopped eating tallow.
We may or may not have eaten more saturated fat.
I've forgotten the name of it.
But we ate a lot more carbohydrates, grains.
We went to grains.
And we all got fatter and we developed an epidemic of diabetes and other metabolic diseases.
Now are our metabolic diseases, is our diabetes now a consequence of that change in diet or did we get lazier?
Do we exercise less or was it climate change or, you know, I can't, nobody can say a hundred percent that it was due to diet, but, um,
So I'm an old person, I'm 74 years old, and I started studying nutrition in college.
So for over 50 years, I've been looking at nutrition and diet.
And I can tell you that what people believe to be the best diet has kept changing over and over.
There are many dietary fads.
And as a physician, I do not believe 1 diet is the right diet for everybody.
I think that people are different and people have different.
Tastes they have different metabolic issues and their diets should be chosen accordingly.
But it's certainly to me, I don't claim to be the world's expert on this, but I eat as much animal fat as I can.
So I get full cream yogurt and full cream cheeses.
I try to get them organic if I can, knowing that
Probably much of this stuff was imported.
It wasn't really organic.
Who knows?
But I'm doing the best I can.
We certainly had for a while a huge epidemic of heart disease that we don't have as much heart.
We still have plenty of heart disease, not as much as there was 40 years ago in the United States.
So maybe that's due to us changing our diet and eating more grains.
I can't say for sure.
At the same time, I do believe that high quality fat.
So the other thing about fats is that carcinogens, toxins are almost all fat soluble.
So they will accumulate in fat.
So if you have a bit of extra money, make sure the fats you buy are organic.
Now, you probably want to buy olive oil because that is supposed to be a very healthy oil.
What you don't necessarily know is that because it's a popular oil, a lot of it has been adulterated with other oils.
So if you're buying it from France or Spain and it's labeled and it's got a month on it and they've stamped it, it's probably the real thing.
But if you're buying an American olive oil, the chances are good that it has been adulterated.

[SPEAKER_11]
And there's no way to know on the labeling or anything?

[SPEAKER_01]
There is no way to know, absolutely, with an American oil.
But I would try to buy, if you can, organic butter.
If you can get these things from a local farm, cream and milk, from a local farm where you know how the animal is raised, our preference is we think the cows should be raised on grass, their entire life, grass or hay, hay in the winter.
But I can't, you know, prove that to you.
But that's what we think is it produces the best meat and using the fewest or no pesticides, which, as I said, will concentrate in the fat of the animal, the milk, the dairy, et cetera.

[SPEAKER_11]
Where are we at with the speaking of pesticides on their liability protection?

[SPEAKER_01]
So.
The committee, which so the committee that was considering this liability shield for pesticides was called the environment.
Interior and related agency.
Appropriations committee and this this committee voted to keep it in.
So right now in the appropriations bill that the House and the Senate have to, so there's one bill for the House and one bill for the Senate.
In the House bill, there is a pesticide liability shield.
In the Senate version, nobody had the guts, I guess, or got bribed enough to include it into that bill.
So it's not in the Senate version, it is in the House version.
If those 2 bills pass, they have to make them identical.
And so there will.
It may come out at that point and that, and we have to ask our members and senators in particular pull that pesticide shield out.
However.
There's also something called the farm bill that has to be passed.
And the chair of that committee is the person who writes the farm bill, or actually lobbyists write it and hand it to him.
His name is Glenn Thompson.
He's from Pennsylvania.
He is a Republican.
However, he is very much pro-industry.
And he has said he is putting a pesticide liability shield into that bill.
So we can expect it in at least one of those places.
I have also been told that President Trump doesn't like it.
They feel it's harmful to the Republicans.
And so it could go either way.
And once Congress gets back in session, it would be important for people to, again, call your representatives, both in the House and Senate, because the whole House hasn't voted yet, nor has the whole Senate on this bill, and tell them not to approve it in the Farm Bill or any other bill.

[SPEAKER_06]
Right.

[SPEAKER_01]
This would be only the second product that ever got a liability shield.
It's a de facto liability shield.
Many members of the House were told, oh, it's not a liability shield.
It's nothing of the sort.
It's simply trying to make the rules equal in all the states.
We don't want California to be able to make more rigid rules for pesticides than Oklahoma.
That's what it's really about, but that's not true.
What it does is to delay changes in the label that would warn you that this contains a carcinogen or a product that can give you Parkinson's disease or something else.
The industry does not want the labels to include those warnings, because if you have the warn, well,
Anyway, if you get sick, if you get cancer and you want to sue the company, right now the only cases that are winning are those for which there was failure to warn.
And they are dependent on the official label that's been approved by the EPA.
So if the EPA didn't think you needed to be warned, then
you're probably going to lose that lawsuit.
Anyway, I'm not explaining it very well.
But that's sort of how it works.
It's complicated.
The language is difficult in the bill itself.
And the Democrats claimed it meant one thing, and the Republicans claimed it meant something else.
But we know that it means you can't sue the manufacturer.

[SPEAKER_11]
Wow, there's just so many tricks that they can use to keep us ill. Before I get to some audience Q&A, you mentioned a website called SOFAF about how they're crushing the farmers, and I wanted to share this website and have Janet put it into the chat.
Hang on, let me share the screen here, and maybe you can quickly take us through this.

[SPEAKER_01]
So our organization, Joy to Freedom, is working with a number of other groups and created a new basically a coalition or an umbrella group called Save Our Food and Farms.
And the acronym is SOFAF.
So sofa with an F at the end.
And we have identified 50 ways farmers are being crushed right now.
So you can, and there's a short story about each one of these ways.
So 50 altogether.

[SPEAKER_11]
So you click on any of these and there's a short brief read and you can get information efficiently about 50 ways that they are crushing the farmers.
I'm just going to keep scrolling.

[SPEAKER_01]
And then in other parts of the website, you can learn how when the farmers are crushed, we are not going to be able to get the food we want.
That's the problem with more and more of this industrial food, with the imported food where we really don't know what's in it, what it's been sprayed with, how it's been grown.
And commodity crops, which is the official term for corn and soy,
wheat and cotton, these massive monocrops that are grown, they're called commodity crops.
And the real food, the fruits and vegetables that you eat, those are called specialty crops.
And the government gives a lot of benefits to the farmer when he grows the commodity crops, but nothing when he grows the specialty crops.
So there's a lot that needs to be changed and we are hoping
to work with Congress and work at the state level and get a lot of things changed so that we can continue to access the food we want and not at crazy prices.
And then the other big part of this is to get the government enforcing the monopoly laws, the antitrust rules.
We have to break up these large monopolies that are just strangling farmers.
And, you know, until that's done, we will not have a free food system.

[SPEAKER_11]
This is an incredible website.
I mean, wow, so much information here, as you can see.
So yeah, take a look at the website.
It's sofaf.org and learn about how they are, you know, our farming is under attack.
And yeah, like Meryl said, there's
so much here on this website that you should go through.
I'm going to get to a few questions here, Meryl, and let's see what the audience has to ask.
From Janet, are there real health risks from eating crickets like parasites or toxins that people should be aware of and beyond the biological risks,
What's really driving this push toward insect-based protein?
Is it about sustainability or is there something larger at play in the control of our food systems that you sort of touched upon?

[SPEAKER_01]
Right.
So we published something under Joy to Freedom about a year or two ago, and when someone investigated the crickets, etc., they found that there were a lot of parasites in them.
Now, whether these parasites are going to be harmful to humans is not known, but some significant percentage, like about 30 percent of the
the factory grown insects did contain parasites of one sort or another.
Now, as I said, chitin is the identified problem at the moment, but as these things actually enter the food supply, and I suspect they will, we will probably identify additional issues with this kind of food.
And why are they doing it?
As I said, it could be to degrade us.
It's certainly under the rubric of sustainability.
Food for all.
Well, we don't have a sustainable food system now.
We have to get rid of the cows.
They're belching methane.
We have to get rid of this, that, and the other.
But if we all ate bugs, then we'd have enough food for everybody and no one would go hungry.
That's the claim.
What do you think?
I think that it's a big experiment, obviously.
And I don't like experiments that are done on the entire populations.
We already had that with COVID.
It was not good.
5 billion people got a vaccine that was harmful.
And we don't want 8 billion people to be eating crickets and then find out there's some poison in them.
So I think at this point, you know, the safest thing is to make friends with a farmer and learn how to grow food yourself.

[SPEAKER_11]
Right.
Get your garden going and yeah, meet your local rancher.
Here's a question from Dr. Laura.
Dr. Tenpenny has been announcing an under the table agreement at the UN giving the WHO being in control of digital IDs and other digital surveillance.
Do you know of anything?

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, I'll tell you what I do know, which is that the during cobit, the European Union developed its own vaccine passport.
You know, and several companies did in the United States.
Now, the EU vaccine passport had other functionalities.
We know that it can be used as a digital wallet and there are probably other functions that can be put to.
But because cobit ended, they were never able to roll it out very far in the EU.
So it sat there.
It was software that the EU had paid for.
And so about a year and a half ago, they gave it to the WHO and WHO took it and said, okay, good, we'll roll it out because all of these poor people in Africa don't have an official identification and they're desperate.
They can't cross borders.
They can't get jobs.
They have to have an identification, and we're going to give them this ID.
The vaccine passport is now the official electronic ID.
And so they are trying to roll this out in Africa.
Now, will it work?
I don't know.
An attempt was made in Nigeria, which is maybe the most populous country in Africa, and is reasonably developed.
To roll out digital money and make people use that and the people didn't like it at all and they burned down banks.
And it had to roll back and there was also an attempt to restrict people to digital money in India and that too did not go very well.
So.
You know, we'll find out what happens this is all dependent on what people are willing to do and people in many other parts of the world are more savvy about this than Americans.

[SPEAKER_11]
What do you think will happen if they do that?
Or when they try that here in the US.

[SPEAKER_01]
I think there will be probably 30% of us that say no.
We have to educate the other 70%.
That's our job.
And I tell you, start with the least educated people.
Right, because it's harder to convince the educated people.

[SPEAKER_11]
No, they're too smart for that.
Question from Gary Hawkins too.
What became of the tractor protests in the Netherlands and UK?

[SPEAKER_01]
And they were in many other countries of Europe as well.
So basically that they have ended for the time being in some places.
There was a rollback of regulations in Germany.
For instance, their.
So German farmers had gotten a deal on energy and they didn't have to pay the same price for oil or natural gas as people did to heat their homes.
And the government was trying to get rid of that benefit.
And so it rolled it back.
Now, I'm not sure what happened in other countries.
There was also a big, big protest in India as well that went on for many weeks.
There are, you know, there's a lot simmering so there is a tax that has been put on livestock in Denmark.
Where over over 5 years, starting this year or next year, the tax will go up every year for 5 years and eventually by 2030.
Farmers will have to pay approximately 100 dollars a year per cow in.
methane taxes in climate control taxes.
So I think different globalist rulers are trying different things in different countries, and we don't know, again, where that will go.

[SPEAKER_11]
I mean, they're attacking from all angles.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yes, it's discussed in those 50 ways.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yes, exactly.
Exactly.
For lighthearted reading.
Question from GreenT369.
Meryl, are you aware of Thomas Massey's new Prime Act and how it will allow small farmers to sell locally in their state good and bad parts of the proposal?

[SPEAKER_01]
HR 4700.
Yes, I am.
I love Thomas Massey.
I love this bill.
This bill actually even preceded Thomas Massey, who's been in Congress about 12 years.
It was introduced a lot of times and no one paid attention to it.
But this year, because of all the issues with beef, the price, the shortages, the quality, he has 43 co-sponsors in the House.
And he has an identical bill, it's a different number in the Senate with 9 senators who are co sponsors, including the Senate majority leader.
So this bill could go forward.
In this 119th Congress, and I very strongly support it.
What it does.
So, again, the names of everything are weird, these official names, like I said, specialty crops, fruits and vegetables, that's what we want to eat, their specialty.
Well, slaughterhouse, local slaughterhouses, like local butcher shops that we used to have everywhere when I was a kid, they are called custom slaughterhouses.
and they can slaughter and process animals under a custom exemption from the USDA, but they can't sell the meat.
They can give it back to the farmer and he can use it for his own family or give it away.
But that's it so there are these little small place so local farmers where if they don't want to process the meat themselves, they bring it to a custom slaughterhouse and they're all over the country, but they're very small and generally you can't buy from them.
There are also some butchers that have meat that has been slaughtered in a USDA approved and inspected facility, but then they've brought it back to their butcher shop and they can cut it into pieces for you and you can get cuts of meat that way.
But anyway, these custom exempt are licensed by states.
But they are not inspected all the time when they're processing meat, unlike USDA inspected facilities.
But still, there are no, there are no reports of food infection, foodborne infections from these small processors.
So, what Massey's Bill 4700 would do is to allow states, so USDA has restricted states from doing this, it would allow states to determine if they want to allow these custom slaughterhouses to be able to sell meat to the public.
And probably most states would do that or they would choose, since they're all licensed anyway by the state, the state has some idea of how good they are and how bad they are.
The states do inspect them, but only occasionally.
And hopefully then local meat could be processed locally.
You wouldn't have to drive your animals 200 or 300 miles to have them slaughtered and processed.
And then you hope you've got the same meat coming back if that's what you're doing.
You could get it slaughtered right there in your own town process.
You can tell them what cuts you want, cut it to your specifications, et cetera, and sell to the public right now.
Basically, unless.
Unless you buy a herd share, which means you buy a half a cow or a quarter of a cow ahead of time while the animal is alive.
If you bought that animal while it was alive, you can get the custom slaughterhouse to process it for you.
But that's the only way at the moment.
So let's really work hard and try to get this bill passed.

[SPEAKER_11]
So yeah, so this bill would be a great benefit to everyone.

[SPEAKER_01]
Everyone.

[SPEAKER_11]
Wonderful.
I'm going to ask one more question.
Old Codger79 asks, Meryl, you're very smart.
Have you ever advised the Interior Department

[SPEAKER_01]
No.
Interior in the United States is public lands and things like that, but the Interior Department overseas is the police.
Just want to make that clear.

[SPEAKER_11]
OK, that's a good distinction.

[SPEAKER_01]
I did once advise the director of national intelligence's office on biological warfare about 17 years ago, but that was not Department of the Interior.

[SPEAKER_11]
Okay.
Thanks for the clarification.
There's so much more I want to talk to you about, but I want to be mindful of your time and I want to bring on, can you stick with us for a few, for a few more Merrill?
Okay.
I want to bring on our next guests and that is nurse Angela Woolbrick and Heather Hudson.
Welcome to VSRF live.
How are you two doing this evening?

[SPEAKER_13]
Hi, Olivia.
Hi, Dr. Nass.
Hey.

[SPEAKER_11]
Hello.
Hello, Heather.
I'm going to quickly read Heather's bio.
Heather Hudson, the mother of Cody, a young man whose life changed dramatically after his vaccine injury.
Cody has been diagnosed with a severe treatment resistant blood clotting condition called antiphospholipid syndrome.

[SPEAKER_01]
Antiphospholipid antibody.

[SPEAKER_11]
Antiphospholipid.
I got to get that right.
Antiphospholipid.
Let me get myself caught up here.
A series of plasma exchange sessions, wait, plasmapheresis, is that correct?

[SPEAKER_01]
Plasmapheresis.

[SPEAKER_11]
There's a new potential life-saving treatment, plasmapheresis.
a series of plasma exchange sessions that may help reduce the antibodies causing his condition.
But each session is extremely costly and insurance won't cover it, leaving the family to fight for care on their own.
Cody's story represents what so many vaccine injured families face, the struggle to be heard, believed, and helped.
To learn more about Cody's treatment, please visit codyslaw.org.
Every Prayer, Share and Donation helps.
Janet will drop Cody's Gifts and Go link in the chat.
And Angela and Heather, can you give us an update on what's going on with Cody right now at the moment?

[SPEAKER_13]
Oh, you're muted, Heather.

[SPEAKER_11]
Oh, yeah.
Now I know why we couldn't hear her.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah.
Sorry for the hand in the camera.
I knew he had me muted.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yes.
Livia was just asking, what's the update on Cody?
How is he doing?

[SPEAKER_14]
Well, three days ago, it was dismal.
And today, we have hope.
So he had his first plasmapheresis.
session and it went fantastically well, better than expected.
He could have had a significant reaction or rejection and he went through it with flying colors and he is definitely seeing some benefits from it already and we are just over the moon, just couldn't be happier.

[SPEAKER_13]
It makes me so happy, Heather, because Cody is so special to all of us.
He's special to me, to VSRF, to all of the vaccine injured around the world.
And he's just the sweetest man.
I mean, he was only 21 years old when he got this shot.
And he was permanently injured.
He suffered strokes.
He got this antiphospholipid antibody syndrome, throwing clots.
He's tried every treatment possible, multiple anticoags.
And nothing has helped and he's really hung in there it's it's really a miracle that he's alive and not only has he been fighting for his life since he got the shot he's such an inspiration to all the vaccine injured I there's been times where I've been in the hospital where Cody is jumped on the phone.
And talk to other vaccine injured just to give them hope and I know you are just the most fearless mom Heather like I love you so much.
And you spend all of your time as hard as life is for you you really spend all of your time, you know talking to.
Senators, you know, people in our government fighting for bills.
Cody's law will help help the world.
And I'm just amazed by all that you do and how much you fight.
And then for those that don't know, Heather had to drive the other night just a couple of nights ago to Tennessee from Florida because Cody can't be in the sun.
He has a really hard time, like many vaccine injured with with mass cell issues and dysautonomia.
And so Heather had to get on the road
late at night to drive him in darkness so that she could get up to Tennessee to get this life-saving treatment.
And I'm just so grateful that he's done so well with treatment number one.
Yeah.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_11]
And he, uh, he sent Cody sent us a little video message that I wanted to share with the audience.
So let me, let me play that now.
And he went outside, put on his shades and this heartfelt brief message.

[SPEAKER_07]
Hello, my name is Cody Hudson.
I suffered an unexpected vaccine injury in October of 2021.
I have a terminal illness.
I've had no choice but to be an advocate for a vaccine injured.
This isn't life I've wanted.
This isn't the life I want for other people.
People need care and they need help.
The VSRF Vaccine Safety Research Foundation
means life-saving treatment for me.
Please support the VSRF and support me and others like me.
I'm going to be getting plasma theresis for the first time in a few days.
I need help.
We all need help.

[SPEAKER_05]
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_13]
He said just we are in
Needing help, I'm asking, we have like the most loving viewers here at VSRF.
They're like the most loyal, caring people.
If you could do me the biggest favor and just help Cody, please do not donate to VSRF tonight.
Please give anything that you can, a dollar, $5, $10, whatever you can.
The treatments that he's getting, the plasma aphorasis is about
$36,000 each time he does this is $6,000.
And there would be nothing that would make me happier than us sponsoring his next treatment.
So far, he's got the first treatment covered, but he's got five more to go.
And then he's got, you know, potentially one or two of these a year.
And so if we could help him, you know, these, these treatments are out of pocket.
And Heather can talk a little bit more about that, you know, the vaccine injured,
They don't, they don't get treatment from hospitals.
They don't get treatment from doctor's offices.
It's, it's these types of treatments that, that actually save their lives and make them, them feel better.
So if we get help, I would be forever grateful.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, Janet just put the link in the chat.
It is give send to go.com backslash a mother's anthem.
Uh, you could see that on the screen and, uh, it's in the chat.
So yes, any, any amount, no little is not enough.
So whatever you could do would be grateful and all proceeds tonight are going in from this episode.
We'll go directly to Cody.
So thank you.

[SPEAKER_13]
Heather, do you want to give us a little bit of an update of what you're doing?

[SPEAKER_14]
Sure.
You guys broke my heart in such a good way, though.
I have a lump in my throat right now.
So Cody's case has gained quite a bit of attention and I have powdered my chest and beat my drum as you know, but it has a chance to save people nationwide and then hopefully we're going to work with other governments too.
So today I had a wonderful meeting with Dr. Latipo and I've been meeting with him.
And I brought React 19 on board and, of course, the SRF is spreading the word and getting the message out.
But his case is so well documented and it's such a tragic case of somebody who should have received treatment right away.
Like Angela said, the major hospital systems just push the vaccine injured away, and it seems unbelievable.
But now that has actually received some attention from the right people, and it looks like that's going to be investigated.
And I just learned that today in my meeting.
And so I am working on a state and a national level with all of the advocacy groups
right now and
React 19 is helping to get this particular Cody's Law initiative.
And Dr. Lattopo is working with me to do this.
And what we're doing is taking the idea of Cody's Law and trying to get it into policy in our Social Security Disability Program.
And we are getting some support.
reaching out and getting good feedback from some of our, I'm sorry, our US senators and representatives.
And we're going to do something I think similar to maybe the Great Barrington Declaration to the point where they can't say no.
We are putting in all of the top vaccine injuries so that when somebody is injured,
that they don't have to wait that 10 year claim time for the CICP or go through the BICP that they actually can submit a claim for care just like somebody who has cancer would do.
and then the claim is exp a cancer patient wait 10 to get care when you know to stay alive.
And that's now with the vaccine injur injured by a countermeas the law that I wrote for
with the help of all of the people supporting Cody and you know, especially the ones on my team.
We have a team in Florida.
We have moms that spend their day just letter writing to senators and making calls and we have thousands of people that are putting the effort in.
So Cody's case has carried that because it was the example of somebody who
was injured so severely and we had done all the testing, genetic testing and the nucleocapsid testing and all the testing that showed that he did not have COVID.
This was not a genetic issue.
He had had autoimmune testing pre-pandemic because mama has autoimmune
disease and we wanted to make sure that Cody wasn't suffering or would be suffering.
And so all of that was negative.
His is a very well documented, known worldwide case of COVID-19 vaccine injury that is terminal.
So the attention that that garnered and the people who have paid attention are helping to rattle the cage with me and
I am just so proud of my kid because as sick as he is, he's still, like you said, he'll get on the phone with vaccine injured.
He will testify, you know, in state or national legislation.
We have talked to Congress.
We will probably be speaking with Senate and Congress about his case.
And it will probably help change it.
But he represents thousands and thousands of others.
We don't want to be in this position.
I don't wish this on anybody.
It's awful.

[SPEAKER_13]
It's awful.
There's so many there's so many vaccine injured that have this antiphospholipid antibody syndrome post vaccine.
And I mean, I knew about Cody
pretty early on when this happened.
And we've spoken out numerous times.
We have had you and Cody on the show prior.
And even my own mother, who has given me permission to talk about this, she just thought that it was really, really rare.
And my poor mom on her booster, her third shot, within seven days, she developed pain all over her body and threw a clot in her eye.
and developed antiphospholipid syndrome.
And I think I had given Steve permission through my mom to post her results.
So it's very near and dear to me because it happened.
And my mom, this was her last week.
She threw a clot.
She's just a precious sweetheart and is now blind in her eye from antiphospholipid syndrome from her third booster.
And there's thousands of other vaccine injured all around the world who have developed
APS from the vaccine.
And I think Cody happens to be the youngest one that I know, only 21 years old.
But you know, they lied about him in the hospital.
They put that he had COVID.
And like Heather said, he has tested negative for nucleocapsid, has never had a positive COVID test, but it's very beneficial to have somebody injured in a hospital
with a COVID diagnosis, which is so wrong on so many levels.
It's part of the fraud and corruption.
I'm sure Dr. Nass, you've seen this, where lots of people get this COVID diagnosis, but they're really vaccine injured.

[SPEAKER_01]
Absolutely.
Plus, the hospital gets a great payment.
They can collect thousands of dollars extra if the person in the hospital gets a diagnosis of COVID.
And CDC told the hospitals, we don't even need a positive COVID test.
If you think that person has COVID, put it down.
Because they were trying to jack up the numbers to make this look like a much more severe pandemic than it was.
I wanted to say one other thing, which is that I know of people who develop
phospholipid antibody syndrome after the anthrax vaccine, too.

[SPEAKER_14]
Oh, that's great.
That's how we connected, Dr. Nass.
That's how it was.
We connected on that.
You had reached out to me and told me about that.

[SPEAKER_13]
Terrible.
All these autoimmune conditions.
But Cody is a trooper.
He's a fighter.
He's got just the sweetest heart and such a love.
And he's worth fighting for.
And I can't wait to see
what more treatments have in store for him.
And I would love just to see him healthy and out of that bed, out of the wheelchair, you know, living his life.
He didn't deserve this.
He was meant to go off to college and have a beautiful life.
And instead, he is literally fighting.
And there's so many days where he's in the hospital.
We don't hear from him.
And he's just quietly suffering and fighting and holding on.
It's all of the viewers, all of the people around the world that give him hope.
You know, Bobby Kennedy has called him.
It was just his birthday the other day, and Toby Rogers FaceTimed him.
Andrew Wakefield FaceTimed him.
Who else?
Who else did?

[SPEAKER_14]
Del Big Tree FaceTimed him.
Jenny McCarthy was trying to get on, and my phone wasn't.

[SPEAKER_13]
Cooperating exactly.
I mean, he just is loved because he's such a sweetheart and it would mean so much to me and everyone else and to Cody just to be able to help help him help him get better and do all of his wonderful things.

[SPEAKER_14]
So Angela, his case also is going to be a case that he's already has one case study to help people.
But this aspect of it, this treatment, we're hoping to help it.
to lead others, you know, to show this is what can be done.
This is how they can get help.
And we do have interests on a national and state level to find out how we can actually get the hospitals to start cooperating.
So like I said, nobody wants to be in this position, but it is such a significant case.
Cody was a runner 25 miles a week in the gym and he was a 4.0 college student just getting started when this happened and it just took the knees out from under him.
So what we have seen in the past day just a little more than not quite 48 hours since the therapy is promising.
He's actually has some improvements and I can't wait to tell you
The rest, I mean the story is coming and we are making breakthroughs and you guys are helping.
We're $24,000 behind.
$24,000 would get him all of his treatments.
That's a dollar at a time.
That's five dollars a time.
That's eight dollars.
So, you know, that's that's all it takes.
And this is not just going to help Cody and this is going to help all the others.
This mama will not stop.
And I've got so many people all over the world just saying, how can we help?
What can we do?
How many phone calls can we make?
What can we do?
I will not stop fighting for all of the injured.
I am in it to win it.
And

[SPEAKER_13]
I can't.
Heather, you're relentless and you're fierce.
I don't know anybody more motivated and just dealing with what you're dealing with, how much you do for all of us.
So I just want to thank you so much.
You win the world to me and Cody means the world to all of us.

[SPEAKER_14]
So I love you guys.
I love you guys.
I love all of you in spite.

[SPEAKER_11]
Thank you for donating and Janet just put the link in the chat again gives and go.com backslash a mother's anthem and help Cody get this treatment that he so needs and deserves.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, it's the only chance of saving his life.
He's terminally ill and the only possible treatment to.
save his life would be this.

[SPEAKER_13]
And he's everything else that he's tried.
I mean, I remember he's been on triple anticoag still throwing clots, clots in his arms, his legs, his lawn, like everywhere in the brain, the brain too.
Yes, he's out.
He's just had the roughest, roughest time and doesn't matter how many blood thinners he's on.
He's still
throwing clots everywhere.
It's just really devastating.
So it gives me hope, Heather.
It gives me hope for other vaccine injured.
I mean, that's one of the things with the vaccine injured.
There's no special magical tool or detox that you can do to get rid of these injuries.
It's just kind of trial by error.
And different things work for different people.
And so if this can truly help Cody and give him the quality of life back, it's pretty breakthrough as to how we can help other people.

[SPEAKER_14]
So I'm going to have him have the antibodies tested after each treatment so we're going to see how those are coming down and get all that documented and then of course the
case study will come and give kind of a roadmap for others.
Sometimes one thing works for some person and something else works for them.
But this is a good start.
It's something to talk to the doctors about.
And you have to, obviously, the independent doctors all over the country that are trying to help the vaccine injured.
And there's a few places that can actually do this treatment.
And we're hoping to open that up
and show the world what can happen.
Thank you.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_11]
Thank you, Heather.
And we'll keep tabs on you.
You'll keep us updated on how it goes and how things continue to progress with Cody.

[SPEAKER_14]
OK, thank you for everybody who's donating.

[SPEAKER_11]
Thank you.
Before I let you all go, Meryl, can you remind our audience where they can find you?
I know you're going to be speaking, like I said, at the top of the show at the Children's Health Defense Conference.
It is sold out.
However, there is still virtual tickets left, so you can drop in virtually, and those are available on the Children's Health Defense website.
But how else can we find you, Dr. Nass?

[SPEAKER_01]
I will also be at the Brownstone.
Oh, that's right.
Which is in Salt Lake City in about, let me see, about nine days.
Yeah.
Eight days.
So my substack,
is merylnass.substack.com, where I write some of the articles and I post other articles that I think are useful for my readers to know about.
And then we have the Door to Freedom, doortofreedom.org website, which has some information on food and farming, a lot of information on the World Health Organization and the United Nations and globalism.
how we feel, you know, a group of elite people are doing their best to take over the resources and control as much of the world as they can.
And we're fighting back.
So that's what that website talks about.
And then we have the SOFAF, SOFAF, saveourfoodandfarms.org, where we are rolling out this campaign to let people know about the crisis in farming and that we really
have to get on this and save this because otherwise in a few years we will not be able to get hold of the food that we want.

[SPEAKER_11]
Such important work you're doing, Dr. Ness.
Thank you so much.
I just realized I was so excited to start our conversation.
I didn't read your bio at the beginning like I do for everyone, so I apologize for that.
But most of our audience knows all about you, and there was so much more I wanted to touch on.
So hopefully you'll come back after all the conferences, and we can follow up on both of those.
And before I send off tonight, I want to also remind everyone to join us next week.
Next week, we're going to have Senator Ron Johnson, one of the few voices in Congress still demanding truth and accountability.
He'll join Steve Kirsch to discuss the latest developments in vaccine policy, the ongoing struggles of the vaccine injured, and what real transparency and accountability
and public health should look like in America today.
You do not want to miss this episode.
And I'm going to sign off tonight with a short clip that I montage together of a couple of news pieces that really puts the farming crisis into perspective.
Farmers, ranchers, and cattle producers across the US are speaking out against President Trump's recent plan to buy more beef
from Argentina, a movie says could help offset the soaring price of meat here at home.
But as you'll hear, many American ranchers believe this policy threatens their livelihoods and undermines our own food independence and ultimately our freedom to produce and choose American grown food.
As Merrill so eloquently explained tonight, support local if you can.
And thank you for joining us this evening.
Thank you for donating to Cody's give, send, go and
Have a great rest of your evening and weekend and we'll see you next week.
Good night.

[SPEAKER_09]
Farmers, ranchers and cattle producers are opposing President Trump's plan to buy more beef from Argentina, which he says could help offset the soaring prices of meat in the U.S.
Beef and veal prices have jumped nearly 14 percent over the past year.
But many cattle ranchers and farmers groups are concerned this move will come at their loss.
It's the latest in the series of deals the president is working on with Argentina to combat that country's deepening economic crisis.
The president defended his plan while speaking to reporters over the weekend.

[SPEAKER_12]
What do you have to say to US farmers who feel that the deal is benefiting Argentina more than it is them?

[SPEAKER_04]
Argentina's fighting for its life, young lady.
You don't know anything about it.
They're fighting for their life.
Nothing is benefiting Argentina.
They're fighting for their life.
You understand what that means?

[SPEAKER_09]
They have no money.
They have no anything.
And we're joined now by Buck Warbine, president of the National Cattlemen's Beef Association.
So help us understand your opposition.
Why are your members so strongly against expanding Argentine beef imports right now?
From the outside, ranchers appear to be
doing better with higher beef prices.
So what's the core concern?

[SPEAKER_10]
The core concern is that it's a misguided attempt to lower prices to the consumer and what the rhetoric and ideas and so forth that the president has put forth has big negative impacts on our markets like our futures market.
And that is instantaneous.
And yet the lag time from our cattle markets to the price in the grocery store is long.
I mean, that's years in the making.
And so this is going to negatively impact producers while doing almost nothing for consumers.

[SPEAKER_09]
So if not more Argentine beef, what should the administration be doing right now to help bring prices down?

[SPEAKER_10]
Yes, there are things that they can do.
It will take time, but the market will take care of itself.
And they've got the money and the commitment to build us a facility in South Texas to deal with the New World Screwworm, which is a pest making its way through Mexico that will get here.
And that's going to hurt us even more on our supplies, so they can get going on that.
They made a commitment in August, and we are very grateful for that, but nothing has happened yet.
We've got the Endangered Species Act with wolves that are killing lots of calves and black vultures doing the same thing.
And so they could work on things like the Endangered Species Act that are invasive and are hard on our producers and other regulatory items that could help ranchers be confident that they can rebuild their herd as soon as they're able to when they get grass again.
So there are things that can be done.
The main message, though, is that the markets work.
and they will work, and what we don't need is anybody manipulating them.

[SPEAKER_08]
Here at Mokan Livestock, they buy, raise, and feed cattle, also processing the meat on site.
The owner tells me this business and the smell isn't always glamorous.
It's tough and expensive, and he's afraid outsourcing meat will only shorthand hardworking American cattle farmers.

[SPEAKER_00]
all Angus cattle that we harvest.

[SPEAKER_08]
On Thursdays, Missouri farmer Jim Herzog's barn is filled with the sound of cattle being sold.

[SPEAKER_00]
We receive cattle on Wednesday, sell them on Thursdays, and we load out Thursdays and Fridays.

[SPEAKER_08]
Herzog, who's been in the business for over three decades.

[SPEAKER_00]
We've got a relationship with Springfield Grocers and US Foods.

[SPEAKER_08]
Disagrees with the president's idea to outsource more beef and feels quality will be impacted, affecting your selection at the store.

[SPEAKER_00]
They can bring it all in they want, but if you lay a steak from Argentina,
and compare it to a steak from the steak Missouri, hands down there's no comparison.

[SPEAKER_08]
According to Missouri Department of Agriculture, the state's cattle industry contributes $1.6 million to Missouri's economy.
Right now supply is low, but demand is still high.
It's an issue Herzog says will work itself out.

[SPEAKER_00]
We'll start raising more, you know, have more cows to raise more calves and it'll take time, probably three to five years

[SPEAKER_08]
and then it will start co then he feels there are b solutions to solving that

[SPEAKER_00]
help them get set up.
You a program where they can buy some cattle.
Herzog the challenges the cattle for them.
This is not a j and he's proud of what hi
