[UNKNOWN]
Let me tell you.

[SPEAKER_06]
Now this should work.
One, two, three, four, five.
Hello, hello, hello.
We are alive.
Hello, hello, hello.
We hear you.
Hello, hello, hello, hello.

[SPEAKER_05]
That's better.
Hello, Chris.

[SPEAKER_06]
It's the crazy world we're living in and I just can't see that half of us immersed in sin is how we have to get
Yeah.

[UNKNOWN]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_06]
I feel you smile, yeah.
But you are insane, it is why we're here.

[SPEAKER_04]
Tonight on VSRF Live, Steve Kirsch, Dr. Pierre Corey, and Bobby Ann Cox break down the explosive Pangburn debate, what really happened on stage, and what it means for the fight for medical freedom.

[SPEAKER_09]
It starts at the top, a trillion dollar industry named Pharma.
The captain's below.
By the way, that's a criminal syndicate.
They are now up to 65 billion in the last 20 years, no, 126 billion in the last 20 years in criminal civil penalties, which is more than double the rest of the industry's combined.
Under them sit the medical journals, high profit margins, most of it comes from pharma, almost all of it comes from pharma.
You have agencies which are fully captured in ways like CDC Foundation, FDA is the revolving door, and NIH is through royalties.
Then you have the professional societies, don't even get me started on those, those are bought and paid for.
Then you have the researchers whose careers never go anywhere if they publish inconvenient science.
Then you have Congress.
in 2021, $666,000 per member of Congress.
Then you have the Little Institute of Medicine, who's the little prostitute, hitman for all of science.

[SPEAKER_04]
Good evening, everyone, and welcome to VS RF live.
I'm your host, Livio Sanchez.
Wow.
What a week it's been.
I want to start by thanking all of you who joined us this past weekend in New York, both at the Pangburn debate on Saturday night in the Bronx and at our fundraising dinner on Sunday evening.
Your presence and support means so much to VSRF and this movement, and we truly couldn't do it without you.
Tonight, we'll take a step back to place this in a bigger context.
These debates and hearings are multiplying RFK juniors recent testimony in the Senate.
Senator Ron Johnson's powerful hearing on how the corruption of science has impacted public perception and vaccine policies.
And just yesterday, the revealing testimony of fired CDC director, Susan Monarez, what we're seeing is a pattern cracks, forming in the narrative.
more and more opportunities to bring truth to light.
And tonight, we're going to unpack it all.
This is going to be an important conversation.
First up, we're honored to welcome back the legendary Dr. Pierre Corrie, one of the most respected voices in medicine.
Tonight, he'll be giving us a post-debate debrief and sharing his first-hand perspective on what unfolded in New York.
We'll also catch up with him on the latest in his practice and the emerging trends he's observing in patient care.
Later in the program will be joined by New York City attorney Bobby and Cox, who was at the debate in person.
She'll give us her legal perspective, her impressions from inside the room and what this moment means for the broader fight for medical freedom.
And now, without further ado, I'd like to bring on, I'm going to bring both.
Wait, wait, where's Steve?
Here we go.
I'm going to put myself in the screen.
I'm going to bring on both Pierre Corrie and Steve Kirsch.
Welcome to VSRF5.
Pierre and Steve, how are you doing this evening?

[SPEAKER_09]
I'm doing all right.
You guys again.
Steve, I don't know.
Nice to see you again.

[SPEAKER_04]
Steve, you muted Steve.

[SPEAKER_09]
It's the first time Steve's been on a podcast apparently.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
Yeah.
He's, he's a technical wizard, but he can't get his microphone to work while Steve gets his sound working.
You all know Dr. Pierre, but Pierre, I want to read your bio for those that don't, uh, Dr. Pierre Corey is a world renowned critical care physician and former chief of the critical care service at the university of Wisconsin.
He pioneered point of care, ultrasound, therapeutic hypothermia,
and co-founded the frontline COVID-19 Critical Care Alliance, developing the widely cited ivermectin protocol for COVID-19 treatment.
During the pandemic, Dr. Corey led ICUs in multiple hotspots and co-authored influential research on early COVID-19 respiratory disease and corticosteroid treatment.
He remains a leading voice in evidence-based medicine and critical care dedicated to advancing patient care
And public health and I want to start with just sort of setting up.
This, this debate that we were all at Saturday night and well, the venue itself was a bit, I'm going to use the word dump.
Although there was some cool graffiti on the walls and it was an interesting place.
And I want to share a little anecdote that I personally experienced walking into the venue, which set the tone for the evening.
I was following Pierre and Steve and in the venue was.
the other debate participants, Dan Wilson and Dave Perina.
And as Steve and Pierre walked towards the stage, walking behind me was Dan and Dave.
And as we got to the front, I turned around and I extended my hand and I said, hello, nice to meet you to Dan Wilson.
And he shook my hand reluctantly.
He's like, who are you?
And I said, I'm Livio Sanchez.
I'm here with Pierre and Steve.
And they just kind of gave me a funny look.
And I turned around and Steve was right behind me.
And he witnessed that.
So Steve politely kindly said, reached out to say hello and introduce himself.
And both of them just looked at him, did not shake his hand and Dan said, we'd rather not.
And they just walked by.

[SPEAKER_05]
And that was the best part of the interview.

[SPEAKER_04]
was the best part of the debate.

[SPEAKER_09]
Can I get my own anecdote, Livio?
Yes, please.
Please, Pierre.
So these two schmucks, they apparently got the nicer green room.
Although that place was such a dump, there is no nice green room.
But they were in the way back.
Steve and I were off to the side of the stage while we're waiting to go on with some sort of screen.
And at one point, Steve and I had to use the bathroom.
So we were led to the back of the bathroom, which is right next to the green room where these two guys were.
And the guy who was doing security
was like, hey, do you want to wait in the green room while the bathroom, whoever was in the bathroom could come out.
And I had heard what that guy said about Steve, about not wanting to shake his hand.
And I said really loudly, I said, you mean go there?
No, that guy's a dick.
So I lobbed that over at this guy, Farina.
I don't even know their names, Farina Wilson.
I don't even know who they are.
But the whole thing was so terrible.
These guys were just terrible human beings.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, I do want to say that I appreciated Pangburn and Travis Pangburn for actually hosting the debate and having
the courage to have this conversation and bring two sides together.
Um, so I, I do want to acknowledge that I thought he was very courteous that evening and he did as good a job as he could moderating the debate.
Um, Steve, anything you want to add about your experience just walking in any, any anecdote or do you want to like follow up on how you felt about being snubbed?

[SPEAKER_05]
I think that sums it up pretty well.

[SPEAKER_04]
Now, I know it was a painful experience, but I did shoot a couple of clips with my iPhone that I thought maybe our audience, since we've been talking about this for a while, would want to see what the opposition, your
Your opponents what they were like and I'm just gonna play there with their intros were I'm not gonna play much else because also the debate is not available until I've been told Monday afternoon and Monday evening maybe Tuesday they are editing.
The full debate they did have five cameras so it should be a well produced video.
Um, but we're not allowed to share any of it, but I did shoot something on my phone.
So I thought I'd share and sorry to make you relive this even Pierre, but here's, here's Dave and dance, introduce their first statements of the evening.

[SPEAKER_03]
Okay, so I cannot tell you how disheartening it is to hear so many people still falling for this vaccine's autism bullshit.
It started with Andrew Wakefield in the 90s in the retracted lancet study, and it's been a plague on mankind ever since.
No matter how many studies are done, no matter how many hundreds of thousands or millions of children that are studied, where absolutely zero correlation is found,
anti-vaxxers continue to push this myth which is absolutely insane and utterly unfounded.
Not only is there zero data to support this link and a mountain of data disproving the link, it also just completely betrays any understanding of what autism even is.
Autism is an inborn
genetic based neurological condition you can't catch autism you can't get autism you are born autistic and then symptoms show up and people say oh my god it's the vaccine and it's just complete horseshit there's
Essentially nothing to discuss here.
We're going to discuss it anyway apparently, but that's how it is.

[SPEAKER_00]
I'll echo that and just a general comment about this debate.
I think that the evidence is very clear for what the right answers are for each of these topics.
and to be on stage with two people who have profited so much and gained so much from saying the complete opposite of what the facts demonstrate is frankly just a little bit frustrating.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
Um, and then, so just to be fair, before I released Steve and Pierre to have a conversation, I'm going to play a clip of Pierre and Steve from this evening.
And they had so many great moments.
I felt like just really solid and showed so much restraint because I probably wouldn't have showed as much as they did.
But here's a, another clip of Pierre and a clip of Steve, uh, during the evening.
Again, I shot this with my phone.

[SPEAKER_09]
decision to give someone a vaccine, you have to ask yourself a few questions.
What first of all, what is the risk of getting that vaccine?
What is the risk of getting that disease?
Almost all of the things that we vaccinate for now have near 100% survival.
And then you have to ask yourself, how commonly is someone exposed to that vaccine?
And when you ask, you're talking about healthy children.
This blanket program that these guys are propagandists for, they jab every arm for every disease in every child.
And if anyone who says no because there's a specific circumstance in my child, they're an anti-vaxxer.
It's ludicrous.
It's not how you practice medicine.
Medicine is nuanced and individualized.
Every patient is different.
Every product is different.
They don't even know that even the different manufacturers have different products, different risk profiles.
And then the bigger point that I want to make, and I'm just going to come back to this again and again, because they keep telling, they keep saying they're going to teach me something.
I am seeing the biggest blind spot in two people I've shared a room with in five years, which is this complete, either willful
or accidental or actually purposeful ignorance of the system in which it operates.
Science has developed sophisticated methods to suppress the risks of vaccines and it's been going on for decades.
So anyone who claims safety, that is a curated and propagandized objective.
It's called disinformation.
And by the way, all of you guys have been victims of disinformation.
You know who invented disinformation?
The tobacco industry.
They develop five tactics to get you to believe that cigarettes didn't cause harm.
Those tactics are still in play and they are still sending out propaganda.
You know what propaganda is?
It's a message or a story to get you to think or act in a certain way.

[SPEAKER_05]
If you want to show that the COVID vaccine saved lives, what you do is you look at the record level data.
We have one record level data set that's publicly available that epidemiologists can look at to prove that the COVID vaccine saved massive numbers of lives.
Do you know how many papers that have been published by epidemiologists who look at the only record level data set where you could prove that the COVID vaccine saved lives?
Do you know how many papers were published?
zero.
So look, if the COVID vaccine save lives, and we have the record level data set that would show whether or not that was true, don't you think that every epidemiologist on the planet would be rushing to that data to show see we were right?
Why are they all avoiding this publicly available record level data set that would tell us the truth?

[SPEAKER_04]
Right on.
Well, before I release you two gentlemen, I want to remind the audience, we will have a Q&A at the bottom of the hour.
If you have questions for Pierre or Steve or even Bobby Ann when she joins us, she'll be joining us in about 15 to 20 minutes.
Put your questions in the chat all caps and I'll be back a little later to introduce Bobby and to ask your questions.
So Steve and Pierre, take it away.

[SPEAKER_05]
Okay.
So hopefully my sound works now and it's synced.

[SPEAKER_09]
You're good.
So Steve, I want to tell you something.
I got a call on Saturday.
Wait, when did we debate?
We debated last Saturday, I guess.
I got a call this week from Aaron Siri.
And Aaron called me thinking that the debate was a week from now.
And he was calling me to tell me, do not do it.
And the reason why he called it.
Oh, shit.
Is I've been so blown away by his book, guys.
I think his book called Vaccines Amen is probably the most powerful book to convert anyone around the vaccines because it comes from a really experienced litigator.
and lawyer and all the stuff that we do with these debates where we interpret different data and we say this means this and they say that means that and this is insufficient.
When you're in a court of law, you gotta bring ammo and you have to have evidence to show what you're accusing or what you're claiming.
And so Aaron has the most powerful weapons and he's been deposing vaccinologists, he's been deposing all sorts of people from the pharmaceutical industry.
That guy has the receipts.
And what he told me, the reason why he was calling me to tell me not to debate these guys and which I actually regret doing that debate because just from the clips that Livio showed,
I mean, you can see, either these guys are totally loony tune and they live on Mars, or they're doing this on purpose.
But what he said, he said, you know, said when he deposes vaccinologists, pharmaceutical companies, he said, you know, they really, although they'll pretend they don't know things, they don't lie.
He said, those guys that you're debating, they will lie.
They will just spew lies.
And he says, it's not a good idea.
They're not good faith actors.
And that was my experience of debate.
I couldn't believe the things that were coming out of their mouth.
It had no relation to anything I knew about science, about diseases, about vaccines.
And I just felt it was a really unfortunate situation.
To be honest, Steve, I think, yes, we got a public debate.
Yes, we got an ability to speak our truths.
But it was done in a forum, which was so
disappointing with two humans that I felt were like, you know how what I thought of them at the end?
I thought that these were two high school biology teachers who've never left the classroom, and or they were deep state.
I don't know, to try to explain the things that were coming out of their mouths was very hard to do, but I just felt, I'm gonna be really honest, I'm gonna share with you, Steve.
I actually felt that I made a grievous error in appearing because, and this is gonna sound egotistical and grandiose,
I debased myself by appearing on a stage with those two people.
They merited no value.
They merited no credence to have a serious debate about anything scientific.
These guys were, if not amateurs, they were plants.
I don't know what it is, and I just think it was a, I think it was poor judgment, and I'm really sorry I did it.
If the opportunity to say what I know and share my expertise
outvalues that, then maybe the greater good was accomplished.
But I got to tell you, I was really, really shocked at what I was up against.

[SPEAKER_05]
So I don't disagree with you.
My motivation was different.
I've been challenging people to a vaccine debate for a long, long time.
So we finally were offered the opportunity.
So for us to back down at that point, I think would be seen as, wait a second, you're
You're shifting the goalposts, and so then you'd be accused of that.
So I wasn't going to back down, and I wanted to find out what's in the tank.
And so it was useful to find out what's in the tank, and the answer is they have an empty tank.
Now, they made some interesting points.
I mean, the point about measles and immunity amnesia is a legitimate point.
But what they fail to do is they fail to bring up both sides of the story.
So they're only seeing one side and they only communicate one side of the story.
And when they use their stories, like they said, oh, well, look at Kennedy and Samoa.
And then they give you a distorted picture of what happened in Samoa with Kennedy.
And it's very distorted.
And I remember reading a post way back that explained the whole situation.
And it's much more complicated than people know.
And these guys had no clue as to the nuances.
Then the reason that they were vaccine hesitant in Samoa had nothing to do with Kennedy.
It had to do with two kids being vaccinated and dying after they were given the vaccine.
And so that's what created the hesitancy to get the measles shot.
It wasn't because Kennedy was there and Kennedy caused it.
So it wasn't misinformation at all.
And the whole topic was this misinformation causing measles.
And the answer is, well, they deflected to Samoa because we thought they would be talking about Texas and the US.
And instead, they deflected to Samoa claiming that RFK caused the measles outbreak.
And nothing could be further from the truth.
And unfortunately, I was not
up to speed on remembering the details of the Samoa incident.
I had posted it to X maybe a year or a year and a half ago.
I think if you search my X posts for
Measles, you'll find this.
And it's an excellent article by a doctor.
I forget his name, but it's a fictitious name.
But he wrote this great article going into all of the details of this.
But these guys had no concept that anything, that it could be anything other than what they think is the story.
And so the failure to sort of engage in really finding the truth about this stuff was interesting.
And I think the highlight for me was when we came to the question of have vaccines save lives or cost lives.
I don't even remember what they gave us.
I think they may have referred to a study, maybe like by Neil Ferguson, about how these vaccines have saved lives.
And I missed my opportunity here because I had the book that
I'm blanking on his name.
He's in Hawaii.
You know what I'm talking about.
Forbidden Facts, thank you.
Yes.
Yeah, and Forbidden Facts, I think it's around page 100 in that book.
It has the list of Neil Ferguson's predictions.
And then it has a whole list of, oh, he was off by like
factor of $100,000 on that one.
He was off by a factor of, you know, $1,000 on that one.
He's off by a factor, you know, and sort of like, here's the prediction and here's what actually transpired.
And this guy has been so wrong.
And yet he is the respected go-to guy that they go to for these predictions.
And so, yeah, I missed that opportunity on that one, but I responded with, I just rattled off a list of like six things that they were just, they had no response to whatsoever.
And then I talked about the analyzing the record level data in the Czech Republic, and then nobody has done this.
And then Debankte Funk says, what's record level data?
like hello.
So these guys are like admitting that they don't know the first thing about science and data.
And then he asked me, so what's the first thing you do when you analyze data?
And
And I kind of had to think about that because it depends on the data set.
And I'm not sure that there's any one first thing.
I usually try to load it up in Excel and see if it's intact and what the fields mean and get the definition of the fields and try to understand it first.
And then I look for, well, how reliable is this data?
Did people get vaccinated after they died, stuff like that?
There are lots of missing birth dates and so forth.
So one of the first things you do is you look at the data quality.
But debunk the funk said that, no, the first thing you do when you get data is you normalize it.
You try to match the groups up.
Wow.
So you don't do any quality at all, according to debunk the funk.
The first thing you do is match groups up.

[SPEAKER_09]
So that whole part was just devolved into granularity.
And he was distracting with his stupid points.

[SPEAKER_05]
And he was, oh, and then it was accused of, I was accused of selling supplements.

[SPEAKER_09]
Really, you know you were I was but but here's I thought I was too.
I thought he said I was selling supplements That was secondarily, but yeah, there was a point which is kind of funny What does that have to do with science?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, you know at one point does that have to do with it?

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, actually, you know, I don't want to go into all the particulars.
I want to say this I Was so shocked
about what was coming out of their mouths.
Never remember.
I'm a diagnostician, right?
So I quickly arrived at the differential diagnosis of the following because I couldn't believe the people I was talking to.
I was really disappointed.
In fact,
If you see me, if you see the video of the debate, I am constantly looking at the producer and saying, I'm about to leave because I was so disgusted with what I was hearing, what I was witnessing.
It was not an honest debate.
It was not amongst equals that were scientifically educated, that understood nuances, context or anything.
I felt like I was debating school children and I thought it was demeaning to me.
But here's the differential diagnosis.
As I felt, I was looking at these two guys, and I said, either they're willful purveyors of disinformation and propaganda, or they're passive, meaning they're victims of it, and they swallow it whole, regurgitate and propagate.
And you know what I actually really think?
I think they're passive.
I think they literally believe in the establishment.
If you give them a paper published in New England Journal of Medicine, they're going to take it and shove it down your face because it's the truth.
They have no awareness.
And when I saw that, I felt like,
I have no business being here.
I'm living with two humans.
I'm on a stage with two humans on earth who have no idea what the world that they're living in.
And I was like, I live in a different world and I don't feel like I can talk.
like galactically between two languages, it just was very bizarre.

[SPEAKER_05]
Okay, so, but the interesting thing is, I think one of the most interesting things was not necessarily what was happening on stage, but what was happening in the audience, because if you, I spoke to some audience members afterwards, one guy came up expressly to introduce himself, and he said that he didn't believe anything that I said,
And he thought that everything that Pierre and I said was bullshit and that I have no science background and I don't know what I'm talking about.
And I came off as not credible at all and so forth.
So, yeah, you can write 1800 articles about vaccines and still, you know, not be credible.
But, um,
I would love to find out what's wrong with my K-Core algorithm, which has been extensively documented and reviewed by all the AI engines.
In fact, just today, I had Grock tell me I was full of shit with the algorithm.
And then I said, really?
OK, so what's wrong with it?
And he said, well, mathematically it sounds, but your assumption about this is flawed.
I said, really?
So can you give me an example here?
Because, well, Cox proportional hazards is way better because it can adjust for, it uses comorbidities and does adjustments and so forth in K-core.
It doesn't do that.
It just measures the more actual mortality of the two cohorts.
And it's much better to use the standard epidemiology approach of matching cohorts.
And I said, oh, really?
So explain to me the Qatar paper where they actually showed that when you did it the old fashioned way with strict one-to-one matching where they had all the data, they couldn't match worth beans.
And they, in fact, admitted that the matching was unable to account for the healthy vaccine effect, the static healthy vaccine, the so-called static healthy vaccine effect, which means that unvaccinated people tend to have higher mortality.
significantly by factors of 2, 3, 4, or 5 higher than the vaccinated, not because the vaccine worked, just because of selection bias.
And I said, look, it just didn't work to get rid of selection bias.
And they admitted it, whereas my methodology exactly compensates for it, because it actually measures what the impact of the selection bias is and compensates for it.
And at the end of the conversation, Grock admitted that I was right, and it was wrong.
And it said, OK, so I can now endorse the use of your method for analyzing data as a reliable way to analyze data.

[SPEAKER_09]
Nice.
So there you go.
You win, Steve.
You win.

[SPEAKER_05]
There you go.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, I don't know.

[SPEAKER_05]
Which is something that those guys would never acknowledge, which is why I like dealing with the AI engines, because at least they're honest.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, they're honest and they're absolutely malleable.
You know, I was going to bring up, I was almost in a state of shock because I really, I think I was expecting, I don't want to say an honest debate, but like at least a debate between two perceptions or interpretations of reality.
And I remember when I talked about, I said,
Because I had been preparing for the debate and I'd read a few things and I came across something about anti-vaxxers that they've actually done surveys and they've tried to assess and evaluate what makes an anti-vaxxer.
And what I took from my direct lived experience and from these studies is that to become an anti-vaxxer, there's really only two routes.
And I'm going to define an anti-vaxxer as a parent who decides to not vaccinate their child.
And there's only two ways you get there.
One is through the direct lived experience of a vaccine injury to someone in your family, yourself, your child, your nephew, your cousin.
which is that you know very well the child was healthy, happy, thriving, went to a pediatrician visit, got a vaccine, and their life was never the same again.
Completely destroyed, descending into severe
either non-verbal autism, regressing, never locking eyes with their parent.
And really, I'm talking there about the severe autistic.
And that's the lived experience of many people.
And those that have had that happen to them,
Many of them become rightly and humanitarianly invested in advocating against vaccines so that it doesn't happen to other children and other families.
So that's one.
And that's
I would say in my work with CHD, CHD I think has a large foundation of those very committed, very honorable, very humanitarian people who literally have devoted a good portion of their lives to try to communicate to the society that these vaccines can destroy your child.
That's one way.
The other way is that anti-vaxxers, when they've looked at that group, they tend to be very highly educated.
And they are people who have actually, strangely, done their own research and looked into deeper than the platitudes, than the recommendations, the safe and effective aphorisms, and actually looked into and seen all of the shenanigans, seen the absurdity of the 1986 immunity act, seen what happened to vaccines before and after.
Like one of the most fascinating points that I learned
in preparing for this debate is that the vaccine industry was literally on the verge of collapse in 1986.
The manufacturers for the pertussis vaccine, there were seven manufacturers prior to 1986, measles there were six, and polio there was three.
All of those manufacturers, though those vaccines, had exited the market because the lawsuits and the litigation from injuries were so large that they got out of the business.
In 1986, there were three manufacturers left, one for polio, one for measles, and one for pertussis.
They went to Washington and they say, we cannot manufacture any more vaccines unless you give us liability.
There's only three vaccines mandated at that point.
And so you have an industry that's on the verge of collapse.
The government responds with giving them immunity.
And then you fast forward to now, in terms of mandated vaccines, it went from three to 29.
And it's a 60 or $120 billion a year industry.
And so just looking at that, if anyone learns that, any parent learns that,
you're really going to vaccinate your child with vaccines that are produced with total liability.
And then another thing that came out of Aaron's series book, which I think is really important, is that when you are a pharmaceutical company and you are developing a drug for approval and sale to the public, without liability, you have every incentive to make sure that drug is safe to the nth degree.
Therefore, when you're talking about regular drugs that don't have immunity, the timeline for safety reviews ranges from three to seven years on average for drugs.
Since that immunity act in 1986, do you know how long the safety reviews are for childhood vaccines?

[SPEAKER_05]
About five minutes.

[SPEAKER_09]
Three days, five days, five days, and 28 days.

[SPEAKER_05]
There you go.

[SPEAKER_09]
If any parent discovers that, you cannot vaccinate your child.
Seven years to put like an anti-inflammatory on the market for safety review because you're afraid to get in a lawsuit.
But here with vaccines, there's no punishment.
There's no liability.
It takes them minutes to approve the safety.
And this is what's going into children who have no voice.
And I'm just going to stop there.
But the things that I've learned, and I just want to finish my point about anti-vaxxers, it's either direct lived experience or it's a modicum of research into this myth, this house of cards.
that the entire vaccine industry is built on.
It's not hard to find out how anomalous and how bizarre and how dangerous these vaccines are.
And so that's how you become an anti-vaxxer.
And my point of this story is when I mentioned that on stage, the response, Livy, remember the sponsor I got?
When I said, I gave the example of, you know what makes an anti-vaxxer?
It's a parent who brings their child for an MMR vaccine at 18 months, and then they never look the child again, and the child never speaks again.
And you know what he said?
I'm going to paraphrase.
He said, that's something that has never happened.
There has never been a published case of that ever happening.

[SPEAKER_05]
And that's when I was like, who said, who said that?

[SPEAKER_09]
Farina, the fatter guy, the guy without the big hair.
I don't even know what their names are.
I don't care what their names are.
These guys are complete, like just from another planet.
I don't even know what planet they live on, but he's been documented.

[SPEAKER_05]
Huh?
You know, you know, you know how Andrew Wakefield came?
You know how Andrew Wakefield came to study MMR?
It was because parents came to him.
It wasn't because he just thought of it out of the blue that this would be a good thing.
It's because parents came to him and insisted on it.
And I forgot to say earlier that the audience, people in the audience, I heard one story of somebody who brought someone who was passionately pro-vax.
And after hearing the entire debate, he said,
Okay, I'm willing to open my mind to the possibility that I might be wrong.

[SPEAKER_09]
Wow.
So so that's something that's big.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
It was also RFK's story.
It was the moms that came to him.
Yes.
He was an environmental lawyer.

[SPEAKER_05]
Same thing.

[SPEAKER_04]
They kept knocking on his door, bringing him study after study after study.
And he finally decided to look at them and change his mind.

[SPEAKER_09]
You know, Livio, there was one line that I had prepared and I wanted to drop.
And I usually don't prepare what I want to say.
But I had read it.
I think it was in Gavin's book.
But, you know, Bobby was one of the most respected lawyers and Americans in the country.
when he founded Riverkeepers, right?
And he started cleaning up rivers and focusing on mercury poisoning in the waters and fishing.
He was suing corporations, right?
When he was educated by people who went to his events and they said the greatest source of mercury is in the vaccines, no one, and then he started to call attention to the mercury and the vaccines that were making our kids sick.
They never called him anti-fish.
before, but then they started calling him anti-vax and his entire reputation credibility got destroyed.
So when he was going after the fish and the waters, it was all okay, but when we went after the vaccines, it totally changed.
And so like, I just find it,
Sad what's happened to Bobby, but I also find it so admirable.
That guy stands tall, walks through, does not care.
You can write newspaper articles that he has a worm in his brain or you know all those ludicrous things that they write about him.
He just keeps going forward, man.
He's got a true North and he just keeps going forward.
I think he's the greatest living American statesman in the world today.
I have never found
I've never seen anyone else like him.
And here I am debating on an anti-RFK tour.
Maybe that's the one thing that I probably will say that I appreciate is that I came out there to fight for Bobby, even though it was with two morons on an anti-RFK tour.
I did my part to try to defend one of the greatest Americans alive.

[SPEAKER_05]
And so, so did I.

[SPEAKER_09]
Exactly, Steve.
100%.

[SPEAKER_04]
You both did.
And I want to try to bring on a member of the audience that on Saturday night, who's here with us tonight, she's having a little technical difficulty, but I'm going to try to bring her on.
And if you can unmute Bobby, if you can hear me, I'm going to bring on, oh, we just lost her.
So I'm not going to bring on just yet, but I'm going to bring on Bobby and Cox.
Here she is back.
Let me see if I can get her on the screen.
Bobby and welcome to VSRF live.
Are you able to hear us?
And if you can, you are muted.

[SPEAKER_02]
If you can, I can, I can hear you.
Can you hear me?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yes.
Even though you're muted, which is amazing.
I feel I have superpowers now.
Maybe it's when I was the vaccine that did that.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, I'm not getting a great reception here.
So I might cut out.
I'm sorry if I do, but.
I just lost her.

[SPEAKER_05]
I don't know how she could be down how we could all be hearing that even though she's muted.

[SPEAKER_09]
I just want to say Bobby is one of my favorite people.
Bobby you were gone so I was going to say really nice things about you and your absence.

[SPEAKER_05]
Okay but now stop here because she's here you don't want her to hear it.

[SPEAKER_02]
Oh thank you thank you.
Yeah, so I was there at the debate in New York City last weekend.
And, you know, I just think the thing that was upsetting to be sitting in the audience and listening to was that, you know, you guys are trying to come with information, you know, you're citing studies, you're

[SPEAKER_04]
We lost her again.
I wanted to read her bio, but let me let her keep talking when she comes back for those that don't know.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, sorry.
And I just, I'm cutting out, so I apologize.
But, you know, I just wanted to say, you know, the other side didn't come with facts.
You know, they would, and I've seen this other times as well.
I was in Washington, D.C. last week on the 9th, when there was, you know, Senator Ron Johnson had a hearing on, you know, what, how has this become an injury?

[SPEAKER_04]
Hmm.
Yeah, she was talking.
She was at both Senator Johnson's hearing and your ours on Saturday night.

[SPEAKER_02]
And I have to say, in both instances, both in the hearing, the Senate hearing testimony, and then Saturday night at this event, the other opposition, I would say, was not coming with facts.
They would cite studies, but they wouldn't even cite them.
They would reference studies and just say, oh, there are so many studies that show that vaccines are safe, and they're effective, and they don't cause autism, and there is no link.

[SPEAKER_04]
Let's see if she comes back.
There she comes.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, and you guys would come back with a factual analysis of whatever studies they were trying to point to or rely upon, and you would point out why those studies have a problem, you know, why there are deep questions about the study or why the study has been debunked or why the study was retracted or something.
You know, they would just kind of fluff it off and not even have a conversation about it.
And it was, I felt like the.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, I'm going to turn off her video when she pops back in and that it should help with the bandwidth.

[SPEAKER_02]
I don't know.
I just felt like they were being very dismissive and they weren't coming with facts.
So that was disappointing.
You know, as an attorney, you want to hear the facts.
You want to hear both sides of an argument.
Um, and then ultimately in this case, you need the public to make their own decision.
You know, every person needs to hear the facts, hear the evidence, hear the information, um, and then come to their own conclusions.
And that doesn't happen when, when we're dealing with, um, you know, Okay, she's making a great point though.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, she is.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, so I don't even know if you guys are hearing me because it keeps cutting out.
I'm sorry if you can't hear me.

[SPEAKER_09]
We're getting most of it, Bobby.

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay, well, it's just, you know, I'm trying to make the point that as an attorney, what we do in our field is we present facts and the other side will present their facts.
And then there's a debate and there's a discourse and there's a back and forth.
And then there's a judge or a jury that decides which

[SPEAKER_04]
Right.
There was no judge or jury during this debate.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, Aaron Sirre's book is all about if you go on Amazon and you look at the description of the book, it says, do you believe in cars?
Do you believe in trucks?
Do you believe in swimming pools?
And then do you believe in vaccines?
And it's like people treat vaccines like it's a religion.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_05]
Absolutely.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, but even what you need to do is you need to allow the jury, right?
You need to allow the people.
Yeah, you need to allow the parents to decide once they've gotten all the information.
and you can't just constantly feed one side of the story.
You know, let people make informed decisions.
You know, informed consent means you have all the information from both sides, the positives and the negatives, to a vaccine, and then you have to be able to make your own decision.
You know, you can't just have one side of the story.
It's not

[SPEAKER_04]
We're doing our best, folks.
Thank you.
Yeah, maybe we'll let her let her go.
Bobby, we're having a we're struggling to keep your bandwidth going.

[SPEAKER_02]
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm not in a good spot.
I'm at an event and I stepped out to join you guys and I apologize.
I can't hook up to any secure Wi-Fi.

[SPEAKER_04]
It's quite a really appreciate you taking the time away from your event to join us.
If it keeps dropping, I wonder, can we have you back in an episode real soon where we can have you on as our special guest?
Okay, we'll let her go and we'll let Steven, let me see, she's coming right back one more time.

[SPEAKER_02]
I'm so sorry.
I am happy to come back on another time.
It just seems to be a really bad connection here right now.

[SPEAKER_04]
No worries.
Well, thank you for taking the time to come over and giving us this perspective.
And we got most of the gist of what you were saying.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, I'm so sorry.
But Pierre, keep up the great work.
Same with you, Steve.
Livio, you guys are doing great work.
So I really applaud you in trying to keep the two sides of the discourse going.
We need to have...

[SPEAKER_04]
Yes, we need to keep going.
Hang on one more second.
Give her one more shot to say goodbye.
And if not, then we'll just continue.

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay.
Yeah, I'm going to sign off.
We'll keep disturbing you guys.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_04]
See you soon.

[SPEAKER_02]
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_04]
Good night.
I'm going to leave this back to you guys.
And then if anything, then I'll come back and ask a couple more questions before we get to Q&A.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, you know, I guess my only last thought is,
You know, it's interesting as I have so many things going on and this debate was really unfortunate time.
And you know, I've done a lot of vaccine research in the last five years, but I've moved on.
Like I've already come to the conclusion about vaccines and COVID vaccines and I'm just working on a lot of other areas.
So to prepare for this debate, it meant like I'd have to go back into all the data that I've researched before and I decided not to.
I decided that I really wanted to approach the debate by bringing forth all of the evidence of disinformation, suppression, and corruption.
Because I saw what these guys are.
They're like Bible thumpers.
They look at a paper published in a major high-impact medical journal, and they heralded his truth.
And I wanted to try to introduce the idea that those journals are captured and controlled and they're propaganda machines.
And when I tried to bring that out, like for instance, that clip that you showed video, Olivia, where I called the Institute of Medicine, like prostitutes and whores or hit men or something like that, like they literally are.
It's a private organization of purported experts that the government and industry hires to debunk stuff.
So we're debating something I call debunk the funk or whatever the shithead's name is.
And literally, the IOM is an official debunking organization.
They've been debunking inconvenient science for 30 years.
They've debunked Agent Orange.
They've debunked burn pits.
They've debunked anthrax vaccine.
They've debunked Gulf War syndrome.
They've debunked vaccines and autism.
What they are are the arm of the government that prevents, that protects the government from massive compensation claims from the insane stuff that it does.
So Agent Orange, had that been proven to be toxic and injurious to veterans, would have been
dozens of billions in compensation.
Autism, you can't even put a price tag on that.
They have to protect themselves from this massive compensation risk.
And who do they hire to do that?
The Institute of Medicine.
And Steve, I just want to say that it's really Gavin De Becker's book called Forbidden Facts, which highlights that.
He literally provides the evidence for how that Institute of Medicine, very officious sounding,
that there were literally hired guns of bumblehead scientists who are going into these committees and these reviews with a predetermined conclusion.
One of the things that was so damning in that book called Forbidden Facts is that the transcripts
For the Institute of Medicine's meeting in 2001, where they were going to address the link between autism and vaccines, the transcripts of the first day of a months-long review showed
that they literally all agreed what their job was, which was to find no link.
And they spent the first few days of a month's long review arguing about what's the best language to use to show that there's no link.
You know, insufficient evidence, inconclusive evidence, more needs to be studied.
So there are all these options to obfuscate the issue.
And so you literally have hard cold evidence of an institution trying to suppress the link between vaccines.
And if you read that, you just know.
And I think, I can't remember Steve, but I tried to bring that up to them.
And I really don't even care about it anymore, but these guys are two shmucks.
They just like, oh, that's a lie.
That's dismissive.
So it was just not a serious debate.
They couldn't contend with the evidence that I gave them.
They just ignored it or dismissed it.
And so it became very, very unsatisfying.
But like I said,
We did it, Steve.
It wasn't what I thought it was going to be.
I was very naive in thinking that it was going to be anywhere near a serious debate.
But you know what?
We hit our high points, Steve.
We got our points out.
And I like your anecdote, Steve, about that person who was very pro-vax and now is considering, maybe I'm getting this wrong.
If we can achieve that with one person, maybe there'll be 100 and 1,000, and this whole revolution can keep going.
So that's all I got to say.

[SPEAKER_05]
And that's the point.
In fact, it would be good to go to that person and ask them, you know, what was it that was said that caused you to change your mind, right?
So if we can identify that, you know, was it the whole thing?
Was it a specific story?
Was it a specific fact?
You know, what was it that caused you to move from you guys are cooks to pay?
Maybe I'm wrong.
Unfortunately, I don't remember.
Let's see.
Do you remember who that was that
I know somebody told me the story that they were in the audience and they talked to this.
Maybe it was Bobby and Cox, but someone told me that, but I don't know the name of that person.
It is interesting that the vaccines, which are the safest drugs on the market, because they have to be, because it's given to healthy people.
Isn't that, it's very strange to me that of all of the drugs, that the only ones requiring liability protection
are what the medical community considers to be the safest drugs on the market.
There's some sort of lack of critical thinking skills because, wait a minute, if you're going to go and give liability protection, you would give the liability protection to the drugs which are less safe because they're still providing a net benefit.
You never give it to the ones that are the safest because there's no need to do that.
So when Pierre comes back, I'd like to find out whether the people who convert, is that because, there we go.
So people, you said that there are two kinds of converters.
One is you had a personal impact and the second one is you're a critical thinker and you analyze the data.
What's the rate?
I'm really curious what the percentage breakdown is at.
Is most of it, you know, is 90% of it the personally impacted people who are, who become anti-vaxxers or is it, are they in the minority or is it 50-50?

[SPEAKER_09]
That's a great question, Steven.
I cannot answer that with data because I don't have that data.
I will give you my gut sense from having been excommunicated from the system, become a dissident advocate in COVID and then working with organizations like CHD.
I would think
I think the majority of anti-vaxxers get there from direct lived experience.
I don't know what the size of the minority is who are just thoughtful, critical thinkers who decided to ask questions.
I think that is actually the minority.
But I don't know, I'll put a number on it.
I think 20% of the critical thinkers, the 80% are those that got hurt and damaged and are angry and
then discovered that how much they were lied to with this whole disinformation campaign around vaccines.
That's just, I'm throwing out numbers.
I don't have really data on that, Steve.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
So I'll say two other things and maybe we can open it up for questions after that.
I talked about, we talked about autism.
I said, you know, they had some CDC studies that Thomas Verstraten, who's a CDC
epidemiologist was asked to look into whether the vaccines caused autism.
So he did a study in the VSD, which is the vaccine safety data link, which is the primary source for this information, where you can do these studies off of 110,000 kids in some of the largest HMOs in the country.
And what he discovered was, I think it was 11 point something, and I always forget the percentage, but it was 11 on the risk ratio for autism and vaccines.
And if you smoke a pack of cigarettes a day, the risk ratio for lung cancer is 10.
So this was more causality.
than smoking a pack a day causing lung cancer.
So what did they do?
They told him, make the signal go away.
And four years later, he was able to do that after five rounds of revision.
And so it just shows you how you can get a statistical signal
But then you can go and say, oh, I made a mistake.
I should have done it this way.
I should have done it this way.
And then violate the protocol.
Because the research protocols are always supposed to be set up front.
So you can't game the whole study after you look at what the data says.
You're supposed to go and say, here's my research protocol.
Here's what I'm going to do.
And we're going to out.
Supposed to, yeah.
And so what happened is that when he found this 11 times risk ratio, they had the meeting at Simpsonwood saying, what the fuck do we do?
And there were comments there.
And it was supposed to be off the record, but it was transcribed.
And people were saying, well, we're going to be subject to a huge legal liability.
Like, what do we do about this?
And how do we position it to the public?
And then one scientist says, look, it's linear.
It's dose dependent.
It's linear dose dependent.
We have a problem here.
They should be talking about how do we alert the public to the problem, but what they talked about at Simpson Wood is how do we cover it up.
This is why they had an offsite meeting that wasn't on premise because if it was on site, it would be subject to FOIA.
So they did an offsite at this retreat and kept the transcript secret.
That doesn't encourage people's confidence in these people at the CDC.
They basically knew.
for 25 years that vaccines cause autism.
And what they meet about is how do we cover this up in front of the public?
So it's just like the IOM.
And the last thing is I wanted to mention that they asked me how I knew that vaccines cause autism.
And what's the mechanism?
I said, well, one of the mechanisms is aluminum and the brain.
And he said, what makes you think that?
I said, well, there's this guy named Chris Exley.
His nickname is Mr. Aluminum.
He is the world expert on aluminum in the body.
He's been covering it for like 35 years, and he's got over 200 published papers on this.
And what he found was, for example, a 12-year-old with the highest levels of aluminum in their brains ever discovered.
And then Debunk the Funk says,
Well, but table one shows a great variation in the amount of aluminum in the table.
And I'm going like, and I said, I'm not sure what you're talking about.
And he said, didn't you read the paper?
You cited this paper.
Didn't you read the paper?
Don't you know what was in?
Like, OK, so I'm supposed to remember like every single detail of what's in the paper in the table.
So he seizes on the moment.
So he thinks he's got me.
And so he says, oh, you know, the numbers roll over the place.
The reason the numbers are all over the place is very simple.
When you get a vaccine and you get aluminum deposits in your body, do you think that the aluminum distributes itself 100% equally over all parts of your brain?
So that any time that you take one of these biopsies and you take them at random, you take it at three different spots in your brain, do you think you will find exactly the same amount of aluminum every place that you look at?
Of course not.
defies, I mean, if they found that we would say that that study is obviously not credible.
Because people's brain takes up aluminum differentially depending on what the pathway is.
And it's very random as to where the aluminum deposits.
And sometimes you'll get very large deposits like gold deposits.
Do you think gold deposits itself
in in uh in mountains uniformly over the entire mountain no there are veins of gold and sometimes you you hit um uh the mother load and you find a great vein of gold and it's not uniform throughout the mountain well it's the same thing when you're looking at aluminum in the brain it doesn't deposit
evenly.
And that's exactly what this paper showed.
This paper showed that, in fact, the three samples, the highest one was like 20, and then it was 11, and then it was three, something like that.
So not at all unreasonable, but according to Debunk de Funk, this destroys the paper, that you could do biopsies in three different places and get three different results.
Anyway, this is the kind of stuff that was thrown at us.
This is how you debunk that aluminum causes autism.
They basically found the highest levels of aluminum ever in people's brains who were autistic and then who were autopsied.
And according to debunk the funk, that's just like that is discredited because when they take the samples, they're not getting the same result each time.
So PR, do you ever do biopsies?

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, for sure.

[SPEAKER_05]
So for things like aluminum in the brain, would you expect that if I took three samples from three different parts of a region of the brain that I would get exactly the same result?

[SPEAKER_09]
You absolutely wouldn't.

[SPEAKER_05]
Exactly.
Yeah, not even so.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, all right.
Let's not pretend they were making sense.
That's the sad part.
But anyway, all right, I gotta go.
I can't spend that much time.
He wanted to throw me a question or two and then I'm exhausted.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, here I'm gonna throw my bone.
One audience question that is give him some Iver Mectin, Leo.

[SPEAKER_05]
That'll perk him up.

[SPEAKER_04]
Dr. Corey, did you have your children vaxed before you woke up?

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, of course, my children, it gets even worse.
Not only were my three daughters fully vaccinated, but two of them developed catastrophic cases of pandas in their early teen years, which destroyed me and my family.
I've never been the same man ever since.
And I didn't know that pandas exploded with the explosion of the schedule.
I didn't know until COVID and I looked at vaccines that I'm literally the father of a family with two vaccine damaged kids.
I got them through by Hooker by Kirk, but those are the most traumatic years of my life and I never want to relive them.
I still am traumatized by them, but I had to save my children.
from a disease that's not even recognized by the system.
So don't even get me started on that.
But yes, the answer is, I absolutely had.
I never questioned vaccines.
They're the greatest thing ever.
They cure your, they protect your children from dying of all these terrible childhood illnesses.
You have to get vaccinated.
That's what I thought.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, I think most.
And then I'm going to ask a question for everyone.
Pierre, what if you've been working on something?
Do you want to tease up?
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah,

[SPEAKER_09]
We had a wonderful dinner on this.
The last week we had a debate on Saturday and then Steve had a fundraising dinner on Sunday at a brilliant, just awesome restaurant.
What a great crowd.
The folks that showed up were just the best people ever.
We just had a really good time and I might have had a couple of drinks and at one point I boasted and because I'll tell the audience I'm working on
I actually wrote a book in the last five weeks in this frenetic obsessive pace, but I discovered what I think is a medical breakthrough.
And I'm going to publish on it soon on my substack.
And Livio had to go after it, because I don't know if I told you guys what it was.
I'm not going to say it here.
I'm just going to say, hang in, hold on.
It'll be on the lips and tongues of everyone within a month.
But it's actually at the risk of sounding grandiose or grandstanding.
I think I've pinpointed something that is going to be majorly and broadly impactful into preserving our health and even possibly reversing illness.
And I'll be writing about that soon, but I can't say more about that now.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thank you for sharing what you shared.
And sorry to put you on the spot, but I couldn't help myself up here.
Thank you for your time, your generosity.
I know it was such a difficult situation on Saturday night.
And, uh, but I appreciate the way you conducted yourself and, uh, showing up here tonight and sharing your story.

[SPEAKER_09]
And we don't live yo live yo.
You don't know what you're thanking me for.
At the end of the debate, almost the last thing that one of those shmucks said is he called me and Steve assholes.

[SPEAKER_04]
A-holes, I remember very vividly.

[SPEAKER_09]
You don't know what was going through my head.
I literally quickly did the calculations of whether to go over and fucking pop them.
Literally, I was this close to just going over, either pop them or just kicking the chair out from them and giving a little kick in the head.
This is how I am.
And I just said, easy, easy, easy, get the hell off this stage, get out of this place.
And that's what I went with.
But I literally was going to lose my mind, Olivia, lose my mind.
I had to go on a stage where I had some schmuck who's like a high school biology teacher called me an asshole.
It was insane.
So all I know is I got through it.
I didn't kill anyone.
And I'm just going to move on with my life.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, I almost did that for you.
I came really to like just stepping in.
It was the most disrespectful part of the evening.

[SPEAKER_09]
It's ridiculous.
But anyway, I didn't kill anyone and I'm glad I'll just keep going with my life.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yes.
Yes, we're glad to go over to that.
You're what you're revealing.
Thank you so much, Pierre.
Have a great evening.

[SPEAKER_09]
That's good.
Take care, guys.
See you Steve.
Bye.

[SPEAKER_04]
So Steve, that was, thank you for the recap of this past weekend.
And I'm curious if you've had a chance to see the Susan Minarez hearing from yesterday at all.

[SPEAKER_05]
I saw clips of it where she was asked whether the CDC has any evidence to justify the B vaccine.
And she basically didn't answer the question, but answered a different question.
This is how bad these people are.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, I thought Rand Paul was fantastic.
I'm going to play a couple of clips back to back before we sign off and then I'll have another clip to sign off.
But let me play this.

[SPEAKER_07]
Does the COVID vaccine prevent transmission?

[SPEAKER_01]
The COVID vaccine can reduce viral load in individuals who are.

[SPEAKER_07]
Does it prevent transmission?

[SPEAKER_01]
When you have reduced viral load, you will have reduced transmission.

[SPEAKER_07]
But in other words, it doesn't prevent transmission.
You can still transmit the virus if you've had the vaccine.
In fact, there's been reduced ability to interfere with transmission over time.
And what we've found is the most recent one since Omicron is down around 16% reduction if there is a reduction.
Does the COVID vaccine reduce hospitalization for children under 18?

[SPEAKER_01]
It can.

[SPEAKER_07]
It doesn't.
The statistics are inconclusive and the reason you can't prove that it does is there's so few people under 18 that go to the hospital.
The numbers are extraordinarily small.
There's like 76 million kids under 18 in our country.
183 died and a few thousand went to the hospital in 2020 and 2021.
And since then the numbers have dropped precipitously and the idea and the issue needs to be discussed.
But the COVID vaccine is not reducing hospitalization.
It's not statistically significant.
Does the COVID vaccine reduce the rate of death for children under 18?

[SPEAKER_01]
It can.

[SPEAKER_07]
Once again, it can.
That's a ridiculous answer.
No, it doesn't.
And there is no statistical evidence that it does reduce the death rate.
These are statistics.
We've looked at it.
When they approved it, they had this discussion at the vaccine committee that we've been talking about.
During the discussion, they acknowledged that there was no proof of reduction in hospitalization or change the childhood routine.
Well, we should.
There is no medical reason.
What is the medical reason to give a hepatitis B vaccine to a newborn whose mom has no hepatitis?

[SPEAKER_01]
So none of the discussion points that you just brought up or ever.

[SPEAKER_07]
That's changing the childhood schedule.
What do you want?

[SPEAKER_01]
Answer the question.
Regular order, regular order.

[SPEAKER_07]
If you have your time.

[SPEAKER_06]
If you have your time already, I got mine.

[SPEAKER_07]
Look, this is the debate over changing the childhood schedule.
The hepatitis B vaccine on the schedule is given to newborns.
What is the medical, scientific reason, and proof for giving a newborn a hepatitis B vaccine if the mom is hep B negative?

[SPEAKER_01]
I want to go back to the assertion associate.

[SPEAKER_07]
What is the medical reason for giving a hepatitis B vaccine to a newborn?
See, everybody's like blithely going along.
We can't change the childhood.
You're somehow terrible if you want to change the childhood.
We should be discussing what is the childhood vaccine schedule and you should be, the burden should be on you.
You want to make all the kids take this?
The burden is upon you and the people you wouldn't fire to prove to us that we need to give our six month old a COVID vaccine
and that we need to give our one day old hepatitis B vaccine.
That's what the debate ought to be about, not whether all vaccines are good or whether we live in Alice in the Wonderland.

[SPEAKER_01]
I actually agree with you.
And I was open to the science.
I just would not pre-commit to approving all the ACIP recommendations without the science.

[SPEAKER_07]
Untrue.

[SPEAKER_05]
So in other words, we have a schedule which is not based on science and she's not going to overturn that.
unless she has the evidence to overturn it.
It's supposed to be the other way around.
You're not supposed to put it on schedule unless you have the evidence to support it being on schedule.
That's the way it works.

[SPEAKER_04]
Right.
Well, things are moving because I just noticed this while we were live, and I'm going to put this on the screen.
Here it is from the New York Times.
Kennedy's advisory panel votes to limit MMRV vaccine for children under four.
The members voted against the combination shot for measles, mumps, rubella, and chicken pox.
Chicken pox guidelines on vaccines given separately to those infections remain unchanged.
So it looks like there's.
Nice.
There's movement happening.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yes.
Yes.
There's actually critical thinkers now in the CDC.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yes, there is.
It's fantastic.
that things are happening in this direction.
Okay, before we sign off, I want to sincerely thank you for being part of VSRF Live.
Everything we do, every investigation, interview, and live stream is completely funded by viewers like you.
We don't rely on corporate sponsors or government grants, which means your support allows us to speak freely, investigate the issues that matter, and bring you the truth.
Every contribution, no matter the size, has a real impact.
It helps keep us producing content, hosting experts and educating the public about vaccine safety, medical freedom and transparency and health policy.
Your support really keeps this movement alive.
I'm going to flash this on the screen.
You can securely give at backsafety.org backslash donate or for a quick and easy way, simply text VSRF to 53-555.
That's VSRF to 53-555.
And from all of us at VSRF, thank you for standing with us and helping us continue this vital support.
Join us next Thursday again, same time, same place on VSRF Live.
We'll have a very special guest and another important conversation.
Tonight, we will close with a clip of attorney Aaron Ciri on the high wire, as Pierre was talking about earlier.
on what mob is going after scientists.
None.
That's fiction.
The real issue is legal violence.
The government taking children, barring them from school, labeling parents unfit.
Vaccine hesitancy comes from ignoring those harmed by these products.
It's about humanity and resilience.
Steve, thank you again for the debate on Saturday for showing up and conducting yourself like a true gentleman.
and bringing the data and the science, unlike the high school teachers that were on the other side.
And that's probably even too much credit.

[SPEAKER_05]
Oh, someone had to do it.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
Yeah.
And thank you everyone for being here.
Hope to see you all next week.
Have a great rest of your evening and weekend.
Bye Steve.
Thank you.
Have a good night.
Here comes the Aaron Siri clip.

[SPEAKER_08]
A mob is going after scientists.
No mob is going after scientists.
This is a fiction that people do when they want to dehumanize a group.
All he did
He didn't reveal anything about the people who don't vaccinate.
He revealed everything about himself.
He revealed how he sees the people who don't vaccinate because he sees them as violent.
He sees them as inferior.
That's why he calls out a fiction that doesn't exist, that they need to be somehow controlled.
What is he talking about?
You want to talk about sending a mob?
Him and his kin truly send mobs, the government.
When the government comes a child from you because you don't vaccinate, that is a form of violence.
It's legal violence, but it's violence in a way.
When they throw your children out of school and don't let them walk through the threshold of that building, that too is a form of school, so to speak, mob, whatever he wants to characterize it.
When they go on TV and they say those parents aren't fit,
When they talk about them in the most outrageous language possible, that they're immoral, that they're selfish, that they should be excluded from society.
What he doesn't understand, and he's just not getting it, and Senator Blumenthal doesn't get it either, is that you know what breeds the most vaccine hesitancy?
Is there utter and shameless disregard for the millions of individuals who are injured by these products in America?
far more broad.
That is what breeds vaccine hesitancy.
When you talk about these products, when I talk about these products, it's not like there's this whole universe of folks who are just so interested in this particular consumer product.
No, they have a personal, they've been personally affected by it.
That's the person I meet over and over again.
And the stories are just, it's one heartbreaking story after another.
And I will readily admit that in that moment, that bothered me when he said that.
And I don't usually, I usually don't get bothered in these hearings.
And I don't usually, it's just because it was just,
You know, we were having an exchange of facts, an exchange of evidence, a discussion about critical trial designs, a discussion of whether the evidence he put forth was good and he attacked my evidence.
Wonderful.
I welcome it.
I like those kinds of debates.
I will debate that any day with any vaccinologist, infectious disease doctor, immunologist, you name it.
Let's do it.
But that, that was an attempt to dehumanize the millions of folks whose hearts, who suffer in silence every day, see them, interact with them.
You said, I mean, it's, you know, in some ways, when their children get injured or they get injured, I often, you think that it would make them angry, but I often find it makes them even more caring.
more human in a way.
It often has the opposite effect.
Even people whose children have devastating injuries, I'm always amazed at how they, their focus is on their children.
Their focus is not on anger or revenge or vengeance.
Their focus is on their children.
And then this guy is going to sit there and pretend like these folks are going to bring the mob against scientists.
I stand exactly by my words and I stand at the tone I said them.
It is absurd and is the height of absurdity for that man or any of his kin to dare after the way they treat unvaccinated lecture.
The folks who choose to not vaccinate their next child after one child has been injured, you know, that they're somehow the ones who are going to use force in any way to get their will precisely opposite.
