[SPEAKER_07]
Diamonds are growing in the garden Raindrops are filling up the sea Excuse me, you know I beg your pardon
For this interruption Now back to Wrigley's scheduled programming
Replace in real life
Almighty and sacred

[UNKNOWN]
you

[SPEAKER_06]
Tonight on VSRF Live, as the bird flu outbreak spreads across the nation, doctors Kat Lindley and Lynn Finn will help separate fact from fiction.
And Beef Initiative founder, Texas Lim, joins to discuss the impacts on our food supply and what this could mean for national food security.

[SPEAKER_01]
Now we're being told to eat bugs.
They're trying to say that cow is destroying the climate.
What they're doing is they're trying to take animal protein out of our consumption model, turn it into basically something that's grown and produced in the labs.

[SPEAKER_09]
In this case, their dual function is creating the problem and the solution simultaneously.
So they're trying to create the
weaponized or altered or engineered virus and create the vaccine for it simultaneously.

[SPEAKER_10]
What people need to do is just make sure that their own immune system is working well.
And the things that you can do are very simple.
Reduce your stress, sleep well, eat healthy diet, healthy lifestyle, exercise, go out in the sun.

[SPEAKER_06]
Welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm your host, Livio Sanchez, and we have an important and eye-opening episode for you tonight.
We're diving into all things bird flu, separating fact from fiction, and breaking down the real impact this is having on our food supply, public health, and personal freedoms.
Joining us tonight are three incredible experts, Dr. Kat Lindley, a physician and advocate for medical freedom, Dr. Lynn Finn, an expert in infectious diseases and public health, and Texas Slim, founder of the Beef Initiative, who will shed light on what's happening within our food system.
Together, we'll cut through the noise, challenge the mainstream narrative, and give you the truth about what's really going on.
But before we dive in, let's welcome VSRF founder, Steve Kirsch, to the show.
Hello, Steve.
How are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_15]
I'm good.
I've been focused on my million-dollar challenge.
As well you should be.
Yeah, it's been pretty eye-opening, I'll tell you.
I'm kind of learning things.
When I first wrote up my argument, I said, well, the vaccine clearly increases cases.
And cases times the case fatality rate equals deaths.
And so it's a net death benefit.
And the judges wrote, we don't care about cases.
This debate is about deaths, not cases.
And I'm going like, what the fuck is going on here?
Like, who are these people?
And so I figured out that I need to talk in their language.
So instead of talking about cases, I talk about are not.
And so- Can you explain that for our audience, what that means?
Yeah, it's the reproduction number.
So it's basically how fast does the virus replicate.
And so a relatively benign virus will replicate an R0 of like two or some number greater than one.
Otherwise, it ceases to exist.
And the greater the R0, the faster the virus will spread, because it's like, how many people do you spread it to?
Do you spread it to one person, two people, three people, four people when you get it?
And what I learned today, which I have not learned in my history as a misinformation super spreader,
is that the R0 is really controlled by two things.
It's how likely you are to be infected and also how likely you are to transmit.
But did you know that there is no vaccine in history that reduces transmission?
None whatsoever.
I learned that today from a UCSF professor.
You can only impact the R0 by your susceptibility to be infected and not by your ability to transmit.
Once you have the virus, you're going to transmit it the same way as anybody else because the vaccine may help you fight it off.
It's not going to help you reduce transmission.
That makes perfect sense.
But people were saying, oh, the buck stops here and all this.
Well, it doesn't when you're infected.
So that was cool.
That means that there are really two things that a vaccine is supposed to do.
One is it's supposed to now reduce your chance of being infected.
And the second thing is that it could reduce your chance of dying if you get infected.
That's it.
That's the whole bet is those two things.
So I'm like writing the judges saying, hey, vaccines only work, you know, can prevent death in two ways.
They either reduce your susceptibility or they reduce your chance of dying.
And would you accept evidence?
either one of those, because if you don't, we have a serious problem.
And so I need to shift the judges to thinking about deaths, which are highly confounded, it turns out, and talk about what a vaccine is supposed to do and show that it does the opposite in this case.
So this vaccine increases or not, there's no doubt about it, we see higher peaks, and Israel is the perfect example.
Israel is vaccinated up to wazoo and you can see that for Omicron it has the highest peak in the world.
Now that can only happen if R0 has been increased and the only way that was increased is through vaccinating the entire population.
And so clearly R0 went the wrong way.
So then it's the infection fatality rate.
So I downloaded the latest fixed
data from CMS because the data that they had before was changed.
So now they have new data for what happened in the past.
Turns out the new data is actually better.
I like the new data because it shows that the infection fatality rate was flat.
And then they introduced the vaccines.
And what happened is the infection fatality rate doubled.

[SPEAKER_06]
Sounds pretty clear to me right there.

[SPEAKER_15]
And it happened in California.
If you just looked at California, you'd see the same effect.
And it happened
Oh, sorry.
If you just look at Santa Clara County, it went up by two and a half times in Santa Clara County.

[SPEAKER_06]
You've been making that point for a while.

[SPEAKER_15]
You've been going and testifying.
Hey guys, it's not just Santa Clara County.
It's the entire freaking United States where the infection fatality rate has increased and it went up and then it went down.
which means it wasn't really the infection fatality rate, it was just causing all-cause mortality, which was then miscategorized as a COVID infection.
And so people were classified because they had COVID at the time as dying from COVID when actually they died from this safe and effective vaccine that killed them through, you know, attacking their heart or giving the blood clots or, you know, all these other nice things, depressing their immune system.
I can show all of this stuff multiple ways now with multiple regressions, with all sorts of evidence in all sorts of different directions.
So I'm feeling pretty good.
Where are you?
How many rounds are left?
I have three rounds to go.

[SPEAKER_06]
So you're still on round three.

[SPEAKER_15]
I'm halfway through it.
I'm getting a little nervous.
I've got to make sure that the judges like
shift their mindset to being back to reality here rather than just focusing on, oh, well, deaths.
Because deaths are highly confounded.
And I'll tell you why.
When people are getting these vaccines, they're basically now increasing R0, which then increases the number of people who are infected.
If you increase the number of people infected,
You get more deaths.
So what happened is that the deaths in 2020 increased by 50%.
And we call it a victory because, oh, the argument is that, gosh, isn't it great that we had the vaccines?
The deaths only went up by 50%.
They were supposed to go up by 10x.
The problem with all of this is that if you compare Israel and Palestine, Israel and Palestine were like lockstep, you know, until the vaccines rolled out.
What happened when the vaccines rolled out?
They're in lockstep.
It didn't change.
The mortality from COVID basically, and this is just looking at COVID deaths, not all cause deaths.
If you look at the COVID deaths, Israel and Palestine, Palestine was like unvaccinated.
Israel took all the vaccines for themselves so they could be, you know, protected.
And they left Palestine with no vaccines at all.
So there's this huge disparity.
So you would think that if the vaccine worked, there'd be a divergence of the COVID deaths.
And what happened?
There was no divergence.
Hello.
Like, I don't know what these people are thinking that are supposed to be specialists in this area when there are only two ways and both of them, they can't show any evidence.

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, I'll be curious to hear what Dr. Cat Lindley and Dr. Lin Fin have to say about that as well as our big theme tonight, though, because it's all over the news.
is this bird flu.
It's now, I mean, everywhere and so much is happening.
So we're going to get to that conversation right now.
I'm going to bring on Dr. Kat Lindley and Dr. Lynn Finn.
Welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you both this evening?

[SPEAKER_09]
I'm great.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_06]
I'm going to read your bios as I normally do, and then we'll continue the conversation.
Dr. Kat Lindley is also a senior fellow at the IMA now, formerly FLCCC, is a creation-born, American-trained, board-certified family physician with a direct primary care practice in Brock, Texas.
passionate about patient care and medical freedom, she has become a strong advocate for improving health care policies and protecting patients' rights.
Dr. Lindley is a fellow of the American College of Osteopathic Family Physicians and has held leadership roles in several medical organizations, including the Global COVID Summit and the Association
of American physicians and surgeons.
She is a past president of both the Texas Osteopathic Medical Association and the Texas chapter of the American Academy of Osteopathic Family Physicians.
And in 2023, she co-founded the Global Health Project.
where she currently serves as president, leading efforts to promote health and medical freedom through education, advocacy, and outreach.
We're honored to have her here with us tonight, along with Dr. Lynn Finn, who is a physician, scientist, and early treatment advocate specializing in virology and infectious disease.
With a deep understanding of viral pathogens and disease prevention, she has been at the forefront of advocating for effective treatment, strategies, and patient-centered care.
Dr. Finn has played a key role in challenging mainstream narratives on public health and has been a vocal advocate for medical freedom and early intervention protocols.
Her expertise in virology and infectious disease has made her a valuable resource in the fight for transparent science-based health care policies.
And we're excited to have her with us here tonight as well.
And as a reminder, we are going to have Q&A at the end.
So if you have questions, put them in the chat in all caps, and I will get to as many as possible.
And after we have this conversation, Texas Slim will be joining us a little later in the program.
But for now, Steve,
Please take the conversation away.

[SPEAKER_15]
All right.
Well, I was just describing my argument.
I was noticing that Dr. Finn was nodding her head saying, yeah, that makes a lot of sense.
So now you're on camera.
Do you have any comments?
Do you see any holes in my argument?
And do you have any evidence that I'm wrong?

[SPEAKER_09]
Um, I don't see very many holes in your argument.
Um, I have some evidence that may even help you.
Um, that would be the nature paper where they discussed transmission rates in the vaccinated versus the unvaccinated and they found that the duration of shedding live virus.
Exceeded that of the unvaccinated person by several days so that.
lends one to believe that those that were vaccinated actually transmit the disease for longer than the unvaccinated does.

[SPEAKER_15]
Wow.

[SPEAKER_09]
I'll send you that paper.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, definitely.
All right.
Was there anything that you disagreed with of what I said?

[SPEAKER_09]
No.
The Arnold was all right.
The lack of divergence made perfect sense.
The fact that it's
you know, replicative all throughout the United States.
It makes perfect sense when you're dealing with a, uh, immune suppressed population.
And additionally, when you're counting a death from the vaccine on day 13 as an unvaccinated COVID death, we have a problem with flawed data to begin with.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yep.
Okay, good.
I'm glad I'm on the right track.

[SPEAKER_09]
I'm praying for you.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah.
Now, how many other infectious disease experts would agree with what we just said?

[SPEAKER_09]
They probably can't.

[SPEAKER_15]
Have you talked to your peers and asked them?

[SPEAKER_09]
I've actually retired from infectious disease, and I do clinical research solely now for obvious reasons.
Most of those that I still keep in touch with disagree, but without cause.
More of a narrative-based...

[SPEAKER_15]
It's all religion.

[SPEAKER_09]
It truly is.
I feel like they're in a trance or something.
I can't have an open discussion with them.
And it's pretty frustrating, but it is what it is.
And I quit beating myself up over it, trying to figure it out.

[SPEAKER_15]
Did you ever convince any of them that they were wrong?

[SPEAKER_09]
One, but he doesn't want to say anything.
He doesn't want to talk about it.
Get him in trouble.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, you know, it's interesting, I wrote a sub stack on the topic of how to change people's minds.
And, and I actually did the research just using chat JPT.
And I said, Hey, you know, how do you, I didn't say how you change someone to believe the vaccines are unsafe.
I just said, if you want to change people's minds on something, how do you do it?
Right?
Because otherwise you just create an enemy.
And they'll say, well, I can't talk about that topic.
So I just said, how do you change someone's position?
And the answer was, it's not easy.
You have to be friends with them and gently raise the issue rather than kind of taking them head on, saying that you're wrong.
And so you do this gradually over time.
And one of the people who are
who commented on my article, I think it was Ken something, I'm blanking on his name, but we had this discussion, I think it was in Geneva, and he said, yep, this is exactly what I told you back then.
And he said something that's really pretty interesting.
He says that people would rather die than to have to change their belief system.
I mean, it's quite stunning.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, it is.
They double down, actually.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_09]
The more absurd it is, the more vehement they become.
And it's an interesting observation over the last five years and heard, thought, hive mind mentality and psychology.

[SPEAKER_15]
And so they just don't have any when when you challenge them and ask them for, well, what's the evidence that you believe that are not has increased?
They'll just say what's in the peer review literature, talk to the CDC and people have done research on it and all this bullshit when they have no clue what they're talking about.

[SPEAKER_09]
not wrong.

[SPEAKER_15]
Just like just like fares is oh fares is is over reported.
That's why it couldn't be further from the truth.

[SPEAKER_09]
The Harvard study even shows it's less than 1%.

[SPEAKER_15]
So it is so bad.
Yeah.
So let's talk about bird flu.
Dr. Lindley, do you have do you have any comments as well on on that before we switch over to bird flu?

[SPEAKER_10]
I don't.
If Link gave you a pass and she said, you're all good, you're all good.

[SPEAKER_15]
OK, cool.
All right, good.
One down.
So bird flu.
So I noticed in the grocery store that eggs are sort of the repercussions that you notice in your daily life is that eggs are either impossible to find or they're really expensive.
And the reason for that is they're destroying all these chickens who have bird flu.
And is that right that that people are being forced to by the CDC because like what's going on here in terms of the food supply?
First of all, like what are they doing?
Is this is this the farmers thinking that this is the way to combat it?
Or is this the this is the CDC saying, hey,
You got bird flu, kill all the birds, don't let it spread.
And what would happen if there is a chicken who has bird flu and lays an egg?
What is the ramification of that?
Am I going to die or am I going to get bird flu?
You're not going to die.
What's going to happen?

[SPEAKER_09]
You're not going to die.
First of all, I believe as far as calling flocks and all of that, that's a USDA sort of mandate.
And recently, the previous person that wrote those demands, I think her name was Wong, she was fired by the new administration and she did not want to leave her job.
had to be escorted out of the building.
So, but I know one case in Colorado where a gentleman was suspected of having a flock with bird flu.
He tested this flock and there was no evidence of bird flu, but it was too late because Ms. Wong already wrote the orders for them to be called
And if he did not comply, he would be he would be penalized over a billion dollars as well as some jail time.
Yeah.
So jail time and a billion dollars.
Yeah.
Something ridiculous.
So obviously he complied.

[SPEAKER_15]
How big was his flock?

[SPEAKER_09]
Like like two chickens or no, it was a lot bigger than that.
It was something like I may have written the exact number down, but it was insane.
It was like.
40,000 birds, and so he had it.

[SPEAKER_15]
He had to kill 40,000 birds because one had had the flu.

[SPEAKER_09]
No, because they suspected in the area a prevalence of avian influenza.
He tested his flock and he couldn't find any evidence of that.
So kill them all?
So kill them all.
Just kill them all.
And, you know, there's so many red flags.

[SPEAKER_15]
God dang, I mean.
Yeah.
What?
How is that humane treatment of animals?

[SPEAKER_09]
I don't really think that's their goal here.
Let's be real.
If if he did have avian flu in his flock and the weak ones didn't make it and the strong ones survived, they would acquire long lasting robust immunity for all future

[SPEAKER_15]
Right.
And then they'd be like vaccinated, the equivalent of being vaccinated.

[SPEAKER_09]
It'll be better than vaccinated.

[SPEAKER_15]
Better than vaccinated.

[SPEAKER_09]
So it's better than vaccination.
This is where herd immunity came from.

[SPEAKER_15]
So why would you kill them?

[SPEAKER_09]
Like, what sense does that make?
It's the same mentality as the zero COVID folks, right?
We can't have a single case when they're testing asymptomatic animals with a PCR test that we don't know the surrogates, we don't know the cycle threshold, and a single assay diagnosis is not scientifically sound in any way, shape, or form.

[SPEAKER_15]
So does that mean I live in Santa Clara County?
does that mean the next time somebody, if somebody were to get the bird flu in Santa Clara County, that we need to kill everybody in Santa Clara County, just like the birds, if you find one bird that, and you test everybody, there's no bird flu, destroy the whole flock.
So why not just drop a bomb on Santa Clara County if one person has bird flu?

[SPEAKER_09]
It's different because, you know, we're human and

[SPEAKER_15]
That will fill the hospitals, that will fill the insurance.

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, it'll be decimated if you drop a bomb, but if you don't, you'll have hospital revenue, you'll have a reason to roll out a vaccine that they've already created and they've already mandated.
560 billion went to Moderna from the U S government to make an mRNA version of that.
Um, there are so many revenue streams in different levels that you have to interrupt, uh, in order to have that mindset.
But with the, with the animals, you gotta get rid of it.
That way we can get the prices higher on the food.

[SPEAKER_15]
I mean, it's, uh, Dr. Lindley, does any of this make sense to you?
I mean, if you were running the show, uh, like,

[SPEAKER_10]
Have you seen the movie Outbreak with Dustin Hoffman?

[SPEAKER_15]
No.

[SPEAKER_10]
Well, it's very similar to what you just mentioned, because there was a little town in California that got infected with the virus that was similar to Ebola, and they almost dropped a nuclear bomb on it.
So the scenario that you ran was very, very reminding me of that.

[SPEAKER_15]
I didn't even see the movie.

[SPEAKER_10]
You should.
It's actually a great movie.
At one point, I wanted to be a virologist because of that movie, and then I changed my mind.

[SPEAKER_09]
You're smart.

[SPEAKER_10]
But interestingly, it's the same playbook that we had during COVID.
And one thing that this plays right into is the One Health Initiative.
So, most people know I fought against the World Health Organization and pandemic treaty that had One Health initiative in it.
But what most people don't realize One Health is already part of our CDC and HHS.
And just in December, the CDC started their One Health framework, which essentially is asking for surveillance and vaccines
And also education.
Yes.
So collaboration between all these different departments.
And it has to do with this whole idea that we're all one big ecosystem, right?
So the lives of humans are not more important than the lives of animals or plants.
So that's why we're seeing the war on poultry and cattle.
And I actually looked up at the latest number, they had 150 some million poultry affected by this.
And it's in different states, but like Lynn was saying, even if one bird test positive.
They will call the whole flock of birds and give me that number again.
Okay, I just looked it up because I wanted to be up to date.
I'm terrible with numbers.
156,254,000 poultry affected as of February 6th.

[SPEAKER_15]
That is like the poultry population.
That's like every person in the United States divided by two.
Think about destroying half the people in the United States.
That's essentially what they've done.
That is insane.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_15]
How many doctors are speaking out about this publicly?

[SPEAKER_09]
Uh, I'll tell you, um, there are some veterinarians that have been in the cattle game for decades and they know there is something up.
They know darn well blue a has never been a situation
with cattle in history.
They know that.
And they definitely think something is up when they have to get rid of an entire herd because of, oh, first of all, you got to realize the USDA framework for testing for H5N1 across species claims that cows can be asymptomatic.
And their criteria for getting a specimen is one from each T and if one of them tests positive, the whole cows got to go.
And it's just mind boggling because asymptomatic animals do not are not transmissible for bird flu.
And this whole thing is...

[SPEAKER_15]
Even if they were, it doesn't make a difference, right?

[SPEAKER_09]
No, because what they say...

[SPEAKER_15]
It's not like the virus is going to go... You get a...

[SPEAKER_09]
It's insane.
And I'm sure Texas Slim will agree with me that it seems to be an excuse to
let's just say, create more demand for livestock in our country because they really don't want us eating animal protein.
He's spot on about that.
And they're not, you know, shy about stating that as well.

[SPEAKER_15]
Well, so Trump is now president.
Has this shifted?

[SPEAKER_09]
I hope it will.
I think the fact that they fired Wong is a good step.
That's a good step.
She's been in the agency for 22 years wreaking havoc.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah.
So what's she going to do now?
Go work for the WHO?

[SPEAKER_09]
I'm sure she will find an NGO.
She's deep state, she'll work for an NGO and find other ways to create havoc, I'm sure.
Maybe EcoHealth Alliance will be interested in her.
I don't know.

[SPEAKER_10]
This is really not that simple.
You think, okay, we have a new administration, we have new directors of these regulatory agencies coming in, they know what they're going to do.
If you really look at
Most of them, they're great people, but they don't really have experience in governmental work.
bureaucrats who've been in that position for years and they're not going to leave the jobs.
They know exactly how to run the agency from behind and push these initiatives.
And this is why I talk about this one help.
No one wants it, but it's part of CDC and HHS and a lot of money is in it and every state has it.
So now we're going to continue doing more and more testing.
to find these cases that are positive, because what is the end game?
Moderna just got a great contract, $590 million recently and $174 million in June of last year to give us the mRNA vaccine.

[SPEAKER_15]
The other thing is... Who made that decision?
Is that an HHS?

[SPEAKER_10]
This was Joe Biden's HHS.
HHS, yeah.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, the other thing that that'll never happen under under RFK.

[SPEAKER_09]
It depends on who's pushing buttons.

[SPEAKER_15]
Dang, you know, I can't wait.
It's coming soon.
RFK is coming soon.
I hear.

[SPEAKER_10]
One more point I want to bring up is what Lynn talked about the supply issue, and this is where Texas Slim can definitely dig more into it.
The problem is that we are importing beef from other countries.
And we are fighting here not to put the mRNA vaccine into our beef.
And they're getting rid of our beef by testing positive for bird flu.
So now you're going to start importing even more beef from other countries.
You have no idea what's in it.

[SPEAKER_15]
Whether it was infected by bird flu, right?

[SPEAKER_09]
Who cares if it was infected by bird flu?
There are way worse things.
China's already started vaccinating their animals.
So who wants that?

[SPEAKER_15]
Is there anybody in the entire world who is calling the shots, who is
is realized, what is going on?
Like, like, is the shots, the ones calling the shots, like the WHO and the no, no, no, I'm talking about people who are like, is there a nation on planet Earth that has banned the use of the COVID vaccines?

[SPEAKER_09]
Not banned, but there's a nation on earth that doesn't, there's poor uptake there.
Look at, just look at the African nations.

[SPEAKER_15]
But have any prohibited the use of the COVID vaccine in their country?

[SPEAKER_09]
Not to my knowledge, basically, because they were all in lockstep for the whole COVID pandemic from the start.
Aside from the previous prime minister of Tanzania, who was an actual scientist, who thought the whole thing was a farce and they killed him off, besides a few scant people like that, no, there's no one in any position of power because there's so much money involved.

[SPEAKER_15]
Wow.
I mean, it really boggles the mind.
It does.
And people don't realize it, right?
You know, there's nobody, nobody in the medical community.
Well, I guess there are people in the medical community that they're just all outside of the mainstream, you know, but none of these, like, I can't think of a single mainstream medical professional
that prominent medical professional that has switched sides.

[SPEAKER_09]
You know, maybe... Well, I see Malhotra did.
Yeah, yeah.

[SPEAKER_15]
One guy.

[SPEAKER_09]
it's like well we can get technical i mean robert malone did he was he was a difficult ship to write because you know he thought he was doing the right thing yeah i mean yeah i mean when you look at there there are lots of

[SPEAKER_15]
um people but it's not like you had a dean of a medical school in america say we got to stop these shots we're we're not going to give the shots at at at our medical facilities anymore no we're like

[SPEAKER_09]
They would be finished.
They all get too much money from pharma.
They would be finished.

[SPEAKER_15]
This is so insane.
Yes.
They're literally killing people.
Yes.
This is okay.
So what, what do we need to know about bird flu that we haven't covered?

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, I just want to be very clear to everyone listening in the need to panic is zero.
The risk is extremely low for anything.
There is no human-to-human transmission of H5N1.
There are very low numbers of cases in the United States.
And the only cases that have ever shown mortality, which if you look at the numbers, you say, oh my God, 50% mortality with this,
Yeah, most of it is in third world countries with no medical care and poor sanitation and poor all of that.
But there has been no deaths from the bird flu in the United States.
They tried to pin a death on someone in Louisiana.
Probably got run over by had got bird flu and got run over by a car right and he had diabetes he had heart disease and two other comorbidities and he was sick from that.
They happen to just swap him and i'm telling you if you are not symptomatic and you.
run a PCR for a specific pathogen that you're looking for, you can probably find it, especially if there's some cross-reactivity or old fragments, viral fragments, you can find it.
He did not die of bird flu.
The same thing happened in Mexico.
There was a case in Mexico of an earlier genotype
And the WHO came out immediately and said human Mexican death from from avian flu and.
Immediately, the Mexican health ministers came out and said, ho, ho, ho.
And it was for H5N2.
And the health minister said, he did not die of bird flu.
That is false.
So we have the world bodies like the WHO trying to stir this up in different countries.
And to what end?
Because
We know what to what end that's why we had the wherewithal to actually leave the show.
Thank God now wish we would do the same for USAID and and a host of other.
You know, NGOs.

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, this is a good time to transition and set up our next guest because the legacy media is now reporting this, like the fear porn is on full effect.
I was out looking around today and I'm going to play just one of the news clips that I found today before I bring on Texas Slim.
Check this out.

[SPEAKER_03]
There's a new strain of bird flu and it's infected a herd of dairy cattle.

[SPEAKER_12]
Experts say the risk to humans is still low.
Here's ABC's Andrea Fujii.
This morning, a strain of bird flu that had mostly been spreading in wild birds has been detected in dairy cattle.

[SPEAKER_08]
That is a concern because it shows that there's persistent risk of bird flu in cows and to the people that work closely with them.

[SPEAKER_12]
The strain was detected in cattle in Nevada last week.
It's the same strain that killed a Louisiana man in January, the first and only US death from the virus after he came into contact with a backyard flock of infected birds.
Experts say this new strain is concerning, but insists the risk to the public is low with no evidence of human-to-human spread.

[SPEAKER_08]
The ability for this virus to keep moving through animals, through whether it's wildlife or through cattle or through poultry, means that it just increases the odds of mutation and increases that chance, that clock of this virus moving into a place where it is human-to-human transmissible.

[SPEAKER_12]
People are also seeing the results of the bird flu outbreak with rising egg prices in empty store shelves.
As farmers are forced to slaughter millions of chickens a month, some businesses are struggling to keep up with soaring egg prices.

[SPEAKER_00]
Case used to be $60, $70.
Today I pay $221.

[SPEAKER_12]
And some consumers now buying their own chickens.

[SPEAKER_13]
It's because of the rising cost of eggs, the uncertainty of what's going on.
And a lot of folks are ready to just take the plunge because they want to be a little bit more self-sufficient in their own backyard.

[SPEAKER_12]
Thieves are now cashing in after about 100,000 organic eggs were stolen from a Pete and Jerry's trailer in Pennsylvania.
Those eggs worth about $40,000.
The company is now increasing their security and surveillance to prevent another egg heist.
There have been 67 human infections of bird flu.
Most of them were farm workers who have since recovered.
The detection in Nevada of this latest strain was the result of the USDA's National Milk Testing Program, just launched in December.
Andrea Fujii, ABC News, New York.

[SPEAKER_06]
And on that note, I want to welcome to VSRF Live, Texas Slim.
How are you this evening, sir?

[SPEAKER_01]
Hello, hello.
It's a fascinating evening and fascinating time.
So it's kind of interesting to disseminate all of this.
Glad to be here.

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, it's great to have you here.
I want to introduce you to our VSRF Live audience.
Texas Slim is the founder of the Beef Initiative.
It is a leading advocate for food intelligence, decentralized food systems, and regenerative ranching.
Texas Slim's mission is to reconnect consumers with local ranchers, promote food sovereignty, and educate people about the importance of nutrient-dense, ethically raised beef in an era of industrialized food production.
Through the Beef Initiative, he has built a network of independent ranchers
committed to transparency, sustainability, and health-conscious farming practices.
He has a strong voice against corporate control over our food supply, exposing the dangers of centralized food production and its impact on public health.
And tonight, Texas Slim joins us to discuss the implications of bird flu, how it's being used to influence the food industry, and what we can do to take control of our nutrition and health.
And so excited to hear your voice continuing this conversation.

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, it's time to start having a voice.
And it's across this nation that there's a lot of deceptions within our food systems.
And when I started the beef initiative, it was to give the great American rancher and operators and producers a voice that they've never really had in the digital world in which we live in right now.
And if you look at where we are, where we're standing, and what happened during COVID, it's time for a lot of people to have a voice of consumer demand.
and have a voice in this aggregated food system that we've created over my lifetime.
And I've seen a couple of food chefs in my lifetime, too, and we're about to go through a massive one, I'm pretty sure.
So it's going to be interesting.
It's a real-time facilitation.
You know, you look at the bird flu and how they're, you know, kind of using it as a
a testing ground, you know, you look at consumer facing and then you look at producer facing and there's always two different stories to tell.
So we can kind of go over a lot tonight.

[SPEAKER_06]
Now I've been hearing about this for a while.
It goes all the way back to the avian flu.
There's been such a long trend of this happening, but something feels different this week.
Something has changed over the course of your career.
What's changing now?
Why is it so front and center?
Is there, is there something really happening?
What's going on on the ground there?

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, I mean, it's like, where do you start with an industry and the timing of a vertical, you know, that we all live in here?
And if you look about what happened during COVID and what's been going on and, you know,
The beef initiative is a global initiative.
We have to.
As Kat said, Dr. Lindley said, there's one health group, one world health, there's a one world food group, and they got their marching orders a long time ago.
And within that apparatus that they built over a period of time, they've spent hundreds of millions, billions of dollars
to basically, you know, make sure that we're consuming different products moving forward because of what we've done to our water, to our soil, to our land, to our produce.
And a lot of people have lost, you know, touch with how do we get, you know, you know, we say we feed the world.
We don't feed the world anymore in the United States.
I mean, most of our food is going other places.
And, you know, you look at our beef, we, 85% of our beef is being shipped overseas.
And so 80% of the beef consumption in the United States is ground beef.
And so if you look at that, we're eating beef from every continent.
And the best beef in the world that we facilitate in the United States is being shipped over.
So, you know, where are the pain points and where do they come after this food supply?
Well, at first, you know, they've been getting ready to introduce a new protein pack across the world.
And it's like the east is basically flipping into the west, the north and the south are shifting.
And if you look at a global perspective of animal protein as a whole, they've built a lot of ranches and a lot of different continents.
And this beef industry, over in the East, over in Asia, they have nothing to do with what we're saying over here as far as bugs and everything else.
But we're eating most of our pork that's coming from China, and a lot of people don't understand that.
So where do you start with understanding of what's actually going to unfold here?

[SPEAKER_06]
What percentage of our food supply is already vaccinated?
Are they injecting with vaccines?

[SPEAKER_01]
Sure.
Let's talk about cattle.
You know, that's the most important thing for me, especially, you know, cattle need some vaccinations in the beginning.
You know, they get Blackfoot, they get certain things, but over and over, you know, as a cow, you know, goes and we give them their own immunity systems, let's just compare it to what's going on with
vaccinations, autoimmune disease, everything.
Cattle are the same way, right?
And if you look at how we vaccinate, we've had a very good protocol for a very long time, but then let's look at the vaccinations of children in the United States right now.
It's going to be the same thing, right?
The vaccination rate, the vaccination protocols, you know, the different types of maybe Evian flu.
They're always working to basically create the, you know, the issue.
And then here they come in with the solution.
We all know this.
Most people watching this program.
So you look at there's very little vaccinations needed in cattle.
That's it.
And the reason we've done it throughout the years is because you look at these feed yards.
You know, I come from West Texas, and where I grew up, they always said it smelled like money because of the manure, you know, because of all the bullshit.
And, you know, it's one of the biggest industry-specific spots in the world.
It used to be the biggest cattle feeder in the world.
And if you think about that,
What came along with being able to feed cattle this way throughout the last 50 years?
More disease comes in with this compacted way of taking cattle to market and turning it into meat.
And so you look at poultry, you look at hog,
you know the vaccinations the diseases they're all in the same chart and right now what i see is a is a global industrial food shift because you look at the 70s and how they introduce all the seed oils and especially canola into our system always called a fake commodity how many millions and hundreds of millions of dollars have been made for these multinational
You know, people that have overly subsidized our food systems made astronomical profits over the last 50 years.
Well, our soil's dying, our cattle are, you know, being shipped over.
The profit margins aren't the same.
Money's broken a little bit.
Let's get the United States of America and the West to start eating some new food and we'll just make it a nice marketing plan here.
And everybody will go along with it because our labeling is screwed up in the United States.
And a lot of people don't have market access to the right types of protein.
And that's going to come up.
When I first started the beef initiative, I said, they're going to turn beef into caviar.
And I think over the next 36 months, that's what you're going to see in the United States.
There's a lot of manipulation, and there's a lot of corruption.
And the Evian bird flu, that's just another thing that we're used to, to tell you the truth.
We don't really pay attention.
We're boots on the ground.
We have USDA inspectors and, you know, we're up, we're up and close.
I don't see it being a big deal, but I see it a big, big deal saying, you know, dairy cattle are now getting this and, you know, what are they going to do with dairy cattle?
Well, there's a big battle.
There's a big war on raw milk.
So, you know, the dairy industry is different from the poultry industry is different from the hog industry.
But you know what, we've lost over 141,000 farms in the United States of America the last five years.

[SPEAKER_15]
Wow, that's insane.

[SPEAKER_01]
It is.
And if you look at what how that's happened, it's asset reallocation, it's land management, let's talk poultry in Tyson, you know, they'll shut down 50 poultry farmers, because those poultry farmers now, they have to go by Tyson's protocols.
And so now Tyson is shutting down processing plants, shipping a lot of stuff overseas.
And so all these family farms are now either liquidated or they're just brought into another protocol of multinational control, new contracts, new loans, new debt.
So, you know, agriculture, people don't understand how we've lost access to getting good money, loans, and having market access, a peer to peer consumer demand.
And that's the most important thing in the United States right now is growing up and shaking hands with a rancher or an operator, somebody that's out there that's living in these solutions.
Because like I said, our children are sick, our land is sick from the way we've stewarded our land, our water tables.
And so if you look at what they're looking at as well, they can't make the same amount of profits.
And what's driving agriculture is a lot of chemicals and pharmaceuticals.
Just like what's driving humans right now.

[SPEAKER_15]
What?
How many vaccines will a cow get before the cow turns 18?
Will it be like 74 vaccinations or what?
Right.
Well, they have to follow the CDC schedule, right?

[SPEAKER_01]
Right.

[SPEAKER_15]
Well, you want to get an HPV vaccine like, you know, like right when you're born and

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, you get a couple of very key because, you know, cattle, there's some, you know, there's some vulnerabilities.
Like I said, Blackfoot, that's very important.
You got to pay attention to that.
If that even happens, you know, in the beef initiative, let me kind of create some clarity.
You asked how many vaccines?
Well, which technology use agreement are you up against?
Or are you an independent farmer or rancher that doesn't follow the protocol of the multinational system, especially the pharmaceuticals?
And so you don't have to be a part of the system, but if you are a commercial guy that's ranching and you have a pretty big herd, you're going to be vaccinating up to the schedule of, you know, what you're told to by your agreements with, you know, whoever you're being sponsored by, you know, and also, you know, what else as far as where you get your money, because the pharmaceutical companies are looking at the banks and saying, hey, make sure this loan is attached to this type of
Program that Monsanto and bears done.
So if you look at the catalyst same thing as you know health health care same time So so how many vaccines will a cow get?
Depends it depends on how much they want to give them and they'll be accepted in Give me give me give me give me give me a number 95 percent
It could be all the way to 17, to 69, to 52, but it's not going to be as much as they've got into the humans by now.
It really is.
It's a change.

[SPEAKER_15]
So a cow can get 79 vaccinations?

[SPEAKER_01]
No, I'd never heard of that.
I was kind of being sarcastic, but I think more than two to three vaccinations, there shouldn't even be discussion because it's not needed.
The reason that they overly vaccinate is because
you have 50,000 cattle squeezed in together.
And that's why they're bringing up the diseases and all the bacterias.
I think it shouldn't be an issue that cattle don't need that much because what you have is an industry that is overly compacted and taking away our market access to what used to be very pure.
And so in the beef initiative, we don't talk vaccinations.
We don't talk any of that because that's not the protocols that we follow.
If you're going to eat beef from Albertsons and Kroger's in Costco, it doesn't matter how many vaccinations you can identify in the United States because that beef is probably from Uruguay or it's either from Brazil or it's South America or Africa, New Zealand, and who's vaccinating overseas?
So isn't one, two, three vaccinations too many?
And that's what the consumer should really start paying attention to.
When is it viable?
You don't have to vaccinate livestock.
If you take care of them, let them take care of the soil and the earth like they've been doing since the beginning of time.
You don't need all this introduction into the pharmaceutical world that they're trying to push on the United States, across the citizens as well.
It's up to the consumer to understand.
Go ahead.

[SPEAKER_06]
How many vaccines do cattle from the beef initiative get?

[SPEAKER_01]
Zero.

[SPEAKER_06]
Zero, right.
So you guys, no one in your group vaccinates at all.

[SPEAKER_01]
And that's why I don't like to talk vaccinations because I think that's the wrong focus.
Let's talk about how you raise cattle the right way, the way we're used to, the way my grandparents did and everybody else's grandparents did in the cattle industry.
Vaccinations have always been a slow curve of introduction into livestock.
So let's talk about why it's needed, right?
Well, if you really want to eat purity in a whole food and make sure that you're organic and everything, you go up and shake a rancher's hand because I guarantee anywhere in the United States, you can leave and go in any direction and drive a half a day and you're going to meet somebody that will feed you for the rest of your life.
and they will educate you in a way that the tv is not going to scare you and you find out all this fear porn with all this everything that they're doing to our animals our majestic animals that we have and we've been taking care of for hundreds of years the narrative is off it's time for to say i don't even care about vaccinations because i will not accept them we have producers and ranchers to say the same thing
You know what type of processing center you coming through you coming through a USDA or you're coming through a state certified processing, you're going through more multinational processing that's JBS or Tyson, or, you know, you know all the other ones cargo cargo one of the biggest in the world.
If you're going to go in that protocol, how much money they're making off of vaccinations, they've talked to the pharmaceutical industry.
There's so many great producers in the state of Texas, in the tri-state area here, and they'll take that cow all the way up to almost time.
He has to sell it.
He has to make his money.
And then after, you know, at that wholesale, that auction, who knows what happens to that cattle?
Let's look at all the markets that are making profits off of pharmaceuticals, off of beef in China or baloney in, you know, small town Texas.
There's so many variables that get thrown into that.
Who's making the money?
Let's follow the money.
And that's what we do in the beef initiative.

[SPEAKER_15]
So is there a study of fully-vaxxed versus fully-unvaxxed cows to see which cows have ADHD and autism and chronic disease and so forth?

[SPEAKER_01]
You bet, there's all kinds of studies, but you look about who's doing the studies and you look at A&M universities and agriculture universities, where's the money coming from for that type of research?
But then if you look at the beef initiative and one of our partners is Better Fed Foods, now we're basically associated together and they're a regenerative input system.
And they're actually about to sign a really good contract up in South Dakota for a vertically integrated
security food system.
So we've been doing studies on beef in this regenerative way for 50 years almost, because this is how we've always believed in it.
Bernie Hanson has never been part of that commodity commercial side of things, of GMOs and everything.
So we have decades of studies of plain beef with Omega-3s, all kinds of good stuff coming out of Kansas State University.
So yeah, we're going to start opening the books up of the historical research that we have.
because we find now that people are really understanding, you know, that beef is not going to kill you, cholesterol, you know, everything that people are discovering as far as clarity, we can now bring scientific, you know, studies of biology that now people have to pay attention to whenever it's consuming.
And if you look what they're doing with the One World Food Group and Track and Trace and everything that we're coming up against,
Transparency in food is gonna be here and we wanna lead that charge because there's gonna be a lot of lies in the old system of food.
And so there's a lot, so much going on right now.
It's best to, we always say build and buy local, but broadcast global.
Build out community with handshakes of people, come through the gates of the beef initiative.
We have the nonprofit and that's really a big supporting arm for ranchers now.
And, you know, that's just a big long story of about what we've been separated for, you know, as far as having access to our consumers that we need us locally, but also the financial tools and the education, just like we were talking about earlier with the doctors, you know, the cognitive dissonance that's wrapped in complacency and who knows what human behavior, but
You know, you get that same thing in the in the agriculture, too.
And so we're up against a lot of things, but there's a movement coming to where I think if consumers, doctors, medical always said this is a great American health initiative being led by the great American rancher and a lot of people coming on board because they want the purity back in their health and, you know, in the type of food that they eat and they want to know more about it.

[SPEAKER_15]
So so have things gotten better since Trump?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, there's a lot of things that I was very terrified of.
And we would have basically, I believe if, and I'll be honest, if Biden would have got this and they would have had everything in place, Ms. Wong, you know, Ms. Wong being escorted out by the swapment team, you know, she, how many animals did she call over the last four to five years?
Okay, look how many she called across the four or five years.
How many family farms did we lose?
Now let's start correlating all this stuff together.
We're in right now, we're under basically a national security threat in our food system.
And I'll be bold to say it.
We have the lowest inventory of cattle.
They're killing off a third of our poultry.
We're getting most of our hog from China.
Let's put it all together.
This is a global industrial food shift.
And certain people will have different, you know, reactions or whatever happens to them from the cities to rule America.
It's going to be a different story.

[SPEAKER_15]
So do you think she was paid?
Do you think she's paid off?

[SPEAKER_01]
Oh, by far, I know they have been.
Like I said, back in 2017 when we had this massive consolidation with Barry Monsanto, you look at all the food corporations, USDA has been financing and allowing the fake meat industry to try to redefine the definition of meat.
So look at that in a database on a global scale of global financing and all of a sudden your data attributes not letting you sell your product anymore.
They've thought this out for a long time.
And so we have to be very, very aware of what they're trying to do.
And there's a lot of people that do a lot of quotes that you control the people, you control the world.
And one thing that they can do, money's pretty broken right now.
Trump's going to bring some new economy to agriculture, I believe.
But there's going to be new technology in agriculture.
There's going to be new loans, new different types of land management, and it's going to come hard and fast.
If you're not prepared to go into the next 10 years, there's going to be more people that we lose in independent farming and ranching in the United States, for sure.
Once again, we got to talk about consumer demand.
Okay, everybody's talking about the avion flu.
Just don't pay attention to it and go straight to the source and we've got something called beef maps.
It's over 250 locations in the United States.
We've started out with ranching and beef, but we're going to layer that in with everything we can, but it's by consumer demand.
We want all of our producers and ranchers to be sold out.
We're getting into herd share programs.
We're feeding communities.
We're giving educational grants.
And so we've got an innovative think tank and then we have a nonprofit.
So people can really change their life pretty quick right now because of COVID.
We had a lot of experience with not having market access to food.
And so a lot of people got very creative.
A lot of people like us have built.
You can change like that and you can create some of the best relationships in the world and you can get healthy for sure because it's this is what we need to understand the type of
multinational heavy processed food.
It's not worth eating.
It's not worth feeding your kids anymore.
And if you can separate out of that, not everybody can, but it's time to make a move.
And with that move, we have a new vertically integrated food security system that kind of sets a standard.
And us ranchers have been talking about that a lot.
We see promising things, but we've got to get more people to come to us instead of a marketing plan.

[SPEAKER_06]
What kind of threats are you facing from the multinational corporations and the government?
Are you under any sort of attack for your practices?

[SPEAKER_01]
Uh, they don't attack.
Now we're, we're nothing, you know, you look at how big the beef industry is a 400, I don't know, 400 and let's say 420 to $460 billion industry.
Okay.
And you look at that 80% of our beef in the United States is burger, you know, so you look about where are we threatening that we're going to stop selling beef to China?
That's never going to stop.
That's going to explode even bigger now.
And so if you look about what we're doing, they're more afraid of basically changing the protocol of, you know, the same thing that we're going through in human health.
And so if you look at getting rid of pharmaceuticals in agriculture like we can downgrade it out to where there's zero vaccines, that's a threat.
As far as consumer demand, you know, how do they control, how do they ship beef to China?
It's because they have these multinational processing centers that kill 5,000 cattle a day and then they don't even feed those local communities.
We don't have access to that meat.
So, you know, how does that play out when people don't even realize that?
And so it's not one thing I'm a very afraid of is the labor force is pretty dead, especially in agriculture, especially in processing.
And we're getting a lot of people out of our country.
Now, you know, there's a reverse migration and a lot of processing centers, a lot of these multinational corporations where they're going into that new realm of technology.
They're bringing new debt.
And so processing centers are going to take humans out of it too.
They've got robotics.
And so that that shift that I talked about is that industrial shift.
And so if you pay attention to that, that's whenever they introduce a new fake commodity into the food system.
They take animals and then they, you know, Tyson, I talked about that protein pack.
Tyson has processing plants now that are doing beef and fake meat all at the same time.
And so they're taking livestock out, introducing this new sludge of cricket dust or whatever it's going to be.
It's fake meat.
It's a fake commodity.
And so you'll see that happen with the labor force changing and then these processing plants changing, and it's gonna be a fascinating turnover.
But once again, I think it's the best opportunity in the world that I've ever seen as being in cattle ranching and being in agriculture and raising a family.
This is empowering, but you have to quit feeding the beast and quit validating the deceptions that you can identify when it comes to nutrition, when it comes to the density of health,
Where does minerals come from?
Food is not science.
It's biology.
And it's time to get back to that.

[SPEAKER_15]
Do you think that eating artificial meat is bad for people?
And if so, how would you justify it?
What evidence do you have?

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, if you look at artificial mate, I'll go back, you know, artificial meat is science, it's not biology.
And if you look about how we've separated ourselves from actually what is food, you know, and where does food come from and where does health come from.
Well, it comes way deep down in the soil, and so you can act like they've created all these artificial ways of, you know, vitamins, minerals, nutrition, but the health of this nation, we're under a health epidemic that's never been seen before in human history.
And so I don't even entertain the thought that fake meat would even be something I would even consider
Even you know, let my dog eat and so, you know, and I'm that's that's not being overly sarcastic I've I've tried all the substitutes but the thing about it is health comes from pure animal protein and nutrition and you know That's what they're trying to take out of everybody's mindset and that's dangerous because you know We have kids now that don't get enough animal protein and they've got fatty liver disease in the United States.
Yeah
And so let's get back to talking about what food really is.
And I'm not going to validate the exceptions of Bill Gates.
You know, 13, I think about 13 of these fake meat companies came straight out of Tel Aviv and Israel, I think.
So where's the money?
Where's the money coming from?
And why are they doing this?
Because food is not profitable anymore.
But if you look at how we consume in the United States and the West, they can keep it profitable because it tastes good.
And so, you know, they're not going to sell you a 3D printed steak.
but they're gonna give Johnny all kinds of cricket dust and everything that he will never even know that he's consuming and he will never have a core foundation of protein that he needed.
And so that's what the discussion really needs to be about.
And I think that, you know, fake meat, you know, what about, you know, dye red and everything that RFK Jr. is now gonna get to bring.
I don't think we have the discussion about fake anything anymore.
I think it's about purity and health, especially for our children.

[SPEAKER_15]
So I imagine you're pretty excited about having RFK be the new head of HHS.

[SPEAKER_01]
Oh, hell yeah.
He's going to unfold so much.
You know, I started the beef initiative to save children's lives, you know, and my tools are the ranchers and relationships with them and how they steward our land and our cattle.
RFP is going to save a lot of people.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_15]
So is he supported by all the ranchers that you know, or is it split?

[SPEAKER_01]
Oh, no.
Oh, no, it's going to be split.
Yeah, never.
I mean, a lot of them aren't going to say it, but you think about how compromised we are in this centralized
System, I mean, you know, we've got cattle right now at the lowest inventory we've ever had.
We've got the highest prices at auction house.
I don't know where that money is coming from.
We're not going to have cattle.
It takes seven years for a nation to rebuild its herd.
And so you look about what they've done with the calling and now we don't have crazy and we're shipping all of our beef overseas This is a shift and I guarantee the East is gonna become the West and the West is gonna be So what's the split then?

[SPEAKER_15]
Supporting RFK.
What would it be like 60 40 90 10?
Like what's the

[SPEAKER_01]
I think as we progress, you know, especially because of COVID, it would have been a lot different, but I think probably about 60, 40, depends on, you know, who you're leveraged, but 60% support, 60% sure you bet, you bet, you know, and, but I don't like to generalize the cattle industry.
It's too big, you know, 90% of cattle is, you know, traded behind a computer.
And you got somebody up in Montana down in Florida, you know, down in Florida, they call their Cowboys crackers.
And so it's a diverse bunch of boys and they have a lot of different, you know, types of, you know, dependencies and what are they leveraged into?
You know, some regenerative people, you know, there's some really good commodity guys wanting to get into regenerative more.
So you're seeing that shift and it'll be hard to see.
But I think in closed rooms, more people would not like him because it would shift the industry in which they're invested in.
And it'd be hard to get out and kind of transition out of, you know.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah.
Sweet, go to audience questions.

[SPEAKER_06]
One more thing I wanna follow up on.
I saw a video with Dr. Finn talking about Deborah Birx and her want to test our food supply, test the chickens.
And I think the cow, remember that?
Dr. Finn, I think I saw you in a video talking about that and I wanted to get your take and Texas Slim take on testing and do you test Texas Slim?

[SPEAKER_09]
Deborah Berks, she's being scientifically disingenuous by even suggesting such a thing.
You hear words like biosurveillance, and these words mean something to them.
To the average Joe, it's like, oh, they're doing their job to protect us.
But what it really is is,
asymptomatic testing, mass testing, and it's blind testing without case identification.
And when you blind test like that, all you're doing is making the test makers wealthy and pressuring the farmer to the point where they're squeezed.
and you're putting a real strain on the food supply.
She, I jokingly said, I really want to tighten her scarf a little more.
It's not tight enough.
But when she goes out and gets rolled around on these platforms to say such ignorant things, she's not doing the service of epidemiology any good because what she's saying is complete bollocks.

[SPEAKER_06]
Is it even possible, Texas Limb, to do something like she's advocating for?

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, that's what I talk about all the time and, you know, Justin Trammell is one of the first ranchers
that I showed hands with when we started the beef initiative and he's been a, he was first poultry.
He does hog, he does poultry, he does everything and he does lamb, he does cows.
It's a fascinating partnership that we have right now and he's on the farm, he's on pharma, it's a farm and ranch freedom alliance.
And so we have conversations all the time because we have relationships with inspectors, you know, USDA and state and we're in Texas.
And so most everything that they're trying to do now is BS and it's lies, it's deceptions, it plays on ignorance.
If somebody comes out to where we have a processing center out here, be it poultry, USDA tries to come up and test?
No, they're not coming to test the damn thing.
It's a hard no.

[SPEAKER_09]
What they're doing is they're creating an excuse.
They're creating an excuse to call herds because they're going to take, you have no asymptomatic, you have no symptomatic animals on your farm.
They're going to start mass testing every week until they find fragments enough at a high cycle threshold to call a positive.
And then they have an excuse to completely
Take you out and it's no different than the eighties and HIV or the swine flu.

[SPEAKER_15]
That's not happening now anymore is it.
Change it with the change in in management.

[SPEAKER_09]
I think they've kind of pulled back a little bit, but what really gets me, I read a paper recently where up at the University of Minnesota at the Raptor Center, they did serology testing, which isn't PCR.
It's just checking for antibodies in the blood to H5N1.
the raptors that they tested, 70, I believe it was 76% of them were positive for serology, meaning they acquired the bird flu, they overcame the bird flu, they have lasting immunity, they're good to go.

[SPEAKER_15]
And they weren't destroyed?
Are you kidding me?
Oh my God.
What a mistake.
Can we destroy them now?
Human intervention.
Before it's too late?

[SPEAKER_09]
It's literally human intervention causing this, because if they were left,
alone, they would overcome it.
It's not a big deal.

[SPEAKER_15]
And it's like the same thing with COVID vaccine, right?
They made things worse.
Correct.
By rolling out the vaccine.
It's a justification.

[SPEAKER_01]
And look how they do recalls on beef.
They recall 40,000 pounds of beef and ground beef.
And why do they do that?
Well, that ground beef has got, there's tests been done and a lot of people have heard it, but one pound of ground beef in a Texas processing plant that's close to Mexico had 92 different genetics in it.
So, you know, how does that happen?
Well, those are big vats.
It's big processing, something the American people never see.
And that same thing with disease.
And so if you have those big factory systems, you know, you're going to have more disease, you're going to have more bacteria.
and by consumer demand and us not really knowing and trusting the system that's been broken for quite a while.
I mean, the food pyramid came a long time ago.

[SPEAKER_11]
What a joke.

[SPEAKER_01]
We got to figure this crap out.
They've taken protein out of our system slowly methodically and they're about to do it again.
And unsuspecting people will go along with this.
And you look at our medical disease, it's time to get some food intelligence in our lives because it's very important to really understand what health is, metabolic, you know, gut biome stuff at this point in time.

[SPEAKER_15]
Who's the new head of USDA?
Is there an appointee?

[SPEAKER_09]
I don't believe.

[SPEAKER_01]
Not yet, not that I've heard of.

[SPEAKER_09]
I do have a question for Texas Slim.
What are your thoughts on Robert Cadlec?
As far as?
His actions at the USDA throughout his tenure.

[SPEAKER_01]
You know what, as far as it's
It's kind of funny.
It's political.
There's a lot of stuff for there that I don't really even pay attention about.
And this is something that we can be very transparent about.
We have a lot of people that look at these politicians and bureaucrats.
And, you know, the way that we operate in the beef initiative is I haven't watched TV in over five years.
And that's the God honest truth.
And us producers, cattle boys, we've got our connections within the politicians.
We know, and we don't have to really give too much credit to people that don't deserve credit.
And we know the right people in policy.
And as far as policy, and who are we talking to in the state of Texas that knows the right people?
And so we play on a different level.
And that's something that's important.

[SPEAKER_09]
You might find it interesting to do a little deep dive on him and his- I'd love to.
In his activity.

[SPEAKER_01]
Right.
I'm going to ask Breanna because you know, Breanna is the best research analyst on the planet right now in agriculture.
And she's had some amazing things just come down in South Dakota.
So that would be a question that you would ask Breanna Sagdahl right there.
But beyond that, we do really good research.
So if you give me a mark, I'll tell you anything you want.
That's what I did for a living, you know, whenever I got kicked out of agriculture at 19.
So we do some pretty good research.
So thanks for the lead.

[SPEAKER_06]
All right, I'll start with an audience question, kind of a fun one here from Black Dingo.
Why is it still called a bird flu if it's in cows?
Wouldn't that make it cow flu?

[SPEAKER_15]
Oh my gosh.

[SPEAKER_06]
Lose the logic.
Right.
A more serious question for you, Texas Slim, from Dr. Laura.
Do you think they are trying to depopulate the globe?

[SPEAKER_01]
They've been doing that for a while, haven't they?
I mean, come on.
I mean, you know, let's put perspective.
We're not living as long.
We were sick.
You know, what caused us to be sick?
You look at the, you know, Bill Gates, you know, Bill Gates is a thief.
He's a joke.
He's always been a puppet for a bigger plan.
And if you look at how many countries that Bill Gates and then died it in, you know, let's call it out, man.
Doge is coming to with a lot of clarity to to this world.

[SPEAKER_15]
How many countries has he been indicted in?

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, I've heard of definitely Bolivia, man.
I've heard so many different.
I know India hates them.
You know, Bolivia, Peru.
There's been so many that that's a good deep dive going down into.

[SPEAKER_15]
Are there any countries who love him?

[SPEAKER_01]
I guess America does they keep on putting them on Oprah.
So, you know, I doubt it.
I don't know if anybody likes him or not.
He's just there.
They like his money.

[SPEAKER_09]
But those that don't get his money, which is the vast majority of most countries do not like him.

[SPEAKER_01]
No, he's called, he's caused a lot of carnage.
And if you look exactly where he puts his money and what he did in technology.
I mean, I, I had, I came up, you know, when I was 19, I wouldn't wait until I was about 50 something in technology and just Microsoft, you know, it just,
Being from big tech and a research analyst, Bill Gates is just, I don't even pay attention to him, but you know what he's trying to accomplish.
There's a lot of players doing the same thing in the asset reallocation that we're doing in the United States when it comes to land.
You know, everybody loves to talk about Bill Gates and you know, the amount of land that he's bought the farmland, 242,000 acres at the end of 2021.
Well, he owns the water tables too.
He owns the mineral rights.
You know, what's the bigger plan here?
You know, it's about market access.
And if you look what they're doing with ESG and carbon credits and, you know, how they're basically doing the track and tracing like they did within COVID, COVID was a beta test, you know, and they're going to, they learn from that and they're going to facilitate, you know, we're a data attribute.
Everybody's data is out there and, you know, everybody's like, protect your data.
That's impossible.
What you gotta do is know the right people and quit playing in these games.
And everybody's on an app, right?
Everybody uses an app.
I tell everybody the app is a trap.
you know, get back to the base layer of the internet.
You know, they never shut down WikiLeaks.
And that's the kind of philosophy that we've built in this vertical basically food system that we now have in the beef initiative.
I mean, we've got beef maps where you can identify somebody.
You can read your articles on beef news.
Ranchers write their own articles.
You're reading their article.
You can buy directly from that rancher.
You know, this is pop culture time.
Let's, let's get people paying attention.
to what's fun in life.
And let's be the facilitators of health again instead of fear, because that's who Bill Gates is.
This whole movement against our freedom and our health and what is food and what is science, the gig is up.
And I mean, I'm very passionate about that, because I've got a lot of people that have passed away in the last couple of years.
And it's because they didn't have market access to truth.
And it's time, Bill Gates is a big liar.
And there's a lot of people around that.

[SPEAKER_06]
A question from Dan McGraw.
Are scientists now working on making bird flu transferable to humans via gain-of-function research?
Is there evidence?

[SPEAKER_09]
They've been trying to do that for many years now.
There's loads of evidence going back to 2014, even at the University of Wisconsin at Madison.
Why Kauai Oka was playing around with a highly pathogenic.
Bird flues, making them airborne even as as.
As recent as 2021, they were doing serial passage to increase transmissibility and increase the species range for the influenza A.
And they're not stopping.
They facilitate and speed up evolution that may not even
happen, but they make it happen.
And so gain of function research originally had a place and the idea was pure, but it's so out of hand.
It's so out of hand and it's, it's dangerous now and our funding should not go for that period.
But yes, there's plenty of evidence.
It's all over the literature.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, there's some nefarious intent going on there, or it would seem that way.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
Well, it has a lot of momentum and it's hard to, you know, stop that train, you know, and how much money is invested on all this?
And, you know, I see this in agriculture too, and that's, it's kind of scary.
It's like, how far have they gotten, especially within the people that are running?
you know, within the industry as far as making them move into the future.
So it's going to be interesting to watch, you know, how they identify, you know, the deceptions that are coming because they are more in agriculture too as well.

[SPEAKER_09]
You know, we have over a 1500 BSL level three labs in this country and they house some pretty, pretty virulent pathogens.
And they play around with them too.
And I think it's a huge concern.
It puts everyone at risk.
And here we are.
When they find out just how profitable it can be if one of those leak while they're working on the vaccine simultaneously as the pathogen, we have a real problem.
Creating a cottage industry this way is not the way.
And all of this needs to be investigated as far as I'm concerned, because, you know, the main clade, which is 2344B, that is prevalent in the United States, was tracked back to Athens, Georgia, which is the USDA poultry farm for the Southeast.
So they should be investigated.
There's a lot that needs to be done.

[SPEAKER_06]
No doubt.
Um, question for the doctors from both city and see, can you comment on the use of chlorine dioxide as an antiviral?

[SPEAKER_09]
Um, you know, sodium hypochlorite is an antiviral.
If, if I clean my, my table with it, um, there are a lot of antivirals.
Okay.
There are millions of ways to kill a virus.
What's important is when you ingest something, you have to make sure that you're targeting what you want to kill and you're leaving your healthy cells and the rest of your body.
Free and clear and for this reason, I don't advocate for chlorine dioxide.
I don't use it in in vivo.
I think that it destroys your gut microbiome and that is a major player in your immune system and your overall health.
There are so many better ways to.
eradicate viruses and no, I don't think antivirals are the way to go.
There are many safe drugs out there that have antiviral properties that work just as well without the side effects and the damage to your DNA.
So there are many ways to skin a cat, many, many ways.
And I think ingesting something caustic like that
Many people have had excellent, excellent results from it.
I just, I don't want to advocate for something that I don't have full support in doing.

[SPEAKER_06]
Dr. Linley, any thoughts on that?

[SPEAKER_10]
I agree with Lynn.
We have so many things available to us and that we know that work well.
And one of the reasons that this narrative about birth fluids is important to have right now is to realize that the best defense we all have is our healthy immune system.
And that can be done natural way.
And I just wanted to comment a little bit on what Texas Slim has been talking for the past half an hour.
I'm always fascinated listening to him.
I connected with him on X. I ordered directly from him.
I actually chose him as my rancher initially.
And then I got the rancher close to home.
So, you know, we talked about all of these remedies and different things, but what you have to do is like you said, shake your rancher's hand, and then you know exactly what's going into your food supply.
And you maintain your immune system by eating healthy and doing good things.
And then if you need to be learned during COVID-19 what we need to use.
So that's why Lynn and myself are not worried about this narrative, because if you have to early treatment will work.
And we'll figure it out like we did last time.

[SPEAKER_01]
We can combat anything, especially through the cleanest beef in the nation.
And, you know, that's, it's true.
Everybody, it's not a marketing plan and I've, I've seen all the marketing plans and beef my whole life, right?
But we've got to understand that clean beef is, is good health.
It's the best tool to get to health again.
And there's new clean beef coming across just because of COVID, you know, we've got some regenerative inputs and we're studying omega threes and we're studying all the markers.
And we're looking at it.
It's, you know, it's good data that we can really start sharing.
And, you know, with Dr. Lindley, you know how she how she found me.
It's one time that you have to
maybe not go to the grocery store.
And it's a lot of people are funneling in.
It's an orchestration of producers and consumers meeting each other.
And you know, it was and it's been you know, I was I liquidated my life to do this.
I knew that we were up against something and I was not going to let my son
not be as healthy and have access to the same food i had it was easy for me to make that decision saying and whenever i did i mean i i've had a little you know access to a good life but i've been living the best life possible right now because i'm serving so many people
and bringing people together.
And once you do that in your own life to yourself and you start eating something that you never even knew existed, I dare everybody go eat a steak, you know, bought from Walmart or Albertsons.
And then you go out there, there's people that have never eaten real beef before.
And I've seen them.
And it changes their life.
People that weren't going to have kids during COVID, now they have a kid and the kid's eating beef.
It's the first thing they ever ate.
So this is a movement and you know, Dr. Kat Lindley, she knows this.
She's in Texas.
She's not from Texas, but she's a Texan now and she's eating Texas beef and it's a Texan to Texas.
There you go.

[SPEAKER_09]
They're in New York city, but I live in Texas and I am a carnivore.
I eat only meat.

[SPEAKER_01]
So, and how do you feel in life?

[SPEAKER_09]
Amazing.
All of the autoimmune issues completely go away.
mental clarity increases.
It's mind boggling.
We really weren't made made for grains.
Grains are empty calories that serve no good just cause inflammation.
It's just amazing how people argue with me to telling me I'm gonna
I'm going to die of fatty liver or heart disease from animal fat.
When you look at studies from the 1950s and they fed nothing but 40% ethanol to mice in all three cohorts and then in one gave them beef tallow and the second one gave them lard and the third one gave them canola oil and
The one who had beef tallow was fed every day.
40% ethanol had zero evidence of liver disease, zero.
Lard, a little bit less impressive, but the vegetable oil or the canola oil cohort, alcoholic, hepatotoxicity, pure

[SPEAKER_01]
from right there.
And you just said it, you know, we have the, you know, I was talking to Dr. Brooke Miller, past president of the U.S. Cattlemen.
He's part of everything.
And, you know, what's the fastest disease now?
You know, it's a fatty liver disease in children.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yep.
There you have it.
And so how can anybody in the United States
sit there and say there's not an issue and how can they not change your life?
And yeah, I've got a doctor that came to one of our first conferences and her name is Mary and it was fascinating.
She's a family practitioner.
She, you know, she'd like to teach, you know, teenagers and she would, the parents would come and the children would come
And she would look to parents and say, I'm not going to treat your child until you do a 48 hour bone broth fast, their parents.
And so she had to get their mentality set straight.
And then she started treating the child.
And that's what we have to do.
We have to have that awakening because we're killing our children through an adult consumption model through ignorance of what food and nutrition is and is not.

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, my two kids are carnivore.

[SPEAKER_01]
Right there.
I mean, it keeps the family together.
You have different conversations.
Times are changing.
We're going to get back to relationship management through food.
And it's not because it tastes good.
It's because it's your health.
And this is where it's exciting, and this is why they're coming after our food supply.
They know purity of food is something they can't beat, and it throws off their whole will of being sick in the medical, pharmaceutical, agricultural complex.
And it's an amazing thing that we identified it so many years ago, and here we are today because it's a perfect storm, and everybody's gonna ride that wave, I hope.
And, you know, you're not as afraid, you know, everybody's out there afraid of all these bird flus, all this stuff.
They've been doing Mad Cow, Oprah.
We sued Oprah, you know, a long time ago.
The cattle industry in the state of Texas back in the 90s.
Look it up.

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, you know, where Mad Cow originated, right, in the UK, and Stephon, or Albert Borla, who's a veterinarian, by the way, and Pfizer CEO, was the one that was,
feeding cow parts of cow, making them cannibals.
And that's where the prion disease came from.

[SPEAKER_06]
Wow, that was alberberla.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, it was.

[SPEAKER_06]
I did not know that.

[SPEAKER_09]
I learned something new every day.

[SPEAKER_06]
I want to follow up on the health issue and playing out this bird flu.
If people get sick and I've been noticed, I was talking to Dr. Lindley before the show about how many people I know that are actually sick right now.
What should people do?
What can they do to stay healthy and stave off any potential bird flu risk here?

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, I'm sure cattle also chime in.
A little D3 and K2 goes a long way.
Make sure your D levels are optimized.
Everybody has a different threshold.
You should get your serum levels run.
I myself take 10 to 15,000 IUs of D3 a day.
I take bovine colostrum.
When something is prevalent or it's seasonal, I'll take 10 milligrams of zinc.
And if I have to take the zinc for a long time, I'll throw in some copper.
But for the most part, intermittent fasting, I eat carnivore, I told you, so I eat cleanly, get enough sleep.
Your immune system is so complex.
And when you turn on the TV, the way they speak, they oversimplify it to where
It's almost like they forgot basic immunology.
And by oversimplifying it, they create fear in the population to become completely dependent on an injection to get through something.
And I'm here to tell you, I had COVID in 2020.
It was quite, quite severe.
Everybody in my family, in my,
in my lineage who got it, got it severely.
My husband and two of my kids got it and they were just tired, but I was sick for quite a while and I treated it early.
But that said, I have not had a sniffle since 2020 and I'm exposed to everything every day.
I keep my immune system optimized, eat well, and that's what you can do to stave it off.
And if you get really sick, single stranded RNA viruses, treat it the same way you did COVID.
Kat?

[SPEAKER_10]
I don't have anything to add.
I was going to start with eat more beef.
I do that.
Yeah, so I'm not a carnivore.
And I think we have to realize everyone has... Everybody's different.
Exactly.
But I do.
I love Mediterranean diet.
So the important thing is to keep your immune system healthy.
And everything Lynn said is how you do it.
You need to eat clean source food.
You need to exercise.
You need to do all those things you don't want to do.
Right.
You need to take your vitamins.
You need to check your vitamin D level because you need to make sure that they're about 60, 65 and up.
You know, some people actually thrive life more than that, but you can start there at least.
And you need to get enough sleep.
We just don't get enough sleep.
And we actually, our kids don't get enough sleep at all.
So you need to make sure that you are being a parent.
And that's sometimes hard.

[SPEAKER_06]
Good point.
They're on their screens late at night and then they can't fall asleep.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_09]
That's why you have the internet on your phone app where you can shut off the entire house's internet.
Oops, put it away.

[SPEAKER_10]
You should ask Lynn how she taught her daughter to drive.
That won't teach you.
Anyway, I'll do that another time.
She's very good at teaching defensive driving.
So that's how you need to be a parent.
That's essentially what we need to do sometimes.

[SPEAKER_06]
I have a non-bird flu food systems related question for Steve.
And it doesn't say who asked, but is there research showing that unvaccinated people are more healthy than those vaccinated?
It says also Garner's research tells us yes.

[SPEAKER_15]
That unvaccinated are more healthy, although the studies show that.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, that's the question.

[SPEAKER_09]
No, he's saying that all the studies show unvaccinated are more healthy.
You're asking him, is there any evidence that vaccinated kids are healthier than unvaccinated?

[SPEAKER_15]
Oh, no, no, no.
I haven't seen any.
But if you have some, I'd love to take a look because it would be interesting.
It's like the studies showing that the COVID vaccine saved millions of lives.
I mean, there's so much bad science out there and the average person can't sort through it.
And the autism studies are the perfect example.
You know, they'll say, oh, you know, we don't know what causes autism, but there's one thing that we know for sure.
It's not vaccines.
like that.
That is insane.

[SPEAKER_09]
The COVID engineer go into their physician and tell them I'm having chest pains or they find an underlying neurological disorder and they said where did this come from?
Well I don't know where it came from but it's not from the COVID vaccine.

[SPEAKER_15]
It's not from the COVID vaccine.
You know there's an old saying in science which is you can't prove
the null hypothesis.
And that's a fancy way of saying that you can't prove a negative, meaning you can't prove that the vaccines aren't causing autism.
You can only prove that you're so incompetent that you can't find a signal.
So all you can say is yet, we haven't found it in any of the corrupt studies that are being done by these very corrupt people that are being paid off by pharma because they're the only ones that are getting this stuff published.
There are some papers, there are some great surveys that was done by Generation Rescue, for example, and they found that you were like twice as likely to have an autistic kid if you were,
Uh, they, they had all the vaccines, you know, stuff like that.

[SPEAKER_09]
It's over 220% higher chance of, of autism, um, with the vaccines.
And the problem is all the bad science out there.
What do you think is feeding AI?
It's all about science.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, no, absolutely.
I mean, I went to the there's this AI thing that's called it's like an unbiased AI.
I'm blanking on the name, but I tried it.
I said, you know, it's the ultimate test, right?
Do vaccines cause autism?
And oh, no, no, no, vaccines don't cause autism.
It's been proven over and over again.
Oh, my gosh.

[SPEAKER_09]
Ask the senator.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, yeah.
And then somebody posted on my ex feed that, oh, you're defending this guy, Andrew Wakefield, who caused this guy, you know, five-year-old kid, I forget his name.
And caused him to have this bowel surgery that ended up in perforated bowel.
And I said, look at the evidence.
First of all, Wakefield is a researcher.
He's not a medical doctor that's going to prescribe any of this stuff.
And the parents wanted the kid to have the operation because the parents wanted to know what was causing the kid's problem.
But the key thing is that the person who was sued was the hospital.
It wasn't Wakefield.
Wakefield wasn't a party to the lawsuit.
all of these articles written about Wakefield, I mean, they just completely distort this stuff.
And so it's like everybody's piling on this bogus science and also really attacking anybody who tries to attack the status quo belief system.
It's pretty horrible.

[SPEAKER_09]
It's threatening.

[SPEAKER_06]
It's very threatening.
I want to say thank you to our guests tonight, Dr. Lynn Finn, Texas Lim, and Dr. Kat Lindley.
Dr. Finn, where can people find you, follow you?
Where should they go?
Can you inform us on that?

[SPEAKER_09]
I was banned from Facebook.
I was banned from Instagram.

[SPEAKER_12]
What reason did they give?

[SPEAKER_09]
She's the most banned woman.
I'm the most banned woman.
Well, you know, when I initially said the spike itself is pathogenic, that was a big problem in 2020.

[SPEAKER_15]
Oh, yeah.

[SPEAKER_09]
When I said what came first, the spike or the virus, you know?

[SPEAKER_15]
I have a trick for not being banned on Facebook.

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, it's too late.

[SPEAKER_15]
But don't don't post there.

[SPEAKER_09]
There you go.

[SPEAKER_15]
Well, my secret.

[SPEAKER_09]
You can find me on x at f y n d e r e l l a one Cinderella one.
And you can find me on Telegram.
I have a Lin Finns science and enlightenment and stuff channel, where we just chit chat and I do get spammed a lot there.
And I'm on Getter and Truth Social.
I'm just not on there on there.
I have a problem with Truth Social when I can't get on there because I have a VPN on that tells me that, you know, they might be wanting information that they don't need to have.
So there's that.
So you can get me on Twitter or on Telegram, or you can get me with any of my Global COVID Summit or IMA friends.
Um, formerly the FLCCC and all of the wonderful senior fellows and, um, they know how to get me.

[SPEAKER_06]
And, uh, Angela or Lisa, we'll put that in the chat.
Some of those and Dr. Lindley, where can we find you?

[SPEAKER_10]
I'm on the excess K L very test.
Um, that's the easiest way to follow me.
And then also through IMA independent medical Alliance and independent medical Alliance action.

[SPEAKER_06]
Excellent.
And I know we've said it many times, but Texas Slim, can you remind us one last time where we can find you?

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, you're going to find us everywhere because, you know, the Beef Initiative is, you know, it's a group of volunteers and, you know, there is a war on beef right now.
There's a war on our food supply and we're going through this massive campaign right now.
And, you know, we've built a foundation.
We're working with the independent, you know, health Alliance.
We have the doctors.
It's so good to work with all these wonderful doctors.
And so this big collaboration is about to explode into several campaigns.
And the first one is safe beef.org and we're going to go after something pretty big and everybody's invited.
So, you know, I really do encourage everybody to, uh, you know,
Look at your food supply, pay attention, quit validating the deceptions, understand what health is, follow these doctors that really know what's going on, and they're part of, say, beef.org campaign.
And if you want to go shop around for some beef right now, just go to welcometobeef.com as well.
So there's going to be a lot of stuff that unfolds.
Pay attention to the beef initiative.
I'm on Twitter.
That's basically, I'm not a very good social media guy.
I'm out in the field.
But we have a great production team.
So I'm at Modern Team Man on Twitter.
But really savebeef.org is the best place to funnel into right now when you want to figure out what we've done in the beef initiative.
Appreciate all of y'all.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
And if you want to get some beef, that is the place to go.
It's going to be vaccine-free, grass-fed.
I mean, amazing.

[SPEAKER_01]
It's the cleanest beef in the nation.
And we stand by.
We're going to start doing all the studies of our clean beef too.
It's going to be fascinating to watch.
Consumer demand is about to explode.
So here we go.

[SPEAKER_06]
Fantastic.
Well, it's been, what a great episode.
I'm so grateful to all three of you for joining us tonight and being so generous with your time.
Thank you for being here.

[SPEAKER_09]
Thank you guys for having us.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_06]
Thank you.
Honor.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_01]
Appreciate y'all.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yep.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_01]
Y'all have a good one.

[SPEAKER_06]
You too.

[SPEAKER_01]
You too.

[SPEAKER_06]
Wow.
A lot of information.
And God, what fantastic human beings, all three of them are.
So it's so great to finally have Texas Slim on the show and to have Lynn Finn back.
And I love having Kat Lindley here.
So it's great.
Hang in there, folks.
I got a few announcements and you want to stay for the closing video tonight.
You don't want to miss that.
But first off, I want to say that I got a few things to sort myself out here that we rely on the support of individuals like you, those who believe in the importance of free speech, medical freedom and exposing the truth.
Every donation directly fuels our mission, helping us continue the fight for our freedoms and those impacted by vaccine injuries.
If you believe in the work we're doing, we humbly ask for your support today.
Together, we can make a real difference.
And thank you for standing with us and for considering a donation to help us sustain our vital work.
And we will put the link in the chat and all the information at vacsafety.org.
You can donate to us there.
And our donor spotlight,
Tonight is from M from Virginia, and M writes, Steve and team, thank you for your tenacity and hard work.
Thank you for your unwavering support, M, and to everyone in our audience, and your voice and generosity are what keep our community strong.
We appreciate you standing with us, and together we are unstoppable.
And also next week, Steve, we're going to visit with the embalmers again, as well as some other special guests.
We're going to investigate the white blood clots.
We're going to have a roundtable.
with Dr. Kevin McKernan and more, yes.
Safe and effective.
Kevin McCairn, Major Thomas Haviland, and Richard Hirschman are all going to be joining us for a roundtable conversation.
So join us next week.
Same time, same platforms.
And then, I don't know, have you seen this tonight?
The VSRF team put together a new video that we just dropped today.
with featured Paul Offit, who was trying to debunk a doctor talking about whether mRNAs cause cancer or can cause cancer.
So we put together a little video.

[SPEAKER_15]
We don't know what causes cancer, but there's one thing we do know.
It's not the COVID shots, right?

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, well, I spent the better part of the last couple weeks working on this, so I hope you all share this video with everyone you know that can't convince that these things are dangerous.
And we've got Paul Offit lying through his teeth, basically.
You mean talking, talking, right?
Talking.
He's just talking.
So Steve, thank you again.
Great to see you and we'll see you next week.
Everyone.
Thank you.
See you next week.
And here is a closing video.
Enjoy.
Bye.

[SPEAKER_11]
Decades of research have demonstrated the risks of foreign DNA integrating into human cells, leading to potentially catastrophic outcomes.
Synthetic DNA contamination, as detected in Australian vials of the Pfizer and Moderna COVID-19 vaccines by David Spicer, presents risks of a genomic instability which can manifest as cancers, immune disorders and hereditary diseases.

[SPEAKER_14]
A physician scientist testifying in front of Congress said that the mRNA vaccines made by Pfizer or Moderna contained fragments of DNA.

[SPEAKER_05]
The Pfizer vaccine is contaminated with plasmid DNA.
It's not just mRNA.
It's got bits of DNA in it.
This DNA is the DNA vector that was used as the template for the in vitro transcription reaction when they made the mRNA.
I know this is true because I sequenced it in my own lab.
The vials of Pfizer vaccine that were given out here in Columbia, one of my colleagues was in charge of that vaccination program.
in the College of Pharmacy and for reasons that I still don't understand, he kept every single vial.
So he had a whole freezer full of the empty vials.
Well, the empty vials have a little tiny bit in the bottom of them.
He gave them all to me and I looked at them.
We had two batches that were given out here in Columbia and I checked these two batches and I checked them by sequencing.
And I sequenced all the DNA that was in the vaccine and I can see what's in there.
And it's surprising that there's any DNA in there and you can kind of work out what it is and how it got there.
And I'm kind of alarmed about the possible consequences of this.

[SPEAKER_14]
He then took it one step further.
He said that these DNA fragments could integrate into our DNA.
causing cancers like leukemia or lymphoma or autoimmune diseases or other problems.

[SPEAKER_05]
So this DNA, in my view, it could be causing some of the rare but serious side effects like death from cardiac arrest.
There's a lot of cases now of people having suspicious death after vaccine.
It's hard to prove what caused it.
It's just, you know, temporally associated.
And this DNA is a plausible mechanism.
Okay.
This DNA can and likely will integrate into the genomic DNA of cells that got transfected with the vaccine mix.
This is just the way it works.
We do this in the lab all the time.
We take pieces of DNA, we mix them up with a lipid complex like the Pfizer vaccine is in.
We pour it onto cells and a lot of it gets into the cells and a lot of it gets into the DNA of those cells and it becomes a permanent fixture of the cell.
It's not just a temporary thing.
It is in that cell and all of its progeny from now on forevermore amen.
So that's why I'm kind of alarmed about this DNA being in the vaccine.
It's different from RNA because it can be permanent.
This is a real hazard for genome modification of long-lived somatic cells, like stem cells, and it could cause, theoretically, this is all a theoretical concern, but it's pretty reasonable based on...
of solid molecular biology, that it could cause a sustained autoimmune tact toward that tissue.
It's also a very real theoretical risk of future cancer in some people.
Depending on where in the genome this foreign piece of DNA lands, it can interrupt a tumor suppressor or activate an oncogene.
I think it'll be rare, but I think the risk is not zero and it may be high enough that we are to figure out if this is happening or not.

[SPEAKER_14]
Now, was he right?
Is that true, what he had said?
So in order to understand the answer to that question, we need to go back to the beginning.
How do you make mRNA vaccines?
The way they're made is you have a starting material that consists of a DNA plasmid into which is cloned, a DNA piece that represents the SARS-CoV-2 spike protein.

[SPEAKER_02]
The insert a gene would be the spike.
that they put in there.

[SPEAKER_04]
The inserted gene is the spike.
And what is the spike?

[SPEAKER_02]
The spike is the sequence that they want to that they want to make RNA for the vaccine that gets into a million cell will create a spike protein that your immune system theoretically will learn how to fight off COVID.
Got it.

[SPEAKER_04]
Okay.

[SPEAKER_02]
There's a huge leap between between A and Z there.

[SPEAKER_04]
Okay, that will go into okay.
That was that wasn't trying my best to keep up with you here.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
So that inserted gene ends up being, they put in the spike sequence there.
There's an origin of replication down there that teaches the E. coli cell to, Hey, copy this circle over and over again.
If you ever see me, it basically recruits a polymerase to do that.
That antibiotic resistance gene, let's say that's kanamycin in the case of Pfizer's vaccine.
That means if the coli is growing in kanamycin, the only cells that can survive are the ones that have soaked up the plasmin.
So it's a selectable marker.
which means the only E. coli that brew are ones that contain your DNA.
Otherwise, when the cells divide, your plasma just gets lost.
So that selectable marker is really critical to make sure the plasma sticks around when you've grown E. coli.

[SPEAKER_14]
Then there's a series of steps to amplify that SARS-CoV-2 spike protein DNA that is ultimately then converted to messenger RNA, purified and filtered, and then eventually treated with an enzyme that would cut any residual DNA.
and filtered and purified again.
So is it possible that these DNA fragments from that starting material could end up in the final material?
And the answer is yes.

[SPEAKER_02]
The challenge here is, is that you now don't just have your spike sequence as part of the contaminant in your vaccine.
You have all that other crap, the antibiotic resistance gene and all the origins of replication that you introduced as replicative machinery to manufacture your...

[SPEAKER_04]
But they know this, right?
They know that this stuff is going to be in there.

[SPEAKER_02]
They know it.

[SPEAKER_04]
And do they have a process to get rid of it?

[SPEAKER_02]
They try, they fail, but, uh, that's the probably point where they kind of, um, is this in all vaccines?
No, these mRNA ones are very unique, right?
We've never done vaccines like this before.

[SPEAKER_04]
So there was the first one we had.
Okay.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_05]
A little nerdy science here at the central dogma of molecular biology is that DNA gets transcribed into RNA.
Okay.
And then RNA gets translated into protein.
This is just how life runs.
Why does this matter?
Well, DNA, for the purposes of this discussion, DNA is a long-lived information storage device.
What you were born with, you're going to die with and pass on to your kids.
DNA lasts for hundreds of thousands of years, and it can last for generations if you pass it on to your kids.
Right?
So, alterations to the DNA, they stick around.
RNA, by its nature, is temporary.
It doesn't last.
And that feature of RNA was part of the sales pitch for the vaccine.
The pseudo-uridine was supposed to make the RNA last a little bit longer, but still, it's a transient phenomenon.
We're talking hours to days, okay?
And then proteins.
Once proteins are made, they also don't last forever.
They last for hours to days.
But something that makes its way into DNA has the potential to last for a very long time, maybe a lifetime.
So could that be harmful?

[SPEAKER_14]
In order for it to be harmful, it would have to get into our DNA, which is virtually impossible, and here's why.
First, these DNA fragments would have to enter the cytoplasm, which is that part of the cell outside of the nucleus.
And our cytoplasm hates foreign DNA.
It has innate immune mechanisms as well as enzymes to destroy foreign DNA.
Then the DNA would have to enter our nucleus, which would mean it would have to cross the nuclear membrane, which requires a nuclear membrane access signal, which these DNA fragments don't have.

[SPEAKER_02]
It would have to get into the cytoplasm.
The LNPs guarantee this, all right?
If the DNA can't get into the cytoplasm, neither can your drug, all right?
So the mRNA has no business being injected if you don't think there's a mechanism for the mRNA to get in the cytosol, and the DNA is traveling with it.
It's also negatively charged polymer and it is hybridized to that RNA because it shares sequence complementarity to it.
So it is trafficking with the RNA.
There's no question about that and we've proven that by running various experiments with nucleases to try to chew up this DNA that's in the LNPs and it can't chew it up because it's protected by the LNPs.
So he says this is virtually impossible when yet it is in fact guaranteed that it will be in the cells.

[SPEAKER_14]
Even if they were able to get into our nucleus, which they can't, they would have to then integrate into our DNA with an enzyme called integrase, which then cuts our DNA and it would allow these DNA fragments to insert themselves into our DNA, but they don't have these kind of integrations.
So it's impossible, it's virtually impossible for these DNA fragments to do any harm.
They're clinically and utterly harmless.

[SPEAKER_02]
He should not be reversing the burden of proof on there, saying that it's impossible or virtually impossible for this to happen.
He should show us that it isn't impossible.
Right.
That's the point of the FDA.
The numbers that came out of that FDA study at 4.7 micrograms per shot, those would put you in the range of 23 trillion molecules of DNA, if they're 200 bases each.
All right, so 23 trillion, you have about 30 trillion cells.
All of about, let me see, one 50th of this DNA is the SV40 promoters.
That's about 500 billion SV40 promoters, which are known to go straight to the nucleus.

[SPEAKER_05]
So this is a picture of the sequencing read that, the sequencing run that I did in the lab from a couple of batches of the Pfizer vaccine.
And all those little bitty lines here are the little tiny pieces of DNA that are in the vaccine.
They don't belong there.
They are not part of the sales pitch or the marketing campaign, and they're there.
There's a lot of them.
This little graph here in the middle is the size distribution.
It peaks around 100 base pairs, 120 base pairs.
So the DNA pieces that are in the vaccine are short little pieces, 100, 120.
There's some that are about 500 base pairs, a few that are even 5,000, but most of them are around 100 base pairs.
Why is this important?
Because the probability of a piece of DNA integrating into the human genome is unrelated to its size.
So your genome risk is just a function of how many particles there are.
So it's like, you know, if you shoot a shotgun at a washboard, if you shoot a slug, you have some probability of hitting it.
And if you shoot buckshot, you have a bigger probability of hitting it with some shot, right?
All these little pieces of DNA that are in the vaccine are analogous to buckshot.
You have many, many thousands of opportunities to modify a cell of a vaccinated person.
The pieces are very small because during the process they chopped them up to try to make them go away, but they actually increased the hazard of genome modification in the process.

[SPEAKER_14]
The sphere of foreign DNA is a little far-fetched.
First of all, we are colonized with trillions of bacteria, including trillions of bacteria that lie in our intestinal tract, which is a vast amount of foreign DNA to which we're exposed.
Also, assuming that we live on this planet and that you eat animals or plants on this planet, you are ingesting foreign DNA, some of which ends up in your circulation, especially plant DNA, at much larger quantities and in a much larger fragment than we see with these small DNA fragments in vaccines.

[SPEAKER_02]
Eating DNA is not the same as injecting LMP-protected DNA.
I mean, I'm shocked I have to say this to someone who claims to be DND.
This is like, you know, the hepatic portal system is there for a reason.
There's a reason why, when you eat drugs, you get very different responses from when you inject them.
Resempic is an example.
It has only 1% bioavailability if you eat it, but people are injecting it because it's much more active there.
So yes, injecting DNA and injecting aluminum is different than eating these things because your GI destroys stuff with acid, but your bloodstream bypasses that and gets all over your body into your brain.

[SPEAKER_05]
In my view, somebody should go about sequencing DNA samples from stem cells of people who are vaccinated and find out if this theoretical risk has happened or not.
I think this is a real serious oversight, regulatory oversight that happened at the federal level, and somebody should force this to happen somewhere.

[SPEAKER_14]
I'm trying to reassure you that this isn't a problem.
I think it's unfortunate that that physician scientist tried to make it sound like a problem because all he did was scare people unnecessarily.

[SPEAKER_09]
As they dropped dead.

[SPEAKER_15]
Wow.
Who made that video?
