[SPEAKER_15]
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.

[UNKNOWN]
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
Tonight on VSRF Live, Dr. Stella Emanuel and Dr. Henry Ely returned to discuss the current long gone diseases outbreak and how to stay informed and protected.
And Mickey Willis and Matt Guthrie talk about their new film, Follow the Silenced.

[SPEAKER_02]
We thought the film would be done in a year, but it really needed the time and the breath to grow, to follow these people around who we've all fallen in love with now.
as they are on their healing journey and on their legal journey finding justice and really doing some big work in the world as a bunch of citizens that have united over the tragedy of vaccine injuries to help others that they've been saving lives and really helping to get laws changed.

[SPEAKER_05]
The Texas DSHS recommends as of today still that a child who has been confirmed with measles should receive an MMR or MMRV shot.
When you open up the inserts from Merck, the ones that are published on the FDA website, they tell you conclusively, do not administer this shot to anyone with an active infection because you increase the risk of neurological disease and especially death, vaccine-induced death.

[SPEAKER_19]
Steve faith is something faith is not something that you can put in data and that is what I'm saying that you know I pray that you Steve you know I had this conversation with you in California I pray that you Steve would would would embrace the fact that you're a triune being we are all triune beings your body soul and spirit
I know you're an intellectual person, but you're doing yourself a disservice by just sticking to your intellect and not, you know, connecting to the other parts of you, which is also your spiritual boom.

[SPEAKER_03]
Welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm Livio Sanchez, and tonight we have a jam-packed episode.
We'll have a discussion on measles, the topic making headlines and fueling intense debate with fear and misinformation swirling around measles, vaccines, and public health policies.
We're here to cut through the noise and uncover the truth.
Joining us tonight is Dr. Stella Immanuel, a bold and outspoken physician who has been at the forefront, challenging the mainstream narrative on infectious illnesses.
We also have Dr. Henry Ealy, a dedicated naturopathic doctor and researcher who not only helps treat the vaccine injured, but also advocates fiercely for medical freedom.
Together, we'll dive into the science, the underlying agenda, treatment options, and everything truly that you need to know about measles and immunity.
But first, we'll be joined by Mickey Willis and Matthew Guthrie to discuss their highly anticipated new film, Follow the Silence.
which is premiering this weekend at the Santa Monica Film Festival.
I'll be moderating the panel discussion with members of the cast and crew immediately following the premiere, and we'll get an inside look at this powerful documentary and its impact.
Before we get started, don't forget, we're running the Dr. Stella raffle, and we want you to get a chance to enter the raffle, and let me see if I can share my screen with some information on that.
I'm stumbling along here today.
I'm trying to get that screen.
I'll get that to you.
Here we go.
Here it is, yes.
We're going to have this raffle that's ongoing right now.
You will get a chance to win a year's supply of Dr. Stella's Kovivitz, her powerful immune-boosting supplement packed with quaceritin, zinc, vitamin C, and vitamin D3, plus a copy of her eye-opening book, Let America Live.
Get your tickets now so you can be prepared for whatever comes next.
The raffle runs until March 27th.
So get your ticket for yourself and a friend.
Visit GiveButter.com slash Dr. Stella to buy your raffle tickets now.
Janet will put the link in the chat.
And now before we bring on our guests, I'd like to introduce founder of VSRF, Steve Kirsch.
Steve, welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you this evening, sir?

[SPEAKER_06]
I'm good.

[SPEAKER_03]
We've got a jam-packed show tonight.
We're going to get into measles and what's going on down in Texas.
But before we go into that, we're going to talk about a film that you are actually instrumental in getting off the ground.
Can you tell me a little bit about when you got involved and follow the silence and how you met Mickey and Matthew Guthrie?

[SPEAKER_06]
Oh, huh.
We should probably bring Mickey on for that.
It's been so long ago that we did this.
I think maybe, Mickey must have reached out to me saying that he wanted to make a film on the vaccine injured.
And I said, sounds like a good idea to me.
And I wrote him a check.

[SPEAKER_03]
Sounds simple enough.
I brought them on.
Mickey, can you verify that story from Steve Kirsch?

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, it's been four years since that initial conversation, and I honestly don't know who called who.
I've thought about that, and I've always said, Steve called me, and maybe you did, but at some point we ended up on the phone talking about, he was sharing his initial story of Tim, the carpet cleaner who was vaccinated and his wife.
And somehow it turned into a situation of these people are being silenced and how do we give them a voice.
And so he gave the initial seed money to get the film started.
And I didn't realize that I'd become the largest investor in this movie, but because it took four years and we ran out of money, I've been bootstrapping this for the additional three years.
And I will just say this, it's worth it because this film is going to save lives.
And as I've been saying, this is the film that will end the debate.
Anyone who sees this film that's on the fence, if this doesn't push them over the fence, then they don't want to be pushed over the fence and they've dug in too deep.
because the Evans is all there.
There's tons of smoking guns within this movie.
And it's just made with so much heart.
And Matt has done an amazing job.
I'm the executive producer on this.
I hired Matt to direct.
And he stayed with this film and with this people for four years straight.
And we just finished the cut that premieres this Saturday 11 AM at the Director's Guild of America in West Hollywood.

[SPEAKER_06]
And nobody nobody has seen this before.
No, just like the two of you.
And that's it, right?

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, our whole team has seen it, obviously, but that's it.

[SPEAKER_06]
Right.

[SPEAKER_03]
And Matthew, how did how did you get involved?
I know you'd work with Mickey, but what was the story behind that?

[SPEAKER_04]
Actually, that's how we met.
I had a strange kind of journey to this film.
I felt compelled.
I wanted to tell this story.
I actually, a dear friend of mine, Chase Anderson, worked at the High Wire and he brought me over to the studio one day.
Well, that just happened to be the day that they were airing the first segment with the three nurses, Angelina and Sean.
I think it's Kristen.
I can't remember her last name.
I'm so sorry.
But those three nurses were injured immediately when the medical professionals were getting it.
And then shortly after that, Brie and Brie Dresden, Stephanie DeGerry, Candace, a lot of the people that I would end up discovering just happenstance some several months later, I saw their press conference in Wisconsin.
And
It just like I felt like God put it on my heart because it was something that I wanted to do and I was in the jungle of Costa Rica working on a show with a friend of mine.
I got this moment.
I woke up at like five o'clock in the morning and it was like God was telling me, hey, we got to talk.
And I felt like I really felt the presence of Jesus, honestly, of Yeshua.
Tell me this.
This is I built you to do this.
You need to do this.
And he just gave me this download of what was going to happen.
So I was going to come back and I was going to ask Dale Victory.
It's like if he would potentially produce this film.
Chase I got a call in the middle of the jungle on top of a jungle tower which my phone didn't you know ring for like eight weeks and it was chase and he said hey Del Big Tree wants to to or I'm sorry Mickey wants to talk to you make you listen wants to talk to you and I'm like I know that name from somewhere and it was somewhere back in LA well so I get home I get on a call with Mickey and I mean it was like we had known each other our whole lives we became friends and brothers and moments and
And then he asked me to make the very movie i was gonna go pitch to delves is like okay well that's divinity i don't you know that's that's providence if there is so um it it was something to make a movie about the movie.
There's so many movies in this team there really are i mean.
The amount of stories and media and data that we've collected, I mean, we could create a television series just based on the content that we have.
And I wrestled with that a few times, is should this be multiple parts because of just the size of the story?
But ultimately, I felt like if you're going to start this conversation, you're going to have to do it as like one film.
You've got to get somebody to sit down.
Start here end here and have an experience and then the conversation can start right because I think that's the biggest thing We have to do right now as a country and I think that's what the country wants They everybody knows somebody affected by this everybody does but we're not talking about it as a country and we should be This is this should not be a controversial issue.
It's just healthcare.
That's it That's all it is.
It's not political.
It never was political You know the government made it political and it hurt a lot of people because of that, but this is just a very
This is a simple story of people that need help that were denied that help.
So yeah, so I'm going to go off on five tensions, but I'll let you leave from there.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
Well, I want to actually, I got an email from Mickey about an hour before we came live and apparently you guys put together a brand new hot off the press trailer that I want to share before we continue.

[SPEAKER_02]
I do want to say to everyone when I say hot off the press, it's like Livio, as I said, you should have oven mitts on to handle this because
We literally just sent it to you.
It's not corrected.
We don't have mixer sound design or anything like that.
And there's probably adjustments that'll be made to it.
Um, but we wanted a shorter trailer and we wanted one that was coming from a slightly different perspective.
And so you guys will be the first to see this and it will be officially released probably next week.

[SPEAKER_03]
So here's a first look at a rough cut that looks pretty polished of follow the silenced.

[SPEAKER_07]
Today, the Oakland Coliseum will become one of the largest mass vaccination sites.
I dropped everything and ran as quickly as I could and got in line.
I was excited.
I was like, okay, this is going to end it.

[SPEAKER_08]
I just figured that as Americans concerned about others, we would just do it.
Anyway, out of that situation was positive.

[SPEAKER_10]
Maddie.
Maddie.
I'm proud to introduce Ms. Breanne Dressen.

[SPEAKER_08]
Her cause of death is not on this thing.
Thanks for returning my call.
And I did not want to be the one to give my mother COVID.
Everything started to leak out.

[SPEAKER_09]
Every single day.

[SPEAKER_17]
The worst part was I could not walk.
I couldn't move my arms or legs.
I couldn't walk.
I couldn't move.
I couldn't think about moving my legs.
I couldn't move.

[SPEAKER_08]
I can't feel my legs.
I can't feel anything.
I don't want to die.

[SPEAKER_16]
make sure we get his birthday.

[SPEAKER_08]
I want to still live for my kids.

[SPEAKER_16]
You know what?

[SPEAKER_06]
I'm going to celebrate his birthday as a social media platform.

[SPEAKER_18]
Step up their effort to crack down on misinformation about covid vaccines.
Some groups on Facebook and

[SPEAKER_09]
The truth is not out there.
They've done everything they can to hide people, to hide injustices, and to even literally hide the cries of those people that are suffering.

[SPEAKER_08]
If we try to talk about it on social media, you get banned.
People don't know we even exist.

[SPEAKER_09]
Denise Hertz is on an email string with the heads of the NIH.

[SPEAKER_04]
These are safe and effective products.

[SPEAKER_09]
The CDC.
There is no bad time to get your second shot.
The heads of the FDA.

[SPEAKER_05]
We have very good safety surveillance systems in place.

[SPEAKER_07]
If you look at VAERS database, there are more than 1,000 neurological side effects already reported.

[SPEAKER_18]
There were 50 to 100 reports going missing.

[SPEAKER_05]
VAERS IDs being disappeared.
There is incredible BS out there about thousands of people dying, et cetera.
That just ain't true.

[SPEAKER_18]
If they put down that it was a vaccine injury, they actually won't get reimbursed, so it gets labeled as anxiety.

[SPEAKER_12]
When I brought up the fact, well, what do you think about the vaccine?
Because that's the only variable.

[SPEAKER_08]
So they said, you know what?
This is all in your head.
I literally laughed and said, girl, this is all in your head.

[SPEAKER_12]
I said, no, it's not the COVID vaccination.
The vaccination is safe.

[SPEAKER_00]
He immediately prescribed me with vertigo and a severe panic attack.

[SPEAKER_22]
I was told I was wrong.
I was told to go home, and I was told not to talk.

[SPEAKER_07]
I told my family that I was going to end my life.

[SPEAKER_01]
I got to look at my son and tell him, honey, I'm going to be OK.
But in my heart, I don't know if I'm going to be OK.

[SPEAKER_10]
It broke my son to hear that his mom wanted to die.
because she had gotten a COVID vaccine.

[SPEAKER_08]
These are human stories.
These aren't people with political agendas.
If I was an anti-vaxxer, I wouldn't have been standing in the freaking line to get the shot.

[SPEAKER_09]
So this story has everything to be interesting.
You've got scandal.

[SPEAKER_16]
FEMA had offered me money if I changed my son's descriptive gift from enlarge heart to COVID.

[SPEAKER_09]
Got secrets.

[SPEAKER_05]
The FDA wanted 75 years to release this data.
We don't have any secrets here.

[SPEAKER_10]
You've got money.
The patent for the Moderna vaccine is owned by the Department of Health and Human Services.

[SPEAKER_09]
Empower.
But the base of this story, the very center of this story is love.
Because without love, I won't sleep until this war is done.
Healing cannot happen.

[SPEAKER_16]
This is what I have to live for.
I'm not going to stop this fight.

[SPEAKER_09]
I know that I'm on the other side of the country, but I promise you you're not alone.

[SPEAKER_10]
People must be willing to look at us.
Because once it's recognized and acknowledged that this is happening, the conversation can start.
The battle has only just begun.
If you want to know the truth, look at who's being silenced.

[SPEAKER_09]
I'm not going to give up.
And I'm not going to give up on these people.

[SPEAKER_03]
Powerful, powerful.

[SPEAKER_04]
It's a powerful film, man.
It really is.

[SPEAKER_06]
Can't wait to see it.

[SPEAKER_04]
It's going to surprise people.
Well, we wouldn't be here without you, Steve.
I mean, honestly, you were the first person that I interviewed.
You were the first person that I talked to about this.
You gave me a mountain of data.
I mean, it was just an incredible amount.
I don't think I would have even been prepared to do this if I hadn't started with you, Steve, honestly.
The amount of information that you gave me, it really helped me understand this because I had to start learning about neurology, right?
I mean, I know more about neurology today than I ever thought in 10 lifetimes, I would know.
It's just, I had to learn so much about metabolic disorders and how the body works and things that I didn't think I would have to know in order to navigate the story.
But, you know, Steve, your heart for this, your compassion for these people is really something to be celebrated.
And I love you a lot.
I think you did an incredible thing.
And it's not just this film.
I mean, the amount of work that you've done to help people is something everybody should celebrate.
And thank you, brother.
Thank you, really.
And Mickey, none of this would happen without Mickey.
The amount of funds that Mickey's put in this movie to help this story get told and to entrust me to do it is something I'll never be able to say thank you because thank you just feel so short of the depth of gratitude that I have for y'all.
And
for everybody that was in this story.
It meant everything to me to do this and I thank you beyond words.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_03]
Thank you.
The timing of the release, I know it took four years, but it seems like as interest in the vaccine injured is sort of taken a backseat to other health freedom issues.
It actually is incredible that now is when it's coming out.
Do you think we can move the needle or get some spotlight shed on these people and so many that are suffering in silence out there?

[SPEAKER_02]
Honestly, I don't think the timing could be better.
than right now.
And of course, there's what we want and then there's God's plan, right?
And so I wanted this film done in one year at the max.
And that's feasible.
That's reasonable for a documentary.
I planned Demic 2 we produced from beginning to end in three and a half months.
So we work really fast.
But
You know, of course, the extension of the project created a lot of tension with people because everyone wanted their stories out immediately.
And so there was a lot of pressure put on me and on Matt of the people that were like, people are dying now.
They need to know the truth now, get it out there.
But it's like giving birth.
You can want the baby out in three months, but there's a gestation period that is the healthy process to allow that to stay in the oven.
And when it comes to a documentary that has a life of its own, particularly one that's made in real time,
Right, if we're doing a historical documentary on World War II, while the information's already there, it's already happened, it's already been out in the public, we would do some research, and we could tell you exactly when we would deliver the film.
But with something like this, where we're going, oh, there's a new thing that opened up, and React 19's going to DC, and then there's this new person and a new whistleblower, and now this person's willing to speak out, and all this stuff starts to open up, the film literally starts to make itself, and we just have to ride the wave.
And so none of us knew that this would be a four-year wave, but that it's here is perfect, because particularly, even if it was released last year,
The old regime that was in place with all the censorship, I know because my last two movies, Great Awakening and Pandemic the Musical, were terribly silenced.
You can't even find a hashtag for the word pandemic.
It's the most censored word in the world, I've been told.
And so literally, and it used to be, they went as deep as, if I were to send an email, personal email to any of you with the word pandemic in it, the email would be rejected.
person to person.
Like that's how deep they went to stop that brand from being out in the world.
And so right now with the new, you know, administration in place with Bobby Kennedy, Bobby Kennedy is in the film.
With the power that we have to actually see these things through and actually create legislation and hold people accountable, there's never been a greater time than right now.
So thank you God.
Thank you everyone who's been patient to wait for this film.
And I think it's going to really, really create waves and open the minds and hearts of the people that need that.

[SPEAKER_04]
You know, Mickey, you made a really good point and it's something that it's something that we kind of hear in this film, but there's there.
It was something that we really should spend some more time talking about in this movie.
But the censorship, like you said, right, that they were going after words and emails.
So that's what Facebook did.
Facebook, Instagram, some of these social media sites, they would go after personal messages between people that were injured, right?
They're forming a community that just, they just need help.
They're just exchanging, hey, this happened to me today, what about you?
What's working for you?
Is there any relief, right?
And Facebook would find those personal messages and delete them.
and censor them.
And that led to deaths.
Like, the censorship in the United States directly impeded people's access to healthcare, and it killed American citizens.
100%.
Like, the severity of that is something that I think we're just gonna start to unpack this year.
And this is all public knowledge.
These are in Twitter files.
None of this stuff is really kind of new information, but it's something I don't think people have taken the opportunity to face yet.
And that's a whole other story in itself.
We touch on that a little in this film, but the true depth of what happened in that department deserves more conversation and honestly deserves litigation.

[SPEAKER_03]
And following on that note, we were talking before we came on the air, this film isn't just about the vaccine injured.
There's a lot of stuff in there that you shared just backstage beforehand about someone like Peter Marks.
And can you tell us a little bit about some of the information you discovered along the way?

[SPEAKER_04]
Certainly certainly so that that was something that I you know back to Nikki's point about the time that this took it started to become very apparent to me that The story that we were capturing and the story that we were telling it I could not get it out fast enough for it to make a difference for people right then and there
And it became pretty obvious to me that this is something that's going to stand the test of time, we hope, and that this would be something that would make sure this never happens again and give people, you know, the full story.
And essentially, that's what I realized is if I tell a story that's just vignettes of injured people, it's going to be a powerful film and it's going to touch people.
But it's not going to move the needle as much as something that
This story is told from 30,000 feet.
It's the whole story.
It's a single story, it's told in real time, that's going through this censorship, that's bringing this information to the FDA.
And that's really the story of Brie Anderson and React 19.
I just happened to capture and document the founding of React 19, of these groups coming together.
I knew them before it started.
But, you know, Brie was able
Bree's an incredible person.
I mean, she just cares about people.
And she's the kind of person that's stubborn, that she's not gonna let people just get railroaded and forgotten.
And she assembled an incredible group of physicians, people that are like critical care physicians that have very serious credibility in the medical field.
So she took them that were all injured people from the vaccine to speak to the FDA.
And these conversations started in
Let me double check this.
August of 2021 is one of the first conversations.
Actually, the very first call that they had with the FDA, Peter Marks was supposed to be on it, and he canceled and sent some other people in Sieber to meet with them because he was approving comernity.
that day, that very day.
So here's a guy who is the person who stamps safe on vaccines, who's going to meet with injured people and physicians that represent thousands of other people who have been injured by the vaccine.
And he doesn't show up for that meeting because he's going to celebrate.
community being, you know, granted full approval.
So, and these conversations go on for years, you know, August, October, then December, it's every two, three months.
And the whole conversation that's so shocking is that these physicians, and again, Bree's a preschool teacher, okay?
She's not a doctor.
So she's,
Here you have the head of the FDA, and you'll see this in the film, asking a preschool teacher and a critical care physician if they could deliver 88 terms for neuropathy that they could search in their own system.
You will hear Peter March say things, well, why don't you tell us what you think we should be looking for?
That's the head of CBER guys.
That's the person that stamps safe.
And that's what's so incredible, right?
It's the amount of information that was brought to Peter Mark's attention that he says he can't find it.
There's this great moment in the film with Dr. Teresa Long, who was one of the whistleblowers for the DMED data, the Defense Medical Epidemiology Database.
And there's just great moment where Peter Marx is saying, well, you know, there's something rare like transverse myelitis.
If we saw a signal like that, then we could we could identify that, right?
But we don't see that there is no signal for it.
That basically cuts right over to Teresa Long and she's handing you a document that shows
a massive rise in transverse myelitis in 2021.
And that was only for people that were affected in, you know, that were in the military, that were in that database.
So it's shocking when you hear the FDA continuously deny that there's no safety signal.
And we have, you know, we have CMS data from a whistleblower.
We have the VAERS database, obviously, and then we have the DMAID database.
And when you compare those databases, you see the exact same rise in numbers.
I mean, the math speaks for itself.
It doesn't have to be a conspiracy or anything else.
It's just math guys.
You know, VAERS has been around for 30 years.
2021 had the most incredible rise we've ever seen in the entire history of that database system, so much so that they had to make the graph bigger to compensate for the numbers.
And you're going to tell me that with an experimental product rolled out onto the public that's never been introduced to the population before, that that's not cause for concern.
That's not a signal.
And I think that's a big part of the film is you realize that the people in the regulatory agencies who are entrusted with our health and safety.
Overtly denied their own data.
And they made sure that that data didn't get reported either.
And we show that from small hospital systems all the way up to the government level.
So it's a very large story and it has to be in order for it to speak to people.

[SPEAKER_02]
If I could just jump in and interject because I have four minutes before I have to jump, and I apologize to everyone who tuned in.
I'm actually involved in an investigation regarding the Miesel outbreak in Texas.
And so it's, as you can imagine, urgent.
And I got a call just a few minutes ago that I have to run out and take care of something regarding that.
But before I go, I do want to give a big shout out to David Katz and the Santa Monica Film Festival.
Follow the silence, its world premiere is happening this Saturday, two days from now.
And at 11 a.m., the Director's Guild of America in West Hollywood, if you're anywhere near it's worth your drive, it's worth a short flight, please come in, there's an after party, there's a VIP reception, there's Q&A and all kinds of good stuff.
We'll all be there, the cast and crew.
So it's Santa Monica Film Festival dot com.
is where you pick up your tickets.
But to David Katz, thank you, my friend.
I know you're tuned in.
I just got a text from you.
Thank you so much.
This man has been so brave to platform our films and show them right in the bell of the beast to show this film at the Director's Guild of America.
Right in West Hollywood is kind of like one of the greatest turning of the tides ever.
And that's how brave he is.
That's how brave he is.
He platformed the great awakening, the musical.
He's been one of the only ones brave enough to bring this right into Hollywood and kind of put it right in their face.
And so thank you, David Katz.
We'll see you Saturday and all of you that's coming, please come.
And if you can't wait for the premiere of the online premiere of this movie, probably in about a month from now, we'll be getting out to the world.
We're looking at the best ways to do that right now.
And when it is out there, please share it far and wide.
This just might be the film to wake up those family members
that you're still at odds with.
And that's one of the main reasons we've made this.
And so again, thank you, Steve, because this movie would not exist without you.
Thank you for not only your generosity, but for your patience through this process.
He called me probably twice to say, is this movie ever going to really be finished?

[SPEAKER_06]
It was more than twice.

[SPEAKER_02]
More than twice.
It's entirely my fault.
But he was totally, totally cool about it.
I said, this is the way it goes, Steve.
Can you give me a date?
No, I can't, because I don't know.
And I hope soon, but it will be ready when it's ready.
And thank you for your patience.
And for all the team that's on this right now producing this podcast, thank you for your continued support.
and all that you've done to bring awareness to this subject.
And for that, I gotta go.

[SPEAKER_03]
Mickey, I wanna add one thing that I saw on purchasing tickets.
If you can't make it, I believe there's a way to purchase ticket for a vaccine-injured cast from the film.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yes, thank you, Livio.
For that, go to followthesilenced.com.
And you can purchase tickets.
So we have a lot of injured people that have been out of work, unable to travel.
If you want to donate larger amounts of that, I'll give you too many websites.
Sorry, go to pandemic.com.
Just make sure you tag that donation to the, you know, for follow the silence.
And we will put 100% of that towards injured people that want to come.
We're trying to pay for them now.
We're trying to find ways that some of them are wheelchairs.
They have special needs.
And to get them out to the location.
But these people have been forced out of their jobs.
And so finances aren't always readily available for them.
So any help that you can give to help these people come out and experience the movie that wouldn't exist without them and their sacrifice,
would be greatly appreciated.
Again, thank you all so much for your love and continued support.

[SPEAKER_03]
Thank you, Mickey, and good luck Saturday.
We'll see you Saturday in Los Angeles.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, great job.
Really, really awesome.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thank you, guys.

[SPEAKER_03]
Thank you, Matthew.
Wow.
Well, I look forward to seeing that film, Steve.
I can't wait.
It's going to be awesome.
Yeah.
So let's shift gears.
As Mickey's going off to cover the measles story, we're going to talk about it here.
And actually, before we bring on our next guest, Steve, I was going to ask you, did you ever get the measles as a youngster?

[SPEAKER_06]
I did.
I did.
It was a long time ago.

[SPEAKER_03]
And do you even remember how severe it was?

[SPEAKER_06]
No, no, I wasn't that bad.
I mean, it was, it's not something that I specifically remember as being like, oh, wow, almost died kind of thing.

[SPEAKER_03]
But it was definitely.
Was the vaccine available?
Did you?

[SPEAKER_06]
I think I, I, I, um, I don't know.
I mean, you know, this is in, uh, you know, 1960s.
So, yeah.
I don't know even when MMR is around.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right.
Well, we're going to dive into the subject, but I want to, before I bring on our guests, I want to play a local news clip from CBS News in the local Texas area covering this story.
And then we can get feedback on it from Dr. Stella Manuel and Dr. Henry Ely.
Let me play this clip first before I bring them on.

[SPEAKER_20]
Welcome back to CBS News 24-7.
Alright, so tune in to Mexico right now.
Well, that state's Department of Health reported a death.
And they say it's possibly due to measles.
This is an unvaccinated adult patient who passed away testing positive for the illness.
The death happened in Leah County, which is right next to Gaines County, Texas, where we've been telling you about those cases, that outbreak.
Today, 137 cases reported.
There are nearly 200 total cases in the state of Texas and 23 of those
were infected, had to be hospitalized.
So far, one unvaccinated school-aged child in that area died due to measles-related complications.
Gaines County is home to a large, unvaccinated Mennonite population.
CBS News correspondent Omar Villafranca is live in Tarrant County, Texas.
Okay, so you had the unique opportunity to speak to a doctor there who was treating children.
What did you learn?

[SPEAKER_21]
Well, we just got back from Gaines County late last night.
And the doctor told us that he has been working with that Mennonite community for almost 30 years.
The majority of the patients that he's seeing are young children who are unvaccinated.
And they are of age to receive the vaccine.
But in that Mennonite community, they're very weary of Western medicine, he says.
So they're not doing it.
And what was interesting is that he was telling me he wants to earn their trust as a doctor so they'll come in and see him.
It's a community he loves and he respects him and he wants to treat them.
But there's a fine line he walks.
As a matter of fact, there was a quote where he said, you know, he will tell them about the vaccines.
He will show them pictures of, you know, before the vaccine of children's graves.
And it was young kids who were dying from this because that's who was susceptible.
And he says it doesn't move them.
He's like it's like trying to his quote was almost like trying to convert someone from Christianity to Islam.
He's like, it's tough.
It's difficult.
But he wants their trust so they can come and see him for other medical needs.

[SPEAKER_20]
Well, people who are not in that community, wide swaths of the country believe that the way to prevent measles is to get the measles vaccine.
But how is a doctor when you have a community that has the belief systems that they have?
How does he steer them if they're not going to get the vaccine to try to prevent measles?

[SPEAKER_21]
Well, he talks to them about being aware and being cognizant of signs of it.
So if they do have it, they can come in and get some sort of treatment.
And listen, there's been some criticism coming out from doctors of HHS Secretary RFK Jr. who said, oh, you can take vitamin A and you can take various steroids and cod liver oil.
So I asked the doctor about that.
I said, there's been some reports that
the the cure and it's a cure and he said no that's not a cure.
Should people take it if they want to?
Absolutely.
If they want to take vitamin A, if they want to take cod liver oil and do these steroids he was like that's fine and he thinks it should be studied more but he tells him it's not going to cure measles.
The vaccine is what helps but again there's just some people who are just not gonna do it.

[SPEAKER_20]
Well, there's the Texas Touchstones, and we're glad you got that opportunity to have that interview, and then also the New Mexico Touchstone as well.
Omar Villafranca, always good to talk to you.
Our thoughts with those who have lost loved ones from measles today.

[SPEAKER_03]
All right.
Well, that sets the table.
I'm going to bring first on and read her bio.
Dr. Stella Emanuel.
Dr. Stella, welcome back to VSRF Live.
How are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_19]
Hey, always a pleasure to be here with you guys.

[SPEAKER_03]
Always great to have you.
I'm going to read your bio before I bring on Dr. Henry Ely.
Dr. Emanuel is a Cameroonian American physician and minister based in Houston, Texas, trained in general medicine in Nigeria before completing her residency in the US.
She has been a vocal advocate for early COVID-19 treatment using hydroxychloroquine and ivermectin.
Throughout the pandemic, she has successfully treated thousands of patients, emphasizing the importance of accessible early intervention to prevent hospitalization.
Beyond medicine, Dr. Emanuel is a dedicated minister, author, and spiritual warrior.
Through her ministry, books, and advocacy, she continues to challenge mainstream narratives and empower people to take control of their health and faith.
And also I'd like to bring on Dr. Henry E. Lee.
Welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you, sir?

[SPEAKER_05]
Let me get myself unmuted.
I'll leave you, I'm doing great.
Steve, what's up?
It's good to see you, brother.
And Dr. Stella, always a pleasure.
Thanks for having me.

[SPEAKER_03]
Thank you for joining.
Let me read your bio before we get started.
Dr. Henry Ely, affectionately known as Dr. H, he is the founder of the Energetic Health Institute, where he has dedicated over 25 years to teaching the power of natural medicine and the body's innate ability to heal with the doctorate in naturopathic medicine from SCNM, Sonoran University of Health Sciences.
and a background in mechanical engineering from UCLA.
Dr. H combined science, faith, and holistic healing in his work.
He is a board certified in holistic nutrition and has authored numerous educational materials on cellular healing, detoxification, and vaccine education.
As an advocate for medical freedom, he has been a leading voice in exposing flaws in public health,
data and pushing for transparency in health care policies.
Very impressive, both of you.
So I wanted to start with that story right there in Texas.
I know Stella, you're down there, I believe, in Texas and start with you with what's going on, this illness that's been around for quite some time and pretty much under control.
Now it's everywhere on the news.

[SPEAKER_19]
The first thing I want to talk about is that one case of death
from any illness, any illness.
I know that every death is a tragedy, but one case of death from any illness is not a reason for us to lose our minds collectively, because people die from accidents, people die from pneumonia, people die from common cold.
I mean, we have like 60,000 deaths from just the flu.
You know something?
So one case of death from measles should not be the reason for everybody to lose their minds.
That's number one.
And I feel bad for the person that lost their lives.
But that shows you that the death rate from measles, it's like way, way, way.
I mean, I'm talking, just think about the flu.
The death rate from the flu on a yearly basis.
We lose about, even with the flu vaccination and everything, we lose about maybe 40 to 50,000 just on the flu.
So I want people to not...

[SPEAKER_06]
So we need to get people to get the flu vaccine, right?
You know, that's the ridiculousness of it.
Here we have the flu vaccine and there are 50,000 deaths, but let's not talk about that or the vaccination problem with the flu.
Let's talk about that one death from the measles.
And by the way, this is why the first death in 10 years in the United States of America, and these men and I have been unvaccinated the whole 10 years, right?
Steve, what has changed here?

[SPEAKER_19]
They said maybe.
They don't tell us what else is going on in that patient's life.
They didn't tell us whether this person has COPD, whether they have some immune problem that a common cold can knock them out.

[SPEAKER_06]
Did they die from measles or with measles?

[SPEAKER_19]
They don't know.
They didn't say that.
That's number one.
Number two is for years right now,
We have left our southern border open, so we have all kinds of businesses coming in that we didn't know or could not handle, which we are not addressing that issue either.
Number three, when we were growing up, they practically had measles parties.
kicking pox parties.
If you had measles, one child had measles, they basically gathered all the children in the community to go hang out and, you know, and, you know, and basically eat around and cup on each other so that everybody develops immunity.
It's even crazier to suggest that in a measles outbreak, where people are having active measles, they should give them a vaccine.
That is not science.
So some of these things, it just gets me like really rattles, do something.
And we're listening to the person that we're talking to, oh, we don't know what a vitamin A works.
There are actually studies that were done in NIH that shows that zinc, you know, measles is an RNA virus.
All RNA viruses can be mitigated with zinc.
So, with zinc and any zinc ionophore like quacetin, elderberry, and vitamin A, vitamin C, and good vitamin D can basically keep that community healthy.
So, I am getting tired of people of them doing things just to
get everybody upset and crazy so that we can get vaccines.
And the last point I will make before I can let somebody else talk before I rant again, is the fact that the MMR vaccine also produces the same symptoms and kept alive, idiopathic, trouble, psychic, popular, all the different MMR vaccine
It's actually a life attenuated vaccine.
That means they take the vaccine and they weaken it.
So it can produce the same symptoms.
The MMR vaccine can actually share and cause a measles outbreak.
So I'm trying to tell what I'm trying to say here is
I think they should just shut it.
And if they want to inject people with measles vaccine and inject adults with measles vaccine, just do a measles vaccine campaign and stop trying to scare people.
Do you have something?
We can deal with this.
I would go to that community
and teach people to get healthy, build their immunity so that this thing can pass.
Because we human beings were susceptible to diseases and we build our natural immunity that helps us to overcome diseases.
Not inject yourself with the latest vaccine, which I'm sure right now they probably have it in the mRNA.
They probably have it in the mRNA.
They want to inject everybody with it.
So if there was mass vaccinations, more people would get hurt
than if they find a way to do something.
They'll do mass vaccination for adults and more people from vaccine injury.
So I mean, this is crazy.

[SPEAKER_06]
OK, so let me let me ask you both a question, which is how many of your patients are vaccinated for measles?
Like what percentage?
Like 10 percent, 90 percent, 80 percent, 50 percent?
Like what's the what are the numbers?

[SPEAKER_19]
As a pediatrician, and right now I do general medicine, as a pediatrician, most of my patients were vaccinated.
This was my pre-awake era, because at that time I recommended all vaccines and I thought it was great.
But now I am kind of like a skeptic, I question everything.
So when it comes to vaccination right now, I say something like, until we get better data, until we get better accountability, until you know something.
So I would not recommend vaccine, but many of my patients were not vaccinated and I know many of them that are healthy and doing well.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
So, you know, I would pay money to see, to watch a video of you trying to convince your younger self not to get vaccinated.
That ought to be a hurt.
I mean,
I think I could make millions from the video.
That would be like fireworks going off on both sides.
I can't imagine how that would work out.
But what if you wouldn't survive?
I'm not sure which one.

[SPEAKER_05]
I think the new Dr. Stella would win.
I'm going to say, Steve, I think the new Dr. Stella would take the old Dr. Stella out.

[SPEAKER_03]
Dr. Lee, how about you?
What do you, the question Steve asked to Dr. Emanuel, what are you seeing in your practice?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, well, in my practice when I had one now, I told everybody I don't have a practice anymore.
I teach.
I teach people to be free, to be healthy.
And I gave all that stuff up.
I'd rather work with people in educational format and give them the information to make their own informed decisions.
Right.
But when I was seeing folks, my moms, the mama bears that came into me, I got all the mama bears that didn't want to get any of the vaccines.
It was well known that I was not going to advocate for any vaccine at any point in time in my career.
So I got all the ones where it was 0% and I had to write the letters to get the exemption handled at school and everything like that and to be able to play sports and all that.
So I was the doctor that everybody came to write those exemptions.
So that's my early claim to fame there, Livio.
So on, but on the DSHS, Dr. Stella brought up some really good points and I wanted to read something and I put a couple links in the chat leave you I don't know if you want to bring it up the first one on there the latest from the DSHS that's the department, the State Department of Health and Human Services essentially for Texas.
They did something when they first started this that was very akin to what was going on, Steve, in Disneyland in 2014, 2015.
See, this is the big Harma playbook.
Let's make measles the big thing, make all the moms and dads really scared about an infection that shows up as a rash, not even in every case.
And that 99.99999% of kids recovered from without too much issue, right?
Let's drum this up because what they're going after is in Texas conscientious exemptions.
Right now, in Texas, parents can just sign a quick form, say, I don't want to get the shots and the kids can't be withheld from school.
So this was the same thing that happened in California in 2014.
That was what Californians had.
I lived in California.
I had to actually become a California refugee after this law came in that mandated you had to have all these shots to have your kid go to school.
So the first part of Big Harvest Plan is take out the exemptions.
If we can get the exemptions taken out now, they can start with legislation that's going to mandate, force mandate vaccines in schools.
And then you have this same repetitive process that we've seen first.
It was in California, then it was in New York.
And now they're targeting Texas, no accident, the three largest populous, most populous states.
So if you scroll down on this, Livio, this is DHS, scroll all the way down past all the county stuff right there, right there.
Scroll right back up, right back up, little more, little more, little more, right in there, right there, right there.
It's great pocket, right there.
So, when DSHS first started publishing this data, and I brought this to Robert F. Kennedy Jr.'s attention a couple of weeks ago, they were grouping the not vaccinated and the unknown status together.
And this is the same thing we saw in COVID.
Yeah.
Right?
This is the same thing.
This has been a lot.
Right?
So,
It's a good trick.

[SPEAKER_06]
They do it in Santa Clara County, too.

[SPEAKER_05]
Exactly.
Anywhere they want to drive up, it's the unvaccinated doing this.
They always do that.
Now, here's the thing that everybody needs to understand.
When they take a case, and I actually called the DSHS and was on with them for an hour reading in the riot act on this a couple of weeks ago,
I said, look, I'm a doctor.
I need to be able to give my patient body a good informed and good information.
I can't give them good information when you're grouping these two together.
So a couple of days later, they changed this.
So I don't know what role I played in that.
probably RFK Jr. played a bigger role in it, but it was very clear that what they're doing is grouping.
And now you see, look at how many unknown statuses there are.
138 out of this population right here of a little over 200, right?
138 are unknown.
When you take a case and you submit to the DSHS as a physician, you are required to know that status.
So DSHS knows this status.
So the large percentage of that 138 are actually vaccinated.
How do I know you go to the school records?
94% of kids in schools right now and between the ages of zero and 17, 94% in Texas are vaccinated.
So Steve, we're reasonable people.
It stands to reason that roughly about 90 some odd percent would be
right, vaccinated, but they don't want that out there.
So what do they do?
They put them in the unknown category when they're actually do know that they're vaccinated, because if they release the data, it would show that the vaccinated, which we see on the CDC surveillance reports, the vaccinated actually are showing up higher than the unvaccinated.
So when you go to the MMR surveillance reports from the CDC, and I have one, an old one, I can bring up Livio in a second,
When you go to those, you see that the pandemics, the epidemics are driven by the vaccinated.
Why?
Because the shots are live viruses.
MMR and MMRV are live viruses.
And when you go to Merck, Merck is the producer of two of the three shots.
When you go to Merck and you read through the insert, what do they tell you?
First and foremost, these shots have never been evaluated for carcinogenicity.
mutagenicity, or infertility.
And that's true of every shot FDA approved right now.
They've never been evaluated for whether or not they cause cancer, and it's right there in the insert.
The second thing you go to is you go to what is the post-marketing data say on what do people develop after getting the shot?
What do people develop after getting the shot?
Severe neurologic distress, diseases, things like autism,
What do the kids develop?
Measles?
What do the kids develop?
In worst cases, death.
And when you look at those things, you have to ask a parent, do you even know what's in the shot?
Well, in the shots that Merck produces, one of the common ingredients are aborted human fetal tissue, something we saw Jay Bhattacharya and his confirmation hearings actually take the Senate committee to task on, which I was very happy to see, that he will not approve anything that has aborted human fetal tissue in it.
Well, these shots do have a boarded human fetal tissue in it.
And the problem with shooting a baby full of a boarded human fetal tissue is that the immune system is going to identify that as not self.
And as soon as that baby's immune system identifies as not self, you're going to have a very aggressive immune response.
And with that immune response and with the live virus and with some of the other ingredients in the Excipient Summary, you have the stage set for a very, very violent reaction.
So when now you go, when you understand that and you listen to Dr. Stella and you go, okay, what is the Department of Health and Human Services in Texas actually saying?
Livio, can you bring that up?
Cause I want everybody to see this.
This is actually malpractice what they are saying here.
Same thing right there, right below that graph that you had before, Livio, right below where the unvaccinated and all of them are, not this one, not this one, Livio, go back to the one before, right below it, it's the second bullet point, right there, the second bullet point.
Go scroll up just a little bit more, a little more, a little more, right there, right there.
The investigations into cases who are currently classified as vaccinated are ongoing.
A dose of MMR is given to unvaccinated people within 72 hours of their exposure to the measles to lessen the severity of the illness.
If you have been infected with measles, then that means you don't need a shot.
You're just giving a child an additional thing for the immune system to respond to.
It's absolutely malpractice.
And what's so shocking about this, Livio, is that Merck even specifically states in their inserts, do not do this.
there's that it could lead to death if you do this.
And look what the DSHS is saying right there.

[SPEAKER_06]
Wow.
Is there any evidence in any studies showing that it's a that giving measles is effective?

[SPEAKER_05]
Not to a child that has an active infection going on.
It's just stupid.
Where do they come up with this stuff?
Just right out of thin air?
They come up with it with this, Steve.
It's all about the money.
That's all this is.
What this?
It's just about the money.
Give me the cheddar, baby.
That's all it is.
Give me the money.
That's all this is about.
Show me the money.

[SPEAKER_03]
Show me the money.
Nurse Angela sent me a chart earlier before the show.
Look at this.
Measles vaccine deaths versus measles deaths.
And this is from VAERS data and from the CDC.
And the the red are the measles vaccine deaths and the blue are measles.

[SPEAKER_06]
So clearly we should get them the measles vaccine that because we get more deaths.
That's so insane.
Nobody looks at this.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_19]
The issue is that the measles vaccine is not harmless.
Even
Remember that they always tell you when you're taking like this like like viruses that when people are around you that have immune problems, don't take the live virus.
So when they go, if they want to do like a mass measles vaccination right now, they're endangering people that are already whose immunity is already weakened from the COVID vaccine and from the COVID and from all of the things that have been happening.
So they might actually worsen the epidemic, you know, something.
So if you give a live virus right now to somebody that's on steroids or
Just anybody with low immunity, they practically can contact measles from that and usually get sicker.
With measles, one of the things that when people get measles, when children get measles, pneumonia and encephalitis, but pneumonia can be treated.
And especially if you allow them to get breathing treatments with like urethanitis, it will help them repair their lungs.
If you give like n-acetylcysteine that is an antioxidant and
and protective to the lungs.
So there's so much more that we can do as the medical community.
So, I mean, Steve, you know, Harry has been
a great thing for me to just wake up from being just a regular doctor that just pushes me from a stop to realizing that health is not just about, you know, catch them, you know, give them a vaccine and give them some antibiotic or give them some medication.
And then if they get a side effect, give them three other medications to deal with the side effect of the one.
We have to get back to natural immunity.
There are many things, like I said, vitamin D, vitamin C, vitamin A, zinc, these have been studied.
If you go to the NIH and you put mesolus and vitamin A or mesolus and zinc,
these are studies that have been done.
And right now, just increasing the ability for people to absorb zinc by giving them quercetin or elderberry would actually change these things.
So, I mean, it's so sad how we've become, right now it's just crazy because we need to wake up and start as doctors and start saying,
back to natural party, adding natural medicine to Western medicine so that we can come up with something that can keep people healthy.

[SPEAKER_06]
So they never talked about what the child who supposedly died from measles rather than with measles, they never talked about how that child was treated once the child had measles, right?
I know.
That's like, do you?
I do.
I do.

[SPEAKER_05]
I was the person that helped connect our Robert F. Kennedy Jr. with the dad.
Before the child died?
After the child passed away to offer condolences on behalf of the country.

[SPEAKER_06]
So you know what the doctors had recommended then?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, we have a couple.

[SPEAKER_06]
Did the child die from measles or with measles?

[SPEAKER_05]
Here's the story that we've been able to confirm, Steve, from a couple different sources.
We need to see the medical records, and of course you'd have to interview to kind of see, right?
You have to recreate you weren't there.
The child was admitted 10 days before the child unfortunately passed away with, uh, the child was admitted with RSV, uh, diagnosis and pneumonia.
The child.
Wow.
Right.
That doesn't sound like measles to me.
Not at all.
Right.
So now the child is in the pediatric ICU being treated.
Now I was told by people that work on the, that floor that they do not administer the, any vaccines while child's in the pediatric ICU.
I've heard that from two sources, I have to trust that.
But we also have to keep in mind what the DSHS is recommending of vaccinating a child within 72 hours, right, an unvaccinated child.
So who knows, we have to see the medical records and then even then who still knows.
When did the child develop measles?
Five days in the child from what I have been told was given a PCR test.
We all know how successful those are.
And then given the diagnosis of measles.
The parents from what I have been told, again, what I have been told.
From a PCR test.
From a PCR test.

[SPEAKER_06]
Not from symptoms?

[SPEAKER_05]
No.
Well, Livio, pull up that second, the second one, not the ones I just put in, but the second one from the DSHS.

[SPEAKER_19]
And so many more children die from ARES veto.
So why couldn't that try to die from pneumonia and ARES?
Why?
Right.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, here's my question, Dr. Stella.

[SPEAKER_06]
If you die from measles, don't you like have to have symptoms before you die from measles?

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, this is the question, right?
And but now if you get a PCR test where the cycle threshold is spooled up, you can find whatever you want.
And the parents, well, this is what I was told, Dr. Stella, the parents requested budesonide and where the only case in the hospital where budesonide was prohibited from being administered to the child.
And budesonide has a 100% success rate in those.
So if you look right here under the laboratory confirmation tests on that column on the far right,
and you'll scroll down at what is a confirmatory test detection of measles virus specific nucleic acids by PCR.
They are utilizing, they've thrown PCR on this.
Now, Dr. Stella, you know this as well as I do, that we always used to confirm infections in the progress of therapeutics based upon viral load testing and
And then based upon serology for antibodies, if a person has IgM and IgG, then they are in an active infection.
If there is no IgM and there's only IgG, we know that the infection is over and the person now has immune for the rest of their life pretty much, right?
So what I'm showing here is that the DSHS is opening up the COVID playbook and trying to use the COVID playbook.
And then you have the collusion of the legacy media that comes in and one death is, oh my God, but never mind all the kids that have been killed by the MMR and MMRV.
I went into just it looked embarrassed.
VAERS has confirmation of 303 deaths based upon the MMR and MMRV, but no mention of that.
And the VAERS has over 100,000 reported events following MMR and MMRV administration.

[SPEAKER_19]
That's just 10% so extrapolated.

[SPEAKER_05]
Right, that's what I'm saying, right?
So we're talking over a million at least of these, you know, in cases, but let's focus on the one kid that we did a PCR test on and then passed away, okay?
And the kid didn't have symptoms, didn't have like measles, you know, right?
But measles would have been immediately, right?
Dr. Stella measles would have been immediately on that diagnosis.
It wasn't as far as being pneumonia.

[SPEAKER_06]
Like, you can't have measles without knowing you have measles, right?

[SPEAKER_19]
Yeah, but Steve, if you have measles in the first two, three days of measles, you have the conflict spots in your mouth.
And then you develop a rash.
In fact, what makes you think people know it's measles is the rash.
Use some things.
You cannot have massive measles.
And then you don't develop any of the symptoms.
And then you have ARESB and pneumonia.
And then they do a PCR test.
And then you died from measles.
That doesn't make any sense to me.
It's not a sign.

[SPEAKER_06]
Right.
Right.
So when you die from measles, don't you have to have the rash before you die from measles?
So it's left its calling card.
Yes.
So this kid have a measles rash before the kid died.
Well, there is a such thing as.

[SPEAKER_19]
And develop pneumonia from the.

[SPEAKER_05]
There it is.
It's measles.
The rash shows up first, then pneumonia.

[SPEAKER_19]
They develop pneumonia.
Right.

[SPEAKER_05]
So backwards.

[SPEAKER_19]
Yeah.
That's crazy.

[SPEAKER_05]
Right, so it's all bullshit.
It's all BS.
This is what I've been calling out.
So I was a member, Steve, of the team that was supporting RFK Jr. behind the scenes, giving him the executive brief and everything on what to recommend.
We definitely recommended vitamin A, all right?
We definitely recommended vitamin A. I was a big on vitamin A.
We have ample evidence of high levels of vitamin A for short periods of time, reverses.
I've seen it in my practice.
So what did they do?
They withheld vitamin A from the child?
Vitamin A was not administered that we know of to the child, but vitamin A wasn't recommended at that time by the CDC.
This vitamin A doesn't come in till after the child has died and it's on some little salt.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, after the child dies, then you give the child vitamin A.
Sure, right.
That makes sense.

[SPEAKER_05]
So one of the things we did was we found a study from the Linus Pauling Institute at the University of Oregon State, which is one of the premier research, nutritional research facilities in the country.
And what we found is a study that was actually funded by the NIH showing an 83% reduction in mortality when you administer 200,000 IUs of vitamin A in a retinol form over a course of a couple of days.
They actually only administered it twice.
over the course of a week, and it lowered mortality by 83% in severe cases.
So when you hear the media making fun of cod liver oil, it's like, well, we didn't recommend cod liver oil.
I don't know where that came from.
I would never recommend cod liver oil in this case.
But when you start talking about therapeutic application of nutrition in these situations, you go to higher dosing for shorter periods of time and activated forms, retinols, the activated form.
And what that does is it accelerates immune cell replication.
And when immune cell replication accelerates, now you get the immune system taking over the infection and the child has an opportunity to recover.
One of my big concerns with this case is not only the prohibition of budesonite upon request, but my other concern is did they administer a MMR shot and what they actually would actually cause the death was the MMR.
My other concern is they had to intubate this child.
And in intubation, they're going to have to anesthetize this child.
And did that play a role in her suppression of respiratory function and cardiovascular function?
My opinion is they wanted a death.
And they were waiting because we saw measles being seeded for a couple of weeks.
They were waiting for a child death.
And you have to think of why do they want that?
Because if you get a child death, you can now blow it up all over the national media.
And now what you get are parents begging for safety.
And a parent begging for safety will not think clearly and will start saying, yes, take away the exemptions, take away the exemptions.
And now what you have is the runway set for a Senate bill or a House bill that is going to come in and say, if your kid is going to go to school, they have to be fully vaccinated.
And what's still on the childhood schedule, the COVID shots?

[SPEAKER_19]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_05]
Okay, so this is a big deal.
And we've seen it happen in California.
We've seen it happen in New York.
And now we're seeing it happen again in Texas.
And we got to make sure Texas holds fast on this one.
It says no to it.
Because the Department of Education in Texas, it already has issued letters to parents saying, if we see your kid has a rash and is suspected and is unvaccinated, they are not going to be admitted back to school for at least 21 days.
Those letters have already gone out to parents.
So that's why I'm ringing the alarm.
That's why I was ringing the alarm on this as soon as it happened because we've seen this playbook before and the only result has been for parents like me.
I had to flee my state of California to go to another state where as soon as I got there, another vaccine mandate bill showed up for school-aged children.
You know what I mean?
And it's like, if we're going to have an honest conversation, Steve, about
Health freedom, it has to start with freedom of choice on something that we know to be poisonous for our children in the first place.

[SPEAKER_19]
Yes.
And the thing about this vaccine, what is they are doing?
They are playing with the minds and the emotions of people and
many doctors don't have this information that we're sharing.
So many doctors are scared about their licenses.
Many doctors are, they are just, most of us, most of us, our training was more of a programming than a true training for you to be able to think for yourself.
So we are in a situation where if we don't have these conversations and speak up like we're doing right now, we risk
generation.
We risked them bringing back mandates on vaccines and then at the end of the day, sneaking in mRNA vaccines in, you know, basically turning the childhood vaccine to different mRNA vaccines and sneaking it into the people's life and people accepting it.
And the side effects, the deaths that come from the vaccinations is way, way more than just one case of measles that actually had pneumonia from, you know, had pneumonia from
RSV and, you know, and then measles was thrown in.
So we need to wake up.
We need to wake up.
And I would advise people right now, just, you know, get, you know, vitamin D is vitamin C D zinc.
get this immunity build up now.
That is one of the biggest things that I've done in the past five years was establish not just medicine, but make sure that people can be able to take vitamins and everything to build the immunity.
99% of my patients that have been taking the vitamins that we've been recommending, they don't get flu, they don't get COVID.
I haven't had the flu for a long time.
I've not even been sick for five years.
You know what I'm saying?
So we need to wake up.
Oh my God, I get so rattled in this career.

[SPEAKER_03]
Keep getting rattled.

[SPEAKER_19]
I love it.
What?

[SPEAKER_06]
I thought that was a conversion of you.
I'm like waiting for the rattled version.
By the way, this is the spiritual version of me.
From our last conversation.
So I brought my spiritual person for this particular conversation rather than the real me.
Spirit Steve.

[SPEAKER_03]
I've also noticed I was looking around the New York Times and it wasn't just measles.
I saw headlines for tuberculosis, like epidemic and other illnesses in Africa that are coming our way.
Is this some sort of a propaganda experiment or what's going on with all these other illnesses that we thought were like taken care of and now- I gotta go lock the doors here to make sure the measles doesn't get- Yes, keep it out.

[SPEAKER_06]
Keep it out.

[SPEAKER_05]
Livio, did you see the one Livio from Australia yesterday?
Yes.
Did you see that one that Bill Gates is warning of a manmade virus release?
It's like, it's like, exactly.

[SPEAKER_03]
Thank you for referencing that.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
Thank you for, thank you for telling us what we already know, but being open about it, right?
I mean, you know, at a certain point it does come down to exactly what Dr. Stella is saying.
Listen,
A well-nourished immune system is your greatest advantage that you have.
Because what we have to do in terms of the education of this is we have to get across to people.
In Livio, we just launched a beautiful class at Energetic Health Institute called Vaccine Education for Mama Bears.
And one of the things we do in there is we take Mama Bears through what informed consent looks like for every shot.
And we take them through bears.
We take them through the ingredient list, all this stuff.
But we take them through how to nourish their children.
And because what we keep hearing is vaccines are safe and effective, we keep hearing that the vaccine is the cause of the immunity.
And the thing I keep telling people is, no, no, no, no, a vaccine at best, at best, if there was a such thing as a safe vaccine, which there isn't, and even the manufacturers admit this.
that if a vaccine at best is an artificial infection, at best, that's what it is.
What gives you immunity is your God-given immune system.
And for it to work at its peak, it needs to be well nourished.
So that's where Dr. Stella is saying, vitamin A.
vitamin D, vitamin C, a zinc ionophore like quercetin.
And then put some zinc into the system.
Give the immune system what it needs to perform at its peak, and it will.
And then you never have to worry at all, not even a drop about it.
So there's a course we just put together.
We just launched it.
I've actually been teaching this course in a certification format.
We wanted to open it up to everybody, everybody in the world.
This is 19 years of my work on vaccines from the FDA, from the vaccine manufacturers, from CBER, from all these places.
I'm just showing you what they're telling you, what's hiding in plain sight.
We have a great section in every single lesson on mom to mom.
We have a great mom by the name of Brittany Cara, who's done that whole thing that we all had to do, go from the indoctrination of vaccines to I'm not vaccinating my kid ever again.
And everything that you do as a mom to make sure your kids are gonna be super, super healthy, happy and whole.
And with this one right here, we have a special for everybody that's watching tonight, VSRF 5-0 put in VSRF 5-0.
RF50 and you get $50 off right off the bat and you get lifetime access to this course.
Dr. Stella, you got to give me your email again so I can just put you in there straight away.
Steve, Livio, just give me your email.
I'll put you in there straight away.
But the idea is that if we give moms this power,
That course right there is going to give the mom everything she needs to argue and win.
Every argument, I don't care if it's in a doctor's office.
I don't care if it's at a family dinner with a family member who's indoctrinated.
It's going to overcome fear with facts.
Because when I tell you from the first lesson, what's in each and every shot,
And we start talking about the aluminum and the barium and the red dye and the green monkey kidney cells and the aborted human fetal tissue and the fetal bovine serum and all this witch doctor cocktail crap that's in these shots.
And then I tell mom's this, Stella, you're going to love this one.
I say, OK, I've described what's in the shot.
Now, if I put that on a spoon, would you let your baby drink it?
And they like, no.
And I said, then why do you think magically you can inject that into your baby?
And the baby's going to be able to withstand that assault.

[SPEAKER_06]
Great question.

[SPEAKER_05]
OK. And as soon as you get that, people go, oh, I get it.
And now we can have that honest conversation finally about, listen,
I understand the intention and I understand the hope that we all have.
Nobody ever wants their child to get sick.
But Steve, just like you were talking about, we had chicken pock parties.
We had measles parties.
You actually wanted to get sick and get it over with early because you developed lifetime immunity.
That's still possible.
That's how awesome God is and how awesome the body that you live within is.
All we have to do is stop running to the big Harma for a solution when all we know is they profit off of creating disease.
And it's all in their literature.
So you can't say the right thing to the wrong ear.
But I think right now we're seeing in our country, Steve, which is so exciting.
is people are asking these questions, and we can see it in what they call the vaccine skeptics or the vaccine hesitancy.
We can see it in the numbers that are dropping substantially of people who are saying, I want to go and line up my kid or myself to have a needle put into their arm.
It's something I never thought we were going to get to and get to this quickly.
But as you all know from me, it's not
We're not knocking this house of cards down fast enough.
I still want to see a repeal on the liability protections.
And I'm going to tell you right now, I love RFK Jr.
I do.
And I'm a big fan of his.
I still want to see us pull the trigger and get those mRNA shots pulled from the market.
It's going to wind up in the Supreme Court anyway.
We might as well get this fight started today because it's going to wind up right in the Supreme Court with from Pfizer and Moderna.
I can tell you that right now.
I want to say a couple of quick things.

[SPEAKER_03]
Janet will put in the chat the link to Dr. Ely's website that he just mentioned.
Also, I forgot to mention, if you have questions for Dr. Emanuel and Dr. Ely, please put them in the chat all caps and I'll ask them your questions.
Sorry to interrupt Dr. Emanuel.

[SPEAKER_19]
Yeah, one of the things that we need to really stop is mandates.
You know, they need to just take up mandates.
They need to stop mandates on everything and then give people informed consent.
I'm not going to say if you want to inject poison into your child, I'm going to be yelling at your head, but at least know that you want to inject the poison.
Know that it's poison and then inject it.
So I'm declared by what Dr. Idi is talking about and we need to get that as much as possible to many parents.
One of the things that we, one of the things that I've been doing, if you go to my website, one of the things that I've been doing in the past five years is that when they say something like, okay, Montypox is coming.
So I go and start looking for studies and things that can help to deal with Montypox.
Then I find like with Montypox, I found Selesenia Popira, which is an old Indian remedy, and they will make a supplement out of it.
You know, one of the biggest things that I have seen help children, especially running noise, people who are raised.
It's something we put together called COVID-19 spread.
It has quesiton.
It has anesthetics, which is very long protective.
It's a spray that you put in the mouth.
It has leucorice.
Leucorice is what we have in Los Angeles.
It has NIM.
NIM is like an anti-allergy.
You know what I'm saying?
It helps you to deal with like regular allergies.
And it has things like
Black seed, it has elderberry.
So we put this thing together.
It's a spray.
We practically have since children that have like just stopping us, running us, and then they spray it.
And within a day or two, they feel better because their lungs open.
This thing helps to deal with some of the stuff that they're dealing with.
Then if they develop pneumonia, of course, I would recommend antibiotics.
You know what I'm saying?
But there are many other things that we can do.
Like I said, all these RNA viruses
Zinc can help.
But most people, most people in the population is almost, about half of the population is zinc deficient.
Why?
Because zinc needs an ionophore to enter into our system.
And our food supply is horrible, you know what I'm saying?
So taking things like elderberry, quacetin, even hydroxychloroquine and ivermectin, one of the ways that they act is by being a zinc ionophore, opening zinc channels for the zinc you take on a daily basis.
Most of these RNA viruses, you will be able to overcome, you'll be able to build solid immunity.
So if you get exposed to measles and you have a solid vitamin A, you have vitamin D, you have zinc, you're taking elderberry, of course it is.
Basically you will end up with maybe just a mild one in us and then you will develop life-long immunity.
So it creates a situation where our body is built enough to fight disease and develop life-long immunity instead of taking MMR1, MMR2, MMR4, and then bootstrap, you know what I'm saying?
I would tell people that parents wake up doctors.
I really believe that they need to go back to training.
Doctors need to be trained in naturopathic medicine.
I mean, I've had to do this on my own.
I've had to learn this on my own.
After I dealt with COVID and saw all the things that have been going on, I had to learn about naturopathic medicine and building natural immunity on my own.
That is something that should be incorporated in medical science.
If I had the opportunity to talk to RFK, that's one of the things that I'll tell you that we need to incorporate nutrition and naturopathic medicine back into medical training so that doctors are not just treating disease.
They come to a place where they have evolved, like me, they are the streaking disease, but also bringing people to know.
I see Dr. Il is smiling because I'm sure five years ago I would have thought you were a cook.
You cannot believe that an MD is talking this way.
I have grown, I have evolved, and I have seen this work.
Our patients that have been on like COVID-19, COVID-19, over the past few years, they don't even get sick.
Even if it's flu, RSV, these are things that I just realized, whoa, we could have built immunity and just prevent infection.
But what will happen if they do all that?
Then big pharma cannot sell medicine.
Hospitals cannot make money locking you up in the hospital for five days, giving and billing hundreds of thousands of dollars.
So something need to shift, I'm telling you.

[SPEAKER_03]
Meanwhile, today, David Weldon, his nomination got pulled right on the vote.
I didn't hear that.

[SPEAKER_06]
Did Marty get confirmed today?
Both Bonacaria and Marty were passed the initial committee.

[SPEAKER_05]
Okay, so now the clock has started as far as the...
If you go, Steven, read the actual authority of the Health and Human Services Secretary, which is under, Asper has a really good rundown on all of the authority.
The key person we needed was the confirmation of the FDA head, which is Marty.
So now with that in, the clock, now RFK Jr. does have really no obstacles that I can see in the law to prevent him from suspending the mRNA shots based upon the fraudulent data submitted by Pfizer.

[SPEAKER_03]
Wouldn't that be the CDC though?

[SPEAKER_05]
No, no, no, no, no.
That's what's, yeah, you go, goreyasper.gov, ASPR.gov.
I'll see.
Let me pull up a link real quick for you, Livio.
It's a little nebulous.
You got to drill down into the actual act to get to it.
But the key stumbling block could have been a FDA head that didn't agree with the Health and Human Services Secretary.
But now that he's got Marty there,
As long as they're in lockstep, he can now go in with a signature and be like, yeah, we're revoking the authority of the approval.
It's a conditional approval anyway on the completion of several clinical trials, but he can now pull it on just the basis of what Naomi Wolf's team has found, which is significant fraud in the submission and say, hey, we can pull it now and say you can resubmit, but you're gonna have to hit these milestones, hit these notes to be able to resubmit.

[SPEAKER_03]
Great.
Thanks for clarifying that.
That gives us a little more hope with today's decision to drop Weldon.

[SPEAKER_05]
Did they say why they were dropping Weldon?

[SPEAKER_03]
I just read a lot that he's got this anti-vaccine history.

[SPEAKER_06]
Oh, God, he would have been perfect in there.
Yeah.
No kidding.
He'd be the perfect guy.
They should be so awesome.
Yeah, man.

[SPEAKER_03]
He didn't secure enough votes, apparently, but that shouldn't have been enough to just pull him before the actual vote.

[SPEAKER_06]
I mean, can you imagine a doctor who realizes that vaccines are not safe being head of the FDA?
I mean,

[SPEAKER_03]
I just reading in the comments that Marty is not there yet.
He has to be voted on by the U.S. Senate.
So he's not right yet.
Yeah.
No, no, no.

[SPEAKER_06]
You just they're just they just passed the committee.
Right.
So there's still a couple of steps to go.

[SPEAKER_05]
But he did.
But he got past the committee.
I thought his vote was today, Steve.
Yeah, I don't, I thought it was just I've been off of X all day working teaching all day so I just put that I put that thing on on Asper and that's a starting point to understand what the legal authority of the Health and Human Services Secretary is.
But the thing that's so interesting about it, Steve, is I'm reading through this right now.
I'm not done with my research on it, but I'm reading through it right now.
And there were a lot of rules that were put in place in 2019 and a couple years before to give the Health and Human Service Secretary the ability to really subvert it, to go around certain federal laws like the Paperwork Reduction Act and certain things like that.
which was a prep move for to give Gottlieb and then Bracera, you know, carte blanche kind of authority to keep extending the public emergency.
Yep.
So I'm of the argument of, okay, well, they're still there.
Let's use those for good, and then we'll club them together.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, instead of evil.

[SPEAKER_05]
Right, we'll use them for good, then club the hell out of them, and after we've gotten to where we want, make sure that they can't reuse it to put us back in a slave state.
But yeah, that sucks about Weldon.
That sucks here, and I didn't hear that.
That was the first time I heard that today.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, a little setback.

[SPEAKER_05]
a little bit.
Well, they can always nominate me.
I can get not confirmed.
They put me and Dr. Stella up to the other.
Just keep throwing anti-vaxxer after anti-vaxxer up there.

[SPEAKER_06]
You know, one of us will get through.

[SPEAKER_19]
they don't want like you know somebody asked me whether you know I was gonna you know work serve in the administration or work I said you know they know those that have stood up and fought for this nation and if they want they can come get us but if they don't come I'm not I'm not gonna go out there to go hustle you know I'm saying they know and if RFK knows you know
If he wants a good team, he should put together a good team of people that have been standing, that will probably stand.
But right now, I don't know, there's a lot of...
politics in everything, you know.

[SPEAKER_05]
There's so much drama, it's ridiculous.

[SPEAKER_19]
We have to be picking up and believing that, you know, thank God that many people have woken up.
You know, they can't just mandate anything right now.
And people are just, people are not blind anymore.
So we thank God that, you know, I always say that in 2020, when I stood in front of the Supreme Court, something happened, it was a watershed moment, and nobody has been able to put humanity back into that cage.
And a lot of us have woken up and
We are not going to, you know, people will not comply.
So we thank God.
So even with the fear mongering that they are using right now, like Tuberculosis, oh, I was going to say something about Tuberculosis.
Tuberculosis has always been in America.
And Wolfson working here many times exchange in these four communities in Louisiana.
I treated a lot of TB patients here.
So tuberculosis has been around.
It's not really that major.
It is treatable.
It needs to be treated early.
That is the main thing with tuberculosis.
It's treatable.
It's a bacteria.
It's not a virus.
It's treated with long-term antibiotics, like they say.
So we need to, I think that too comes from the open border, the southern border being thrown open.
Usually I came from Cameroon and they had to vet you even tough wise for you to get your papers in this country.
But when we're having a bunch of people coming through the southern border that are not better, you know, it ends up bringing diseases, increasing diseases that we usually will not have.
And of course, the other thing, the other reason I think that tuberculosis is increasing too, it's actually, it's because of COVID, the vaccination and immunity, people's immunity being low, you know, because most people that have good immunity will probably resist tuberculosis, but because the immunity is now.
A lot of diseases, a lot of strange diseases that some of the outbreaks that we're having is not really about the people is just because immunity, our immunity of the country with the COVID vaccination and the shedding has actually been, you know, brought down some and the food supply to being corrupted a lot.
So all that also increases the appearance of strange diseases.
The COVID vaccination campaign itself
would open up for appearance of a lot of strange diseases.
We're not even talking about cancers and blood disorders and everything, but infections too.
So that should be something that we should study and take responsibility.
Of course, I know they're not going to take responsibility for it, but the community, we need to keep letting people know that some of these things that are happening is from the results of the COVID vaccination.
And we have not been able to totally
severe ramifications of what that vaccination campaign did to humanity.

[SPEAKER_05]
I agree with you.
They did a great job of injecting the population with something that was going to crush the immune system.
What are you going to see, especially in a poorly nourished country, and especially in a country that's not only poorly nourished, but has a lot of chemicals and toxins building up in their bodies.
You're creating the
the runway for disease to reemerge, right?
Number one.
And that's their whole profit model.
I wanted to just take a go off topic a little bit here and just say, everybody, I don't know if you've seen that Breanne Dressen has been struggling a little bit the last couple of days and everything.
I know it would mean a lot to her and everybody in the recovering community.
If you can go and give her some love on social media on X and everything and let her know that you're behind her and everything, it would mean a world tour.
So just reach out and send her a little love on X.
It would be pretty awesome to get that from everybody.

[SPEAKER_03]
Thank you for that.
And I believe she will be at the screening.
She, she's there on Saturday.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
Ernest just hit me up too.
Ernest is already out there right now too.
So, um, you know, Steve, thanks for putting all that stuff together, really being the, the driving force between make behind making sure all that happened for everybody.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, and while I have you on the screen here, Dr. Ealy, I want to put this back up and announce that
You have an incredible opportunity for our listeners today, and thanks to Dr. Ealy, he is generously offering three of our listeners a free subscription to vaccine education for Mama Bears.
This amazing program includes 20 plus jam-packed video presentations with Dr. Ealy and Brittany Cara, along with an extensive research library filled with years of experience and clinical research in the field.
The first three listeners who type free in the chat will receive their free subscription tomorrow.
And if you're not one of the first three, don't worry, you can still get $50 off by using the promo code VSRF50 when you sign up.
Thank you, Dr. Ely.
That is so kind of you.
The link is in the chat and the first three, Janet will get your information.

[SPEAKER_05]
And for anybody who doesn't win, it's that VSRF 50 will get $50 off.
And Steve, we're going to be making a donation.
I'll work with your team.
We'll be making a donation back into React 19 or wherever you feel like it needs to go so we can make sure we're doing some revenue sharing on that.
We want to get this course out to mama bears all over the country.
We do use and we're big fans of Dr. Paul Thomas.
So we do have and talk about his book a lot in that one as well, Vax Facts.
We also big fans of Dr. Suzanne Humphries with dissolving illusions and a few other authors as well.
But yeah, that's the book right there, folks.
It is, it is a definite book that you need in your library.
If you're going to have an intelligent conversation about vaccines and why we're doing, why you're making a choice to say no to them for your children.
I mean, it's, it's pretty definitive right there.
That's why they've gone after Dr. Paul Thomas so hard because he's the one telling the most truth.

[SPEAKER_03]
Steve, pop that book back up there.
I want to put you on full frame so people can see Vax Vax.
There it is.
Dr. Paul Thomas.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yep.
Wonderful book.
Absolutely an easy read.
That's what I loved about that book, Steve.
You know, you get into it.
It's not this dense scientific thing trying to make an argument.
It's actually just written from a one dad to a mom, really.
And then Didi Hoover, his wife did a beautiful job in it as well.
And, you know, I mean, it's so nice to just see so many good people all around the country doing good things and
You know, after all the crazy stuff we went through, right?
Dr. Stella, we're still here.
Still standing, right Steve?
We're still here.
Still here.

[SPEAKER_03]
Still here.
So, Livia, can we cut to questions?
Yeah, I also just want to make one more announcement for Dr. Stella.
I'm going to put this on the screen and don't forget the Dr. Stella raffle win a year supply of Dr. Stella's Covey vits.
Covey bites.
I got to say it the right way, Dr. Stella.
My apologies.
Covey bites.

[SPEAKER_19]
Exactly.
And if you go to our website, DrStellaMD.com, if you use promo code VBSArea, you can actually get a discount on all of them.
We have gummies right now for children that has vitamin C, D, zinc, and elderberry.
we have like the, I always tell people, so one of the things that everybody should have in their pocket is a COVID spray that has, you know, the name has an asset assisting, quesitine, everything.
Have it in your, when you're going around and you just feel that itch, you just spray it, you know, and you can use it for your children as young as one and to any age, you know.
So one of, I tell people, go on our website, one of the things for the past five years, that is why I had a,
I had, they did an article on me that I was the highest discoverer of hydroxychlorine and ivermectin.
I still tell people right now, ivermectin and hydroxychlorine, they are powerful antivirals and everybody needs to have it in their medicine cabinet because we're still in a position where, thank God that many states right now, some states right now are trying to get it over the counter.
But we are still in a position where most states, you cannot even get it.
Pharmacists will not fit it.
So if you go on our website in all 50 states, you can do a telemedicine appointment, get it in your medicine cabinet.
They are still COVID around.
But flu is around.
Hydroxycopene works for that.
And then, of course, get vitamins and immune supplements to build your immunity for your family, so that that way you're not waiting until something crazy happens, and then you want to go get some shots because you're scared.
The best thing, the best way to fight this battle is to be prepared ahead of time and to grow your immunity.
So you can get that done on Dr. StellaMD.com.
And if you use the promo code,

[SPEAKER_03]
Yes, and we've got our
Raffle going on right now, which would also include a copy of her must read book, let America live.
The raffle runs until March 27th with updates every week on VSRF live, get a ticket for yourself and a friend.
This could be a gift that opens our eyes.
Visit give butter.com backslash dr Stella to buy your raffle tickets now.
So.
Good, there it is.
Let me see what we got.
I'm not seeing too many questions tonight.
This is like a first.
Janet, do I have that right?
Do I not have a ton of questions from the audience?

[SPEAKER_15]
No, you have a bunch.

[SPEAKER_03]
Oh, because I was going to say, Dr. Stella, we questioned.
We answered everything.
We're good.
Where are the questions?
If you could put that link for me in the chat, then I can find because the document I'm seeing is not filled up.
But here we go.
Thank you.
Okay.
Yes, I do have questions.
I was looking at the wrong document.
So let's start here.
with O.J.
the new now.
Could I ask the panel how they would feel about the COVID and potentially avian flu vaccines by Novavax for anybody who is mandated and knows about mRNA?
I can answer mine fast.

[SPEAKER_19]
No.

[SPEAKER_05]
Nope.
Not a chance.

[SPEAKER_19]
Yeah, I tell people that when this thing comes to this mRNA vaccine, we're not just dealing with medicine.
I still believe that there's a spiritual component to it.
And you have to get to a stage in your life that you realize that this is the end times, and you're going to have to stand for something and lose something.
We're putting together a book, Dr. Iliam, I talked to you about it, called The Price We Paid.
In this season, you're going to pay prices.
So people lost jobs.
People lost their lives.
People lost their licenses because they stood.
You know something?
So if you don't stand for something, you will fall for anything.
So if they mandated people and everybody, if they came to a hospital and mandated vaccine and everybody decided, no, we're not taking it, they can't shut down that hospital.
In fact, during COVID, after they did mandates and the nurses decided that they were going to quit, they started hiring nurses and begging them to come to work without even giving them mandates.
So you have to get to a place where you have to be prepared
to pay the price for your health and for your family.
There is nothing, no situation in life that I would take a mRNA vaccine or advise anybody to

[SPEAKER_05]
I'm right there with Dr. Stella, Steve.
Anybody that's telling me that I gotta take that to do anything, then I'm not gonna do that thing, and I'm gonna fight if I really want to to be involved.
But I get upset when people are telling me that I'm a taxpayer, I'm a law-abiding citizen, I'm supposed to have my own freedom of choice over my body, and that I have to do something from one of these damn big, karma companies in order to access my right within this country.
So I'm gonna tell everybody the same thing.
No, you just have to dig in and say no and if we just stay together then They aren't gonna have an ability to force anything on us But for me if somebody were to like come and try to hold I mean to me I'm like you're trying to kill me at that point I have a right to defend myself.
That's my attitude about it.

[SPEAKER_19]
Yeah Right

[SPEAKER_03]
My body, my choice.
That's right.
That's what that's what they said.
Question from Genie.
What role, if any, do compromised immune systems coming out of either repeated COVID infection or COVID-19 vaccination play into the rise in these infections?

[SPEAKER_19]
Exactly.
That's what I said earlier.
I think I already answered that question.
That because of the nation, a lot of people are sick.
So that's why a lot of these infections are coming.
And that is why everybody has to take a responsibility to improve your immunity.
Most people that are back because, you know, we saw a lot of COVID patients that are vaccinated.
At some point, we're having more vaccinated patients being sick of COVID than even non-vaccinated patients.
So I tell people, one of the big things that we've done is, like I said, build your immunity.
Vitamin C, zinc and phosphatine can practically build you.
I mean, if you could be vital, we're promoting, we're giving out as polyrathal, that can practically build your immunity against all these RNA viruses.
And then we advise everybody to keep hydroxycopene after making your medicine cabinet at the first sign of any of those codes and everything, take a dose.
And usually you can do well.
I grew up in a place where malaria was endemic.
And we got used to taking chloroquine, like Sunday-Sunday medicine, to peel your amnesia against malaria.
So right now, for years, we've had people that are taking Sunday-Sunday medicine that have stayed healthy.
And now that it's less acute, I would advise people to take these vitamins, the vitamin C, zinc, and quesitin, take it daily to keep your immunity, build up on some of the things that vitamin A and stuff, build your immunity, eat right.
And then if you get sick, make sure that your medicine company has the medicine, that you can just take it if you get sick.
So that is what we advise people on our website for to do.
But no vaccines.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, I would just tell people, Livio, come study with me at the Energetic Health Institute.
I mean, if you're going to be free in this day and age, you have to be healthy, which means you have to know how to take care of this amazing gift that God has given you.
And it's not that complex, but you do need to go and study and learn how to do it.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, the right, the correct education is very important.
Question from disillusionist.
This is for both of you.
Do you think the measles virus has been made more dangerous by bio warfare?
Some doctors say the virus is more deadly than it was before.

[SPEAKER_19]
No, it's not.
One person died, one person, one child died, which from what we're seeing is from aresia pneumonia anyway.
No, it's not.

[SPEAKER_03]
And listening to Dr. Eley, it almost sounds like a hospital protocol thing.

[SPEAKER_05]
It could be Livio.
It certainly could be that.
And I think there's a lot of speculation we can get into about things.
And I don't like to speculate.
I like to speak on what I can prove.
So I think for us, what we can prove is the absolute necessity of having a clean internal environment.
What we can prove is the absolute necessity of having a well-nourished immune system.
And what we can prove is what it takes to nourish your immune system.
And it's gonna sound like a broken record at a certain point, but thank God it can sound like a broken record because that means you've heard it so many times that the last component of that is you doing it.
What I tell folks all the time, the nutrients do no good in the bottle.
you have to put them into your body, you have to make this a part of your lifestyle, and that means you have to learn how to do it, and it's better to learn how to do it in an environment where somebody and people around you are loving you and proving that this is the way anyway.
All right, I'm north of 50 right now, I'm on exactly zero.
I'm on it.
I've had exactly zero surgeries.
I work 18 hours a day, pretty much seven days a week.
I'm living proof that the medicine God intended for us is what we're supposed to be using.

[SPEAKER_19]
Yeah.
I'm about to turn 60.
No medicines.

[SPEAKER_05]
Right.
There we go.
Right.
I mean, that's the proof, y'all.
It's just simple.

[SPEAKER_06]
Right, but there is evidence that I am aware of suggesting that this is not the regular measles virus that we may be up against.

[SPEAKER_05]
It very well may not be, Steve, and I agree with you.
I mean, we were the first group, you know, Dr.
Artist, Dr. Group, Dr. Schmidt, myself, and Healing for the Ages.
We were the first group to come out and start talking about bio weapons.
So yeah, I mean, it's all bio weapons when you get down to it.
Anything that is injected into the body that does not definitively improve cellular function can be classified as a bio weapon, particularly if the result of the injection results in some disease formation.
Okay, I mean, so by that definition, every shot is a bio weapon and has been a bio weapon ever since its inception.
All right, if you really want to go there with it, but are they going to get better, Steve, at building those bio weapons?
Yes.
So what do we have to do?
Gain-of-function research has to be terminated.
I mean, I can't believe that this is even a conversation.
The challenge that we have against that now, Steve, though, is that there are 521 schools, last time I checked early last year,
521 schools around the world offering degrees in what are called the life sciences.
And the life sciences are essentially studying how to weaponize life itself against us.
What you have to understand about bioengineering is you have to understand the energy of the word.
Bio means body or us, and engineering means war engine.
So when they talk about bioengineering, they're talking about taking life and turning it into a weapon, a war engine.
When they're talking about geoengineering, they're talking about turning Earth into a weapon.
So they're not lying to you.
They're just not telling you all of the truth.
And you have to be discerning enough to figure out what's going on and make your choices appropriately.

[SPEAKER_19]
Yes, Dr. Yeah, you're so right.
And Steve, I am very sure that they probably went working as the MMR, the measles.
But that is one thing we know right now is that it is not dead like that, because we call it that one death.
And people should not be scared of it.
But I will reiterate this over and over.
And that's the same thing that Henry is saying.
And the same thing we're saying over and over is that we are at a time when humanity is being attacked.
They are using science and technology to attack humanity.
And the only way that we can survive this attack, sometimes I tell people there's no point for you to fight and then you can't breathe because you're fighting a bio weapon and you're not building your immunity or you're not having your medicine cabinet stuck up in a way that you can survive these bio weapons.
So you don't get prepared.
You don't buy an umbrella when it's raining.
You buy an umbrella and stock it up.
So I'm a very, I'm a great proponent of, you know, get, you know, prepared stock up foods that learning to farm.
Like right now we're doing our own farming.
We have our own cows in the back and oh my, one of my cows just get but twins today.
We have cows that are totally grass fed.
We don't inject them with everything.
We have chicken that are totally, you know, they roam around, you know something.
We don't inject them with everything.
And they were trying to start working,
growing our own food and then you're stocking up food, learning to grow your own food, learning to do things that would make you less dependent on
on big farmer left, depending on some of the geo engineered food, because the attack is in all directions.
Even you go back to Africa right now, most lands have been messed up with fertilizers from people like Monsanto and everything, such that the GMO seats have been injected in our local seats, such that you cannot even produce good food.
So it is time for us to get back to the mentality of we are in a war.
where not the Third World War has started and Third World War is not being fought with guns, is being fought in the laboratories, is being fought with geoengineering and all kinds of things that are happening.
So we have to decide as humanity to, like I said, build a good immune system.
We cannot say that too much.
I can say that 500 times.
I can say that one million times.
Yet build your immune system.
Eat healthier.
Exercise.
Learn to grow your own food.
Do things that
You survive.
You know what I'm saying?
I will tell people that right now, make sure you have a small solar generator in your house that you can survive.
Those things are not that expensive right now.
If the grid goes down, you can survive.
So right now, everybody has to have that mindset of being a prepper.
Everybody has to have the mindset of being ready.
And that readiness mindset will give us a greater ability to push back on everything that is being pushed on us.
And the greatest thing that you can have right now is education.
That is why I'm going to take whatever it is that Dr. Ili is saying and really start, you know, you know, getting people to get it, you know, teach people, read these books, read the information, share what we're saying so that other people can be educated because an educated population is not scared and a scared population cannot be manipulated.
You know what I'm saying?
So that is what we're saying right now.
Be prepared for you and your family and please, we cannot say that too much.

[SPEAKER_03]
Wow.
Well, on that note, that's fantastic advice.
And, um, I want to thank you both for coming on tonight and sharing so much valuable information and, and solutions, what we can do ourselves in our own lives.
Fantastic.

[SPEAKER_05]
And, hey, you know, Livio, thank you for all the work you're doing to keep everything organized and all the support team behind the scenes and everything.
Dr. Stella, thank you for being an inspiration to so many.
And Steve, thank you for just being relentless and backing so many people and so many things.
I mean, it takes a village.
And fortunately, we didn't have one in 2020, but we have one now.
And I think that makes us a lot more resilient moving into the future.

[SPEAKER_19]
And I think you should follow us on X, because at least there we can talk now.
So Dr. Ely follows T, follow us on X, because we're always exposing stuff and getting right ahead of things that are happening.
you know, follow us, make sure that, you know, my ex is Stella Ondas for Emmanuel, you know, what's yours Henry?

[SPEAKER_05]
Uh, D, uh, DR Henry Ely, you know, we're just, just follow, follow the profanity trail.
You'll find me, you know.

[SPEAKER_03]
Definitely.
Steve, any, any final questions or thoughts for Dr. Ely or Dr. Manuel?

[SPEAKER_06]
You know, we talked to Mickey before the show, and there's going to be more to come on this.
What's going on in Texas?
Yeah, he's heading down to the source right now.

[SPEAKER_19]
Yes.
Keep me informed.
I'm going to connect with Mickey.
No, Mickey lives here in Texas.

[SPEAKER_06]
Busy guy.
He's going to be going down to Texas, and then he's going to go fly to Los Angeles.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_19]
Who's going to Texas?
Mickey lives in Texas.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, he's in Texas.

[SPEAKER_03]
We will keep tracking that story here at VSRF live and follow up in the next week or two, because I think it's going to be evolving pretty quickly.

[SPEAKER_19]
Yes.
I think it's fine, but we didn't fall for it.
They want to do measles.

[SPEAKER_05]
Somebody's lying and it ain't us.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, thank you both again, and we look forward to having you back on again later in 2025.
Yes.
Yes, be prepared.
And everyone else, hang in there.
I got a few announcements to finish up with, and you're not going to want to miss my closing video tonight.
We're going to go back to Rahide, the TV series, Early Propaganda on Vaccination.
So stay tuned till the very end.
Steve, informative and fantastic show tonight.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
I'm looking forward to the truth getting out about this measles case because people are just not informed, not being accurately informed as we learned here today.

[SPEAKER_03]
No, not at all.
There's just so much misinformation.
Is that the right word out there about what's going on?

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, we need to put a stop to all this misinformation.

[SPEAKER_03]
Get them to stop spreading.
Yeah, they just need to stop talking.
I want to take a moment to remind you that VSRF is a 501C3 non-profit organization and everything we do from hosting weekly webinars and producing educational content to providing a platform for truth depends entirely on your generous support.
And I want to highlight tonight's donor spotlight is from Kay in Wyoming.
And Kay writes, thank you for continuing to step up and create these fabulous interviews and for helping the vaccine damage folks.
I am a regular on Thursday nights.
You are true patriots.
Thank you, Kay.
We appreciate your kind words and generosity.
Thank you.
And also, we have been fighting an uphill battle against censorship, corruption, and a system that too often ignores those who are suffering.
Steve, I posted this, follow the silence on my Facebook page, and it's just crickets.
I'm pretty sure no one's getting it.
So even that, I mean, we're still getting censored all over the place.
But we refuse to be silenced.
We are here to amplify the voices of the vaccine injured, challenge the narrative, and push for real medical transparency.
And if you believe in this mission, if you believe in the right to inform consent, medical freedom, and ethical unbiased science, I ask you to stand with us today.
Every donation, no matter the size, fuels our work and keeps this movement alive.
Please visit vsrf.org backslash donate to contribute or text 53-555.
Together, we can make the real difference.
Thank you for your support.
I got another thing I want to announce.
The AIMA, the Independent Medical Alliance, formerly known as the FLCCC, they're having their conference April 4th through 6th down in Atlanta.
You see it on the screen.
And they've got a lot of great speakers, including the great Dr. Paul Merrick and Dr. Ryan Cole and Dr. Mary Talley Bowden and Robert Malone, Kat Linley, Joseph Rowan and others.
This year events marks a pivotal moment for the future of healthcare, bringing together some of the most respected voices in medicine to redefine what honest medicine truly means.
Be a three days of inspiring conversations and valuable networking and action driven solutions that are set to transform health care.
Be part of the movement register now and help shape the future of medicine Janet will put the link in the chat.

[SPEAKER_06]
If you feel compelled or if you're near the Atlanta area, that would be a good one and honest medicine sounds like an oxymoron would be.

[SPEAKER_03]
does it really exist?
But they're trying to make it happen, I guess, right?
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_06]
So yeah, a lot of actually, you know, the one of the few times it's actually true for that conference.

[SPEAKER_03]
Exactly.
Yeah, go down and mingle with so many fantastic heroes in the movement.
And then next week,
We're going to have an insightful discussion on autism and childhood vaccines.
We'll be diving deep into the latest research, personal stories, and exploring the connection between vaccines and autism.
Don't miss out on this important conversation as we continue to uncover the truth and amplify voices that need to be heard.
We're still sorting out who are many of our guests are going to be that night.
And then finally, Steve, a while ago, I came across this episode from 1960, the show Raw Hide.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, it probably wasn't VSRF because we hadn't started back then.

[SPEAKER_03]
No, but did you watch the show Raw Hide?

[SPEAKER_06]
I did.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, I'm not sure if you'll remember this episode, but we leave years old at the time.
Yeah.
Well, Hollywood has been pushing vaccine propaganda for a long time since you were four years old, Steve.
And this clip serves as a stark reminder of just how deeply it has been ingrained in our culture.
And we'll be pushing for our truth.
And notice that Clint Eastwood's actually in this clip.
He was in a raw hide.
So Steve, I'm going to see you Saturday.
All right.
In person.
I'll see you in person.
See me live.
And anyone else out there who's coming to the Santa Monica Film Festival world premiere, follow the silence.
Please come say hello and we will see you there.
Have a great rest of your evening, everyone, and a great evening.
And I'm going to close out with this video.
Have a good night, Steve.
See you Saturday.

[SPEAKER_06]
See you Saturday.
Love you.

[SPEAKER_13]
This here's my boss, Mr. Fever.
Rowdy Yates.
This here's the doctor.

[SPEAKER_14]
Solomon Flood.

[SPEAKER_13]
Let me see your hands.
How do you feel?

[SPEAKER_14]
Pretty good.
Any chills, Fever?
No, not yet.
And you?

[SPEAKER_13]
No, no.
Let me see your hand.
When were you exposed?

[SPEAKER_14]
About the sun up yesterday.

[SPEAKER_13]
Well, it's hard to tell about this until two or three days have passed.
It looks to me like you two may have missed it.

[SPEAKER_14]
Wait, doesn't it seem like kind of a waste of good whiskey?
Ha-ha.
Germ killer.

[SPEAKER_20]
Whiskey?

[SPEAKER_14]
Whiskey.
I'll say, Doctor, this vaccination Lou keeps talking about.
Does it really prevent the smallpox?
Where did you hear about vaccination?
Well, I got one here.

[SPEAKER_13]
Who did it?

[SPEAKER_19]
Dr. Boston.
Neema Parker.

[SPEAKER_13]
There are very few people around here that believe in vaccination.
You believe in it?
Like it was gospel.
All right, we'll take a shot, Eddie.
What's the matter?
Did you ever spend any time in drought country?
No, once, twice.
How did you feel when the first rains came?
A bit crazy, like nothing was quite real.
That's just the way I feel right now.
After fighting and getting no place, you come along with an open mind and willing to take a chance and I can't help you.
It's raining for me, all right, and all I have here are my fingers to catch it in.
Are you trying to say you don't have any of this stuff?

[SPEAKER_14]
Not a drop.
Look, I got 20 men pushing a herd north.
How wide of birth we have to give this town to be safe?
Well, it's hard to tell.

[SPEAKER_13]
It may have confined itself just to the town, or it may have spread 10, 20 miles in every direction.
I just don't know.
What do you know, Doc?
Well, two or three days ago, I heard a rumor.
The Army's afraid of a widespread epidemic.
So they're supposed to be sending a shipment of this vaccine to Fort Jackman.

[SPEAKER_14]
The Army believes this new stuff will work?

[SPEAKER_13]
Well, they seem to believe in it enough to try it.
Now, if you could pick up this patrol, they'd probably give you enough vaccine for all your men.
And for anybody else, I might be able to talk into taking it.

[SPEAKER_14]
Would we be up to run into this patrol?

[SPEAKER_13]
Are you familiar with this country?

[SPEAKER_14]
No.
Blue here is.

[SPEAKER_13]
I sure am.

[SPEAKER_14]
Well, here.

[SPEAKER_13]
Now, you ride due east of the mountains.
The Jackman Trail runs north and south along the foothills.
Now, it's doubtful that this patrol has gotten this far north.
So you ride south.
Well, thanks, Doc.

[SPEAKER_08]
We'll find it.

[SPEAKER_13]
Well, I was sort of hoping that you'd stay.
Me?
Why?
Well, I'd like to show you off to the town, make them believe that this vaccination works.
Well, the truth is I already showed off a little bit.
It wasn't what you'd call a real big success.
Well, Mr.
Powers, one of the first things I learned as a doctor was that nothing in medicine at first is a big success.
Just because the pupils learn slowly is no reason for the teacher to run off and quit.
All right, Doc.
Let you and me start teaching.

[SPEAKER_14]
Look over there.
Oh, yes.
Didn't take you long to get here.
What's going on?
Well, read the sign.
Red River Station getting itself vaccinated.
Where'd they get the vaccine?
Dr.
Flood made up a homemade batch.
These people believe in this?
They believe in trying to stay alive.
Well, you are looking for someone.
I am.
I'm looking for a man who held up an army detail.
You see him?

[SPEAKER_11]
You see the man we want, Sergeant?
All I saw looked in it.
A lot of fresh graze as we rode in.
That's not what I asked you.
Do you see the man we want?

[SPEAKER_06]
No, sir.

[SPEAKER_11]
Neither do I. Oh, uh...
If you run into him...
It's your duty as a citizen to report his whereabouts to the army.
Right, Lieutenant.
And if I ever catch up with him, I'll throw a military court at him so fast, he won't know what hit him.
Well, I'll remember that, Lieutenant.

[UNKNOWN]
Hi, Mr. Faber.
Hi, Raymond.
Wow.
