[SPEAKER_08]
Friday.
I'll be turned around And I'll keep this world from dragging me down Gonna stand my ground And I won't back down Hey baby
In a world that keeps on pushing me around but I'll stand my ground
We'll stand back

[SPEAKER_03]
Tonight on VSRF Live, grassroots leaders are rising up, bringing landmark legal victories and strategic blueprints for change.
We'll spotlight the recent major win in Idaho, where freedom fighters successfully challenged oppressive mandates.

[SPEAKER_02]
It ensures that almost no one in the state of Idaho can be excluded from normal life or coerced into taking any kind of a medical intervention against their will or their conscience.
The governor signed the best bill that we could have hoped for, which said that healthy people cannot be excluded on the basis of their vaccination status from anywhere.
And it also says that this code cannot be contradicted by any other code.
So we have a fantastic bill that protects our most fundamental and basic God-given human rights.
It is truly revolutionary.
I don't think it should be.
I think it's common sense that each and every one of us should be responsible for our lives.
and that only each and every one of us knows what's best for each of us, that no one else has to live with the consequences of our choices, and therefore no one else should be dictating them.
But it's kind of amazing that this is the first state to do it.

[SPEAKER_03]
Hello and welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm your host, Livio Sanchez, and I'm thrilled to be with you tonight.
We've got a powerful show lined up.
And honestly, it's one of those episodes that gives you real hope.
Because right now across the country, we're seeing people stand up, organize, and actually win cases.
against these medical mandates.
Tonight, we'll be discussing what just happened in Idaho, a major victory where grassroots leaders and medical freedom advocates came together and pushed back hard and won.
This is a blueprint, a strategy, and it's working.
We'll be joined by three of the powerhouse women behind that effort.
Leslie Mnuchin, the founder of the Health Freedom Defense Fund, Sarah Clendenin,
co-director of Health Freedom Idaho, sorry Sarah for chopping that up, and Misty Carfeldt, co-director and founder of Health Freedom Idaho.
They're going to walk us through exactly how they turned the tide in Idaho and what that wind could mean for the rest of the country.
We'll also be talking with two incredible health freedom warriors from other states who are now looking to bring this fight home.
From Texas, Dr. Kat Lindley, a family physician, background in both clinical medicine and international health policy.
And from South Carolina, Dr. Andrea Nazarenko, a data-driven activist who's really helping build momentum on the ground.
These women are all part of a growing movement.
One that's saying enough is enough.
It's time to reclaim our rights and hold the line on health freedom, community by community, state by state.
So stick with us.
This is going to be a really inspiring conversation.
But first, please join me in welcoming the founder of VSRF, Steve Kirsch.
Steve, welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_01]
I'm good.
I had a few technical problems earlier, but seem to have resolved them.

[SPEAKER_03]
Glad you got that taken care of.
I'm really excited about tonight's show because for a change we get to talk about winning something, winning a case, winning a landmark victory in Idaho.
And in commemorating that, we actually augmented our Defeat the Mandates shirt, which is available in our store.
And Janet's going to put it in the chat.
But we changed it to Defeated the Mandates.
So if you want to update.
In one state.
In one state.

[SPEAKER_01]
It counts though.
Yeah, it's only available in Idaho.
For now.
We're going to keep spreading that.
Otherwise, we'll show the Defeat the Mandates.
sell that in other states, but if you're in Idaho, you can get the defeated the mandates, I guess, right?

[SPEAKER_03]
That's right.
That's right.
Well, let's let's go ahead and start.
I'm going to bring on the three women.
I'm going to start one at a time.
We're going to bring on first Leslie Mnuchin.
Leslie, welcome to VSRF live.
How are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_02]
I'm great.
I hope you can hear me.
I've had so many technical difficulties today.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, I share your pain.

[SPEAKER_02]
Literally an internet outage and then my none of my hot spotting would work.
I was supposed to be doing a show this afternoon and I couldn't so the first part of the segment went great and then I had to.
went down, so I'm glad.
I literally ran into my husband's office and set up, so I'm glad it's working.
And I'm so glad to be with you guys, and it still brings tears to my eyes.
It's only a couple weeks since it happened, and I still can't believe it.
I'm still pinching myself on a regular basis.
It's just so exciting.
Like I said in that clip, it should be common sense, I think.
It's amazing to me that we have to argue that our bodies are ours and that we and we alone get to make our medical choices.
But that's the state of affairs in this world we live in.
Everywhere but Idaho.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, well, let me read your bio before I bring in another one of your partners.
Leslie Mnuchin is the founder and president of the Health Freedom Defense Fund, a nonprofit dedicated to defending individual rights and medical freedom.
A former successful Wall Street business executive turned award-winning documentary filmmaker, The Greater Good.
Leslie has become a leading voice in the global health freedom movement with a background in economics and finance and extensive experience in global markets.
She brings strategic insight and fearless advocacy to legal battles, challenging unjust mandates.
Leslie's work has helped secure major legal victories, including the recent landmark win that we just talked about in Idaho, sending a powerful president for health freedom nationwide.
And again, congratulations are in order.
I'm going to bring on our next guest, which is
Hi Misty, Misty Carfeldt.
Welcome to VSRF live.
Thank you for coming on.

[SPEAKER_10]
Hi, thank you so much for having me.
I'm excited to have this discussion.

[SPEAKER_03]
It's so nice to meet you in person, and I'm gonna read your bio real quick before we bring on our third guest.
Misty is the founder and spokesperson for Health Freedom Idaho, a grassroots organization made up of concerned citizens, professionals, and families dedicated to preserving and defending health freedoms in the state of Idaho.
With a strong voice in the National Medical Freedom Movement, Misty has been instrumental in organizing community efforts, influencing policy,
and raising awareness around the importance of informed consent and bodily autonomy.
Through her leadership, Health Freedom Mito has become a powerful force pushing back against government overreach and advocating for individual human rights.
Fantastic.
God, I love this.
And I'm going to now introduce the fifth and final, or the third and final guest here, Sarah Klendenen.
Can I get that correct, Sarah?
I'm so sorry.

[SPEAKER_04]
That was pretty close.
Klendenen.

[SPEAKER_03]
Klendenen.
There we go.
Okay.
Now I got it.
Sarah is the co-director of Health Freedom Idaho and state secretary of the Constitution Party of Idaho with a background in criminal justice and political philosophy.
She's a dedicated advocate for medical freedom and constitutional rights.
Sarah has authored and lobbied for key health freedom bills
With one signed into law and others gaining strong legislative support, a mother of three and real estate professional, Sarah brings a lifelong passion for liberty and civic engagement, continuing a family legacy that traces back to Mayflower signer Stephen Hopkins.
Fantastic it's an honor to have you all here tonight and I'm going to start with one question and then I'll and then I'll leave you with Steve and how did you all meet how did this all form what's what was the beginning of this story.

[SPEAKER_10]
Well, so I was really sick and on my deathbed 10 years ago, and then I met a naturopathic doctor, Dr. Michael Karlfeld, who's now my husband, and they were trying to license him away because he was educated in Sweden.
So I got politically active and just trying to stop this bill that would have criminalized him being a naturopathic doctor just because he wasn't educated in America.
And I just saw that like our efforts weren't really going anywhere.
He had to hire a lobbyist to stop it.
And because I was active at the Capitol during that time, I was meeting Sarah Clendenin and she was active on her own things.
And I met Leslie through Michael, Dr. Carlfeld.
And so we just kind of all got together.
We're like, hey, why don't we start Health Freedom Idaho?
We all have our own lanes and our own passions.
And that way the legislature will hear us collectively because we can represent more people throughout Idaho.

[SPEAKER_03]
Great, great story.
And Sarah, how did you get involved from the get-go as well?
What's your side of the story?

[SPEAKER_04]
So for me, it was a battle I was having with the schools in Idaho and then later a daycare in Idaho over vaccine exemptions.
I was trying to enroll my children exempt from the vaccine requirements.
And Idaho actually has really good vaccine exemption law.
The problem was we have a Department of Health and Welfare that had been writing administrative rules that were outside the statute in Idaho.
trying to enforce a very incriminating state written exemption statement form, which is not what our law says.
And so I was pushing pushing back really hard on the schools, the department, I went all the way up to the governor's office.
And then a few years later, the year that I met Missy and Leslie actually was the year I was battling a daycare on the same issue.
So that was that was my part of it.

[SPEAKER_03]
Excellent.
And then Leslie, I think you're pretty much the ringleader.
Is that accurate to say?

[SPEAKER_02]
I think it's just that I had made, you know, I'd worked on Wall Street and I had seen up front, unfortunately at a front row seat, two CEOs of pharmaceutical companies talking about very cavalierly about how their vaccine or their products would injure people and even kill people.
but they'd still do a lot of, you know, be able to sell billions of dollars of their products.
And that gave me, you know, made me sick to my stomach when I heard about that.
And it was part of the impetus behind me making The Greater Good, you know, the film I made on
vaccines and actually what's funny is that the way that I met Misty initially was that her husband I don't think you guys were married at the time Misty were you but he interviewed me after having after I released the movie for his his show or something and that's how we kind of connected and and also I had been
Before I met Misty and Sarah, I had been going for years and advocating to stop these intrusions into our health freedoms in the state of Idaho because I'd moved home.
I grew up here.
I'd moved home from London where I had lived and worked in finance for years.
And I'd moved home to raise my son, and one of the reasons I came back to Idaho was because we have such a fantastic lot says literally just you have to say, parents simply has to say that my child is exempt for religious or other reasons and sign it and submit that that's it.
So that was very appealing to me because I'm vaccine injured and I didn't want to get any shots and I didn't want my son to get any shots.
And so I came home and then what I started to see was they were trying to they made the immunization registry opt out from opt in.
Then they tried to extend after swine flu.
They tried to extend it to every single adult in the state without the adult's knowledge or consent.
And so I was over in Boise and rallying people around the state, in particular in my area, to go and push back about this stuff.
And we actually defeated several moves by the Department of Health and Welfare.
I remember one senator, Lee Heider, calling me and saying, you know what?
You've won.
I mean, you've won.
I'm just going to put the bill in the drawer, and it's not going to go any further.
And it was the Health Department that had been illegally putting adults' names into the Immunization Registry.
without knowledge or consent for having gotten this wine flu vaccine.
And so I've been doing it for a long time, many years.
And then I met these guys and it's really wonderful because they are, they live a lot closer to Boise than I do.
I'm three hours away.
And these guys, I just have to say, you know, I wrote the Medical Freedom Act that we're going to talk about, but these guys, Misty and Sarah have been
Educating our legislators and at the legislature on a regular basis going in and making sure that our voices are heard, watching what they're doing, showing up into committees to testify for years.
And I think that's one of the reasons why we've had so much success in Idaho.

[SPEAKER_03]
Fantastic, love hearing that story.
I'm going to turn this over to Steve.
I'm just trying to get my next shot going here.
I'm going to turn this over to Steve before I go though.
We will be having a roundtable discussion after we add a little later on Dr. Andrea Nazarenko and hopefully Dr. Kat Lindley will be able to join us as well.
We'll talk about
other states going through the same process.
If you have questions, we will be having our Q&A.
Put your questions in the chat, all caps, and I'll try to ask as many questions.
We'll try to get as many answered.
In the meantime, Steve, take it away.

[SPEAKER_01]
Okay, I have a whole bunch of questions.
I want to just start with just kind of background stuff.
Like, have you guys
individually heard of any vaccine success stories for and we'll start with the covid vaccine and then and just be extend that to any vaccine where you've been like wow you know this vaccine really works i'm gonna vaccinate my kids like are you all uh you know it's it's one thing to be
Freedom of choice, but I just want to get your sense for what you think.
The vaccines success stories are for for the code vaccines.
Are you aware of any success stories at all for the code vaccine?
Like an elderly nursing home rolled out the shots and.
Wow, all of a sudden people, you know, people used to be dying before the shots from COVID and after the shots.
Nobody's dying from COVID.
Everybody's happy like they can't believe how few people have died.
Have you heard any of those stories at all from this vaccine, which according to the experts has saved 20 million lives worldwide.
I just can't find them.
Have you been able to find them?

[SPEAKER_02]
Anybody I think that there are plenty of people who go around saying I mean there's some people who've been boosted six and eight times right and They fully believe that that's what protected them
my local Idaho state senator is a guy named Ron Taylor, and he was an EMT, and he is convinced that the reason he didn't get COVID is because he wore a mask, literally.
So he's fought against all of our efforts to eradicate mask mandates, and we finally did it this year.
So people believe things, and there's no doubt that the mind is very, very powerful.
So maybe they believe it, but I think that
I have not I've yet to hear of a single study where there is, you know, robust evidence that the shots have done anything in a positive way.

[SPEAKER_01]
So, yeah, I'm not asking about their studies that show that.
But the question is, is there is it actually reality?
Right?
You know, the studies will say, well, you know.
Fantastic benefits, but when you say, OK, well, can you give me actually the name of a nursing home where the cases went down or where the deaths went down?
And they said, no, no, no, no, but it's in the studies.
The studies show that if you aggregate them all, there's there's a benefit.
But of course,
there's not a benefit in any one of them.
But when you add them together, there's a benefit in that.
You know, as a mathematician, that doesn't make any sense to me.
So I'm just trying to find out whether you guys have heard any success stories at all for the COVID vaccines.
And then we'll go for the other vaccines.

[SPEAKER_02]
Let me say one of the, I mean, I've never heard of a single one.
I'll let Sarah and Misty say for themselves.
But one thing I will say, which I think refutes that claim is that there were over 12,000
Um, reports of adverse events and deaths to theirs from the state of Idaho alone.
And I think that 1 of the reasons that we want is because people in the legislature.
They have family members and friends who've been injured.
They know and so, I mean.
you wouldn't believe some of the comments made by legislators when I was presenting the bills.
And during questions, they were making statements that, you know, we can't trust the federal government, we can't trust health authorities, we have no faith, we have.
So, I mean, it's not just us.
It's not just the advocates who have this viewpoint.
It's now a very broad swath of the population.
And I think that really contradicts any claims to the contrary.

[SPEAKER_01]
So, and was that the majority of legislators or some of them or, you know, were there some legislators that will say, oh, well, it's, you know, nobody in my circle died or was injured.
And I don't know what you're talking about.
Like, was there some of that in the legislature?

[SPEAKER_02]
Let's put it this way.
The bill went through the Senate 20 to 14, I think, with one absence, and through the House, 47 to 23.
I mean, those are pretty good numbers and there were a few people who are, you know, look, we've been so effectively siloed into our echo chambers.
There are some people, a few, they're very much a minority here in Idaho who actually believe that vaccines do good, but not many people.
I would say, I don't know what you guys think.
Sarah and Misty.

[SPEAKER_01]
Okay, Sarah and Misty, and do you have any have you ever heard of a COVID vaccine success story?

[SPEAKER_10]
Well, I can speak from personal experience.
My beloved grandfather, who I absolutely adored, was a pro-vaxxer for sure.
And he got the COVID vaccine and shortly after he passed away.
And my grandmother, who was also very pro-vaxx,
Said, I will never get another booster again.
I'll never get a booster.
So she even as a diehard vaccinator really her whole life.
She just was like, I see what happened here and I won't do that again.
Unfortunately, that discovery was
too late and cost my grandfather his life and us, our beloved grandfather, but no, I can't say that I've seen success.
And also, I would add that our legislature, I think we got those votes that Leslie was talking about because so many people have been impacted negatively with the COVID vaccine.
And some of them even told that to us personally that, hey, I've been affected by this.
My loved one,
passed away because of a COVID vaccine.
And now I know why it's so important to have medical freedom.
So I actually think that the loss and the harm that that vaccine has caused actually really helped to pass medical freedom back in Idaho.

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, say they won't believe the misinformation spreaders, but they will believe the deaths of their friends.
Unfortunately, how to take the deaths of people to to convince people.
And so would it be fair to say a majority of the legislators were in that position where they had stories of people close to them that have been injured or killed from the vaccine?

[SPEAKER_10]
It would be hard for me to say that the majority shared those stories with me or I know their personal lives.
I couldn't really make that stretch.
But I can say that there was enough of them that the people who would have voted against it years previous voted in favor of it this year.
So it was a marked change, I will say.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, and do you think that any like, or do are any of you interested in taking any vaccines whatsoever, whether it's the, or for your kids?
Like, would you consider any vaccine that's on available today for you or your kids?

[SPEAKER_04]
Absolutely not.
I absolutely will never go near any of them.
Absolutely not.

[SPEAKER_01]
Okay.
And then the third question is, do you think vaccines cause autism?

[SPEAKER_02]
Absolutely.
100%.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_01]
And is it surprising to you that the medical community believes strongly that if there's one thing we're certain about, it's that teens don't cause autism.

[SPEAKER_02]
With sort of makes you next to the medical establishment.
They are some of the most brainwashed people on the planet.
They don't know it.
I feel I feel sort of sorry for them in a lot of ways because they really don't know and not taking anything away from cat or doctor and as a rank of who I don't know.
And all the unbelievably brave physicians who did stand up and stood for truth and actually questioned things.
The vast majority of physicians, look, they're put through boot camp.
They're told that they know stuff that everybody else doesn't.
They're the only people with a title in society.
I mean, I think that we have a real problem that there's this cult of the expert and it needs to be completely dissected and dismembered.
And so I think that they've sort of gotten themselves into a situation where there's a certain arrogance about medicine.
And the truth is, I mean, I'm actually, I left Wall Street and became a homeopath and I raised my son exclusively on homeopathy.
And I can tell you it's the most powerful medicine I've ever experienced in my life.
And yet they would tell me it's quackery and they just don't know.
They just don't know and they're too,
confident, too righteous in their certitude to actually ask questions and that's I think their Achilles heel.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, or in some cases they're not allowed to.
So, you know, for instance, I, I got sick recently and I started doing some research to say, you know, I've always been told that you can't cure the common cold.
You know, you have to go through, you get the flu, you know, maybe you took Tamiflu at the very beginning, maybe that'll help a little, but you're basically kind of stuck in this.
You get it.
It's going to take you a five or six days to get over it.
And you're going to have a cough for two weeks and all that.
And so I started doing research and I worked within, um, a, um,
proprietary AI engine that would actually talk to me about stuff that if you talk to chat chat GPT that you'd get shut down immediately.
So here I could actually engage in a conversation and look at possible treatments and it turns out that we can cure pretty much all respiratory viruses and
and also bacteria that gets spread through respiratory through some techniques that have been marginalized, completely marginalized by the medical community.
And to me, if I had done this research five years ago before I
realize what happened with COVID and all this brainwashing.
I would have said, no, no, no, this can't be right.
And now it's like, wow, it's just amazing that I thought I was educated on the COVID vaccine.
It was just the COVID vaccine.
And then I'm learning it's all vaccine.
And now I'm learning that, hey, all these viruses that we are given vaccines for, there are easy treatments.
That can virtually, you know, it's like 99% success rates were for people that have used these techniques.
So I, you know, I documented that the methods and the stats in my article posted on my sub stack, but it was, it was eye opening.
for me when I did that research.
And I actually refined the protocols that people have been using to very high scientific precision because I had the expert AI, this unbiased AI guiding me on how to do the formulations and so forth to optimize and also how to do the treatments to optimize the effects.
And all this stuff is just buried.
It's just horrible.
So let's get to the Idaho.
Why Idaho?
And can we replicate this in other states?
Are you guys thinking, hey, we did it in Idaho.
Let's use exactly the same techniques.
And let's train people in every state to use the same techniques that we did.
And because if you could do it in Idaho, why can't you do it in another state like California or Texas or Alabama or Georgia or Florida?
Is there a limit here?
And I realize that places like California and Maine and Rhode Island, of course, would be the worst.
for doing something like this.
But it seems like you could get this passed in an awful lot of states.
And so I'm wondering about that.
And I'm also wondering, have you considered using the similar techniques and upping it to the federal level?
So maybe the most important question of this whole session is, can we replicate this in other states, either at the state level, local, they probably can't do it at the local level, but at the state level or the federal level, can we replicate this?
What do you guys think?

[SPEAKER_10]
Absolutely.
Yeah, absolutely.
You want to take that one, Sarah?
I think absolutely.
There's no reason not to.

[SPEAKER_04]
sure.
I mean, it just tak involved.
It takes dedicat willing to be at the capit telling the personal stor in Idaho, Doug Cameron w employer to take the covid
You know wanted to refuse and he's now wheelchair bound for life.
He is paralyzed from his diaphragm down And ironically his his boss who coerced him into the vaccine actually is no longer even with us.
He passed away He was probably vaccinated
Yeah.
Yeah, I believe he was dealing with cancer and that was where his fear was coming from during COVID, which is why he coerced the employees to take the shot, even when they were trying to refuse.
And so we had Doug, he's amazing.
He came to all the hearings and he sat with us in the gallery and the House side and the Senate side during all the process of the bill going through.
And I think that was really powerful.
I think, I'm sure legislatures all over the country need to see and hear
from people who can tell these personal stories of what has happened to them, what forced medical mandates can do to the people.
So I think that's helpful.
I mean, and I should have started with this.
I hope people all over the country are on their knees praying because that was a huge part of what we have done here in Idaho.
We have always, you know, sought God and God's guidance first.
But I think really, yeah, that and just dedication and education and being

[SPEAKER_10]
The email list, the calls to action.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, that's true.
Being a cohesive group, I mean, I think God put Health Freedom Idaho together before COVID because we were organized, we were familiar with each other, we knew the process, we were familiar with the capital, and we had our email list ready to go.
And that has been absolutely huge.
We send out calls to action to our list.
And our legislators get hundreds, if not sometimes thousands of emails just inundated with them.
And then when the bill was sitting on the governor's desk, the governor's office was just inundated with phone calls, emails.
They were so frustrated with the amount of pressure they were getting.
And that makes a huge difference.

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, and I have to say, we were aided by if I can't Steve, we were aided by.
National organizations, because health freedom defense fund has a national footprint and reputation.
There were a lot of people who wanted to help us and I've actually been this week in conversation with several of these bigger organizations as well that actually do have state level directors, state level.
you know, frameworks already in place that want to work with us to do this.
And so, you know, these other organizations that have local chapters were putting up the word as well.
So, I mean, they were getting bombarded.
And then, I mean, Governor Ron DeSantis happened to be here.
the Monday of the week after the bill was first passed.
So, you know, the bill was first passed and the governor vetoed it, the first bill, the first iteration.
But before that happened, Governor DeSantis was here and he was addressing the
The legislature with the governor sitting to his side and he talked about all the great things that Idaho is doing amongst which was passing the medical freedom act, which the governor went on to sign.
I mean, he was like, in such a difficult place.
And then our attorney general came out repeatedly talking about how it's important and it's time to implement a ban on medical mandates to to prohibit medical mandates in the state of Idaho.
So there was.
All of the voices essentially in Idaho were in our favor.
Yeah, that's what I think that I think that that's not unique in a lot of states in some states for sure.
And I need to address one other thing that you said, because I think it's so important for people to understand.
What safeguarded us against becoming New Zealand or Australia or Canada or Britain during coded.
Are 50 states.
And the last thing we want is federal action, Steve, because federal action, what they give, the next guy can take away.
And that's the last thing we want.
And one of the most precious gifts that our founders gave to us is the state structure, because under the police powers that are reserved to the states by the Constitution are the health powers.
And this is why
The states get to implement laws surrounding medical and health mandates and the federal government can't.
That's how Health Freedom Defense Fund, the organization I founded, defeated the federal travel mask mandate because CDC was overstepping its statutory authority.

[SPEAKER_01]
That's awesome.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, so this is one of the reasons.
And so I think we should all be really valuing the 50 states that we have and the 50 different opportunities to go in different directions because it actually protects us.
And what I hope will happen is that we will
Now that the dam is broken with Idaho, that we will be able to go to other states and show the way and then essentially box out the states that are resisting, put them in.

[SPEAKER_01]
So much easier to replicate than to create the first of a kind.
I can tell you that so much easier.

[SPEAKER_10]
And I would like to see all of the states like rally behind those other states like they rally behind us.
Like I fully intend on putting out calls to action for any other state that brings forward the Medical Freedom Act and giving them the support they gave to us.
It was just, I can't tell you how amazing it was to be in the center of that and know that collectively the United States was like all the people in the health freedom movement were pushing this bill forward.
And I definitely want to make sure that we're all doing that for every state that brings the spill.
We have to.
That was it.
That's what pushed us over the finish line.
It was amazing.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
Yeah.
No, I have a, uh, I'm really curious cause I'm a numbers guy.
How many people were involved in this?
Is it just the three of you plus an email list?
Like how many full time people pulled this thing off?
What did it take?

[SPEAKER_10]
It's just us.
It's just us.

[SPEAKER_01]
Just three women can change the world.

[SPEAKER_02]
We had two things on our side, Steve.
We had God on our side, without a doubt, and we also had some unbelievable angels, some terrific, true white knights in the legislature who came to our aid repeatedly when we thought out was lost.
It wasn't this just like, let's just, we just walked through and signed the bill.
Actually, it was,

[SPEAKER_01]
You mean it wasn't just a phone call saying, hey, I got this idea for a bill, and then, hey, great idea, and it passes, and the governor signs a little bit more complicated than that, right?

[SPEAKER_02]
It was unbelievable.
I mean, there were three iterations of the bill before it was finally signed, and there was a fight between the House and the Senate.
Literally over this legislation and whose bill was going to make it through and I mean it was you can't imagine We literally lived with phones in our hands or at our ears for two and a half weeks We were just it was like the biggest emotional rollercoaster i've ever been through in my entire life three weeks start Start to finish.

[SPEAKER_01]
How long did it take?
From when you guys start with with the idea of hey, let's get together You know the three of you get together for the first time
What is that?
How long did it take from the three of you getting together for the first time until the bill was signed?

[SPEAKER_10]
Nearly 10 years.

[SPEAKER_01]
10 years.

[SPEAKER_10]
Well, we've been doing all kinds of other activism, right?
We've gotten other bills passed.
We pushed the health department back.
I mean, we've done a lot for a long time.
But this is a dream, right?

[SPEAKER_01]
This is the pinnacle.
Sure.
But the point is that you wanted to do this
10 years ago your your goal was to hey, let's get this passed 10 years ago and it took you 10 years to do it So the like it's a first of a kind 10 years to do it the first one but i'll bet you the second and third ones are going to happen a lot faster in the Fourth and fifth will happen a lot faster than that.
Have you been contacted?
By any other organizations or have you reached out to other organizations?
So that you can get this spun up
in fifty states and and you know you can buy our training video for five ninety five it's on sale today by two you know get buy one get one free like have you thought about okay let's go and here's how you know package how we did it here's the text of the bill you can pass this exact text you don't have to
worry about wording because I knew that that took a long time.
But you know, have you thought about how to essentially franchise this?
Like you want to be as popular as Starbucks is.
And you know, so there's a Starbucks on every street corner.
There ought to be a group of you guys in every state that is doing this and is in their faces in the legislature.
Like how far are we away from doing something like that?

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, I think I haven't even gotten to update Sarah and Misty.
I literally got home from the East Coast last night.
I've been in D.C. for the last four days, and I've been in some in a bunch of meetings and discussing these issues.
And so a Health Freedom Defense Fund has actually created a model bill out of this.
And I'm going to run it by some other groups that are expert in that kind of arena.
So we're going to create a model bill and we're creating a package of information, a packet to go along with it.
And then we're going to, but I haven't even gotten to talk to Sarah and Misty about this because I literally got home at 1130 last night.
And so we're going to collaborate with some national organizations in who are C4s, you know, who are advocates, you know, in the advocacy space and use their expertise and their resources and their people on the ground and take the model bill and the package of information we've gotten, you know, like an FAQ and all this other stuff about how we did it.
And and that's I think that's going to make it something that's far more replicable and
You know, the one thing you may not have, they may not have right off the bat, is Representative Rob Beiswanger, who was our unbelievable guardian angel through this whole process.
He was the sponsor in the house, and he was really, truly just a rock.
He never, ever gave up.
He was unbelievable.
And then also the Assistant Majority Leader, Josh Tanner, who
also didn't give up and was so wonderful to us and helped us.
I mean, in the end, there were three iterations of the bill and the bill actually got stronger on the last day of the session.
There were two fantastic things inserted into the bill, which are, you know, what anybody could only dream of.
And it just made the bill so fantastic.
And so we're, you know, we are definitely going to do this, but I haven't even had a chance to talk with these guys about it and what some of our opportunities are.

[SPEAKER_01]
Who added the extra zingers in the bill and whose idea was it?
And I mean, like, how did that happen?
Right.
Because bills are only supposed to get worse over time.
That's that's the rule.
They got watered down over time.

[SPEAKER_02]
Maybe we should tell you about the roller coaster because it was insane.
I mean, I'll just tell you from the very beginning.
So what happened was in the summer of 2024.
I mean, we've been talking about this bill and I've been saying this.
This was one of the missions that I had when I started Health Freedom Defense Fund was that I wanted to establish a societal norm that each and every one of us has medical autonomy.
And then to get that to codify that in law, that's been like my dream for a very long time.
I mean, from before I even met these guys, and it's the reason that I started health freedom defense fund and it was clearly the purpose of the bill.
But what happened was we had talked about it at our board meetings because I'm actually a founding board member of health freedom.
Idaho.
And and I said, I talked to about it last summer and I'm like, you know, I really want to bring this bill.
I really want to make right a medical freedom act.
And so she introduced me to Senator Dan Foreman, who we had a long conversation with probably an hour and a half last July and told him what my idea was.
And he was like, I'm totally in.
This sounds great.
Write the bill.
Give it to me and if I like it, I'll sponsor it and so that's what we did.
I wrote the bill and then we did a couple reviews of it and then we sent it to him and he's like, I like it.
So he took it to the legislative services office and in January when the session started, he went and got the bill printed.
And, um, and then I, he invited me to come and actually present to the legislature.
So I actually presented the bill to the Senate state affairs committee.
And then stood for questions afterwards and then it went through the Senate and then I, um.
Um, Rob by swinger was the, uh, sponsor in the house.
So I went to the house and he asked me to come and present it to the house health and welfare committee.
So I did that and stood for questions and boy, did I get a grilling in that committee.
I did in both committees.
I mean, it was like, you know, I was.
I don't know you guys wasn't it 30 or 40 minutes that I was being between my presentation and then the question I'm curious what like what did they ask you that was.

[SPEAKER_01]
Like, Leslie, don't you know that vaccines save lives and you're risking all these people?
So it's all the bullshit that you get, right?

[SPEAKER_02]
What about polio?
What about polio?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, what about polio?

[SPEAKER_02]
And so I schooled him that the polio shot actually didn't stop polio and that they were just recategorizing, that they changed the diagnostic criteria.

[SPEAKER_01]
And how did people push back on that?
Or do they say, OK, I don't know what I'm talking about, and she does?

[SPEAKER_02]
These guys are hilarious when I testify.
You should say what you think, Misty.

[SPEAKER_10]
Well, what's funny is that we actually heard a new one, which was, what about super lice?
It was like beyond the regular polio.
It was like, but what about super lice?
Oh my gosh.
It was so funny.

[SPEAKER_01]
What did you say?
Super lice?

[SPEAKER_10]
Have you ever even heard of this?

[SPEAKER_02]
Super lice?
It's a great way to look it up.
But yes, so there were all of these people, I mean, I'm sorry to, I don't mean to be partisan, but they were all Democrats and they were all talking about their talking points where sick kids can't be sent home from school.
And what if someone has pink eye?
Can't they be forced to get antibiotics in order to come back to school?
And what if they have super lice?
What are we going to do about super lice?
And we were like, what is super lice?
And then we looked it up.
It's actually a thing supposedly.

[SPEAKER_10]
overtreated.
I guess we've overtreated for lice and it's created a super lice.
So I mean they really just tried to put you know throw everything at it like what about this and what about that?
But one of the things I love about watching Leslie when she's giving her presentation or answering questions, I'm a little bit of a body language reader.
I like to watch videos and learn about body language
And it had to crack up because any time she was asked a question, you know, she would look at the person, she would plant her feet, and then she would like, you know, answer.
So she was like, I am firm in what I'm about to say.
I'm standing firm in the truth that I know.
And then she'd just like deliver it.
And she'd give another question and she'd just like plant her feet and she would deliver it again.
And they had no, they had no rebuttal for it because they don't have the information that Leslie has.
So they literally like look, like try to cut her off.
Okay, thank you, Mrs. Minook.
Okay, thank you, Mrs. Minook.
She would just keep going.
She would just keep going.

[SPEAKER_01]
Wow.
That's so awesome.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, it was great.

[SPEAKER_01]
So, so are there, um, so who added the, uh, the, the zingers at the, at the very end that, uh, improved the bill and, and how did that actually work out?

[SPEAKER_10]
Oh my gosh.
Well, like Leslie said, we had, um, yeah, yeah, representative Josh Tanner and he's just was amazing.
That morning, the last day on Friday morning, he calls Leslie and he's like, what do you want me to do?
It's not dead.
It's not done.
We don't have to accept it the way it is.
What do you want?
And Leslie called and we're all like, what are we okay?
This is what we want.
And then they did it.
They literally did it.
And it was amazing.

[SPEAKER_02]
They did it in the house.
Steve, what happened, I mean, this is important for people to understand is that after the governor vetoed the bill, on Monday morning, Senator Foreman, having assured me that he would not change the language in the bill, he went and met with the governor's staff and he changed the language in the bill.
He carved out day cares.
And I didn't find out until two o'clock in the afternoon, a little after two, that he had done this because he told, he asked Representative Beiswenger to call me and tell me.
And so he texted me images of this new bill that he had printed, even though he had promised me that he wouldn't change the language.
And I started texting him.
I'm like, this is awful.
You can't do this.
This is evil.
I will never ever be associated with sacrificing our children in order to purchase our freedom.
Like this is outrageous.
I'm not doing this.
I don't want to be associated with this.
We will have nothing to do with this.
So we were ready.
I'm like, please kill this bill.
A bad bill is worse than no bill at all.

[SPEAKER_01]
Isn't it forward progress though?
I mean, you get this and then you can go for the next piece later, right?

[SPEAKER_02]
But Steve, that's what he argued.
But at the cost of our children, of children under three years of age, babies and toddlers, I'm sorry, but I will never use infants and toddlers as a human shield.
I will never use them as a chip.
With which to bargain.
I think that's outrageous.
I think that's evil.
And so I said that to him and he promised me he wouldn't go forward.
And then he did anyway.
And then he said to me, it's a good bill.
And I'm like, no, it's not.
It's a terrible bill.
And so.
The reason it's a terrible bill, the reason it was a terrible bill like that is because.
Think about, you know, the vaccine schedule now, Steve.
you know what happens these children before the age of three are getting probably 40 shots 50 shots and so they are the largest recipient plus there's the psychological hurdle that once they get a parent to cave and start doing it they're more likely to continue and then there's the third piece of it which is once they're sick then they often are patients for life and so i knew that they were really trying to do something here and i was just i mean i i spoke with sarah and misty and we were all
You know, resolute that we were not going to go forward with this and Senator Foreman went and presented the bill with the daycare carve out in the Senate committee that afternoon against my express wishes.
It's unbelievable.
Sarah, why don't you tell what happened next?
Because it's unreal with 472.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, so when that happened, the House, we have some fantastic representatives in the House, they decided to write a new one.
So we had had the first one, and then it got changed to the daycare carve out.
And so they were going to create a new one that was back to the original.
And that was House Bill 472.
And so that was great.
And we were all for that.
So at that point of that week, we were saying kill the Senate bill because of the daycare carve out.
and passed the House bill.
And so of course, for the people of Idaho and all over the country that were watching, it was very confusing because we had one we were trying to pass, one we were trying to kill.
And so we were really pushing for the House bill.
So that went through committee, it went through the House floor, it passed, it was ready to go to the Senate, and then the Senate wouldn't hear it.
And so then we had Senator Foreman's bill that passed through committee and passed the Senate.
sent it over to the House side.
And so now we've got the bills crisscrossing.
We've got the House one on Senate side, Senate one on the House side.
On the Senate side, they wouldn't hear the good House one.
So our only option left was to have the House now amend the Senate bill.
Yeah.
And so that was where our amazing representatives, our heroes came.
I mean, they just showed up and they after
So much discussion.
I think, oh my gosh, it was crazy.
So many phone calls, so much time on the phone, so much time consulting with everybody we know who is brilliant in law and policy.
We came up with these amendments, and that was where Representative Beiswinger and Representative Tanner made those changes at the very end.
And it was amazing to watch.
And we were right in the middle of it, which was so great.

[SPEAKER_02]
So we were on the, sorry, go ahead, Sarah, finish.
No, go ahead.
I was gonna say, so Thursday night, this is April 3rd, we were on the phone with everybody that you can imagine, all of our sort of touchstones, asking them what they thought, what we should do at this point, because the House was saying, do you want us to kill the bill or do you wanna go forward?
What do you wanna do?
And we were really concerned because something that happened this session was that there are all these rules
administrative rules that are promulgated by the Idaho Department of Health and Welfare, and they are supposed to implement the statute, the code, the law that's passed by the legislature, but they don't always comport.
In fact, very often, the health department will overstep its statutory authority.
And so they just took all these rules and they brought them into code.
And it happened so quickly, we weren't even able to review all of it.
We'd actually asked for a commission to review all of these rules that were being brought into code.
And this was a real issue because 1210, the last iteration of the bill, referenced this new code that was being brought in, or these rules that were being brought into code.
And in there, Steve,
It specifically said that in the event of a disease outbreak, unvaccinated people, even if they're perfectly healthy, can be excluded.
And so, I happening overnight was, we were all super torn about whether or not we should support it and I finally decided I prayed on it and I thought you know what I'm going to go forward I'm going to support it, but I'm going to have.
I'm really going to make some serious, you know, express some serious concerns and so I texted texted representative Tanner and he called me.
And I explained to him that this is not acceptable.
I mean, so if a healthy kid is in school and someone else has pink eye, does that mean that the healthy kid can be excluded?
Like, what does this mean in a disease outbreak?
Does it mean if someone has a cold, a healthy child that's unvaccinated can be excluded?
There's no definition.
There's nothing at all to guide us here.
And so he literally, six o'clock in the morning, 6.30 in the morning, he says, well, we'll just, what do you want to put in there?
He's like, and we wrote the language together on the phone.
that says that no healthy, unvaccinated individual may be excluded in the event of a disease outbreak anywhere in the state of Iowa.
Which is huge so that happened literally early in the morning and then we also, I said, you know, I'm so worried too, that this is going to be somehow contradicted or they've got some game up their sleeve or something like this.
I mean, who knows?
We can't trust these guys.
They've already double crossed us.
So we put in there and this was actually Josh Tanner's.
idea, he put in there a line that says that no rules or regulations or code may be promulgated by any state agency which contradicts this bill.
That means that even if the governor declares a state of emergency, no state agency may actually implement anything that contradicts this bill.
So it's pretty bulletproof.

[SPEAKER_03]
That's awesome.
Good.
That's rock solid.
I'm going to interrupt because I have Dr. Kat Lindley who only has about five minutes of her time.
So I'd like to bring you back for Q&A, all three of you, if you don't mind hanging out a little bit.
longer and and then but before I do that I'm also going to bring on Dr. Andrea Nazarenko shortly after Kat Lindley.
So your story is so riveting and I really do hope we can replicate as Steve has been asking and spread this like a virus across the country.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, wouldn't be great if we had the the opposite health freedom bill that says, oh, if you're vaccinated, we have to exclude you from school, you know, or you can't attend school if you're vaccinated.
Like, wouldn't that be great?
Okay, so hang out backstage.
I'm going to now move on and bring on Dr. Kat Lindley.

[SPEAKER_02]
Dr. Kat, thank you for taking the time to come on VSRF live.

[SPEAKER_03]
How are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_09]
I'm great.
And I apologize, Steve, to you and your audience for kind of coming in late.
My son told me two days ago, I need to be at his concert.
So here I am.

[SPEAKER_03]
Better late than never.
Want to really quickly read your bio.
You are a board certified family physician based in Texas known for your outspoken advocacy for patient autonomy and health freedom with a background in both clinical medicine and international health policy.
Dr. Lindley has become a trusted voice.
During the COVID-19 pandemic and beyond, speaking out against mandates and government overreach, she is a passionate advocate for the doctor-patient relationship and has served in leadership roles with organizations such as the Global COVID Summit and the Global Health Project.
Dr. Lindley has testified before legislative bodies, participated in national and international health forums,
and continues to work tirelessly to promote ethical medical practices, informed consent, and individual rights in health care.
And you're going to update us as to what's going on in Texas, I would imagine, with some similar legislation that was just passed in Idaho.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, so I think I listen a little bit to the Idaho conversation and this is really important because this is the same strategy we took when it came to the War Health Organization, 10th Amendment, right?
Anything that's not going back to federal government needs to go back to the state and health care issues are some of those things.
So we have 14 states that have filed Abermectin bills.
Three have passed it.
We have seven states that are trying to ban mRNA.
Even New York has one bill, which is actually really amazing.
Minnesota also.
And then you have Idaho with these huge wins.
So I think a lot of us are going to take some of those bills, copy them, and give them to our representatives.
And that is how you do it.
You find a bill you like.
You find a sponsor and ask them to introduce it.
Here in Texas, we have a hearing on ivermectin bill coming up on Monday.
Dr. Mary Talley-Boden has testified on a couple of bills that had to do with our medical boards not going after doctors who have used ivermectin and hydroxychloroquine.
We have Senator Bob Hull from Tyler, Texas, who's been champion when it comes to medical freedom and has introduced many of these bills.
And we have a really good Senate Health Committee with
Santa co, who's also taken some of these initiatives, they're happening around the country and they're trying to pass them.
We are in legislative session.
Things are moving slowly because they're all concerned about the school finance right now and the choice bill.
I'm going to school boards have to monitor those as well.
So now that those have moved, I think we're going to see more hearings on these medical freedom bill specifically.
And the other thing I wanted to say is, from a federal level, we are seeing this slow movement, right?
When it comes to specifically to mRNA.
But I do think we're going to see some movement in maybe going after the EUA.
We've seen RFK Junior give a passionate speech about autism and vaccines.
We have seen interview Dr just did and said that ACIP, which is the committee on immunizations and vaccinations is not going to have pharma lobbyist and people who are.
Employed by pharma be part of the committee.
They can be spectators like everyone else.

[SPEAKER_01]
Who said that.

[SPEAKER_09]
marty mackery in his uh oh oh wow yeah that's awesome nagan kelly yeah uh chief nerd posted it on x so you can find it there but that's actually god that's a that's a sea change yeah so that's kind of where we are we won't have the fox guarding the hen house anymore
Not anymore.
And I hope they also go.

[SPEAKER_01]
Oh, geez.
Truth.
Truth on the ACIP committee.
Boy, well, that'd be a sea change.
I can't wait to see that in Texas twice.

[SPEAKER_09]
And they don't like no matter what you say, they in the past, they just like they would even say, we don't think we should approve this for children.
And then you go in and vote for the vote.
And the vote was like nine to zero.
It was great.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_01]
It's like, we want to remain on the committee.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yep.

[SPEAKER_03]
More worried about my.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
Yeah.
The, the, the testimony is there, there are opportunity to leave and get lunch or, you know, get something to drink or what have you.
How long?
Like they never respond to anything that the public, I've never seen them respond to anything in the public comments.

[SPEAKER_09]
They don't.

[SPEAKER_03]
They definitely don't in Santa Clara, Steve.
I've seen that.

[SPEAKER_01]
I know that.

[SPEAKER_03]
Kat, how long do you think it would take to get a bill like the Idaho bill passed in Texas?
I know Texas only meets every other year, I believe, for six months.
So what kind of a time are you looking at?

[SPEAKER_09]
We cannot introduce bills anymore.
I think we have passed the deadline.
I'm actually very disappointed for this year.

[SPEAKER_01]
You mean?

[SPEAKER_09]
For this session, yes, unless we go into, unless he extends the session.
The problem is I'm really disappointed with Texas.
We're not leading at all when it comes to medical freedom.
You would think that we would have passed some of these things two years ago.
We're still struggling to the same issue.
Our medical board is still going after Dr. Mary Talley-Boden.
She's having a hearing, I believe it's next week, where there's supposed to be adjudication in her case.
It's a Zoom invite.
I think she posted it on her ex for those of you who want to listen to it.
But we are definitely not leading in Texas.
But I'm glad that Idaho is showing us up, Leslie.
Good job.
And I'm really glad you guys are doing it.
We have a friend, obviously, who we are trying to push him to run for your governor.
But you know how it is.
Politics is hard.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yep, they got a new slogan in Idaho.
Don't mess with Idaho.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
Well, Dr. Lindley, I know you have to run, so I want to expedite your making your, is it your son's course or?

[SPEAKER_09]
My oldest son, he is a composer, director and plays, I think he's up to like 10 or 11 instruments now.
So he's playing some of his pieces tonight.
So I'm really excited.

[SPEAKER_01]
Wow.

[SPEAKER_09]
Sorry, this is my kids trying to ask me what we're having for dinner and I'm not doing home.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, we'll let you run off.
Thank you for taking the time to come join us on VSRF live and keep fighting the fight down in Texas and come back and update us with how it's going.

[SPEAKER_09]
I will.
Thank you all.

[SPEAKER_03]
Thank you.
I'm going to now immediately bring on Dr. Andrea Nazarenko.
Welcome to VSRF live.
Thank you for being so patient and joining us this evening.

[SPEAKER_07]
Oh, it's my honor to be here.
You know, I'm listening to our friends from Idaho and I'm reminded of, so I have a nine-year-old who plays baseball and he recently moved up from rec ball to travel ball and anyone who has a kid in sports knows what a big deal that is, right?
And so the pitching is different and everything is different and he would go to practice and he like,
is leveling up and getting all these new skills and doing great.
And we'd go to a tournament and every time he'd get up at bat, he'd strike out.
And it was like, if he just could get five pitches, he would be hitting that ball because that's what he does at practice.
And then one day, by the graces of God, he stood up at that plate and he swung and the ball went flying to the fence.
And it was like, you know, the team wars.
It was like one of those proud mother moments.
And I kind of feel like that's where we're at in the Health Freedom Movement right now.
Because you know what happened after that one hit?
he believed he could do it.
His expectation of the outcome changed and that child has not missed a ball yet since standing up at that plate.
He goes out there and it's like bam, bam, bam, bam, because he believes that he could.
And what Leslie Misty and Sarah just proved, not just to America, but to the rest of the world is,
We can do this.
It might take 10 years.
It might take 20 or 30.
But we are winning this war, and now we have proof that we can do it.

[SPEAKER_01]
And in fact, when you listen to the story, it's like they percolated it for nine years, but it really started to get traction in the last year, so it really can be done in a year, which is amazing.

[SPEAKER_07]
It is, and one of the other things that I heard as they were sharing their story and as Kat was talking, and it's really this somewhat maybe secretive thing sneaking in here, it's that we often focus on the bill.
We often focus on the thing that we're fighting, the it, right?
In this case, it's the health freedom bill.
But really what we're fighting here, like each one of those things are individual battles.
And what we're fighting is the war.
We're fighting for a paradigm shift over what it means to have control of our health.
It's not about one piece of legislation.
It's about changing the hearts and minds of the masses.
And so as we think about replicating the process and bringing their process into different states, every single state,
Is a totally different picture.
There are pieces that could be picked up like you're wording and hugely helpful.
There are other pieces where you might as well be walking into a foreign country because they're just so distinct from.
Idaho or South Carolina or any place else, but it doesn't mean that the lessons learned aren't important and we can't be learning from each other.
It doesn't mean we can't expedite the process for each other.
It just means where we're at and the speed we go might be different based on the culture we're surrounded by, and that is still winning.
When we shift the minds, hearts, and perceptions of people, we're winning whether or not the piece of paper gets passed in that legislative season.

[SPEAKER_03]
Fantastic.
And I also love the baseball analogy as well that you mentioned earlier.
Thank you for sharing that.
And I want to read your bio before we get too much further for those that don't know Dr. Andrew Nazarenko.

[SPEAKER_01]
I'm going to step away for just a second.
I need to take care of something and I'll be right back.

[SPEAKER_03]
Okay, yes, thanks, Steve.
I'll be right, we'll be right here.
Back to Andrea's bio, she is a community and quantitative psychologist committed to creating system level change and strengthening the health freedom movement.
She is a founding board member of the Global Health Project and co-founder of the Inspired Network, both focused on uniting like-minded individuals to drive impact.
Her research has been published in top journals and centers on addressing risk transmission and promoting health resilience.
She is also the co-author of the bestseller When Food Hurts and co-developer of the Gut Happy Lifestyle System, which emphasizes gut health as a foundation for wellness.
She is a passionate advocate for informed choice, community empowerment, and restoring integrity to public health.
And I'm familiar with the Global Health Project, and I'm curious how this piece of legislation that just passed in Idaho might help a bigger movement like a Global Health Project.

[SPEAKER_07]
It is because, well, it really does go at the proof of concept.
We've been fighting upstream and the momentum, for those who were part of this movement prior to COVID, it went at a certain pace and it felt like you were screaming and you were the crazy one and you might as well just have been put in an asylum back in those days if you mentioned that vaccines might be at all linked with autism.
But then COVID happened and this radical change happened.
People woke up.
Health freedom was no longer a fringe topic.
It became mainstream.
It became mainstream conversation.
And now we're again, now that COVID has quote unquote ended and we're all
Clearly satisfied with the accountability that happened after such being facetious, of course.
We're seeing a shift in the momentum again.
We're seeing a shift in what this health freedom movement means.
We have a different president in office.
We have a different administration.
We have RFK at HHS.
Our constellation of what we're fighting against has changed.
They've become more sophisticated.
They've strengthened and they've weakened in some ways as well.
And we've changed.
I believe that the next iteration of our health freedom movement will become more and more professionalized as we recognize the need for niche skills and niche areas.
But what we were missing up until this point was that major win.
Yes, we had major wins in COVID, but they were so emotional and so wrapped up in all of the
the corruption that surrounded it, we really defeated in that case.
We put up a really strong defense.
What the Idaho bill shows us is that our movement has now progressed into not just being a strong defensive lineup, but being able to go on the offense to be able to actually score our own wins.
And what's most important when I talk about this, when I talk about switching from a defensive lineup to an offensive lineup,
is that it's not just that we are scoring goals.
What we are also doing is forcing them to use their limited resources to now have a defensive strategy.
Instead of being able to be unabashedly offensive and just put us in our corner and us being standing there like a scared cat saying, listen to me, listen to me, we have now proved that we are strong enough, sophisticated enough, and have a loud enough voice to sway the legislator
and to have major wins because health is a human right and not an option.
And so we have now shown and proved that we have a powerful enough offensive strategy and they need to redirect their efforts as well.
So the profoundness of this build extends so far beyond just the substantive gains that we get with health freedom.
It really redefines this next era in the health freedom movement and redefines the players in the game.

[SPEAKER_03]
Fantastic.
One of the enemies that the, I'll call them the dark side used against the public was Ivermectin.
And I understand that in South Carolina.
Is it passed that now it's over the counter?
Did that actually pass?

[SPEAKER_07]
It's not passed yet in South Carolina.
We are really, really good at introducing phenomenal bills that sit on desks, and that is another one that it would passed in Idaho.
Leslie said so I know is, you know, lapping us here.
No, I don't think Bill does have a lot of attention and support by the legislator.
We only have a few weeks left in session.
I'm really hopeful that that one is one that they pushed through.
but we shall see what happens.

[SPEAKER_03]
So what other legislative action are you focused on right now in South Carolina and how do others support you on that?

[SPEAKER_07]
So in South Carolina, the biggest bill that we are, we have a few really solid health freedom bills and some very South Carolina specific related health freedom bills.
The one that I am most excited about and am making the biggest noise is about the prohibition of all mRNA vaccines.
So, what is innovative about the bill is that we've written around people's concerns.
You know, there are folks who believe that as a platform is going to help with cancer or rare genetic diseases.
This bill still allows for because it is very intentionally written.
innovation within the medical industry within our state.
So it eases the concerns of those who don't want to stifle innovation, don't want to stop the treatment of cancer.
It simply keeps the platform out of the vaccinations.
What is important about this is it's not labeling COVID specifically because they're going to take this mRNA technology and they're going to move it to other vaccines.
They're going to move it to other, they already have moved it to other drugs.
And so we need to stop it at the technological platform stage, the emergency use stage, all of the ways that the corruption seeped in, we need to stop it there and not just keep it focused on the COVID case.
I will say that there are two, for those listening, because there are a lot of other states who are doing this, and there are two big pieces of pushback we get, particularly from a conservative standpoint, which is not typically the side we have to argue from.
The first is, how does restricting a drug on the market protect freedom?
Because it feels like government overreach.
And so my response to that is number one, you are taking away the health by changing the DNA.
in the human genome, you're taking away the health freedom of all future generations.
We are selectively reducing the health freedom of all of the generations that follow by altering our God-given DNA.
The second is clearly the unborn and all of Dr. Jim Thorpe's work and others on
you know, the impacts we have giving this untested poison during pregnancy.
And then the third is, of course, shedding.
Your decision to get vaccinated should not impede on my right to live a healthy lifestyle.
That is the biggest talking point that anyone in the country could help us with, is that educating folks on the shedding process and why shedding is at risk, because our legislators don't know what shedding is.
You know, we're in an echo chamber 95% of the time, probably 99.9% of the time.
And so when we say, Hey, you put me at risk because you got the vaccine.
They're like, what are you talking about?
And so the more we could be loud about this to discuss it.
So, so much that.
People here of the vaccine, and they conditioned response, think shedding I might be at risk.
Right?
Like, if we could make it so normative that shedding is part of the conversation, then it will become so much more facilitate the conversation so much easier.
Because we no longer have to explain this fundamental process that that we all take for granted.

[SPEAKER_03]
I'm glad you brought up shedding I mentioned it to a Provax friend recently and brought up the topic of shedding and the look I got like I must have like horns or something coming out of my head because they had no idea what I was talking about and it was some sort of sci-fi.

[SPEAKER_07]
It's like some conspiracy you're throwing out there.

[SPEAKER_03]
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, it was, it was crazy.
Now, as a psychologist, how do you view the mental impact of these coercive medical policies, especially on children and families?

[SPEAKER_07]
Oh, that's a big rabbit hole.
I could dive right in.
So I think it's hugely, there's so many different ways that the mental health of our next generation has been impacted, not just through COVID, but post-COVID with all of the messaging, particularly the messaging related to safety.
And so there's lots of different aspects I could dive into, but I'm going to say it as generally as possible.
And that is,
Trier to chosen in about 2018 ish on CDC and their lovely data.
But CDC's own studies showed that 1 out of every 6 or 7 children had a diagnosable mental condition with anxiety being number 1.
That was pre covid levels anxiety at its core is a.
Misperception about our safety in our environment.
Fear is a natural evolutionary reaction.
We're born with fear.
Fear is like when a zebra is in field and all of a sudden a lion shows up and the sympathetic response turns odd and your whole biological disposition changes so that you could escape, you know, freeze, fight or
flee and so you run and then you stop running when you realize you're safe and you go back to eating your grass or do whatever happy zebras do.
Anxiety is when we get stuck in that perpetual state of fear because our social environments around us have taught us that a lion is always omnipresent.
There might always be a lion there ready to attack you.
And this is not how we're supposed to live.
Things that fix anxiety, that heal anxiety.
Anxiety is highly gut related, which is not surprising when you think about what helps with anxiety.
Nature, social connection, good food, positive experiences, loving environments that tell you you're safe and you're protected and everything's going to be okay.
everything I just said was the opposite of what we taught our children during COVID.
We taught them to fear each other.
We taught them to fear these invisible viruses that could kill you at any moment.
And it's so scary that you don't even know you have it.
it, but it could kill you and all the people that are around you to wear a mask get vaccinated.
And unless you take a drug, you can't think right, behave right, or act right and everything could disappear at any moment.
And those friends and neighbors you see on the street, well, they probably hate you because you're not vaccinated.
So don't even speak to them.
The state of our mental health in this country is
It's an epidemic and I do not believe that our mental health system is at all prepared from a paradigm or systemic perspective to handle what's to come.
And the only way we're going to get it back on track.
is at the community level and bringing love back into the way that we interact with each other on a daily basis and continue to fight for our children, to teach our children that the worlds that they live in, while it might be scary out there, right here, they're safe, they're loved, and they're protected.
And that is the only way we're going to get this country back on track because we collectively broke it.
We could collectively bring it back together.

[SPEAKER_03]
Great points.
We're going to need that, especially as the Provax people start to wake up to the damage that's been done and they're going to have to let go or unlearn a lot of the stuff that they've been programmed to believe about vaccines.
I'm going to bring Steve Kirsch back on.
He's back.
If you have any follow-up questions for Dr. Nazarenko, Steve, and then if not, I'm going to bring back all of the women from the Idaho
There we go.
We're all back online and thank you for hanging out.
I've got a bunch of audience questions to start.
So let me just get going here and then we can interact a little more.
The first question is, let's see here.
Paul DTN, were there things you wanted in the hide Idaho bill that you didn't get?

[SPEAKER_02]
That's a great question.
There's only one thing I would have liked to have in there that we don't have.
And that is that we have not been able to protect people who work in hospitals yet, but stay tuned.
So what there was a Supreme Court case or a lawsuit that went to the Supreme Court, I think it was Biden versus Missouri, and it was over whether or not hospitals could mandate the COVID shot and the
Supreme Court ruled, I mean it was literally the most twisted, bizarre logic, but they said that people have the right to be safe when they go into the hospital and therefore the hospitals can mandate that their employees, that their staff take the COVID shot.
The problem with that was that in six months before the CDC had said that the shots don't stop transmission or infection,
And it seemed like the comments from some of the Supreme Court judges were just parroting what, I don't know, Rachel Maddow had said or somebody, you know, it's like insane.
It was nonsense that they were spewing.
They clearly had no idea.
They had not read.
We actually submitted an amicus brief to the Supreme Court.
They clearly hadn't read it.
They didn't know what they were talking about.
Or I should say some of our attorneys did.
So that's the one thing that I would like to be able to fix.
And I think that maybe next year we can try on that.
You know, we do have the Supreme Court issue.
It would then for sure elicit a lawsuit, but I think that's a lawsuit we'd like to fight.

[SPEAKER_03]
That would be a good one.
I have a question that I just remember way back when you were telling the story and you've been at this for 10 years.
So COVID hits five years in.
What kind of obstacle did that present?
Like how did that change your whole approach once it became this giant pandemic?
You guys were way ahead of the curve in this bill and then COVID hits.
What did that do to change your strategy?

[SPEAKER_10]
Oh, my goodness, we just we were ready.
So the minute the governor said that, you know, not everybody was essential, we were in that we're supposed to stay home.
Sarah and I were down at the Capitol with our copies of the Constitution, like outside of our home, saying we're all essential.
Nobody's going home.
You know, we're not social distancing.
We're standing right next to each other with no mask on.
And so we just immediately pushed back on the oppressor.
And I think that set the tone in Idaho.
I mean, we ended up at Central District Health, which is this is such an important piece of our journey.
We were at Central District Health.
They were trying to tell our district, our health district, that we couldn't have any more than 10 people at Christmas time.
And Idahoans really showed up on that parking lot.
whenever they would have a meeting and they'd have it early morning in the freezing cold Idaho and the third time they met because we kept you know pushing back and they're like well we'll decide on this next time and then we showed up in more numbers oh well we'll show it we'll have to push this up to the next meeting and then the third meeting we showed up in such a huge amount and they blocked off the parking lot saying we could not stand on our own parking lot so they're playing all these games trying to push us back
And we were surrounded by our own police snipers with guns pointed at our heads and at our babies.

[SPEAKER_01]
It's for your own safety.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_01]
It's free.
It's for your own safety.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.
Right.

[SPEAKER_01]
And so I feel safer now with the guns pointed at you.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.
I have some PTSD from how safe I felt.
Right.
So in that moment, we just had to keep pushing and keep pushing.
And we did keep Idaho
I'm freer because we immediately pushed back and we had such a large reach with our email list and you know, we just all were like calls to action.
Get people there.
Don't let them lock us down.
Don't let them tell us that we're not essential.
So anyway, it was really important that we already had a voice at that time.

[SPEAKER_01]
How many people on your email list?

[SPEAKER_10]
20,000 at this point.
I think we keep like kind of reducing it to the people who are opening it, right?
Because it's costly to have it.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
And and they're taking action those 20,000 it's not 20,000 people who are you know, you asked them to do something Those 20,000 a good number of them will take action, right?

[SPEAKER_10]
Well, I would say throughout Idaho, I mean, we're a big state.
A lot of people are taking action and showing up.
That was the big key during COVID.
They were showing up in person, demanding entry, not conforming to whatever they said.
We were literally walking the opposite way.
The arrows are pointing you one direction at the store and I'm walking the opposite way on purpose.

[SPEAKER_01]
Wow, and did you violate the social distancing?

[SPEAKER_10]
All the time.

[SPEAKER_01]
The six foot rule?
All the time.
That they pulled out of thin air?

[SPEAKER_10]
Absolutely.
When they said we couldn't get together, then I had a house party and put it live on Facebook, which of course, those are the kinds of things that got me picked off.

[SPEAKER_04]
And also the people refused to submit to the tyranny.
I mean, the more the governor pushed on us, like we called the people were calling special legislative sessions, asking our good representatives and senators from all over the state and they would come and we would hold our own legislative sessions and try to push back on the governor like we just would not take no for an answer at one point, they locked the governor's office.
and would not let us come and I had hundreds of peop under the door.
Like we w and everything to tell t to comply.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, actually it's a really important with because we often he
particularly if you're in a state that hasn't had a major win like Idaho and you see these stellar women who are doing all of this work and it feels overwhelming, right?
It's like, what could I do?
I'm just one mom or one father or one brother or I don't even have children.
I just care about this, but I don't understand how the legislature, you know, I remember the schoolhouse rocks version of the legislative process, right?

[SPEAKER_02]
Like I might be able to sing the bill song, but that's about it.

[SPEAKER_07]
Uh, and it feels scary.
You don't know how to write a bill.
You don't know how to do any of this.
And where do I belong?
And the thing that one Idaho and I've heard you guys say it multiple times was setting the stage.
But the second was everybody else.
teaming in and helping out.
So you don't actually need to know anything.
And if you're sitting there at home wondering what you could do and how you could do it, it is true that one voice doesn't matter.
But what's not true is that one voice plus one voice plus one voice plus one voice, it matters a whole lot.
And you don't need to be good at going to policymakers offices.
You don't need to know the science and the data and have everything.
All you need is your voice.
And we have seen this time and time and time again, is that just giving up a little bit of your time and willingness to use your voice in the way that you feel most comfortable.
Is the thing that makes state successful.
It's the thing that makes the difference between the Idaho where the thousands of people are sending letters and shoving letters under the door and some other state where people are sitting at home because what difference could I make?
So I just really wanted to highlight that point and there are many organizations out there in South Carolina.
We worked.
with the National Health Freedom Action, National Health Federation with Right to Refuse.
They've helped us with the bills.
They help you with the lobbying.
If you're new, they will help you along the process.
There's many other national organizations, or these women know everything that one could need to know about legislation, I'm sure, would be happy to help.
There's ways to get connected within your state, and then there's places outside of your state
to help you do the work.
No one knows how to, no one started this knowing what they were doing.
We all just dived into the deep end of the pool and sort of tread water until you figure it out.
So I really just wanted to emphasize that point that every voice matters.
And if you are at all drawn to any piece of this, reach out to somebody in your state and get connected because it's through the small actions that the big wins are made.

[SPEAKER_01]
So just out of curiosity, so speaking of people who didn't know what they were doing before they get started, you guys clearly know what you're doing now at this point.
If you were to go to another state and say, OK, ground zero, we're going to just dedicate the next year or so to getting this done, could we air drop you into any state
And could you be successful within, say, six months or a year?
What do you think that the time frame would be?
Or is it just a crap shoot in terms of, well, if we're dealing with, unless we get the right legislators supporting it, it's like we could be banging our heads and we're not going to get anywhere.
Is it kind of a combination of knowing what you're doing, plus you have to get the luck of the draw to have those legislators in both chambers that are going to work with you to get this done?
Right can you have one without the other can you guys just do it on your own or do you need to be dropped air dropped into a state where you know things are sort of that you can work with.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, I don't think luck has any part of any of it, to be honest with you.
But I have to say, I think and I think this was said before, but a big part of our success has been all of the work we've done for years and years.
And so it's that, you know, because in the beginning when we were new, we did kind of get laughed at and people are like, who are you?
What's the deal with vaccines?
You're crazy, the crazy moms, whatever.
And they thought it was kind of a joke and we just would not go away.
We just kept coming back.
We kept coming back.
I would not go away until that exemption form was gone and parents were able to exercise their right to just write their own exemption statement.
And like we just would not give up.
It doesn't matter how much they laugh at you, all the things like we were just coming back every year.
And to Dr. Andrea's point, I wanted to say something that we do here that I think would be fantastic to replicate in every state
is health freedom Idaho every year at the beginning of the legislative session we do a capital training day, and we misty and I spend the whole day at the capital, and I do a tour of the entire building.
All the way from committee hearing rooms up to the galleries to the Senate floor the House floor the governor's office the Attorney General's office I give people an entire tour of the whole capital.
And then we do a mock committee hearing.
where I have a committee of real legislators who volunteer for me, and they will hear a bill draft usually it's one of our real health freedom Idaho bills, and I presented so that you know the people and a lot of times it's kids like it's a lot of school groups and homeschool groups and homeschool co ops and all these kids that come, but also adults, and they are a lot of people that have just moved to Idaho that are new here.
And they will come and we teach them how to interact with the committee and how to give testimony.
And we let them get up and practice, and especially with the kids, but anybody that wants to, I stand up there with them and I walk them through it and teach them the Roberts rules and the Mason's rules and how to speak through the chairman.
Because for us in the beginning, that was such a huge anxiety point was it's just nerve wracking the first few times you get up there to speak to a committee.
But just, of course, practice.
gets you there.
And so it makes it so that you can make a difference, even if you're not an expert.
And then I do another tour in the afternoon.
So it ends up being a whole day.
And it really brings people together that are health freedom minded, people that are new to the state, people that want to get involved and don't know how.
And of course, at that point, we have them all sign up to join our email list.
And we ask them, what are you good at?
If you want to contribute, tell us what you're good at.
And we will plug you in where we need help.
And it's all kinds of skill sets that the health freedom movement needs.
I mean, we need writers and editors and cartoonists and event coordinators.
I mean, you name it, like we can use your help.
And so that's one of the ways that we've really gotten a lot of people involved and more familiar with our capital and with the process.

[SPEAKER_03]
You have the blueprint to be successful in all the other shows.

[SPEAKER_01]
Write the book, how we did it.

[SPEAKER_04]
I actually am working on a book.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yes, you're working on a book.
I will buy your book.

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay, I want to just chime in to for people who think a lot of people was different or Idaho's this or that.
Well, Misty and Sarah, they were in there in the most populous part of the state over and Boise and that's 3 hours from me and you have a.
You have a bigger population that's fairly engaged.
I live in a place called Blaine County and.
Um, I not very jokingly call it the people's Republic of Blaine because they were so insane.
We were the first to lockdown, the first to do everything.
We had mask mandates much longer than anybody else.
I mean, we had our, one of our police departments, there's four towns in our area.
He actually issued, um, posted on Facebook that if people didn't start complying with the mask mandate, he was going to start arresting them.
Like this is what was going on over here, whereas that wasn't happening in their area.
Yeah, I was throwing big parties I would have people people were afraid because you know, they're being told to be afraid and so I was having huge parties in my backyard with 150 or 200 people and inviting everybody who wanted to come and
and resist what was going on.
And they would all come and I would hug them all and they would cry.
And my point is that it's not like Idaho is just totally monolithic.
There was, you know, disparate reactions and treatments.
Our four towns, they kept mask mandates in a long time.
They, you know, had the dots everywhere.
The kids were having to use plexiglass and all this crap.
And I mean, it was very insane in some parts of the state.
And that- Okay.

[SPEAKER_01]
But, but if you were on a zoom call, you didn't have to wear a mask, right?

[SPEAKER_02]
That's true.
I don't think so.
I don't think you had to wear a mask on a zoom.

[SPEAKER_01]
That would be over the top.
But it's like, I wouldn't be surprised if somebody had a role like that.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, but my point is that this disparity, actually, that juxtaposition is actually positive when you're going and talking to your legislature because it shows, well, did they have different outcomes?
No.
And did we really have to everybody go down this path?
No.
And this was lunacy, sheer lunacy.
And we're not going to do it again.
And so I think in some ways, I mean, my own father, he was 82 years old.
He was escorted out of the grocery store for not wearing a mask.
He had a heart condition.
And some big guy in the grocery store said, we don't care about your exemption.
And so all of these violations of the most basic and fundamental human right, the right to direct our own bodies and our own wellbeing,
actually aided us in the endeavor of getting the bill over the line because it helped the legislature to really appreciate just how bad it was in some places and why it was so necessary to ensure it never happened again.
I mean, I have friends who were fired from Zenergy, our local health club.
They'd worked there for 20 years.
They wouldn't get a shot.
And they wouldn't wear a mask to show that they were you know, the great unwashed.
There were kids who were fired from their jobs for not getting shots literally it was like insane.
And I was thrown out of a health food store.

[SPEAKER_01]
So, so Leslie, do you think this will happen again?
Like, if there is, is COVID, you know, not, instead of COVID-19, COVID-26, you know, do you think that we will see a repeat?
If there's a new virus and it's like exactly the same thing that we saw before, do you think that it's going to be just a replay of COVID-19 or do you think that people are mostly going to ignore it?
Are people going to comply?
Are people going to rebel if there's a mask mandate in your town?
Because you're like the worst.
What would happen if there's a repeat of this in your town?
Would they bring it back and say, okay, social distancing, lockdowns, mask mandates, everybody's got to get vaccinated?

[SPEAKER_02]
What will happen now?
They can't Steve.
They can't anymore.

[SPEAKER_01]
Right, right, right.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, but yes, I mean, listen, there are there's a there's saying I get on the airplane here locally and there's still people who are masking.
There's still people who are doing all that.
It's it's you know, it's a lot of people from San Francisco from the Bay Area from Seattle, LA, New York, DC who come here because I live in a ski resort, you know, the oldest ski resort in the nation.
And so there's a lot of those kind of big city people who come here and
You get that sort of that element and they're very concerned.
I mean, they were like yelling at the mayor.
I want to be safe when I go and get my latte, you know.

[SPEAKER_01]
You know, I'm looking for that business that has a sign on the outside of the business saying no masks allowed.
You know, wouldn't that be great?
Yeah.
I was still looking for that.
It's only my dream.

[SPEAKER_03]
I think there was someone in New York and they, uh, they, they got shut down by the department of health.
I think a restaurant owner in New York or a gym owner as well.

[SPEAKER_01]
They tried to shut down because they said no masks.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
I go back and look in my archives, but I'm pretty sure, uh, how, how is that possible?

[SPEAKER_01]
Because the businesses are supposed to have like, you know, control over who goes into business.
They can make, they should be able to make any roles they want.

[SPEAKER_03]
They had the mandates hardcore in New York city.

[SPEAKER_01]
Oh, the mandates for it.

[SPEAKER_10]
I see.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_02]
Honeyton beach where Tony's restaurant.
Literally wouldn't serve someone who came in in a mask.
Wasn't that that place?

[SPEAKER_01]
That's so cool.

[SPEAKER_10]
Lava hotspot in Idaho as well.
They had those signs up.
It was great.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, I got a drop here, but Livio, you can continue on in my absence.

[SPEAKER_03]
I'll take over.
And thank you, Steve, for being here.
I'm going to play a video that you shared on X at the end of the show tonight.
So everyone hang in there.
This will be Steve's closing video tonight.

[SPEAKER_01]
Which video are you sharing?

[SPEAKER_03]
The Peter marks video that you shared on X from face.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
Peter marks, man.

[SPEAKER_03]
What that guy's closed with a little propaganda on, uh, later at the end of the show.
But thank you, Steve.
I have one last question that Jeannie wants is dying to hear the answer to.
And this is, do you think the massacre at Ruby Ridge had anything to do with your success and the openness of your legislature to entertain these ideas?

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, I've never thought about the Ruby Ridge incident in relation to what we've done, but I don't know.
I don't know.

[SPEAKER_02]
I guess I would say, I think that what incidents like that have done is to instill a sense of skepticism about government in the average Idahoan.
And I mean, the average Idahoan is fairly liberty oriented, and that's only becoming increasingly so because if you look at who's moving into the state in the last six, seven, eight years,
4 to 1, they are people moving here for freedom.
They're moving here for our vaccine laws.
They're moving here for other things for the open spaces and just the general kind of liberty.
There's a shrinking percentage of the population want government authority.
And so I think that Ruby Ridge and things like that have definitely added to that.
I mean, you know, we have, if you look at the northern part of the state, I mean, they do not want to be messed with in any way.
And that's actually encroaching.
Now it's starting to spread much more in the southern part of the state too.
And I think, I don't know if Ruby Ridge has done that, but certainly COVID did.
And so it's kind of, it's just the whole state.
I mean, we're on fire.
Idaho is on fire.
We banned mask mandates.
We banned all medical mandates.
We passed a bill, we restricted the health district's authority.
I mean, what else am I missing you guys?
We've done, and you know, people are fired up about this and our governor I think is kind of like, he's not, he is not in our camp, folks, but he's having you do it because the political winds have shifted so much.

[SPEAKER_03]
And your real estate values are going through the roof.
I understand.
Cause somebody moving there.
So, uh, before I let you go, how can our audience find you?
I'll start with Leslie and Sarah and Misty where, where can we find and track your continued success and progress?

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, we are on we have 2 separate organizations, but we are very much a team in so many ways.
I am the founder and president of health freedom defense fund and we do things more on the national level.
And so, you know, we health freedom defense fund.
You can find it health freedom defense dot.
We're the ones who stopped the mask mandate.
I think I said that earlier and.
So, we try and educate all Americans about the ethical principle of informed consent and the imperative of medical freedom.
Because it's the most basic of human rights and fundamental of human rights.
And so that's our kind of work and you can find me at just Leslie on all social media.
and follow our work and so we educate and then we advocate and we also litigate in order to protect people's rights.
And I'm on the board also of Health Freedom Idaho so super excited to be able to do kind of both.
I have two hats.

[SPEAKER_03]
And if Jana could put those in the chat as well that'd be great so people can copy and paste those and we'll put them on our website as well.
And how about you Misty?

[SPEAKER_10]
So you can go to healthfreedomidaho.com and you can find all the information there.
We have just a lot of information that any state can use regarding vaccines or a lot of other different things too.
And we're also on the board, Sarah and I are on the board of Health Freedom Defense Fund.
So we definitely work closely together.
I'm so grateful for this health freedom dream team we have in Idaho.
Luvio, I'm wondering if I can speak to activists about the attack on daycares.
If you don't mind me taking just a minute about that.

[SPEAKER_03]
Please do.

[SPEAKER_10]
So our governor had vetoed the bill, and what I saw happen before he vetoed the bill was the Idaho Education Association came out against the bill.
And they said, well, we're really concerned that sick children won't be able to be sent home, right?
So we're against the bill.
So then the governor vetoed it basically on that premise.
So it looked to me like the Idaho Education Association had kind of given him the cover he needed to veto it.
Well, then when Senator Dan Foreman brought the bill with the daycare carve out, we were all like, why would he do that?
It doesn't have anything to do with what the governor said he needed to see.
And so I started thinking, well, why the daycares?
What are the what's the big daycare in Idaho?
Well, Sarah had had that experience with numerous and daycare and the vaccine issue.
So I thought, okay, New Horizon Daycare, while I look them up, I'm trying to find them on the Idaho Secretary of State website.
They're not there.
Come to find out they're the largest daycare in America, private.
As we know, they're not really private through licensure.
And then they're the largest in Idaho.
So I thought, okay, well, who's New Horizon Daycare and are they connected at all to any of these education lobby groups?
And I found that they are.
So Chad Dunkley is the son of Sue Dunkley who started New Horizon Daycare and Kinderberry Hill Child Development Centers, okay?
So they go together.
And so Chad, he's been on all these different boards, right?
The Minnesota Child Care Association and the National Association for the Education of Young Children.
So then when you're seeing the marriage of the daycare, kind of like taking cover under the education lobbies,
So I can see clearly that the education lobbies are working against this and going at it through the daycares, right?
Because like Leslie pointed out, this is a real big pharma cash cow at that age.
Right?
So then we found out, well, Sarah remembered that there was a Supreme Court case happening in Idaho, and then Leslie found out it's happening in May and it involves new horizon daycare.
So they wanted this carve out because they want to be able to vaccinate daycare kids.
Right.
And they wanted it in time for their Supreme Court case so that they would find in their favor of being able to require vaccines to go to daycare.
So there's a real attack on our daycare kids, you guys, and just I want to shout out to all the other health freedom activists that we have to do pretty much what Leslie and Sarah and I did, which is to say absolutely not.
We're not going to allow this on our kids and our daycare kids.
And I think really that.
that there's something to do with this new horizon daycare.
So keep an eye out.
I think Minnesota just lost their vaccine exemptions and these Chad Dunkley, they're from Minnesota and they just lost their exemptions for daycare.

[SPEAKER_03]
That isn't so insidious, but it makes perfect sense because they want to start jabbing our babies pretty much out of the womb.

[SPEAKER_02]
So here's the thing.
They're holding those children hostage because any parent who all day cares are private, almost all day cares are private.
And if a parent's parents want to work,
have to put their children in daycare and so basically they're able to ransom those children in order for the adults to purchase their ability to earn a living.
It's insane.
It's so cruel.
I mean it's truly evil.
I really believe it's evil.

[SPEAKER_03]
I knew there were national chains but New Horizons I've heard of from all the different states that I've been in and it just hit me when Missy was saying this that they're everywhere and they gobble up like any big corporation all the independent private ones as well.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, it's really important for even states that have strong exemptions like we do because that was I mean, we always thought it was fine because we have great exemption laws and it's all medical and philosophical and religious and everything.
But that case before the Idaho Supreme Court is the argument is yes, as a parent, you can you can write an exemption statement.
That's fine.
But as a quote unquote private daycare, they don't have to honor it.
So it's interesting that the exemptions, even when you think they're rock solid, it'll be interesting to see how the court rules on this.

[SPEAKER_03]
And you can't un-jab your, your kid once they get it.
So once they get past the daycare, that is just, thank you for sharing that, Missy.
That was, there's a lot, a lot more work to do.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.
There's a lot more research here too.
So anybody, like I did just some preliminary research and was able to find that out.
I bet there's a lot more here people can dive in on.
Yeah, very much so.

[SPEAKER_03]
Oh yeah, definitely.
Dr. Nazarenko, where can we find you and follow your work?
And you're muted.

[SPEAKER_07]
There we go.
There we go.
Am I can you hear me?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, you're good now.

[SPEAKER_07]
Okay.
I'm on X as Dr. Andrea PhD on most of the socials with the same handle, or you could go to global health project dot org.
I both Kat and I are part of the founding board along with.
some rockstar board members, and we are all about amplifying the voice of the people, particularly as it bridges between the people's perceptions, people's voice, and policy making.
And so follow us on all of our social channels.
If you go to the website, globalhealthproject.org, you can find where we live, and we would love to follow so you could be part of the positive movement of change.

[SPEAKER_03]
Thank you so much, every one of you for all the work that you've done and continue to do and congratulations on this victory with hopefully more to follow.

[SPEAKER_07]
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_03]
Thank you for being here tonight.
And everyone else hang in there.
I got a few announcements to make.
And again, thank you and good night to all of you lovely women.

[SPEAKER_10]
Appreciate you so much.
Thank you for having us.

[SPEAKER_02]
Thank you so much.
So great to be with you.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_03]
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
Okay well as we wrap up tonight's episode I want to take a moment to remind you that as usual VSRF is a 501c3 nonprofit.
I'm going to pop up the screen and everything we do from hosting these weekly webinars and producing vital education content to providing a platform for truth relies entirely on your generous support.
Our mission is to amplify the voices of the vaccine injured, challenge the mainstream narrative, and demand real medical transparency.
And if you believe in this fight, I ask you to stand with us.
Every donation, no matter the size, fuels this movement and keeps the truth alive.
Visit vacsafety.org backslash donate or text VSRF 253-555 to contribute.
And I know these are challenging times for many.
but if you're enjoying the work and want to support us any amount will do and help and also there's another way you can get one of these defeated the mandates t-shirts at our website at backsafety.org in the shop and Janet will put the link where you can get this really cool t-shirt if you want to contribute that way next week we have another powerful episode
As we welcome Dr. Jordan Vaughn, he'll dive into the critical topic of spike induced brain injury, including prion disease, brain bleeds, various forms of dementia and more.
And yeah, Dr. Jordan Vaughn is an awesome, awesome human.
And you don't want to miss this episode coming up next week.
And now, as we sign off tonight, I want to leave you with a clip of Peter Marks on Face the Nation.
Steve posted this earlier on Xtoday with Peter Marks reacting to RFK Jr.'s call to investigate the cause of autism.
Mark says, we don't know how many of those autism cases are true.
The piece that I will put to you that I will not accept as a cause of autism is the MMR vaccine, or for that matter, any of the other vaccines we use.
Once again, it's anything but the vaccines.
That's what they keep telling us.
We don't know what it is.
We just know what it's not.
And I'm hopeful that Bobby will continue to expose and bring out the truth.
We'll see how that continues to roll.
So enjoy or try not to get too upset at this closing clip tonight on from Peter Marks on Face the Nation.
Thank you all for being here tonight.
Really appreciate you and hope to see you again next week.
Have a great rest of your evening.
Good night.

[SPEAKER_06]
I want to talk to you about some of what happened during COVID as well, but to follow up on particularly the MMR vaccine, you know where I'm going next, the allegations of that specific vaccine and links to autism.
Many parents probably know ASD diagnosis rates are on the increase in this country.
The CDC says the current numbers are one in 36 American children.
This is a very broad spectrum of neurodevelopmental disorders.
There's no established cause.
But yesterday, on Thursday, the HHS Secretary Kennedy said he's got hundreds of scientists from around the world working on it.
And he promised this.

[SPEAKER_00]
By September, we will know what has caused the autism epidemic and we'll be able to eliminate those exposures.

[SPEAKER_06]
That gives tremendous hope to a lot of people.
Do you know anything about that ongoing research?

[SPEAKER_05]
I know a minimal amount of effort that's going on to try to relook at prior autism research, but I'm not aware of what is being discussed there.
And I would just say the following.
So I'm somebody who in my career as a physician taking care of patients, and there are people probably who are hearing me now who know that I cared for leukemia patients for a significant number of years.
Giving people false hope is something you should never do.
You can be incredibly supportive of people, but giving them false hope is wrong.
Unless someone—unless somebody actually knows the answer or has a pretty good idea of the answer right now or thinks they have a good idea of the answer, I don't see how one could have—as a scientist, I'm not speaking about anything.
If you just ask me, as a scientist, is it possible to get the answer that quickly?
I don't see any possible way.
And remember, you're talking to the person who came up with Operation Warp Speed for vaccines.
Autism is an incredibly complicated issue.
So we have the issue of diagnosis bias.
We don't know how many of those cases are true, how much of this is true growth of autism, how much of this is just that we now have diagnostic criteria and we diagnose it more often.

[SPEAKER_06]
You're saying, just to be clear here, because you hear Secretary Kennedy often compare rates now to when he was a child.
What you are saying is that the broad array of things under that ASD umbrella has only widened.
So it's a much narrower category than what it is now.

[SPEAKER_05]
And I'm not denying that there could be environmental, and we know there are probably genetic features.
There have been publications in scientific journals.
There are genetic and environmental possibilities here.
But the totality of all these interactions and sorting out this incredible complexity, to try to do that in six months' time, my calculation of how many months it is till September, you can help do that, but six months' time,

[SPEAKER_06]
Unless you're buying research from somebody else who's already in the midst of it.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_06]
I mean, is that credible way to come to a conclusion?

[SPEAKER_05]
He may be aware of a bunch of research that I'm not aware of, and that's why I'm going to be respectful here.
You know something?
I'd love to hear it presented.
But the piece, though, that I will put to you that I will not accept as a cause of autism
is the MMR vaccine or for that matter any of the other vaccines we use because we've studied them in so many millions of children.
