[SPEAKER_08]
Thursday on DSRF Live, we're joined by Apache pilot and Afghanistan veteran.

[SPEAKER_01]
We mute whoever that is.

[SPEAKER_08]
His career took a sharp turn after he refused the COVID-19.

[SPEAKER_14]
I walk the streets of Japan till I get lost Cause it doesn't remind me of anything With a graveyard tan and carrying a cross It doesn't remind me of anything I like studying faces and parking lots
and backwards in the fall, cause it doesn't remind me of
Cause it doesn't remind me of anything I like gospel music and candy bars Cause it doesn't remind me of anything I like colorful clothing in the sun Cause it doesn't remind me of anything I like hammering nails and speaking in tongues Cause it doesn't remind me of anything
Excuse me.

[UNKNOWN]
Wow wow wow wow

[SPEAKER_14]
I like playing in the sand what's mine is

[SPEAKER_08]
Tonight on VSRF Live, we're joined by Apache pilot and Afghanistan veteran Duncan Searsie, whose military career took a sharp turn after he refused the COVID-19 shot while serving in the Utah Army National Guard.

[SPEAKER_11]
I joined the military in 2017 and became an Apache pilot for the Utah Army National Guard.
I deployed with my unit to Afghanistan in 2020.
Shortly after returning home, all soldiers in the military were ordered to take an EUA, Emergency Use Authorization, COVID-19 vaccine.
As mandating experimental treatments goes against Title X, US Code 1107, I simply refused the order.
They attempted coercion, bribery, and threats to try to get me to take it.
In April of 2021, I was grounded and no longer allowed to fly.
I also refused to participate in the EUA COVID-19 testing, so then they shut off my pay and took away my benefits.

[SPEAKER_08]
Good evening, everyone, and welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm your host, Livio Sanchez.
Thank you for being with us here tonight.
We have an incredible guest joining us.
Chief Warrant Officer 2, Duncan J. Searcy, an AH-64D Apache pilot, Afghanistan veteran, and military whistleblower.
His career took a dramatic turn when he refused the COVID-19 jab while serving in the Utah Army National Guard.
His decision and the video he shared about it brought national attention and sparked an important conversation about mandates, accountability, and military service.
Tonight, he'll share his journey from cockpit to controversy, why he chose to speak out, and how those experiences are shaping his vision for local politics today.
And later in the show, we'll also hear from Michael Kane, Director of Advocacy at Children's Health Defense, and Sujata Gibson, New York Attorney and Outside Counsel for CHD.
They'll discuss the upcoming CHD conference, Grace's Law, and religious exemptions.
But before we get started, it's my honor to bring on VSRF, Vaccine Safety Research Foundation founder, Steve Kirsch.
Steve, welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_07]
I'm great.
I've been working on this K-core algorithm that I invented for a while now, and I finally cleaned up all the loose ends, and the results are quite stunning.
It's a dose-dependent mortality effect.
It's huge, and it's undeniable.
So I'm really thrilled.

[SPEAKER_08]
How are you, Livio?
I'm in a good mood, but not as accomplished as you fit, you know, getting even further on K-Core.
I mean, that's great news.
Now, is it still valuable for your bet?
Is that something that you used in that?

[SPEAKER_07]
Now, I'm going to have a bunch of epidemiologists and data scientists validate the method.
It's up on my GitHub now.
It's in the K-Core, K-C-O-R repo on S.Kersh.
on GitHub.
And so everything's there.
Everything can be replicated.
The algorithm is there.
The data is there.
People can run it and see for themselves that this is unbelievable.
There was no statistically significant benefit from the vaccines.
for any of the doses.

[SPEAKER_08]
I'm going to, at the very end of the show, I'm going to play a montage of Bobby RFK Jr. during his Senate testimonies yesterday, where he was getting grilled by all these, I like to call them farmishills, but yeah, these other senators, but K core sounds like something like they're going to need to see.

[SPEAKER_07]
Oh, yeah, I emailed Bobby as soon as I got the final result.
But I co-developed it with ChatGPT, and ChatGPT is all over how great it turned out.

[SPEAKER_08]
When will this be available for people or anyone?

[SPEAKER_07]
Available now.
Available now for anyone.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, it's right on my GitHub.
OK, so if Janet could put that in the link, if you're curious.
Well, very well documented.
Uh, yeah, we'll get that in the, in the chat link.
Now, before we get onto our guests, we have an announcement to make Steve and we have, as everyone knows, it's been watching the show.
We've had a raffle for the Super Palm 1050 handheld therapeutic red light device from Sunpower LED created by photo medicine pioneer Tom Kerber, the amazing device that helps with pain, inflammation, arthritis, neuropathy, even sleep issues, which normally sells for $1,900.
But thanks to Tom's generous donation, we have a winner tonight.
I'm going to put it up on the screen so that Steve, would you do the honor of sharing the name of the winner?

[SPEAKER_07]
Yes, the winner is Dina Oh, and for privacy reasons, we're obscuring her last name.
Congratulations.

[SPEAKER_08]
Congratulations, Dina.
And what a fantastic, fantastic gift or prize.
I'm going to give a little applause here if you can hear that.
But that's a really, I'm a little jealous.
I'm going to have to try to save up and get myself one of those because it's a fabulous device and I've seen it demoed.
So congratulations, Dina.
And also thank you to everyone who entered.
We, it was our most successful raffle to date.
So we really appreciate everyone who entered and and gave for the vaccine safety research foundation.
It helps us continue the work that we're doing.
So we are very grateful for everyone who entered.
And again, congratulations to Dina.
Oh,
Now, also a quick heads up for those of you in the New York City or the surrounding area, mark your calendars for September 13th.
That's when Dr. Pierre Corey will be joining Steve Kirsch.
Let me get this up on the screen now because we want to also remind people about the upcoming debate.
Here it comes.
Bear with me.
Here we go.
That's when Pierre Corey, our founder, Steve Kirsch, will be going head-to-head in a vaccine debate against debunked the funks Dr. Dan Wilson and quote, unquote, Professor Dave Farina.
It's going to be a lively can't miss event.
Tickets are still available, but they're going fast and it will drop the link in the chat.
So grab yours now and I'll be there as well.
And I'd love this chance to meet some of you in person.
So if you're in the
In the vicinity, please come that September 13th in the Bronx.
Also, we've got a special promo code for those of you who have not purchased tickets yet.
And Janet's going to put this link in the chat.
I've got an old graphic, so it's not on there, but the promo code is.
Pang, P-A-N-G, the number 50, five zero, vaccine.
Pang, 50, vaccine.
That's good for 50% off your ticket.
So don't wait, get yours before it sells out.
Get it as soon as possible and hope to see you there.
Now, let's bring on our guest.
Now, before I bring on our guest, Steve, he created this viral video.
And I want to set up before I introduce him, I'm going to play the first part of that video, which actually sets up what we're about to talk about.
So here.
comes.
You'll see Duncan on the screen, and then I'll introduce him, but I'm going to start by playing this video.

[SPEAKER_11]
Chief Foreign Officer 2, Duncan J. Searcy, the intended audience.
I am Chief Foreign Officer 2, Duncan J. Searcy.
The intended audience of this video is Congress, and I claim whistleblower status in accordance with Title X, US Code 1034.
I understand that making this video in my uniform is a very serious decision.
For the past four years, I have tried to rectify my situation the correct way through my chain of command.
I have submitted an Inspector General complaint.
I have attempted resolution through my congressman, Burgess Owens.
I have lost faith in my entire chain of command, including the Adjutant General Boyack, who has lied on an official memorandum sent to my congressman.
My commander in chief, Governor Cox, who signed off on the COVID-19 policies in 2021 for which my career is being destroyed,
currently stands accused of election interference by his opponent, Phil Lyman.
This video is not intended to be insubordinate, but I am demanding accountability from my leaders.
I joined the military in 2017 and became an Apache pilot for the Utah Army National Guard.
I deployed with my unit to Afghanistan in 2020.
Shortly after returning home, all soldiers in the military were ordered to take an EUA, Emergency Use Authorization COVID-19 vaccine.
As mandating experimental treatments goes against Title X, US Code 1107, I simply refused the order.
They attempted coercion, bribery, and threats to try to get me to take it.
In April of 2021, I was grounded and no longer allowed to fly.
I also refused to participate in the EUA COVID-19 testing, so then they shut off my pay and took away my benefits.
I was required to miss my civilian employment and drill with my unit with no pay on multiple occasions as ordered by Colonel Noe Vasquez, which caused me even greater financial hardship.
I defaulted on my military retirement loan because I no longer had the funds to pay what I owed.
I was forced to drop out of my local university where I was studying to become a pilot for the airlines because they turned off my educational benefits.
Around this time, I was also going through a devastating separation and divorce with my spouse.
My mental health and finances were a mess and I was forced to move myself and my two small children into my parents' unfinished basement, where we still reside today.
At a time when I needed my brotherhood for support, I was ostracized, labeled, and discarded.
And no, I'm not starting a GoFundMe.
My pride doesn't allow for me to accept charity.
I will make my own way.
What I want is a pound of flesh.
I want accountability.

[SPEAKER_08]
uh... duncans you see welcome to the sRF live it's an honor to have you here this evening how are you sir i'm doing great thank you so much liveo and i gotta say thank you for that awesome introduction i'm so glad you didn't ask me to write one because it was way better than anything i could have come up with so yeah i want to read your bio before we get started uh... you are a chief warrant officer too
an AH-64D Apache pilot, Afghanistan veteran, and a military whistleblower.
You gained national attention after standing up to the Biden administration and Governor Cox's unlawful military COVID-19 vaccine mandates for soldiers.
After feeling let down by leadership, you chose to step up as a public servant, not a politician.
Now you're running for mayor of Eagle Mountain, pledging to give back nearly your entire mayoral salary to city programs.
You're passionate about improving infrastructure, expanding recreation, and building more opportunities for families in your community.
You're also the owner of Utah Elite Soccer and Frostbite Foods, a licensed helicopter pilot, and a soldier who deployed to Afghanistan in 2020.
You like to describe yourself as a Christian soldier, whistleblower, entrepreneur, and in your own words, the Utah National Guard's least favorite warrant officer.
Again, welcome to VSRF Live.

[SPEAKER_12]
Thank you so much.
Yeah, I got to preface this and say that normally this would never happen.
A soldier would never put on a uniform and do something like this.
I feel that this is so important and it's upholding my oath that I took to the Constitution.
That's why I decided to wear my uniform for this interview.
I understand the implications.
I know that probably some officers are watching this right now and maybe people at home are cringing.
But I feel it is very important.
I also normally, when a soldier does this type of an interview, they'll say something like, my views don't necessarily reflect the DOD.
I'm not.
I'm not going to say that because I am a truth speaker.
And if what I have to say tonight doesn't align with the values of the DOD, honestly, they should.
And so that's kind of why I'm speaking up today.

[SPEAKER_08]
Thank you for your bravery and for doing what works best for you and their service to the country.
I really appreciate that what we're going to do tonight.
I'm going to step aside and have you and Steve talk, but we're going to keep playing pieces of your video.
Throughout the conversation because I think it keeps setting up context you and I spoke before the show So it'll help you reference some of what you talked about during that video So Steve go ahead and take it away, and then I'll come back to play sections of the video

[SPEAKER_07]
I gotta say, I have never seen anyone as courageous as you are in the military.
I don't know of anyone who has done what you have done.
Am I mistaken?
Are there dozens of people and I just don't know about them or are you the only one?

[SPEAKER_12]
I'm sure there's more.
My video
Glory to God went viral and so I have a lot more exposure than others do, I would assume.
There is a core group that is really pushing back and has been fighting this continually.
My situation is a little bit unique in that they didn't kick me out when
They said they were going to, and then right before I was set to be discharged, the vaccine mandate was rescinded.
And so I've just been in limbo.
I've remained in service since 2022 when all this went down.
And because I took such a strong stance, they don't want me anymore.
They want to get rid of me.

[SPEAKER_07]
What have your peers said about this?
The people that you worked with day to day, did they talk to you about what's happened?
And they say, I agree with you, but don't tell anyone.
I want to keep it secret.
I don't want to get kicked out too.
Or are they silent?
Or are they telling you that you're doing the wrong thing and so forth?
What's their reaction?

[SPEAKER_12]
There's a large variety, and it depends on if the soldier is a commissioned officer, a warrant officer, or enlisted.
I've had positive in all three groups, but I will say for the most part, the commissioned officers are not supportive.
I'm the black sheep.
They don't want to talk with me.
They don't want to engage with me.
The warrant officers, which I'm a warrant officer, we don't lead soldiers who are subject matter experts in our field.
I would say the warrant officers have been 50-50, and the ones that are very supportive and kind in checking in with me
I've always told them, hey man, I understand I'm the black sheep.
So like if you need to pretend we don't know each other, don't worry about it.
It reminds me I was at drill a few months ago and we had a meeting and I sat next to an officer and he looked at me and he got up and he moved to a different seat and looked at me again.
And so that's kind of some of the animosity I'm dealing with.
The enlisted soldiers, I would say, are definitely more supportive.
It's silent support.
They'll get my eye contact in the hallway and give me a little nod or in private.
They'll take me aside and say, hey, man, I really appreciate what you're doing.
And so there's a wide mix.
I'd say I definitely have more support amongst enlisted soldiers and warrant officers compared to commission officers.

[SPEAKER_07]
And for those people who don't know what the distinctions are between those three categories, could you explain that?

[SPEAKER_12]
Absolutely.
So a commissioned officer, their main job normally is to lead soldiers.
There are some exceptions.
You have officers that are lawyers, Jags, and medical personnel.
But for the most part, the commissioned officer is the one that has the authority over the soldier that leads them, that gives them commands.
The warrant officer in the Army, it's unique.
Not all branches have a warrant officer, but we are subject matter experts.
So we do play a leadership role.
Let me set the example for the enlisted, but we don't.
you know, give them reviews or things like that.
We're more subject matter experts.
In aviation, which I'm an aviation as a pilot, there's a lot more warrant officers, but normally warrant officers are extremely rare.
They're the best soldiers in their job that they get to switch from being enlisted to becoming a warrant officer.
And then obviously we have our enlisted personnel.
That's your day-to-day soldier.
They're wonderful.
We need them.
They're the backbone of the military.
They're the only reason the military is still functioning whatsoever in my opinion right now.

[SPEAKER_07]
Now, have any of them changed their positions on the vaccine or in support of you since this whole thing started?
Or do people basically walk into their opinions and they just go forward and nothing you can say or do will change their opinions?
Does anyone change their minds?

[SPEAKER_12]
No, I'd say the people that were supportive of me have been supportive the whole way through.
Once people make up their minds about the issue, it seems that they're locked in and that's where they stay.

[SPEAKER_07]
And what tip you off about the COVID vaccine as being dangerous?

[SPEAKER_12]
There was a lot of things, and I think other people that decided to refuse it would, they understand what I'm saying, you know, they're offering free hamburgers, they're offering lap dances, you know, in the military, they're they're threatening us with a dishonorable discharge, you know,
everything leading up to it was suspicious to me and that's where it began.
And so that's when I started reading regulations and reading the law and reading the white paper on the vaccine.
And what I discovered is what they were ordering me to take was not FDA approved, like I had been ordered.
And so it was kind of a bait and switch.
And to this day, I do not regret my decision whatsoever.
If anything, I am so much more confident now than I was then in my decision.

[SPEAKER_07]
Oh, and you should be.
I've spent close to a year now analyzing this vaccine data from the Czech Republic, and I had to invent a new analysis technique because there wasn't anything in epidemiology that was capable of
analyzing vaccine data because of what's called the healthy vaccine effect, which affects the frailty of the two cohorts, the vaccinated versus the unvaccinated.
And so these traditional epidemiology tools are incapable of
actually telling you whether the vaccine killed more people in it saved or not.
And so I finally got a result actually just yesterday.
I finally refined the algorithm.
And just at the start of the show, I was kind of typing into Grok, because Grok is always super skeptical of anything.
And I said, here's the read me on my GitHub describing the methodology,
And the data set and is, are there any mistakes?
And the answer was, nope, couldn't find any mistakes.
So that was kind of my, this kind of just happened right after the show started that I got that confirmation.
Cause normally Grock is saying, well, I have 12 things wrong with this and you know, here they are.
And then you have to spend a couple of hours convincing Grock that it's wrong.
And so this time I just dumped in the read me file and it said, no, no errors.
So I'm pretty thrilled.
So you did the right thing.
Yeah, the data now is supporting what we've been expecting the whole time.
Yeah.
Yeah, this data makes it super clear.
Every dose you got, it increased your mortality by an equivalent or even higher amount.
For the third dose, it was even worse.
on a per-dose basis than the first two.
But these things are dose dependent.
So if you took one dose, it's like 14% harm.
If you took two doses, it's 30% harm.
If you took three doses, it's way over 45%.
So it's more than linear.
And you did the right thing.
And it's a shame that nobody's listening to you.
So did you talk to any of your commanding officers or officers that are above you in rank?
How many of those officers have you actually engaged with in a conversation
where they actually listened or was it all like saying, hey, you need to do this or we're going to do this to you.
And it was all a one, was it all a one way communication or were they open to listening to that they might be wrong?

[SPEAKER_12]
I'll paint it this way.
I'll tell you how my first battalion commander took it.
So the vaccine mandate came out.
I did my research and I politely invited him to lunch.
And I said, hey, sir, can we sit down?
I want to talk about this.
And we did.
And I said, sir, I want you to understand very clearly that this has nothing to do with your authority.
I'm not being disrespectful to you whatsoever, but I will not be complying with this order to become vaccinated.
And I just want to tell you that man to man straight to your face.
And his response was he laughed.
He laughed out loud.
He said, good luck with that.
You're going to get kicked out.
And I was like, OK, well, I thought a lot of compassion there, huh?
Yeah, exactly.
So that was kind of the first one.
And then it just became increasing and increasing animosity as they suspected that I was not going to comply.
And so the first thing they did is they separated me from my peers.
I thought I was the only person in my whole battalion that refused the vaccine.
I thought I was the only one.
It turns out there were several more.
There were, I believe, two other pilots.
They had both served their service obligation, and so they ended up just resigning to avoid it.
They said, all right, we'll just get out of the military so we don't have to take this.
And then there was several
officers that put in medical and religious exemptions, and I'll explain later why I didn't do that.
I was an outright refusal.
I didn't put any kind of exemption in.
And then there were, I think there was one enlisted that was an outright refusal like me, but I'm not sure what happened there.
They haven't told me, so.

[SPEAKER_07]
Wow.
So how did you find out about the refusers?
They didn't like volunteer.
They didn't volunteer that information, did they?

[SPEAKER_12]
No.
Some of them I knew, and they reached out to me via text message, social media later.
And this was much later.
This was months later.
I thought it was the only one for months.
So I felt like I was being crushed by myself.
And had I known about them,
you know, maybe we would have gotten together and like strategize and said, okay, here, if there's three of three or four of us, we can talk about, you know, the regulation and the law and they'll have to listen to us, but they did a really good job of isolating us.
And so we felt alone.
And so the honest attitude I had at that time, they told me they were going to give me a dishonorably discharge.
I said, okay, go ahead, do it.

[SPEAKER_07]
That's, that's how.
For disobeying an order, is that they're going to give you a dishonorable discharge for disobeying an order on illegal order?
And that's an illegal order, right?

[SPEAKER_12]
And what I realized later is that was a total bluff that I called.
It started, it's going to be a dishonorable discharge, and then, oh, it's going to be other than honorable.
Oh, it's going to be a general discharge.
And then finally, oh, yeah, it's still going to be an honorable discharge.
And so I didn't realize at the time, but I called a major bluff.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, and so basically they can't give you a dishonorable discharge for disobeying an illegal order.
Yes.
So what's wrong with these people that they're giving the enlisted soldiers these orders that are illegal?
Like, how can you morally, ethically even do that?
I mean, and shouldn't they be charged with giving soldiers an order that was illegal?
I mean, shouldn't all of these guys be thrown, you know, in the, in the brink or what's the, what, what, what, what would normally be done?
if a commanding officer gives illegal orders to their troops.

[SPEAKER_12]
Absolutely.
I'll preface this and say that there were a certain percentage that probably were just uninformed and they heard your order to take an FDA approved vaccine and that is lawful.
That's a lawful order.
So there was probably a certain percentage that knew that.
But I think the vast majority knew that this was a bait and switch, that it wasn't truly legal.
And the problem that I see, Steve, honestly, is I believe around half of our officers in the United States military today are morally compromised.
And then I believe the other half are susceptible to being gaslighted and coerced into going along to get along.
Because the military today, to get promoted, you have to be loved by your superiors above you and you need to be loved by the soldiers that you command.
And so you can't step out of line.
You can't be a black sheep and get anywhere in the military.
You won't get promoted.
your career will be ended.
And so I'm very concerned with the state of the military.
Like I said, I have a lot of faith in our enlisted soldiers, and they were put in a very bad decision because their oath is just a little bit different.
They are obligated, it says in their oath, to obey the orders of the officers who are placed over them, obviously still if it's an unlawful order, they should, you know,
They shouldn't comply, but I am concerned and I want Americans to understand that that's going on in our military because if we have leaders who are willing to put fellow soldiers at risk, their health at risk, you know, that are willing to sin against their own body, you think if things get bad, they're going to rise up and protect you from the government.
There might be a few and they'll get hung for treason publicly and the rest of the soldiers in the military will fall in line so fast.
And so I'm deeply concerned that our military could be weaponized and used for tyrannical purposes.
That's part of why I'm taking such a strong stance and speaking out.
We need sweeping reform for sure.

[SPEAKER_07]
Is there anything on the horizon that you think will cause this to change?
Have you been notified of anything that from anyone, any conversation that gives you hope that change will happen, the change that's needed will happen?

[SPEAKER_12]
I have hope, but I'll say I had more hope at the beginning of the start of this administration.
I heard a lot of things said in the inaugural speech that gave me hope, and none of it has come to pass.
and it seems like a lot of it was just lip service.
So I remain hopeful, but I haven't heard anything administratively, anything trickling down from the leaders of our military because they're precisely the ones that enacted this.
They're the ones that are guilty.
And so unless somebody like me stands up to challenge them, I don't
where we can even start with this accountability and this change that needs to happen.
At the very least, field grade officers need to receive a counseling and be like, look, even though you got this order from above, you still need to read the regulation and make sure that what you're ordering your soldiers to do is lawful.
And I do think that those general officers at the top that concocted this plan, they need to be recalled to service.
And there needs to be accountability.
There needs to be trials.

[SPEAKER_07]
So for giving it in normal situations, if you give, if you're a commanding officer and you give an illegal order, would you be reprimanded for that?
Or would you be, would there be some sort of trial or, or, you know, serious allegations leveled again, like what would normally happen?

[SPEAKER_12]
it totally depends on the severity of the order that they gave and what happened you know when soldiers lives are lost or equipment is lost things like that it can get very serious very quickly so at a bare minimum a counseling statement like hey you did something wrong you're going to sign this paperwork and then this goes in your record so that's kind of where it starts and then it can go all the way up to being charged with treason of course so

[SPEAKER_07]
Well, did people die then from this?
Do you know of people who got the vaccine and died shortly thereafter?
Or there were suspicious deaths.
There were no deaths before the vaccine rolled out in the people that you know.
And then after the vaccine rolled out, you saw people unable to fly or grounded because of heart conditions or dead.
Like, what was your personal
view of what happened sort of pre-vaccine versus post-vaccine.

[SPEAKER_12]
I'm not going to out this person, but I want to say this to kind of explain how serious this situation is.
I had one of the pilots afterwards approach me because he was very on the fence about getting the vaccine.
Didn't want to do it, so we had many conversations.
And after he got the vaccine, he approached me and told me that he had had heart palpitations while at the instruments in the helicopter.
And I said, dude, you got to go to the flight surgeon and you've got to get this checked out.
And he said, no, they'll ground me.
They made me take this and I'm not going to stop flying so if anything happens it's going to be on them.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, and there are going to be a few more casualties because of that.
And that's horrible.
That's the wrong thing.
That should not happen.
But it's totally understandable that it does.
This is not the first story I've heard of that.
But have you heard of anyone who died?
And how big is the scope of the number of people that you are close with that you would know if somebody died?
Is it like 100 people or 1000 people?

[SPEAKER_12]
Within the military, nobody in my team died.
How many is your unit?
That's a great question.
There's probably three to five hundred people in my battalion, I would guess, but I'm not quite sure.
So I don't know of anybody that died, but definitely people have developed conditions and things of that nature.
And then of course, we have lots of examples of people, civilians on the civilian side that died.
What the military has going for us is we do maintain a certain minimum of health.
And so we are a healthier demographic.
So hopefully that's kind of helping us fight off whatever this vaccine is doing to our bodies.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, but on the other hand, it's also, I mean, I've heard stories from other, from military flight surgeons that these people that are in the peak of health, and now they're grounded because, you know, something, things have happened to them.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, have you interviewed Lieutenant Colonel Theresa Long?

[SPEAKER_07]
Absolutely.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, she's, she can do that.
That's what I was talking about.
I'm definitely not an expert in the health aspect and the data and that's great that you are.
What I feel like I can speak to is the tyranny and that portion of the conversation.

[SPEAKER_07]
Now have you had any calls from the New York Times, the Washington Post, the LA Times, the Wall Street Journal?
Have any of those media outlets reached out to you?

[SPEAKER_12]
no um and not even local outlets i i did enough in my mayoral race to get people's attention and still still nobody wants to talk to me i'm definitely the black sheep i had the gateway pundit reach out to me about doing a story um but they were waiting to see if my chain of command was going to retaliate before they were going to post any kind of oh wow so
No, nobody, nobody wants to hear from me.
Nobody wants to talk to me.
Uh, it's very, it's interesting.

[SPEAKER_07]
Uh, any, any lawmakers, uh, reach out to you, Marjorie Taylor Greene, um, Senator Ron Johnson, anybody from, uh, from Congress reach out to you.

[SPEAKER_12]
No.
And you'd think with how viral the video went, at least somebody would have seen it, but I have not heard from Joe Rogan.
No, that's a dream.
I love Joe Rogan, but no, I haven't heard from anybody like that.

[SPEAKER_07]
OK, so you haven't really gotten any media exposure on either side of it on the good media and the bad, the red pill media and the blue pill media.
You haven't been getting much coverage.
So I never heard of your story until somebody sent me your video.
And I went over to it, I looked at it, I said, man, this is one soldier who's definitely got courage.
I mean, if there's anybody in the military who has courage, you are the one here to take the stand that you did.

[SPEAKER_12]
Before I posted that video I was full of nothing but fear and I give all the credit to God because he He gave me that message and he strengthened me and gave me the confidence to speak those words So yeah, I
I'm just a nobody.
I'm a regular guy.
I coach my daughter's soccer team.
I have a couple of small businesses.
I love Pokemon.
I'm just a normal human being, but I do believe that you can be an instrument for good if you're willing to let a higher power channel through you and live your life correctly and stand up for what's right.
And that's something I learned from my grandfather, integrity.
He drilled that into me as a young kid on his cattle ranch.
I've done a lot of things wrong in my life, but that is one character trait that I am proud of.
And what you saw was courage, but I was scared, so scared.
What you actually saw was integrity.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, no, quite, quite stunning.
If you had to look back on this and you could make a decision differently,
than what you actually made.
Would you look back on this and say, ah, darn, I wish I had done this or why did I do that?
Or do you look back at it and say, you know, I wouldn't change anything about what I did?

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, there was a few times when I was deep in my frustration that, and let me know if you guys can hear too much dog barky and all.
Yeah, we hear some dogs.
If it gets too much, I can move inside, just let me know.
But there were some times when I was extremely frustrated, and I'll be honest, I was poking the bear.
I was pushing back on my leaders because I wanted a resolution to this issue.
You know, I wanted to stop being in limbo.
I've been in service, but not doing anything for four years.
So, but at the same time with everything that's happened, would I go back and change anything?
I don't think so.
I think God is using me.
Oh, he's using my weaknesses, even for his glory.
And so I don't think that I would change anything, even if I had the opportunity to go back.
I think everything has happened for a reason.
And I'm hopeful that we can get some accountability.

[SPEAKER_07]
So am I.
Would any of your leaders talk to us, if we invited them to be on our show, would any of them accept?

[SPEAKER_12]
I highly doubt it, but you're more than welcome to ask, and I can get those contacts offline.
I'd love to see it if they would, but no, I don't think they would accept it.

[SPEAKER_07]
What would they say?
That they're too busy or that they respectfully decline the invitation?

[SPEAKER_12]
They would tell you that we have something called the public affairs officer that's, you know, their job is to speak to the public and their opinion doesn't matter anyway.
It's the organization and so that's the answer that they would give you.

[SPEAKER_07]
Right, yeah, that sounds pretty typical and the public relations officer then wouldn't go on camera either, right?
Oh, they would, yeah.
They would?

[SPEAKER_12]
Mm-hmm.

[SPEAKER_07]
Livio.
We got to get him on.
Livio.

[SPEAKER_12]
Oh, I just threw somebody under the bus right there.

[SPEAKER_07]
You just did.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, let's get him on.

[SPEAKER_07]
Oh, man.
I'm like really excited now.

[SPEAKER_08]
I want to play another section of Duncan's viral video, speaking of poking the bear.
You speak of some... Well, let me just play it.
It'll speak for itself.
I'm going to play this next section.

[SPEAKER_11]
The vaccine mandate for military members was correct.
The vaccine mandate for military members
was correctly rescinded and because they could no longer kick me out of the military for that, they shifted their focus to kick me out for mental health issues instead.
But my individual situation within the military is just a small symptom of a big sickness that affects all of us.
We are currently ruled by a cabal or ruling class that consists of greedy executives, woke generals,
corrupt politicians and satanic celebrities.
Their goal is to constantly pit us against one another based upon our skin color, our religion, our class status, and our politics all for their gain.
They create false flags to send your children to foreign countries to die for profit.
They poison our food, water, and medicine for population control.
They slowly whittle away at our basic God-given rights.
They distract us with music, movies, and fashion to rot our brains.
And they hate us.
They see us as cattle.
It's dumb, disgusting, easily controlled, but useful.
Personally, I am fed up, and I am asking my people, the American people, to rise up with me within the bounds of the law and take back our country.
Our security, our economy, and our American dream.
And if our politicians stand in our way, we will remove them and elect new ones to fight for us.
The answer is not murdering CEOs on the street.
Our system may be broken, but it can be rebuilt peacefully if we work together.
Your party cannot save you.
Both sides are used by this elite class.
We should all brace for terror attacks, mass shootings, technology failure, and economic collapse.
The ruling class will not go down without playing every card they have left in their arsenal to retain control.

[SPEAKER_08]
There's a lot for you to unpack there, Steve.
And before I disappear again, I just want to remind our audience, if you have questions for Duncan or Steve, put them in the chat, all caps.
I'm going to come back and ask Duncan several of your questions.
So there's lots unpack there, Steve.
Take it away again.

[SPEAKER_07]
Man, are there any good apples?
there.
Are there any commanding officers that will do the right thing?
It seems like it's not, because if you just like you said, you got to be liked from below and liked from above, and if you get out of line, bam!
It's you're gone.
There were some.

[SPEAKER_12]
They got removed from service.
Like if you don't remember Matt Lohmeyer, this wasn't vaccine related, but he wrote a book on Marxism, you know, infiltrating the military.
I think he was a good one.
They kicked him out.
We've got Brad Miller.
He was an officer in the army and he said, I can't, I can't order my soldiers to take this.
And so he ended up resigning his commission.
So
The problem with this purge is you lost a lot of officers with integrity.
There are some that opposed it, that put in exemptions, but I'll say that that's not the perfect solution either.
The reason I didn't put in an exemption, religious or medical,
is that tells my leader that you do have the authority to order me to take this treatment and I need special preference because I believe in Jesus and Jesus told me not to get this vaccine or I have a medical thing where I'm allergic to vaccines so my doctor is going to tell you that I'm at higher risk than others to take this.
That's not my argument.
My argument was never that I needed special treatment.
My argument was always this is unlawful, it's an illegal order, and nobody should have to comply.
If they want to and you guys want to, you know, put that, push that on the force, go right ahead and do that.
But my argument was never this should be something and I just need an exemption.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah.
So there's like facts don't matter.
It's what comes down from above.
There is no, there's no reasoning.
There's no way for you to reason with any of these people who are causing you to, or, you know, demanding that you do this.
And if you, because they basically have to follow the orders from above, so it's all like trickled down just comes from above and
follow the orders or you're gone.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, it's terrible.
And I think part of it comes from this tough guy mentality.
We stand in a line at boot camp and they inject us with a bunch of vaccines at once and we're tough and a little vaccine, something you inject into me isn't going to do anything to me because I'm strong.
And I was there when I joined.
They injected me with a lot of stuff that I probably would, if talking about going back, I'd like to go back and take some of that back.
But I had the blessing of, I went through flight school and my instructor in the Apache course, he was a retired Apache pilot, very decorated, so many hours, he was a hero.
And at the time I had a daughter and I was kind of talking to different people about vaccines because when you become a parent,
You start worrying about that little needle more.
You know, you hear the rumors that it can cause autism and it can cause all these things.
And for me, you know, a big person, it's not a worry.
You start talking about my perfect little baby.
You know, I'm going to entertain some of these doubts.
So I'm reaching out to family members who are doctors and they're like, oh, no, there's nothing wrong with vaccines.
Go ahead and do it.
Absolutely.
And so I mentioned it to him in passing because I considered him one of my mentors and I respected him deeply.
And he flatlined me.
He said, I'm an anti-vaxxer.
I was like, what?
Like, I love you.
You're a stand-up guy.
You're intelligent.
You're a decorated pilot.
And I was like, it shocked me.
And he was like, yeah, I had a little girl and we took her and we got her vaccines and she started having seizures.
And we took her back to the hospital and he said, Hey, she's having some kind of reaction.
What can you do for us?
And the doctor said, No, that's normal.
They'll go away.
It'll be fine.
And they're sitting there.
This is not normal.
You know, I brought in a perfectly healthy baby girl and now she's convulsing.
There's nothing normal about this.
And
No, just give it some time.
It will pass and it will be fine.
And so from that moment on, he's like, no, I don't trust this.
I'd rather trust God than these people and what they're concocting.
So that planted the seed for me.
That was essential, I think, in my development and in becoming a free thinker.
Because back then, especially in 2019, the whole conspiracy, you believe in all these different things, it was very unpopular.

[SPEAKER_07]
Today a lot of things are coming out and so people are waking up quickly but back then it wasn't popular to believe in stuff like that and so Well the fact that the doctor would say that hey, this is normal I mean that basically says that you give kids vaccines and Shit happens that's not supposed to happen
And they don't put two and two together, do they?
They say, oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I see that all the time.
Well, you shouldn't be seeing any of that.
A safe vaccine should be like injecting saline.
There shouldn't be any effect.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yep, I love, there's a video, I watched it again today, I showed it to a friend.
It's RFK Junior, and he's doing his serious stare, and he's in a doctor's office, and the caption is, the doctor telling me it's safe to give my infant 18 injections, but make sure to introduce only one food at a time, and definitely no honey, don't give him honey.
So it's like, it's crazy, you know, where we've allowed to get it to, the current schedule,
You know, I think it changed in 1989.
Is that correct?
It's out of control.
Like it's crazy.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah.
1986.
Oh, 86.
Yeah.
You're close.
Okay.
Let's, uh, Livio, should we open it up for audience questions?

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.
I actually have a question that I want to ask because you were talking about death.
Steve, you asked a great question about death, but Duncan, how many injured, uh,

[SPEAKER_12]
military members and i know we spoke early you know one particular but how many have you seen that had serious adverse of injuries from the vaccines i don't know that's the scary part because nobody else in the battalion knows about this individual though hopefully they don't do a witch hunt now to try and figure it out who it is but a lot of these issues they're hidden and people they're not happy about their decision so they're not gonna fess up to it and say hey i need help because especially the pilots like
Taking our wings is like a death.
We want to fly.
You know, that's what we want to do.
And so you can't speak up about anything hardly without fear of losing your job.
And so honestly, I don't know.
It's scary.
That's the scary part.
We really don't know the effects of this.
And I don't know when we will.

[SPEAKER_07]
Right.
And it could be all of them.
You know, when you think about it, it could be that one friend that confided in you.
He may be representing everyone.
It's possible.
And we don't know.
And so the military is basically compromising the whole situation by ordering these shots.
I mean, it is absolutely insane.
Now they're not ordering it anymore, right?
There's no more mandate.
There is not.
Why is that?

[SPEAKER_12]
I think they had enough soldiers and DOD contractors sue the government and prove what we knew all along, what we could read black and white that, hey, this wasn't FDA approved.
You can't mandate it.
It's not FDA approved.
Well, we wrote a memo that says the EUA vaccine and the FDA vaccine are interchangeable.
They're the same.
And I'm, no, the vile number is not the same.
And if you read, I read on Pfizer's website, it said,
We will not begin production of the community vaccine until the EUA store vaccines have been completely exhausted.
And that's just good business.
They're not going to expose themselves to liability.
If it's FDA approved and something goes wrong, they can be sued.
But if they have this EUA, now the government is on the hook.
The government is the one that's in charge and Uncle Sam never pays out.
So all those victims, and I'd love to talk about one named Lindy, they have no recourse.
They can't do anything.

[SPEAKER_08]
Terrible.
Just tragic.
So terrible.
Okay, I'm going to ask some audience questions.
First one from Green Steves.
I wonder if this true soldier's children know what a hero their dad is.

[SPEAKER_12]
Thank you so much.
My daughter six, my son is three.
And I like to think that they think I'm a good dad.
Or right now we're in the K-pop demon hunter era and they don't understand what's going on.
But I hope someday they recognize.
But thank you.

[SPEAKER_08]
Question from Dr. Laura.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, so I'm a traditional guardsman and as a pilot you go in a little bit more often than your one time a month just so you can keep up your flight hours.
So at the inception, they told me I couldn't come in because I wouldn't test because it's also an EUA product.
I didn't have to test.
It's the same argument.
They're trying to kick me out for that one now instead of the vaccine since the vaccine was rescinded.
So now one of the reasons they're citing is I wouldn't test.
Well, it's the same thing.
It was an EUA treatment.
You can't mandate it.
So when I refused to take tests, they told me to stay home and they show off my pay.
I could not go in.
I could not make money.
A little bit after that, I complained to some people at headquarters and it got turned on.
I never got a response, so I don't know if that's why they turned my payback on.
So I still get a paycheck.
Currently, I am debarred from all Utah National Guard facilities.
If I step foot on property, I'll be arrested.
And so I'm getting paid to do whatever remote work I can, writing memos, doing paperwork.
They had me read a book and do a book report.

[SPEAKER_07]
So my pay... You're gonna get a... Yeah, you're gonna get arrested if you show up at work?

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah.
Yep.
I am not allowed to step foot on property.
And why is that?
I made some posts, I was just frustrated, and I said too much, probably, and they knew I was not a threat, but they made that an excuse as, oh, this guy's unhinged.
Even our state-level version of the FBI, they investigated me because my chain of command
Complained that I could be an insider threat that I could be one of these guys that shows up to base and kills a bunch of people and it was totally unfounded nothing ever came of it of course But so yeah, I'm not allowed on property whatsoever Wow That is crazy that you'd be arrested for stepping on property a follow-up question to that one is Have you contacted a lawyer?
I have not.
I don't have the financial resources.
I'm just, with my small businesses, I'm just staying afloat and I want a prefaces that I'm not asking for money.
People have asked me to start a GoFundMe.
I won't.
I can't.
My pride won't allow it.
If you are hell-bent on supporting me, I'll ask you to donate in my name to one of my friends, Lindy, who was permanently disabled by the COVID-19 vaccine.
But I'm kind of on this path where
I'm just going to do it myself.
I was given military representation provided, kind of like if you're in a civil court, if you don't have money to hire a lawyer, they'll provide one.
And the quality is just as good as in the civilian world.
I can't get them to respond to me.
They're not interested.
Mind you, these are people that went along with the unlawful mandate.
That's why they're still in service.
They took the vaccine and they didn't bat an eye.
And so they can't relate to the struggle that I'm in, I don't think.
So I'm just going to fight this on my own.
I don't care if they dishonorably discharge.
I don't even care if they put me in prison.
That's how strongly I feel about this and the fact that the general public needs to understand what's happening in the military so we can do a course correction and get it right.
I totally believe in, you know,
Bringing people back to the negotiation table and like I don't want every officer in the military fired But what I do want to see is that we learn from this mistake this not even mistake travesty that we learn from this travesty So that the soldiers that follow after me it doesn't happen to them So you said that of the like a hundred percent of the enlisted people um
Agree with your position with no, I wouldn't say a hundred percent, but a large number I Most of them in my company at least and that's a small samples It's you know 30 40 people in my company very few of them wanted to do it and most of them held out until the very last minute that they're like Okay, you got to do this today right now or else I got to give you a counseling statement and
and they held out as long as they could.
And my heart goes out to them and especially people that had 17 years in service.
They're three years away from retirement.
How can they lose that retirement that they're earning for their family?
Our soldiers got put in a position that's totally unacceptable and it should never, ever happen again.

[SPEAKER_07]
Right.
And they can't speak out because if they did, then they would be terminated.
And they can't afford to do that for their family and other reasons.
It's not going to look good.
So they're basically forced into a position which is untenable.

[SPEAKER_12]
Exactly.

[SPEAKER_08]
What a travesty.
Another follow-up to that from Angel1775, are you aware of Tom Renz, who has anonymous whistleblower medical paperwork of soldier who was given COVID-19 jab experiment in 2015?

[SPEAKER_12]
I'm not.
I'm not aware of that case.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, Thomas, someone we might want to connect you with as well from a legal standpoint.
Great.
Duncan, you are an incredibly brave man and courageous.
I mean, just what you've been through and how you're standing up is just I'm in awe of your bravery and your courage.
And again, I want to thank you for standing up and speaking out and because you're going to help so many and are helping so many behind you.

[SPEAKER_07]
Thank you.
Yeah, absolutely.
What you're doing just paves the way.
It just makes it acceptable for somebody to do what you did.

[SPEAKER_12]
I hope so.
And I want to be very clear, this is a nonpartisan venture I'm on.
I'm not very bullish on either party whatsoever.
In fact, I hate them both.
But I want to make that very clear that nothing about this is political.
It's right versus wrong.
It's good versus evil.
And I hope that by me standing up, we'll have more people that start to speak out.
A lot of people say, well, when you join the military, you sign away your rights.
I don't agree with that.
I don't remember where that happened with my contract.
I swore an oath to the Constitution and the rights that it outlined in there are very clear to me.
And one of those is the freedom of speech.
And I understand that we can't have people speaking out just on a whim because we got to have good order and discipline.
But my argument for that right now is how can we have good order and discipline within the military when our leadership is in shambles?
And they're going to order soldiers to do something that's illegal and against their own interests and damages their health and damages the force.
At some point, somebody's got to speak up and soldiers need to have that confidence that if they do, if it's something that important, that they're going to be protected.
They're not going to be kicked out based on that.

[SPEAKER_08]
Right on.
Duncan, are you available to stick around for a little bit?

[SPEAKER_12]
I sure am.

[SPEAKER_08]
Excellent.
I'm going to transition to our next guest, but before I bring them on, I'm going to play a little promo video for the upcoming Children's Health Defense Conference coming up in November in Austin, Texas.
Here's the promo and then we'll bring on our guests.

[SPEAKER_04]
History doesn't wait.
This is our moment to rise, unite and reclaim our children's health.

[SPEAKER_15]
Join us here in Austin, Texas this November at the Children's Health Defense Conference.

[SPEAKER_03]
In the wake of unprecedented medical overreach and censorship, the world is waking up and people like you are leading the way.

[SPEAKER_00]
We're at a turning point in history with the pandemic behind us.
Our fight for freedom and health has reached the global stage.

[SPEAKER_04]
This is our moment of truth and we're ready to seize it together.

[SPEAKER_10]
And Children's Health Defense has been at the forefront of this charge.
Our 2025 conference brings together the leaders, visionaries and lawyers who made it happen.

[SPEAKER_15]
Meet the parents whose lives were forever changed and hear from doctors who risked everything to speak out.
Stand with those who refuse to be silenced.

[SPEAKER_02]
You are going to hear from world-renowned speakers, doctors and frontline leaders driving the medical freedom movement.

[SPEAKER_03]
discover real-world solutions grounded in science, integrity, and human rights.

[SPEAKER_04]
Join the discussion to talk about vaccines, informed consent, parental rights, and so much more.

[SPEAKER_15]
And you'll of course hear from your favorite CHD personalities, sharing the latest on CHD's research, litigation, and outreach.

[SPEAKER_00]
And while you're there, soak up the energy, culture, and music of beautiful Austin, Texas.

[SPEAKER_10]
Whether you're a parent, a practitioner, or a medical freedom advocate, this is your call to action to protect what matters most.

[SPEAKER_02]
Be part of the movement that is rewriting the story for generations to come.

[SPEAKER_15]
So please join us.
Join us.

[SPEAKER_04]
Join us.
Let's make history together in Austin.

[SPEAKER_08]
Now, I'd like to bring on Michael Cain, Director of Advocacy at Children's Health Defense and New York Attorney Sujata Gibson to talk about the third international CHD conference happening in Austin, Texas, as you just saw November 7th through 9th.
We'll also welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you both this evening?
Very good.
Thanks for having us, Livio.
It's always great having you, Michael.
And Sujata, how are you?

[SPEAKER_13]
I'm doing great.
Thanks so much for having us both on.

[SPEAKER_08]
So the CHD conference, it's been a little while.
I remember the last one I attended back in Savannah.
You skipped a year, but now you're back.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, that was back in that was back in 2023.
uh and did skip a year the the election year when bobby's historic run uh for president happened but we're doing it again now and we actually have a new speaker who wasn't in that promo was just added on senator ran paul uh will be coming and speaking he'll also be signing books he was just recently added to the lineup and there's a number of other
major announcements we're about to have as well too.
So people should go to childrenshealthdefense.org and you will see Moment of Truth.
You will see the logo for the conference.
Click on that.
Reserve your seats now.
I know coming up in September.
We're going to be selling out of the seats, and there are definitely a lot more big names to come, including the SRF.
You guys are one of our sponsors, and you're going to be there, and I'm pretty sure Steve, you're going to be on the stage speaking.

[SPEAKER_07]
That's right.

[SPEAKER_09]
Excellent.
Let people know, spread the word about it, reserve your seats as soon as you can.
It's going to be a really fantastic event.
We're going to have a panel dealing with the measles crisis that happened right there, quote unquote crisis that happened in West Texas, where we'll be having a panel of Dr. Ben Edwards, Dr. Pierre Corey, Polly Tommy, including the families who tragically lost their children when it was
It was lied about that their kids had died of measles when they actually had died from medical mispractice.
Those families are going to be there.
And many more surprises are going to be there as well too.
Definitely looking forward to it.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, and Janet's going to put the link in the chat if she hasn't already on how to get tickets and get all further information.
And I was at the last conference.
It was fantastic, Michael.
And what really struck me the most was just listening, eavesdropping on the parents.
of children with autism and the way they share their stories with each other and how they've been ignored.
It was enlightening, heartbreaking, and just being around those families was really incredible for me.

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, speaking of that, you know, upcoming in September here, not too far away, a Robert F. Kennedy Jr. and HHS, they're gonna have some real shocking announcements to come out regarding autism.
We are going to have a panel dealing with that information and talking about what's going on with those recent announcements.
We are also going to have a legal panel as well too.
And one of the featured speakers is gonna be, of course, the great Sujata Gibson.
Sujata just had a huge victory in New York.
People find this hard to believe, but we are struggling to just get medically fragile children in school
with valid medical exemptions in New York.
They're actually denying them.
That's how bad it's gotten here in New York.
But Sujata just had a landmark victory in court with a young 16 year old girl named Sarah Doe and her medical exemption was accepted and it appears it is setting a striking new precedent
throughout New York to stop this, just horrendous, this insane practice of discrimination against medically fragile children.
So Sujata will be speaking about that.
Sarah Doe, who's like a young 16 year old hero, is gonna be there at the conference as well too.
So there's so many different aspects that we're gonna be covering.

[SPEAKER_08]
I'm so glad you mentioned Sarah Doe, because we had Sujata Gibson and Sarah on Sujata.
Can you give us an update on how she's doing back at school?

[SPEAKER_13]
Yes.
Yes, this was very exciting last month, but on August 12th, the district court judge in the Eastern District of New York held that the Oceanside School District had to let her come back and was likely violating the Americans with Disabilities Act by excluding her.

[SPEAKER_09]
And she is she is back in school.
I've been in touch with her mom the night before they were on eggshells.
You know, they didn't think it was really going to happen.
But it did.
It did really happen.
She is in school now.
And we are hearing stories that throughout New York
Valid medical exemptions are getting accepted more and more.
It's still not perfect.
It's still not the way it should be, but it's way better than what it was.
I mean, that's thanks to Children's Health Defense, Sujata Gibson, Chad Davenport, another brilliant attorney in New York that's been working on this.
Yeah.
And this actually, this is remarkable.
This also plays into the religious exemption to vaccination in New York because New York is one of four states.
Maybe you could say five West Virginia's playing with this still too.
that does not allow religious exemptions to vaccination.
And fascinating and tragically enough, Sarah Doe had a religious exemption to vaccination in 2019 when she was 11 years old.
They repealed the religious exemption and her parents were left with this tragic, horrible decision.
Educate my child or follow my faith.
And they decided to educate their child.
They went on a two month catch up schedule with, I believe it was 18 injections.
in two months, which is even more than 18 vaccines because they're double and triple in each shot.
And that was it.
She's permanently disabled now.
She has so many different medical conditions.
She has a rash that
flares up on her body.
She has random paralysis in parts of her body that come on.
No doctor can explain.
No one can treat it appropriately.
Seven doctors, six doctors and one NP gave valid medical exemptions to her and they denied them all.
She even walked into a walk-in pharmacy
To get a shot and they took one look at her and said there's there's no way we're gonna Give you this shot this could hurt you or worse.
No one would give it to her and the school is still Denying her so it's amazing how deep the insanity got in New York and that her issues Her medical exemption would never even be required if religious liberty was honored
in New York if they didn't do this terrible thing of repealing the religious exemption.
And it's very interesting that now we have so much momentum around even a national conversation of bringing back the religious exemption to vaccination to those states that deny religious liberty currently.

[SPEAKER_07]
So is she suing the school for damages for what happened to her?
Or she's not able to do that?

[SPEAKER_13]
Yes.
Well, unfortunately, the Americans with Disabilities Act does not allow for pain and suffering damages, which is really outrageous because the amount of pain and suffering that these kinds of school policies and the Department of Health's policies have caused is staggering.
Children have been close to committing suicide.
Children have been injured by vaccines that their doctors told them they shouldn't take.
and suffered enormous loss.
Sarah Doe, for example, was told that she had been made the captain of her varsity girls' football team in 10th grade last year, and she was told she was going to be up for scholarships.
She was going to get a full ride to college.
She was a once-in-a-lifetime athlete.
Her coach said that to her.
That was all taken away from her.
How do you quantify how much
How, how much she lost there, I have full confidence in her.
She is a remarkable young woman.
I think she's going to do great amazing things in her life despite this adversity.
But no, she's not going to be likely compensated for all of that.
There is a state law.
analogous statute, we might be able to get her punitive damages and pain and suffering and other things.
Well, not punitive against the school districts, but possibly against some of the actors.
But all of that is putting the cart kind of before the horse.
I mean, the biggest thing is to solidify that the rule in New York has to be that we accommodate these kids with disabilities and that we can't have school principals overriding seven treating physicians in a walk-in clinic saying, this is not safe, this kid could die.

[SPEAKER_07]
So how do people at the school think of this?
Do they even realize that they have seriously injured this girl?
And how do the parents feel?
The parents had said, okay, well, we want her to have an education.
How do they feel about their decision now?

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, one thing I want to, I'd like Sujata to address the second part of your question, but the first part of that question is the way they get away with this is they go to nameless, faceless doctors who never meet the child and then deny their medical exemption and overrule the treating physician that has met them.
So it removes the humanity from it.
It removes the necessity to say, I did this to this child.
this happens to me, these doctors that consult with the schools, they don't have that at all.
They have no sense of the damage that they're doing.
In terms of the parents, I think Sujata, maybe you could speak to that a little bit.

[SPEAKER_13]
It's devastating.
Of course, her mother and her father every day
wish they could go back in time and change that decision.
They didn't want to make that decision at the time.
Her mother was willing to quit her job.
They were, you know, and they don't have a lot of money.
They were willing to live on rice and beans so they could homeschool her.
But Sarah's an athlete.
She wanted to be in school.
She wanted to be with her friends.
And she was, frankly, it was too devastating for her.
And she was really, really upset at losing all of that.
And finally, her parents
caved and I don't think a day goes by that they don't wish they hadn't and you know the spiritual component really has to be mentioned as well.
Sarah's mother prayed she's a devout Catholic.
She didn't vaccinate her from the time she was little until she was 11.
She had a religious exemption all throughout school until 2019.
And the reason she had that is because Sarah felt she had guidance from God that she needed that for some reason, God didn't, you know, that she shouldn't vaccinate her child.
And she turned out to be, you know, it turned out that guidance was correct.
Her child could not withstand all of those vaccines and that happened.
And, you know, for her to know that she had to, that she violated
you know, that she did, she, she allowed her child to be vaccinated and then also have violated her faith, the tremendous guilt.
And then to be asked to do it again though, you know, Sarah's only missing one vaccine.
It's the third dose of the hepatitis B series, which is a ridiculous mandate to begin with.

[SPEAKER_08]
Oh, I mean,

[SPEAKER_13]
active hepatitis B cannot legally be barred from school because they recognize they're not a danger.
So it's, it's absolutely outrageous.
But, you know, they already sacrificed so much, went against their faith, you know, devastating consequences.
And now here they are a few years later being asked to do it again.
It was all for nothing.
She was still kicked out of school.

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, the silver lining here is that what Sarah Doe has gone through.
might resonate for thousands and hundreds of thousands, even millions of families and children out there.
And we're seeing now this momentum of a national conversation around religious exemption to vaccination.
We have Representative Stubbe from Florida just introduced an act called the Grace Act.
It now, I believe, has 18 sponsors on it now, and it would
It wouldn't require a state to have a religious exemption, but what it would do is it would deny federal education funds to any state that didn't have it.
So if you want to violate religious liberty, you go ahead, but the federal government will not be funding those.
those institutions.
So shout out to Representative Stubbe that's put that out there.
You know, a lot of people are saying, well, we don't need religious exemptions.
We need no mandates.
And absolutely, that's true.
I mean, of course, we need to get to the place where there is no mandates where nobody tells us what we can do with our bodies.
But the federal government doesn't have that power.
The federal government does have the power to enforce the Constitution and, of course, the First Amendment being the most prominent of all, freedom of religion in there, they can have a hand in how religious liberty issues are dealt with in the states.
But to just come in and say mandates are illegal, that would likely be a violation of the Constitution.
And right now, you have to understand that there are states where there's no opt out, there's no
options.
And while religious exemptions clearly aren't the solution we need to this problem that we're facing, it's a stopgap that could really, really relieve suffering and save lives as well too.
So it's something that I do support.
And we're now seeing Secretary of HHS, Robert F. Kennedy Jr. and HHS OCR, that's the Office of Civil Rights, is now putting out a national memo that
telling all the states you are required to follow laws that protect religious liberty and the right to say no to vaccination on religious grounds.
That just broke today.
That just came out of the office.
You know, there is the hearings today that were like real fireworks with Secretary Kennedy and bipartisan people going at him.
I mean, Republicans, Democrats, everybody's getting a piece of him.
But man, did he do a great job of defending himself.
And on the same day that happened, he releases this aggressive, controversial memo.
And it's just also a sign of it's really happening now.
You know, Steve and Livio and Sujata, I mean, you remember the dark days of COVID?
And when we all came together around defeat the mandates in Washington DC and just the anxiety we lived under constantly at that time of this suppression, and now look at where we are now.
Like now look at what's happening.
It doesn't mean that everything's perfect, but I am really excited by what's going on right now and the momentum we seem to have where medical freedom and these issues are true national conversation in a great way.

[SPEAKER_13]
I'd love to slow it down and explain these things because these are such huge monumental things that are happening right now about the religious exemption.
And they're coming from a variety of angles.
So if you, you know, like the, the HHS directive today is really groundbreaking.
It was sent out to every state and it essentially tells the states.
But look, part of the directive of HHS is to also enforce conscience and religious laws.
And their funding for big programs, like the Vaccine for Children program, which is a huge program, millions of billions of dollars of funding, is going to be contingent on respecting, especially the state laws that have to do with religion and conscience.
This is this is huge.
Many, some of these 5 states that don't currently offer religious exemption.
Many, if not all are now going to have to reconsider that if they want to receive federal funds for the vaccine program.
And that is.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah.
Are Sarah Doe's parents now speaking out and advising other parents, hey, here's what happened when we vaccinated our kid, don't vaccinate your kids or are they remaining silent?

[SPEAKER_13]
They're not trying to tell people what to do.
They think it's, you know, it is important for people to know that vaccine injuries are real.
They happen.
Nobody's disputing that.
I should say also that's an important aspect of this case.
Nobody is disputing that she was severely injured by these vaccines.
The school district did try to say, well, we don't know which of the 18 vaccines she took injured her.
So she shouldn't be able to get an exemption because we don't know it was the hepatitis B versus one of the other 17.
But.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, but no, but does anyone in the school have any compassion at all for what happened to this child?

[SPEAKER_13]
I really don't think so.
I really don't because it's way worse than just even this.
They were discriminating against her in other ways like her, you know, she gets paralysis and when her foot was coming back to life, the nerves in her foot, she would.
She was in tremendous pain one day.
She went to the nurse's office.
The nurse was openly hostile to her because she had had this religious exemption.
And the nurse said, you can't get ice and recover in my office because it's only for new injuries.
And this is a pre-existing injury that you have.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, it's pretty sick stuff sometimes.

[SPEAKER_04]
I mean, that's how bad it is.

[SPEAKER_13]
I mean, it's a really zealous mindset.
And in New York, I don't know if it's like this a lot of other places, but in New York, it is almost like a religious zealotry to be into vaccines and to really hate people who have religious objections or other valid reasons why they don't.
I want to take one or more of the vaccines.
But, you know, what's exciting about this case and what ties into this legislation that is now being proposed with 18 co-sponsors and real momentum that would restore the religious exemption in all 50 states or the HHS directive that came out today is that Sarah Doe's case is actually also centered around whether it's constitutional to withhold the religious exemption.
And it has a good chance of winning.
Because under the US Constitution First Amendment, if a law
is not generally applicable, meaning that you do give exemptions for some reason other than religion, then you have to justify under a very high level of scrutiny, the highest level of scrutiny, why you can't also give a religious one.
And so far they've sidestepped that by saying, well, we don't, you know, New York made this like weird discretion carve out saying it was only not generally applicable if people have discretion, whether to take a medical exemption or not.
We're saying that because they offer a medical exemption, they have to offer religious, but this case shows they have enormous discretion.
You know, they, they denied six and they, it,
They said yes to one and no to a bunch of others, and there was no rhyme or reason.
So really, the court would have to strictly scrutinize this, and the school district should lose if they do.
But there's another case.
Syrian Glimstad have an amazing case, related case, that they've just filed a cert petition at the Supreme Court to see if the Supreme Court will take it.
20 attorneys general.
signed a filed a brief in support of this.
So hopefully the Supreme Court will take it.
But we've got an avenue through the courts.
We've got an avenue through legislation.
And now we have an avenue through funding and enforcement through HHS, which is the job of HHS to enforce.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_09]
And I just want to bring up one other point on this too.
This didn't just happen out of the blue.
Sujata was part of a small group.
that were working many connections throughout Washington, DC, speaking to people in Congress, speaking to people in DOJ, Sujata, Kate Corrigan, John Gilmore and Rita Palmer.
These are some legendary New York medical freedom fighters.
They met with over 40 offices and were pushing and pushing.
And right as they were doing that behind the scenes, Charlie Kirk came out with a big tweet saying, we need religious exemptions in all 50 states.
The next day, Candace Owen came out with a big tweet, millions and millions of views.
religious exemptions shouldn't be denied.
And that's because DC started chattering.
That's because these four activists, these people who care, were using their connections and having these meetings.
And now we're seeing this kind of peak point where this conversation is so big, it's coming through every
every avenue of government, there is a possible way that the religious exemption might get back.
For me, I've watched this for years, Sujata as well too.
We've seen the darkest times, even pre-COVID when they removed the religious exemption and there was this mass exodus from New York pre-COVID of people who couldn't educate their kids and were going all throughout the country to just find some normalcy again.
And sometimes I'm just pinching myself that we're at this moment where justice might finally a little piece of justice at least might finally be within reach.

[SPEAKER_07]
It seems amazing to me that they basically mandate these vaccines.
A girl takes the vaccine, she's injured, and now she's the guilty party.
They look at her as the, you're the anti-vaxxer as opposed to, oh shit, look in the mirror.
They made a mistake and they injured her.
So if this is not her injuring herself, this is them injuring her
And they look at her as the bad guy.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, it's astonishing, right?
What the good news is when we went to court, 300 medical freedom loving New Yorkers came out.
in support of her all wearing pink.
That's the sourdough's favorite color.
And there's just this, these photos and videos of just hundreds of people coming out of the courthouse and, and standing there with her.
Um, there's a shift change even in deep dark New York.
There, there's a sea change that is happening in a consciousness change.
where sure the zealots exist here, especially in New York, but people are willing to speak out more, people are questioning more, and people are standing up and standing up publicly, too, right?
I mean, back in 2019, even when I was fighting to keep the religious exemption, I was kind of doing it anonymously.
I was a little scared to have my face out there, and that's shifting in a major way, and that might be the number one thing.
that the public is willing to say no.
And my name is Michael Cain.
I say no to this, and I'm standing with Sarah and her family.
That sort of thing that's happening, it's really remarkable to be in the midst of that right now.

[SPEAKER_07]
Let's take a few minutes to talk about RFK's testimony.
Do you want to say anything about that?
Because it seems like he got grilled with a number of shots, and he just shot right back.
Do you think that if you were to score it, how would you score it?
And was everybody dog piling on him?
What did he get any support from anyone on the panel?

[SPEAKER_09]
Senator, I haven't I haven't watched it.
Did he get support from anyone on the panel?
Ron Johnson.
Senator Johnson was pretty much Ron Johnson.
No, there was one other as well, too.
There was one other Republican senator whose name alludes me right now, who went gave him ample time to talk about the dangers of the hepatitis B vaccine, especially on day zero on the day one of birth.
So there was some support there.
But God bless Secretary Kennedy, man.
I mean, he was ready to brawl, and he did.
And, you know, he kept his cool when he needed to.
And he told people, like, you don't know what you're talking about.
He was definitely going in on people in a way that, quite frankly, was appropriate.
And he let people know that the gloves were off.
And one other thing I just want to say right now, we've launched the Thank You RFK.
uh, uh, campaign on social media.
So, uh, you might see it, especially on X, but other ple, places hashtag.
Thank you, RFK or thank you, Bobby.
He needs this right now.
He needs all of us.
You know, some people are coming with their kids holding signs.
saying, thank you, Bobby.
I was holding one today on my kid's swing set today while they were at school, whatever we can do because they're going after him.
An organization that supports Bernie Sanders just came out with a huge action alert saying call Congress and tell Secretary Kennedy he has to resign.
And they want that.
So now is the time for us to stand up.

[SPEAKER_07]
For him, I think that's one of my my biggest messages maybe we should maybe we should be sponsoring a Campaign to call Congress and and have Bernie Sanders resign Yeah, it's very it's very interesting.

[SPEAKER_13]
I'm sure I don't know if you've talked on the show yet about the leaked memo From the pharmaceutical conglomerates where they you know have decided now is their moment to try to really
eliminate and destroy the threat of Secretary Kennedy and they've funded it with millions of dollars this effort.
That just happened recently and now you're seeing who's immediately popping up calling for his head.
I find that very illuminating to know who's kind of
likely at the beck and call of this organization.
The, you know, the Mother Jones hit piece that came out today and the group, you know, Bernie Sanders coming out right away after the leaked memo is discovered.
I think the timing is very interesting.

[SPEAKER_08]
They will stop at nothing.
I mean, every time there's even a minor victory, they just come back attacking.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, for sure.
There was even, I think there was also just 1,000 HHS employees calling for Robert F. Kennedy Jr. to resign.
I mean, keep in mind, there's tens and tens of thousands of employees there, right?
But Charlie Kirk tweeted about it, and instead of these 1,000 mask loving, you know, kid hating, school closing, mandate worshipers are asking for RFK to resign.
That's a badge of honor.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, and it's terrible.
You think they'd care about humanity and people and actually stay on the job and keep fighting for what they've been doing, but no, they turn their back.
They walk out.
They quit.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.
You know, it was interesting.
They asked, what are the senators asked Bobby today?
Like, who are you speaking to at the CDC?
And they keep cutting them off and he couldn't say it.
And he said, well, I'm speaking to William Thompson quite a bit.
And most people might remember
William Thompson was the whistleblower from the movie Vax, that the whole Vax movie was based upon.
He's the one who was on phone calls with Dr. Brian Hooker saying, I'm so sorry, we lied, we knew the MMR was linked to autism.
That man still works at the CDC.
And for the first time publicly, Secretary Kennedy said, I'm speaking to Bill Thompson all the time.
So that was actually
extremely interesting to see that little nugget dropped from Secretary Kennedy today publicly.

[SPEAKER_08]
That was.
Sorry, Sujata, I think I cut you off.

[SPEAKER_13]
You were about to... No, I mean, I think at the end of the day, Secretary Kennedy is doing exactly what he needs to do.
And really, honestly and forthrightly saying, we're going to
just ask for transparent science and let that show us the way.
And I think that has people scared out of their minds because a lot of these people were participating
in saying that the emperor was wearing clothes and there was all this data and there was everything that they were saying was backed up and and that really does crumble under scrutiny I think as all of us and as people who have looked at it start to see very quickly there's there's no there there the emperor is not wearing clothes we don't have good data
And whatever that data may turn out to show, it's going to be very uncomfortable for the people who have been screaming that we shouldn't even be able to talk about it because it's so clearly settled by science that hasn't actually occurred.

[SPEAKER_09]
That's such a great point.
This is an existential threat.
Bobby is an existential threat for these people, um, professionally and spiritually on a certain level.
Cause if these people need to look at what they've participated in, that's not easy to do.
So it's not really a surprise to see them get really, really loud.
Now, what other choice do they actually really have?
You know, it's kind of sad.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.
And stay tuned, everyone, at the end, I'll be closing out with a little montage from the hearings and the attacks that Kennedy took and the way he fought back.
So interesting watch at the end.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, we should post some videos, excerpts and a link to the entire session.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yes, yes, we'll get that up on our site.
I wanted to actually, Sujata, do you have any words of advice or caution for Duncan based on his situation and that he doesn't have any legal representation?

[SPEAKER_13]
I would love to talk with you privately afterwards.
I think we should follow up either way, have some virtual coffee and just happy to help.

[SPEAKER_03]
But yeah, I mean, I think

[SPEAKER_13]
Uh, it's outrageous.
It's outrageous what happened.
To you and so many other people and I think, you know, yeah, we're in this moment because people have been fighting hard.
Children's health events used to even been fighting by our VSRF, like.
All these groups have been putting in.
You know, everything for this movement, but we're really here because.
America woke up.
We've been lied to and gas lit and COVID really shined a light on that.
People were injured and harmed and nobody cared.
And they, they told them, you know, they treated them like they were the people who did, they're at fault somehow for getting injured and nobody.
Nobody did anything and I think it woke up a huge percentage of Americans and I think for everybody that you see speaking up.
I think there are hundreds of people who aren't necessarily talking about it, but they see what's going on and the politics has fundamentally changed.
Everything has changed and I think.
I hope that people understand that this isn't just going to go away if they attack Senator Kennedy or Children's Health Defense or you, Steve, or any of us.
There's too many of us at this point.
You can cut us all down.
There'll be millions more.

[SPEAKER_07]
I'm waiting for the sea change to happen in Congress.
I think that will be the telling point.
Once a majority of the members of Congress say that these vaccines are dangerous and harmful and should be taken off the market, how many members of Congress right now do you think are in that position?
We've got 435 in the House.
We have 100 in the Senate.
535 people out of 535 people, how many
are are saying that the vaccine should be pulled.

[SPEAKER_09]
Oh, it's very low.
It's very low.
And is a excellent point that you bring up, Steve, because when I was at Voices of the Vaccine injured in Washington, D.C., Mary Holland was sitting next to me.
Brian Hooker, Polly Tommy were giving testimony.
Senator Ron Johnson was the only senator who stayed for the whole thing.
And there was only, and in that whole committee, you had two Democrats show up and shout out to Senator Bernie Moreno.
He was fantastic.
He stayed for the longest.
He said, we need a reckoning on COVID and he's in touch with us now about trying to do something on there.
So there are, and he said, I wouldn't even be in the Senate if it wasn't for COVID.
He ran because of that.
But Mary Holland couldn't get over the fact that like,
Where are these people?
This is your job.
You're supposed to come here into this committee and listen to us.
And the overwhelming majority didn't even show up.
So there is still a long way to go out of 535 or whatever the number is, 5060 if we're lucky.
That, that, that have the mind in the right spot.
So, so you're right.
See, there's a long way to go in Congress with that.

[SPEAKER_13]
But I will say there is a spot of hope in that, you know, in all these meetings, like a few years ago, nobody in Congress would touch us with a 10 foot pole.
We were pariahs, you know, no, you can't, you can't even talk about this stuff.
Um, and I'm not even talking about pulling back to the object.
Can we just have some safety studies?
Can we just have some basic constitutional protections for religious rights and the medically fragile?
But now it's like the doors are open.
They're they're eager to talk to us.
They know that their constituents are hungry for a reckoning that they want the truth.
They don't want to be lied to anymore.
And they're ready to talk about it.
And honestly, anyone who really
loves vaccines should also be of that mindset because at this point, the only way to bring faith back to any vaccines and have people want to take them en masse is to show good data and good science and good protection for those who get injured and for that they're going to like revamp things when they realize safety signals are there.
You know, until that occurs, I think most people are going to feel pretty hesitant.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.
And what I said is correct.
We're seeing a lot of real partnerships happening on the hill with the crazy voices like us.
Now they really are inviting us in.
They're talking to us.
They're returning our calls and emails looking for our input on policy.
So it isn't.

[SPEAKER_07]
Oh my God, God forbid.
Isn't that illegal?
Ask CHD for input on policy.
You know, I cannot wait for the day.
We're on this side of the things.
I can't wait for Congress to flip where it's the other side, and they're not taking calls from the vaccine manufacturers anymore.
And it's just the opposite, that the vaccine manufacturers are now facing what we've been facing for decades.

[SPEAKER_09]
I can't wait for that moment.
But they got a lot of money.
That's the big problem.
But we're proving that that money.

[SPEAKER_07]
And we're funding it.
We're funding that money, you know?
That's the thing.
Thanks for your money.
It's like, I don't know how we turn this around here.
But it's like,
Anyone who wants to seriously objectively evaluate this data should be able to see what's going on.
And what's interesting to me is I'm in this $3 million debate on whether the COVID vaccines have net safe lives versus net cost lives.
And there are two judges, both of them have H indexes that are like in the 50s and 60s, which means they're top scientists, really intelligent guys who are on the fence.
And you know what?
We're nine months into this debate.
And I asked the judges, where do you stand?
And they said, we're not sure.
That is the fundamental problem.

[SPEAKER_08]
That's unbelievable to me, Steve.
When you said that to me a couple of weeks ago, that they are still not sure after nine months of you relentlessly presenting the data.
And probably seeing it around them, even if they weren't aware, they have to be aware now after.

[SPEAKER_07]
Look at Japan.
Japan, it's like flat line.
And they roll out the vaccine.
And then Japan, excess mortality goes through the roof.
600,000 excess deaths, unprecedented in Japan history.
And it starts right when they roll out the vaccines.
I don't know.
I don't understand what these people are thinking.
I really don't.
This is incredible to me.
There is all these trend lines.
They don't budge.
You roll out the vaccine.
The trend lines continue as if nothing happened.
You know, it's the Occam's razor.
Like if the trend line continues like nothing has happened, it means nothing has happened.
It doesn't mean that, oh wow, they've rolled out the vaccines in every country simultaneously exactly to counter that the COVID vaccine was getting more dangerous and they rolled out the vaccine at the exact same level to exactly counter the effect.
Isn't that amazing?
That's how they think.
They think that, oh, there was no knee in the trim line because the vaccine exactly countered what was going on with naturally the COVID getting more dangerous.

[SPEAKER_11]
Come on, folks.

[SPEAKER_07]
Well, especially because we all know that in one place, you could believe that not in everyone, not everywhere.
It's the common sense is unbelievable.
It's like, wow.
What?

[SPEAKER_13]
You know what I've always wondered, Steve?
I wonder if they were to take that kind of other other factors into with the cost benefit analysis.
I mean, it's looking like the most likely cause of COVID.
was that it came from a lab that was researching vaccines.
It was making these viruses for vaccine development.
I mean, if you take that figure into account, I mean, all of the COVID deaths were a result of vaccines as well because it came from that program.

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, remember the dark days, you couldn't even say that because that was conspiracy that I'm like way back the times when Michael was talking about back at defeat the mandates, you couldn't even say the two words lab leak without getting canceled or completely discriminated against as a crazy conspiracy theorist.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, and I hear what Sujata's point is about cost-benefit analysis, but that assumes that what they're telling us is genuinely why they're doing things.
And I don't think that's what it is.
I think the cost-benefit analysis is working for them if you see the way they follow these things and the way they put their money and what the return on investment is.
for them, and of course, there's nothing more lucrative and more profitable than a sick child, right?
Oh, and these vaccines are making these kids sick, but we can't admit that.
But what is that doing?
It's actually pretty dark when you start to, if you start to look at it from that angle, and there's too much evidence that shows we should be looking at it from that angle, that there is some really dark things that are going on with all of this with the entirety of the economy right now.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, that's something Duncan, I think, was speaking about in that little video clip we played and probably has even more to share about that, but it's pretty dark.
Well, I want to thank all of you for being here tonight.
I want to remind everyone that the Children's Health Defense Conference is coming up November 7th through 9th in Austin, Texas.
Get your tickets.
Janet will put the link in the chat again.
Michael, anything else you want to say about the conference other than
VSRF will be a sponsor.
Steve Kirsch will have a speaking segment.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yes, he'll be there.
Peter McCullough will be there.
Dr. Pierre Corey, Sujata Gibson, Ray Flores, Mary Holland, myself, Stephanie Lucretio, Senator Rand Paul will be there.
Del Big Tree will be there.
We're going to have a vaxxed redux panel.
I think that might be the first time that's been said publicly, where we have the original people that made vaxxed on stage together in Austin.
And there are many more people to announce.
Dr. Suzanne Humphries, Dr. Jessica Rose, so many more that I'm even just forgetting right now.
And so many we are not allowed to announce yet.
So get your tickets while you can.
This will sell out.
There's going to be hundreds of people in Austin.
And Livio, you know, a CHD conference is really an amazing event.
You meet amazing people.
You have amazing conversations.
You make new relationships for new endeavors ahead.
Definitely join us in Austin, November 7 through the 9th.

[SPEAKER_08]
Absolutely.
The speakers are the icing on the cake.
It's the connections that you make.
It's the people you meet, and it's like a big, giant family.

[SPEAKER_13]
Can I just put in one plug also?
Representative Stubbe is going to be there as well.
And, you know, we just briefly touched on the bill that he introduced the grace act guaranteeing religious accommodation.
in childhood education, but we are actively hoping that people will be reaching out to their representatives and urging them to support and co-sponsor this bill.
We already have 18 people, but we can get a lot more.
Everyone should be co-sponsoring this bill.
This is not about vaccines.
It is about basic religious rights, basic parental rights, basic rights to informed consent that we should all enjoy and we should all protect.

[SPEAKER_14]
Absolutely.

[SPEAKER_13]
So the Grace Act, call your representative.

[SPEAKER_14]
That's my plug.

[SPEAKER_13]
That's outside of my council role for CHD.
That's just me as an individual.
In your personal capacity.

[SPEAKER_08]
And Michael and Suja, I know you both are in the New York, if not in Manhattan area.
Uh, we hope to see you at the debate in the Bronx on the 13th rumble in the Bronx.

[SPEAKER_09]
It's coming up real close Bronx land.
Yeah.
So it's going to be Steve curse and Dr. Pierre Curry verse who these dudes debunked the funk and who else?

[SPEAKER_08]
And, uh, I remember.

[SPEAKER_07]
Professor, uh, what was it called?
Professor Dave.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.
Here, let me get the graphic back up on the screen.
And we can use this as an opportunity to, yeah, hear it.
Here's the information.
It is Saturday, September 13th at 7 p.m. Bronx, Landia in the Bronx, Dave Farina and Dan Wilson against Steve Kirsch and Dr. Pierre Corey live.
And right now there is no live stream.
So you got to get there in person.
It is being filmed.
There will be a release of it later on, but they're trying to sell out the venue.
And we do have a promo code that Janet will put in the link for 50% off tickets.

[SPEAKER_09]
Oh, that's great.
Oh, definitely send that to me.
So I can promote that too.
That'll help my followers for sure.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.
Absolutely.
The promo code is PANG, P-A-N-G, 50, the numbers, five, zero, vaccine, PANG 50 vaccine.
That's good for 50% off.
So we want to get as many of our side
at the joint as possible.
And again, you'll meet Steve in person, Dr. Birikori in person.
I'll be there in person.
So it should be a, should be a really good time.
And I expect victory from, from our side.

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, but I, I, I'm worried about, um, I'm worried about some underhandedness from the other side.
That's another reason why we need our people there, witnessing with your phones, like record,
record what's going on and all of that stuff because, uh, I don't know the other two gentlemen that well, but I don't know how much I can entirely trust them.
I know I could trust Steve and Pierre, but I'm, um, but the one good thing Steve said this too, someone finally took Steve up on the debate.
It's been years.
No one's taken it up.
At least someone's taken them on it.

[SPEAKER_08]
That's a good point.
I actually reached out to Steve.
So that was a first as well.
And
Yeah, it's they are going to be underhanded.
I've I've researched and yeah, we expect some some dirty tricks from them.

[SPEAKER_13]
But I have full confidence in you, Steve and also Dr. Pierre.
I think you both are very well armed with with the facts and I am excited to see the debate.

[SPEAKER_08]
and Duncan I want to remind everyone how can people follow you and your story and and support you through your businesses as I know you don't want to take donations but where how do people find you and follow you

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, so my social media handles, I am Deej the dad.
It's D-E-E-J, the dad on TikTok and Instagram.
And then on X, I'm Deej the chief spelled the same, but with chief like a chief born officer.
And I'm not asking for anything from anybody.
I do want to take a quick moment and advocate for my friend, Lindy, like I mentioned earlier.
She is an army veteran.
She transferred into the Coast Guard and she was pursuing a career as a diver helicopter diver to rescue people avid athlete triathlon soccer skateboarder and her chain of command coerced her into taking the vaccine and she is now bedridden.
She's in constant pain She has a hundred percent disability from the COVID-19 vaccine But it doesn't cover the costs of her treatment
Her husband had to leave the military.
He was also in the Coast Guard, and he had to leave the military to become her full-time caretaker.
So they lost a lot of income, and she's paying for these treatments out of pocket.
The least the military could do is, you know, pay for her treatments, but they're not even doing that.
So if I can advocate for anybody, it would be Lindy.
Her Instagram handle is nd underscore Lindy.
It's spelled I-N-D-I underscore L-I-N-D-Y.
And she really needs prayers, financial support, and there's thousands more.
That's the problem.
She's the one that I'm closest with and most familiar with.
But there are so many people that have been injured by this, you know, civilians and military alike that if we can, if you have the means, please, please help them.

[SPEAKER_08]
Thank you for sharing that information.
And Janet will make sure that those links are in the chat and we'll put them in our description as well.
Well, again, it's been a wonderful evening.
Just so, so inspiring to listen every, everyone in this room tonight and sharing your stories and everything that's going on.
And I do believe it is good days compared to where we were from.
I mean, this is, I want to celebrate this has been a very good week for our health and medical freedom movement.

[SPEAKER_09]
Livio, Steve, thank you so much for having us on.
We love you guys so much.
You know, just brothers and arms, sister organizations.
We just love you so much.
And Duncan, thanks for being on and sharing your story and your bravery and everything that you're doing too.
Thank you all so much.

[SPEAKER_12]
And thank you all.
You're the first people of the platforming to give me a voice other than the algorithm.
So thank you.

[SPEAKER_07]
Our pleasure.
Oh, yeah.
Sure.
It would have happened sooner if I had known about you.

[SPEAKER_12]
The algorithm wasn't quite good enough.

[SPEAKER_07]
It finally got through.
Someone texted me and that was it.

[SPEAKER_12]
I'm sure you're following me now.

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, thank you very much and everyone else hanging.
I got a couple of announcements and you want to stick around for the closing video.
Have a great night, Sujata and Michael and Duncan.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_13]
Thank you so much for having us.

[SPEAKER_08]
Steve, as we close out tonight, I wanna remind everyone that we are a 501C3 and our mission has always been to shine a light on stories like the ones tonight and studies and voices that too often get ignored or silenced everywhere and elsewhere.
But none of this happens without you.
VSRF Live is completely funded by our viewers and it's your support that allows us to stay independent and bring you these vital conversations week after week.
So, if you value what we do and want to see it continue, please consider making a donation.
Every contribution makes a real difference.
You can give it vacsafety.org, backslash, donate, or simply text BSRF to 53-555.
Another quick reminder, Steve, on Sunday, the 14th, after the debate, we are having a very special, we're hosting a very special VSRF fundraiser dinner in Manhattan with you and Dr. Pierre Corey and Naomi Wolfe.
and your spouses and some other special guests that are going to be joining us for that dinner.
It's a rare chance to connect with leaders in the health freedom movement.
You want to tell us a little bit about that dinner, Steve, or should I just continue talking about it?

[SPEAKER_07]
No, it's, you know, be there.
I would love to meet you.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, it's going to be a really great now.
We're asking because of the dinner and the place, it is going to be a donation of $1,500 per person or $2,500 per couple, but it's an opportunity to sit with some incredible humans and Steve Kersh and Pierre Corey and Naomi Wolfe and some others possibly joining us.
So if you can make it.
and you have the ability to join us the email hillary at hill h i l at treat early dot org that's h i l at treat early dot org with the subject line debate dinner sunday.
to reserve your spot, the location will be shared privately.
And we hope to see you either at the debate or at the dinner in New York.
And join us next week, next Thursday on VSRF Live.
We will have a pre-debate special with Dr. Pierre Corey and other special guests.
Pierre will join us briefly to give us a little ramp up to the behind the scenes of what's going on between him and Steve and getting ready and preparing for that big debate.
next week.
And yeah, I'm really excited about that.
And then lastly, I'm going to close off tonight's episode with a powerful montage clip from the recent RFK Junior's Senate hearing.
He delivered explosive testimony on Capitol Hill, rolling out the politicization of adversary panels and conflicts
of interest in the American Academy of Pediatrics.
Kennedy revealed the truth about vaccines and autism, the CDC's cover up of vaccine injuries, and why former President Trump removed corrupt CDC leadership.
He didn't look, hold back at all naming names and confronting senators about pharmaceutical interest, influence.
The tides are changing.
So I look forward to sharing this with you.
Steve, great episode tonight and always great to see you.
And any idea when you'll hear about your other debate, the nine month and work in progress?

[SPEAKER_07]
No, not yet.
Judges haven't heard from the judges.

[SPEAKER_08]
They're still trying to figure it all out.
All right, well, hopefully they'll have a decision in your favor soon.
We'll see you next week.
Have a great evening everyone and a great weekend.
We'll see you all next week and stay tuned for this video.
Have a great night.
Bye.

[SPEAKER_05]
critical advisory panel has lost scientific credibility.
After years, colleagues, we spend so much time not looking at this as Democrats and Republicans, but it's good science and scientific credibility.
And now the American Academy of Pediatrics has warned that the committee is being politicized at the expense of children's health.
American Academy of Pediatrics, you think they're lying to?

[SPEAKER_06]
I think the American Academy of Pediatrics is gravely conflicted.
They get their biggest contributors of the four largest vaccine makers.
They run a journal, Pediatrics, which they make a lot of money on.
That is completely dependent on pharmaceutical companies.
So I don't think I wouldn't put a big
stake in what they say that benefits pharmaceutical interest.
Senator, I didn't politicize it.
I de-politicized it.
Congress has been investigating it.

[SPEAKER_05]
But all over the country, Mr. Secretary, scientists and doctors are saying otherwise.
They're all wrong, too.
They're all lying, according to you.
Scientists and doctors are supporting me all over the country.
There is division on opinion.
I don't get letters from thousands of people who are not political saying that this set of changes is going to damage American healthcare and particularly these healthcare agencies for decades to come.
I don't get any letters from people saying it's going to make a big difference forever.

[SPEAKER_06]
Maybe you're listening to a selective group of people.

[SPEAKER_01]
you get me yeah I will fine I I will tell you what senator I will put my mail bag against your mail bag I got 30 seconds you can make you can characterize it any way you want I quoted them today what I said was accurate when you said were lies are you saying senator are you saying that the DMR&A back

[SPEAKER_06]
vaccine has never been associated with myocarditis or pericarditis.

[SPEAKER_01]
I am saying I am simply trying to tell you I am simply trying to say that the people that you have put on that panel after firing the entire in the question you
No, I'm asking the questions here, Mr. Kennedy.
You're evading that question.
I'm asking the questions, Mr. Kennedy.
I'm asking the questions for Mr. Kennedy on behalf of parents and schools and teachers all over the United States of America who deserve so much better than your leadership.

[SPEAKER_06]
That's what this conversation is about, Mr. Chairman.
They deserve the truth, and that's what we're going to give them for the first time in the history of that agency.
Do you believe COVID-19 was politicized?
Yeah, the whole process was politicized.
Senator, I mean, we were lied to about everything.
We were lied to about natural immunity.
We were lied to about, you know, we were told again and again, the vaccines would prevent transmission.
They'd prevent infection.
It wasn't true.
They knew it from the start.
It wasn't true, because that's what the animal studies and the clinical trial showed.
We were told that there was science behind cloth masks.
The CDC allowed the teachers union to write the order closing our schools, which hurt working people all over the country, and then pretend it was science-based.
All of these issues, and then I can show you, like for example, Chairman Wyden was talking about me politicizing ASIP during COVID,
The probably the most famous scientist on ASIP was Martin Koldor from Harvard, the great now world renowned epidemiologist and vaccinologist.
And he criticized the COVID booster mandates.
They ejected him from COVID because he wasn't in the orthodoxy.
The two biggest health officials at FDA during COVID, Dr. Gruber and Dr. Kraus, criticized the Biden mandate, the vaccine mandate.
You know, President Biden said in August, I would never take that vaccine, the Trump vaccine.
And he came in, he mandated it, and then he fired the two top health officials at FDA who said, hey, this thing has not been properly tested.
So the whole process was politicized, and even today.
Thank you.
