[SPEAKER_05]
Let's see here.

[SPEAKER_06]
Fearless people Careless leader Harsh words spoken
Lies out, broken Force for aging Help me, I've faded Heaven is raided Time to go
Crossing that bridge with lessons I've learned Laying on that fire and not getting burned I may not know what you're going through But time is the space between me and you
Just say dying, and that would be pessimistic In your mind, you could walk across water Please don't cry, it's just to pray for the dying I just don't know what I need to be I'm crossing that bridge, the lessons I've learned
What you're going through But time is the space Between me and you There is a light through the window Hold on, see, yes While people say no Life never goes on When nothing else matters
When nothing else matters I just don't know what got into me As everything was fading I lost my mind I was afraid
Cause my homework was faded And I was fearing But now I understand Now I understand That life is a circle I can see it in your eye
We go round and around and around and around and around and around and around and around We go There is no ending No ending
There's no So is this a prayer for the dying?
No, no, no, no So is this a prayer for the dying?
Is it a prayer for the dying?
No, no, no, no.
Or is it for

[SPEAKER_04]
Tonight on VSRF Live, we welcome board-certified osteopathic physician and author Dr. Sherry Tenpenny to discuss how Big Pharma weaponizes vaccines, public health, and the law.

[SPEAKER_01]
It's a 200-year multi-generational indoctrination that vaccines are safe, effective, necessary, and harmless.
And every one of those statements I just made are lies.
Vaccines are not safe.
Not one vaccine has ever been proven to be safe because they don't use true placebos, number one, and they don't follow them long enough to see.
All they're looking for is, did it make you die?
And if you didn't die, they call it safe.
They never talk about asthma, allergies, eczema, ADD, ADHD.
the long list of neurological problems, the autoimmune diseases that take a long time to develop, none of that is followed.
Because if it's more than 72 hours later that you develop a side effect, it says, well, that didn't have anything to do with the vaccine.

[SPEAKER_04]
Hello and welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm your host, Livio Sanchez.
Thank you so much for joining us this evening.
We've got a powerful show lined up tonight as we welcome Dr. Sherry Tenpenny, a board certified osteopathic physician and leading voice in the medical freedom movement.
She's the founder of Tenpenny Integrative Medical Center, where she's practiced holistic and preventive medicine for over 25 years.
Dr. Tenpenny is the author of several books on vaccines and public health,
most recently Zero Accountability in a Failed System, published this past June.
In it, she exposes how Big Pharma shapes vaccine mandates, legal protections, and the erosion of patient rights.
Her work has sparked vital conversations and made her a trusted voice for medical transparency and autonomy.
But before we begin, I want to remind you about our latest VSRF raffle,
We're giving away the Super Palm 1050, a powerful handheld therapeutic light device from SunPower LED.
It was developed by photo medicine pioneer Tom Kerber and is designed to help relieve pain, inflammation, arthritis, neuropathy, TMJ, insomnia, and more.
It has dual settings, 660 nanometer red light and 10, 1050 nanometer
near infrared, plus it comes with a two-year warranty and usually retails for $1,900.
We're raffling one off, and tickets are just $10 each.
You can grab as many as you'd like, and every ticket helps support the work we do here at VSRF.
So if you feel obliged, go ahead and Janet will put the link in the chat.
It is givebutter.com.
Let me just put this link one more time, givebutter.com backslash sun power LED and sign up for the raffle.
And hopefully you'll get a chance to win one of these fantastic devices.
And now without further ado, I want to bring on founder of VSRF
Steve Kirsch.
Steve, welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_08]
Good.
We're about to enter the last round, the last debate session with the judges and then put in our final documents.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, that's why you couldn't be live last week.
You were having a meeting with the judges.
How did that go and how is it going as you enter the final?

[SPEAKER_08]
You know, they're pretty close to the vest in terms of how they feel.
So it's a little hard to tell.
But I think the evidence on my side is overwhelming.
I asked my opponent for any studies showing vaccine efficacy of death of 90% or more, where they adjusted for the non-COVID all-cause mortality of the unvaccinated, or they adjusted for non-proportional hazards.
He couldn't produce a single study.
Not one.
Not one.
His whole case is based on all of these studies showing the VE of death over 90%.
And he couldn't produce a single study that adjusted for the most basic thing when you make this calculation.
It's like saying we're doing temperature checks and asking people if they use the thermometer to use the temperature checks.
I mean, it is so ridiculous that people would be making these claims because fundamentally, there was a paper from Qatar recently, and I read the reviewer's comments,
And reviewer number two said, well, I think actually the most important thing about this paper is that it shows that you can't adjust for the non-COVID all-cause mortality of the unvaccinated.
You have to measure it.
We don't know how to do these adjustments.
We adjust for age.
We adjust for sex.
We adjust for this, that, and the other thing.
And we can't adjust for it.
It's not adjustable.
So the paper admits they can't adjust for it in every study.
There's no study that does it the right way.
So it's like, this is his best argument.
And it's like the emperor has no clothes.

[SPEAKER_04]
How much do you know about him?
And the reason I'm asking that is, I'm assuming he's got the COVID vaccines and I'm curious how many boosters he's gotten.

[SPEAKER_08]
That's a great question.
I'm gonna ask him that right now.

[SPEAKER_04]
I would love to know if he responds.
I'm wondering if you would respond and then if he only has a if he's not up to date on the schedule why he stopped would would be my follow-up question and okay well with that
What a great question.
Yeah, I'm surprised you haven't asked him after all.
It's a great question.
I should have asked.
Well, okay.
Well, let's move on and bring on our very esteemed special guest tonight, Dr. Sherry Tenpenny.
Welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_01]
I'm terrific.
And thank you so much for having me here.

[SPEAKER_04]
it's such an honor to have you we met down in florida at the truth freedom conference and uh... that's where this uh... this evening was born and i'm just so thrilled that you're here and before i release you with steve i'm gonna read your detailed bio for those in our audience that may not know about you
Dr. Sherry Tenpenny is a board certified by the American Osteopathic Board of Neuromascular Skeletal Medicine and the American Board of Integrative Holistic Medicine.
Dr. Tenpenny is a globally recognized leader in exposing vaccine risks and medical corruption.
With over 50,000 hours of research spanning more than 25 years, she was one of the very first medical professionals to sound the alarm on vaccine safety, helping to shape the foundation of what's now a growing international movement for medical transparency and informed consent.
She began her career in emergency medicine, serving as director of a Level 2 trauma center for 12 years.
That experience gave her an up-close look at the limits of conventional care
and ultimately led her to found the Tenpenny Integrative Medical Center near Cleveland, Ohio.
Dr. Tenpenny is a dynamic speaker, prolific writer, and fearless advocate for health freedom.
She's appeared on countless media platforms and continues to challenge public health narratives, corporate influence, and government overreach.
And again, I want to ask you to give a warm welcome to Dr. Tenpenny.
And before I release you as Steve, I want to remind our audience we will have a Q&A at the end of the interview.
And if you have questions for Dr. Tenpenny or Steve or myself, put them in all caps in the chat and I'll get to as many as I can.
All right, Steve, take it away.

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, welcome, Dr. Tenpenny.
It's been a little while since we talked.
I think the last time we spoke was after my eye injury.
And I asked you about the McCullough protocol that I was taking right before I had a massive retinal hemorrhage.
And you mentioned that that protocol, those three supplements together, I think you said that's more potent than these prescription blood thinners.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, taken individually, they are all potent in and of themselves.
But when you combine them, there's an additive effect.
And in some people, that's detrimental.
And that's one of the things that we talked about after you called me.
And you were one of those folks because of your underlying diabetes.
And I think that made your vessels in the back of your eye more fragile and more subject to rupture.

[SPEAKER_08]
that would make a heck of a lot of sense.
And so there you have it, sort of the perfect storm of taking medical advice without sort of looking at the possible downsides of taking it.
Because I thought it was just, hey, I could just do it as a precautionary thing.
And I started taking it.
And a week later, I had this massive retinal bleed.
I went in to see the retinal specialist as soon as it happened.
And he asked me, what blood thinners are you on?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, I think that sometimes, you know, Peter and I are friends and we, you know, are colleagues.
But I do think that, you know, he doesn't have years and years of experience in the supplement world.
And I do believe that sometimes we underestimate the power of the supplements that we take.
that we think, well, because it's natural and it's available over the counter, anybody can get it and the dose doesn't really matter.
And none of that's, that isn't always true.
You know, there are some supplements you can take that you say, well, a little is good and, you know, a whole lot better isn't really going to hurt you, but
Some supplements you have to really respect, like iodine is one of the supplements you really need to respect.
Even vitamin C, because if you take massive amounts of vitamin C at one time and you don't need it, it will cause you massive amounts of diarrhea.
And the same thing with magnesium.
Magnesium is a great supplement.
Most people are deficient in magnesium and they need more of it, but if you take a lot of magnesium,
Let me rephrase that.
When your body is saturated and it has as much magnesium as it needs, it spills it out and you get diarrhea.
So there are things that you need to know about supplements that just because it's supplement and it's natural and you think, well, because it's not prescription,
It's just fine to take whatever you want, whenever you want, and not really take the history of the patient or the person into consideration.
And I've been doing integrative medicines since 1996, is when I opened our clinic here in Cleveland, Ohio.
And so I have lots of experience in that arena and we do a lot of things with supplements, but we do them with their blood tests.
We actually do in the office that can tell you what you're deficient in and what you need.
And so you dose to that need instead of just blanketing across the board.

[SPEAKER_08]
That makes a heck of a lot of sense.
How many patients do you have?

[SPEAKER_01]
Oh, thousands.
Because some of them we've done telemedicine.
I'm always proud to say that over the years we've had patients from nearly all 50 states and about 18 foreign countries that have flown in.
And usually if they come in and see us in person, in the office they'll get a whole bunch of blood tests.
We do breast thermography in the office.
There are various different technologies that we do in the office.
And sometimes when you order the tests it can take
a couple weeks to get the results back.
So the patient comes in, they may spend the day with us, getting some treatments in the office, doing a thermography, getting blood tests, et cetera.
Then they fly home.
We've had people fly in from London, England, and do that.
We've had people fly in from the West Coast to do that.
And then when they go home, when the tests come in, which takes several weeks, then we just go over the results as a telemedicine conference.
They don't have to come back just to review the test.
We can do that over the phone.

[SPEAKER_08]
So can you do telemedicine in all 50 states?

[SPEAKER_01]
I, we can, you know, the telemedicine rules are, they vary from state to state.
You know, some of the states, like say, I'm just gonna make this up for sake of discussion.
Let's say Ohio may have the rules that you, as long as you're in Ohio, you can only do telemedicine for people in Ohio, unless you're also licensed in Indiana, Illinois, Texas, or wherever.
Other states have a group,
Like if you're in Ohio, you can also do telemedicine in these three states.
They have a reciprocity, but you can't do it outside of there.
So if you're a physician and you're thinking about entering into the telemedicine world, you need to know what the rules are by your state.
Now, when it was COVID, because of the lack of physicians that were actually practicing, you could go across state lines if you were just treating COVID.
During COVID, we did a lot of telemedicine on hydroxychloroquine and ivermectin.
When I started finding out that
people it's like what do you mean people can't get these medications the pharmacies are refusing to fill them and doctors are refusing to write them so i went on the radio here locally in cleveland ohio where i am and i said anybody in the state of ohio that wants a prescription call and do a telemedicine consult in our office we had a local compounding pharmacy that was willing to fill it and all of my practitioners were licensed in the state of ohio now i drew the line just to be people inside of ohio i mean i had enough of
You know, the state medical board was looking over my shoulder enough.
I didn't want to venture out beyond that.
And I knew it was perfectly legal for anybody in the state of Ohio.
And we treated thousands of people during that period of time with hydroxychloroquine and ivermectin.
And we did telemedicine consults about their history, what medications they were on.
Because there are certain medications where hydroxychloroquine is contraindicated.
So you needed to particularly psych drugs.
Some of the antidepressants and some of the other psych drugs would interact with hydroxychloroquine.
So we had nurses that would do complete histories, read an informed consent statement.
The patient would agree to give us permission to sign their
their, their, their signature.
And so it was a for real, like, it was no different than them sitting in the room with the patient, we did it on a telemedicine basis.
And we treated 1000s of people that way.

[SPEAKER_08]
What's your men loss record for treating COVID patients?
How many?

[SPEAKER_01]
Nobody died.

[SPEAKER_08]
Nobody died.
But you gave them the horse medicine.

[SPEAKER_01]
Oh, yeah.

[SPEAKER_08]
Or into the FDA.

[SPEAKER_01]
And lots of it.
And I still take it.
The ivermectin is also good for knocking down parasites that we're all exposed to all the time.
It helps with some of those just simple RNA type viruses.
So I take it twice a week and I have four or five years.
And I've not even so much as had a cold or anything.

[SPEAKER_08]
So when the FDA came out with the You're Not a Horse ad campaign, what was your reaction?

[SPEAKER_01]
My typical reaction to that was the same as my typical reaction to almost everything the FDA does.
You know, ignore them.
They know nothing.
Let's make them go away.
They're just signature pass-throughs for the pharmaceutical industry.

[SPEAKER_08]
So when you say you said thousands of patients who were talking about 5,000 or 10,000 or 2,000.

[SPEAKER_01]
Probably somewhere between three and 7,000, I would say.

[SPEAKER_08]
And zero deaths.

[SPEAKER_01]
No deaths.
I don't even think we had anybody that ended up in the hospital.

[SPEAKER_08]
So that's like, um, so COVID, uh, if you read the stats on it, it's like it killed like 10%.

[SPEAKER_01]
It increased the mortality rate by the actual stated death rate at the end of the day was 0.2% of people died from COVID.
When people died in the hospital, they, in my opinion, they died of medical malpractice.
They got the wrong drug and the wrong dose and the wrong treatment.
And that is what people died from, not from COVID, from mismanagement of COVID is how they died.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yep.
So medical boards try to go after you for prescribing ivermectin.

[SPEAKER_01]
No.

[SPEAKER_08]
Wow.

[SPEAKER_01]
They came after me because they right after I testified at the Ohio State down at the Ohio legislature.
It was the health committee and they asked me to come in and speak to the health committee and about side effects and symptoms that we've been seeing with coven.
And, and I, you know, really, I was supposed to have 15 minutes at the podium they kept me up there for more than an hour, they asked me a lot of questions and one of the questions they asked was, have we seen any unusual symptoms things you know really unusual symptoms from this.
And this would have been June of 21.
So we know that the shots came out in July of 2020.
Pfizer came out in the beginning of 21 is when J&J and AstraZeneca and Moderna came out in the beginning of January of 21.
So this would have been June of 21.
And I said, well, I don't know.
Have any of you seen all of these people, they stick a coin on their forehead and it sticks or they take their cell phone and put it on their arm and it sticks?
Those are pretty unusual symptoms.
And maybe somebody should look into that because we don't know what caused it and why it seems to happen to some people and not another.
And mainstream media proceeded to drag me through the mud about that.
Jimmy Kimmel and Brian Williams on the nightly news.
I mean, everybody called me out by name.
And still the conspiracy theorists, the doctor that tells people that they get magnetized after a covert shot.
It kind of follows me around Steve like, like toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe.
It's like you just can't get rid of it, you know, but yet now we've had.
papers that have come out talking about magnetism from the shots that has to do with the graphene oxide, perhaps some of the metal chips and things that they found in some of the shots.
And so there have been at least three or four papers that have come out that I was kind of vindicated about all that.
And it was taken completely out of context.
I was just answering a representative's question about, have you seen any unusual side effects?
And then they came after me, they sent me a long list of interrogatories to fill out, which was kind of interesting.
There were 30 questions they wanted me to answer.
When they sent me the interrogatories, they sent them by regular mail, certified mail,
by courier hand delivered and by email.
I guess they want didn't want me to use the excuse that I never got the question set of questions.
And many of them were very incriminatory and so I had my attorney was Tom Renz, who answered them.
And then we had a series of those letters.
They came in and one of them, they wanted me to show up at a university hospital at such and such a time on such and such a day and bring a $2,200 check to get an evaluation by a psychiatrist, which we refused to do.
And so there was a series of maybe four rounds of those letters.
And then they finally pulled me in for a hearing and they sanctioned my license because of failure to cooperate with their investigation.
And Tom had said, that's nonsense, just because they didn't like the answer, didn't mean you didn't cooperate.
And the other attorney, Eric, that I was working with, he looked back in the state medical board records back 40 years and could not find another doctor whose license had been suspended for failure to cooperate over the last 40 years.
So about a year later, I said to Eric, I said, you know, I'm getting a lot of questionnaires and things that are coming in the mail that the questions are, has your license ever been suspended or are you under investigation by your state medical board?
I said, I kind of want this to go away.
I said, what would be the next step?
He said, well, you go answer the original set of questions that they sent you.
So I looked at him and now we are two years later,
And so I could answer those questions because we had so much data and so much documentation.
So I answered all their questions.
We sent it in by certified mail and the state medical board sat on it for four months.
And Eric kept trying to get hold of him and all, no response, crickets.
So Eric said, I said, what's the next step?
He said, we'll file a writ of mandamus with them.
And I said, well, what's that?
And he said, we'll go to the judge and tell the judge to tell the state medical board to do their job.
He said, which could be a little bit dicey, he said, because I don't think any physician has ever gone to a judge and said, tell the state medical board to investigate me.
And so the night before we filed it, Eric called the attorney for the State Medical Board, who he knew, and he said, this is what we're going to do tomorrow.
And the attorney for the State Medical Board called an emergency meeting for which they reinstated my license and unsuspended all the things along with that.
Now, what was interesting about that was three of the board of the State Medical Board people voted against me.
They wanted my license to stay revoked.
even though there was no malpractice, they said at the hearing, we're not suspending your license over your position on vaccines, over your position on ivermectin, over your saying magnetism about COVID, we're doing it simply because you failed to cooperate with our investigation.
So I wanted my license, even though I'm not practicing, I'm probably not going to go back to seeing patients, but I wanted that to be in my control, not in theirs.

[SPEAKER_08]
So you're not practicing, but you have a clinic.
So what do you mean you're not practicing?

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, I have a doctor and a nurse practitioner, two physicians assistant, a bunch of nurses and things like that.
So that actually work there and see patients.
It's just, I don't particularly see patients.

[SPEAKER_08]
I see.
Okay.
So, but you didn't get an evaluation by a psychiatrist so they could argue that you didn't cooperate with their investigation, right?

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, I suppose.
I suppose that and I wouldn't answer their silly questions.
Things like, do you tell patients not to get an MMR vaccine?
And since you tell them that, have you seen any patients in your office that have had the measles?
Well, first of all, I never tell about somebody not to get vaccinated.
I'll say, here's the risk of the vaccine.
Here's the risk of the infection.
You choose.
And if you don't want to get it, here's the reason why.
And no, I haven't seen any cases of measles in my practice or meningitis or hip infection or, for God sakes, polio, which has not been in the Western hemisphere since 1991.
Why we still give kids for polio vaccines is beyond me.
And so it's.
So they went through every single vaccine on the schedule and said, since you tell them not to get it, have you seen this condition?
It's like, well, I cut and pasted all my answers.
I don't tell them that.
And no, I've not seen any of these incidences.
So.
We're hoping that someday it actually there is there's a case brewing out in Nebraska of suing the Federation of State Medical Boards for for overreach and suppression of First Amendment rights by telling physicians that they can't practice the way that they want to practice.
And so I'm hoping that that will get some teeth and get behind these horrible organizations.

[SPEAKER_08]
So did they ask you whether you recommended the COVID vaccine to any patients and for the list of side effects for those patients that you recommended the COVID shots for?
Well, they asked me if I... And how many people died from the COVID vaccine?
Like, did they ask you any of those questions on the other side?
I mean, because they're fair and balanced, right?

[SPEAKER_01]
They asked me if I recommended the COVID vaccine.
I said no.
They asked me would I administer any of these vaccines in my clinic?
I said no.
But if people want to get vaccinated, there are plenty of places where they can do that.
The public health department or at their other physician's office or whatever.
We don't administer vaccines in the office.
And then one of the questions is have we seen any side effects from the COVID shot and what side effects have we seen?
And I said endless, I could write endless amount of side effects that we've seen.

[SPEAKER_08]
They actually asked you that question?

[SPEAKER_01]
They did.
I think they said, have we seen any people that had COVID and have they had any reactions to the COVID shot?
Thinking, I'm sure that they thought the answer would be, of course we've seen patients that have been vaccinated.
No, they don't have a single side effect.
Well, they were asking the wrong person that question.

[SPEAKER_08]
Oh, man.
So do these people have names or are they nameless and faceless?

[SPEAKER_01]
They're faceless, but they certainly have names, yeah.

[SPEAKER_08]
But you don't know what their names are, right?

[SPEAKER_01]
No, we know them.
It's public record.

[SPEAKER_08]
Oh, really?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_08]
So any so like if I tried to contact them and ask them for an interview or have them on the show.

[SPEAKER_01]
Oh, well, good luck with that.
You know, they they know they they're not they're faceless, but they're not nameless.
And they you can certainly contact them.

[SPEAKER_08]
Right.
But but you'll get ghosted.

[SPEAKER_01]
I'm sure.
like no chance like, but it would really be really cool if you tried.
Cause I actually have a list of the names.
I don't know what the names are off the top of my head of the.
That there, I believe there are 15 people on the medical board.
That may not be accurate, but I think there's 15.
Three voted against me and I think four or five abstained from voting.
And then the other ones voted yes, that the numbers turned out so that I could get my license reinstated.

[SPEAKER_08]
So we should probably put it as a question to say, how much would we need to pay you in order to have you on the VSO?
Name your price.
well and and see what see what they what they come back with normally when you do that there is no price it's infinite amount of money uh to get them to appear well that would be really interesting if you even gave it gave that a try steve not only in the state of ohio but any state medical board
That would be interesting.
If anybody knows, anybody that would be willing to be on our show and represent the other side of this question, please let us know in the chat.
So did you see these magnetism cases personally where people were magnetic?
They came into the office and they said, Hey, look, I'm now magnetic.

[SPEAKER_01]
No, but I have a short story about that.
I was asked sometime in that summer, there was a health freedom conference over on the other side of town about 35 minutes from where I live.
And it was a patriot group.
And so the guy who put this together, you know,
Um, he met me at the door, you know, to give me, tell me where to go around the room.
It was pretty good size.
It was maybe 500 people there.
And he said, I have a, he, he told me, he said, I have a story to tell you.
I said, okay.
He said, I'm not vaccinated, but my wife is.
And he said, we went to dinner last night.
And she said, who's speaking at your meeting tomorrow?
And he said, I invited Dr. Sherry Tenpenny to come over and speak at our meeting.
And she goes, oh, that crazy person that says people get magnetized?
He goes, yeah, her.
And she said, well, look at this.
And she took a quarter out of her purse and put it on her forehead, and it stuck.
And he said, she said, wait a minute, let me, let me put it over here and it's stuck.
And then she put it on the side of her face and it's stuck.
And she said, maybe I ought to come and listen to what she has to say tomorrow at your meeting.
And so he said, so my wife got, you know, did this little exam and was she see, he said she was blown away.

[SPEAKER_08]
Wow.

[SPEAKER_01]
Interesting.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_08]
That is a great story.
So I wanted to ask you about chlorine dioxide.
Do you use it, recommend it, know about it?

[SPEAKER_01]
I know about it, but I don't have any experience with it and using it or recommending it or anything.
It's just not in my armamentarium.

[SPEAKER_08]
Okay.
Is that something that you might be looking into or?

[SPEAKER_01]
I personally won't am not, but I do know a lot of people that have looked into it.
I've heard miracle stories about it.
You know, Todd calendar is a good friend of mine and he's the one, you know, it sort of saved his life, you know, sort of things like that.
And so, you know, there are lots of people that use it and recommend it.
And since I'm really not seeing patients right now,
I really haven't looked into it.
I've met the people that make it I've met them at conferences and stuff like that.
They seem to be great people.
And I think that it's like a lot of things.
It's like that is similar to like, say, my chronic silver or
DMSO or magnet therapy, I kind of look at those as a kind of an all or nothing.
Either they work for people and they're miracles and they just have great testimonials and they really changed their life or it just didn't do anything at all.
And so most of the time I'm like, try it.
What have you got to lose?
Just make sure that you do little doses of it at least to start and take your time to build up.

[SPEAKER_08]
Okay, let me ask you about autism.
You think vaccines cause autism?
You think there might be a connection?

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, what is autism at its core?
Brain injury.
What can every single one of the vaccines cause?
Brain injury, encephalitis, encephalopathy.
It's written right on the package inserts.
So if it can cause encephalitis, encephalopathy, it's a brain injury.
And then children end up with brain injuries.
And they lose their ability to speak.
They stim and do all the things that they do.
So yes, vaccines cause autism.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yes.
Have you ever been able to convince any doctor of that who was previously of the belief that vaccines don't cause autism?

[SPEAKER_01]
I don't think you can convince any doctors anything.
I think that they lost their ability to think as soon as they graduated from medical school.
There's a cartoon that I saw one time, Steve, it was a cartoon of people graduating from medical school walking across the stage and they got in front in the middle of the stage and they
put the hat on and they you know the little thing they put around your neck they took two more steps and a robot took the hat off and lifted their brain out and put another brain in
put the hat back on and then they walked off the stage, which meant as soon as you graduated, you stopped thinking and this brain that they put in its head, it was labeled pharmaceutical industry.
And so it was just a cartoon and I probably saw it 15 years ago, but I've never forgotten it because I have always felt that it was true.
In medical school, you work really hard to understand anatomy, physiology, biochemistry,
A pharmacology surgery all the stuff that you learn how to do if you are a smart student you might look into energy meaning you would look into acupuncture and reiki and some of these other things are in muscle testing like a lot chiropractors learn all that, but then.
As soon as you graduate and you become a W-2 employee of a very large pharmaceutical company or a big hospital system, you just stop thinking.
If you get a complicated case that just seems really, really difficult, it's like, well, they don't fit into any of my boxes, so maybe they're crazy.
Let's send them to the psychiatrist.
And it's matching symptom pill, symptom pill, symptom pill, symptom pill.
And the only tool in your toolbox, the only tool in your toolbox is a prescription pad.
It's like the expression, if the only tool in your toolbox is a hammer, everything looks like a nail.
If the only tool in your toolbox is your prescription pad, then all you know how to do is to write words on a piece of paper called a prescription, making the pharmaceutical companies billions of dollars by handing these out,
You know, Steve, if the pharmaceutical industry wasn't such a nefarious, evil industry, it would be the best business model ever.
You get the smartest, most driven, aggressive young people who are willing to go into debt by $400,000
And they spend the rest of their lives writing words on a piece of paper and making me rich.
I don't have to pay their retirement.
I don't have to give them vacations.
I don't have to listen to their complaints.
They don't need benefits.
I don't do anything for them except maybe take them lunch once in a while.
They're making me billions of dollars.
I mean, what other industry has that business model like that?
I think it would be incredible business model, but wasn't so awful.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yep.
Totally agree.
So are there any vaccines that you do recommend?
Do you think there are any safe vaccines or do you avoid them all?
Like if a friend came to you and said, hey, should I give my kids any vaccines or should I take any vaccines for myself?
Which ones are the safe ones that I should take?

[SPEAKER_01]
I would say every one of them are poison and a little poison is still poison.
The only one that
that I would recommend under certain circumstances is a rabies vaccine.
If you've been bitten by a rabbit animal or a suspectedly rabbit animal, it's the only chance you have of living.
And so, you know, the risk benefit is that you will die if you're bitten by a rabbit animal.
And when I was in medical school, the rabies vaccine was only ever given therapeutically.
You only used it in the event that a person had been bitten by a rabbit animal or the animal was suspected to be rabid.
Now they give them routinely.
I mean, you have to get a rabies vaccine to get into veterinarian school.
And the parents get them routinely.
And when you read the package insert of the ingredients of a rabies vaccine, it is the most filthy vile stuff you can imagine.
Three known carcinogens are in it.
And it's they're they're just awful.
That would be the only one that I would recommend.
In fact, Steve, about six months ago now, I decided I was not going to talk about the pediatric vaccination schedule anymore.
I was going to call it what it is.
the pediatric poisoning schedule that we systematically on time on a schedule inject children with poisons.
And so it's a poisoning schedule that we that we barrage parents into taking their children in to give them these shots on time.
And what last week the American Academy of Pediatrics just came out with a new policy statement
that they want all nonmedical exemptions to be removed.
So everyone's choice of what gets injected into their body or into the body of their children, they want it removed because of public health safety.
Oh, I guess we just can't have somebody get the flu.
you know or oh my gosh we can't you know in a lot of times the question that comes up is is a meningitis I'll circle back to that in a minute but I cannot understand this they I went on a rant the other day about the American Academy of Pediatrics just really how dare these people do this
I mean, I've long said, Steve, that the separation between me and my government begins at the level of my skin.
You are not gonna inject anything into me against my will or something.
I don't wanna be there.
And that's what the American Academy of Pediatrics policy statement is now saying.
Under the rare circumstance that you may be allergic to one of the ingredients in a vaccine,
or you got the vaccine and now you have had a reaction, we will give you a medical exemption for that vaccine so that you don't have to get any more.
But every other vaccine on that schedule and multiple doses of it, we want to take away your right to refuse.
You can no longer have a religious exemption or a philosophical exemption to refuse to be injected with known carcinogens and known poisons.
and more than 100 chemicals and cow blood and chicken parts and dog kidney cells and all this disgusting stuff that comes in vaccines.
That is a very wicked document because they published it as a policy statement.
So if it's as a policy statement, then the insurance companies will pick that up.
The school boards will pick that up.
Most of the pediatricians will now use it as a weapon to force all the people in their practice to get vaccinated.
The health care systems will eventually use it to say, well, all of your patients have to be 100% vaccinated if you want to get your quarterly bonuses, or if you want to get a raise, or if you still want to work for this health care system.
It's an awful document.
It's absolutely horrible.

[SPEAKER_08]
So do you think the officers of the AAP have taken all the COVID shots?

[SPEAKER_01]
I'm sure they have.
And they've probably given it to their wife and their kids and their grandkids too.

[SPEAKER_08]
They think they've gotten all the shots every six months.

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, they probably at least gotten two shots in a booster.

[SPEAKER_08]
Oh, for sure.
But do you think they are they're on shot number six?

[SPEAKER_01]
I don't know.
Twenty three percent of America is still taking boosters.
You know, when I heard that, I was like, what's wrong with those people?
Yeah, that 23 percent.
Yeah, I've heard that in multiple different places.

[SPEAKER_08]
Wow, that's pretty surprising.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, no kidding.

[SPEAKER_08]
So can you explain to me if the vaccines work, why would you need to vaccinate kids at school because everybody at school is protected?

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, there was a lot of question that came out from the very beginning of why we were given to children at all, because they didn't get covid.
And if they did, it was just like a cold.
So they weren't.
So now with the new policy coming out from the FDA saying this new spike backs, we only give it to children that are risk.
Well, there's no children at risk.
Why do you want to do this?
Oh, well, maybe they have heart disease.
Oh, but COVID shots cause heart disease.
Oh, but maybe they have cancer and we want to protect them.
Oh, but COVID shots cause cancer.
I mean, it is just an unbelievable mess.
Unbelievable mess.

[SPEAKER_08]
And of course they make sure that they hide all the data.
I was contacted recently by a whistleblower for a major hospital system.
And he said, he did a query on vaccines and autism, and he found that there was a seven and a half fold increase in autism in kids that were vaccinated versus kids that are unvaccinated.
Just looking at it in his, just as this very, very, very, very large hospital system, hospital network.
Well, you know, the US seven and a half times higher rate of autism.
If you are vaccinated versus if you're not vaccinated.

[SPEAKER_01]
Have you seen the book Vaxxed versus unvaxed by Brian Herker chapter two?
Oh, Brian's Brian's a good friend of mine.
And he said when, you know, um,
RFK, when they wrote that book, when he was still with Children's Health Defense, he said to Brian, he said, I want you to go look and see how many studies you can find that really are well-done studies, scientifically would have all the criteria to be qualified for a control group of unvaccinated kids, Vax versus UnVac.
And Brian told me, he said, he thought this was going to be a weekend project because he thought he might find one or two.
And they found, I think there's 63 or something like that in that book.
There's a lot.
And he was just shocked at how many had already been done that nobody knows anything about it.
And that's why they wrote that book.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.
Yeah.
And there are 10 studies of, uh, completely unvaxxed first, completely back showing that the unvaxxed have always done better, but the, there are no studies between the two cohorts showing that vaccinated kids are healthier.

[SPEAKER_01]
Because they're not right.
So I mean, that's like, it's like, you know, you drop a boulder on somebody's foot and you say, how many of those kids don't break their toes?
It's like, it's because none of them are healthy.
Also, and we always focus on autism.
which is at the far end of the continuum.
What comes before that is asthma, allergies, eczema, ADD, ADHD, insulin-dependent diabetes, a long list of neurological conditions, a long list of autoimmune conditions, cancers of all kinds, and then as severe as autism.
And so, you know, it's insane.

[SPEAKER_08]
When are we going to have accountability here?
You know, I just texted William Thompson at the CDC and Thompson, of course, is the whistleblower at the CDC who said, yeah, they told me to destroy all the data that link vaccines and autism so they could write a paper saying that there was no link.
And so I texted him the info from this health care system with a 7.5 times increase in autism in kids that have been vaccinated versus kids that have not been vaccinated.
And I said, at the bottom, I wrote, do you think anyone at the CDC wouldn't want to investigate this?

[SPEAKER_01]
Did you get a response?

[SPEAKER_08]
Not yet.

[SPEAKER_01]
No, of course not.

[SPEAKER_08]
I'm kind of curious.
No, no, no, no.
No, he responds.
I mean, we're friends.

[SPEAKER_01]
Let me just see if he's... You know, that's when you said about accountability, Steve.
That's why I wrote the book, Zero Accountability in a Failed System, because the system is completely failed.
We've had no accountability since 1986.
We've had no accountability since the 1986 act.
And then the PrEP Act came in 2005, which made it even worse.
They've had no accountability for any of these jokers during the PrEP Act.
During COVID, Fauci is still walking around, Berks is still walking around, and she's now on the board of Palantir.
None of the people from One Health, nobody has had any accountability for anything.
And I've been told that there's a good possibility that RFK has been told to stand down when it comes to the COVID shots because there are hundreds in the developmental pipeline and there's no accountability.
And the sad part about it is that there's no accountability in the medical system.
I write a lot in the book about
Things that we don't normally talk about that helps the people in our in our circles and health freedom don't generally talk a lot about the specifics of the Prep Act that prohibit the funding of the covered injury countermeasure program.
Excuse me.
I talk a lot about Healthy People, the Healthy People program that started in 1980.
I talk about the weaponization of health care.
I talk about, you know, the bird flu then and now.
You know, it's, excuse me.
The one thing I can say about this book is that there's something in it for everybody, you know whether you have been in these circles for a long time, and have been investigating stuff with vaccines and public health you know when we first launched this, it was number one in the public health category for weeks, we bounce between number one and number three.
in the public health category.
And so if people have been in this arena for a long time and been talking about problems with vaccines and problems with public health and the law, the PrEP Act and all those things, it still has things for you to learn.
And if you're brand new to this topic, it's going to blow your socks off, the stuff that you've learned.
Dr. Suzanne Humphries wrote the foreword to the book,
And, and I, she had read the book and then I came back and I wanted her to redo her forward.
She said I don't have time to read the whole book again I said well just read chapters 1516 like 1415 and 16 I believe that's what it is or 1516 and 17 about the, the weaponization of healthcare, and about.
the sacrifice for the greater good, just read those chapters.
And she said, I thought I knew all this stuff.
I really did.
She said, but I learned so much.
You've dug into so many different things that I didn't know about.
And it was interesting when I did the research on the CICP program, I learned a ton of stuff that I didn't know.
Now between me and Suzanne, there probably are very few people that live their entire lives looking at vaccine material.
And neither one of us knew about this.
So, Steve, you know, the CICP program, the Countermeasure Injury Compensation Program, they've only adjudicated 40 cases, 40 for zero, of the millions of people that have been injured and died.

[SPEAKER_08]
Forty cases in how many years?

[SPEAKER_01]
Five.
Because the statute of limitations ran out after one year.
And we know that Ed Dowd said that somewhere between 7.5 and 15 million people have been killed.
Up to 60 million people have been disabled.
More than 90 hundred million people in the world have been injured.
And in the United States, we have 1.6 million people that filed reports with VAERS.
which was the wrong program to file with.
And there was a one year statute of limitations.
So they looked at 40 cases, two of them got significant payouts for their injury compensation.
So if you subtract those two as outliers and average the other 38, the average payout was $4,000.
and they paid out nothing for a death, anybody that died.
And it's just an absolute travesty.
It's a disaster of what, you know, the democide of what our government did.
Democide is death by government.
And that's exactly what happened.
And all of those people that took one for the team and it was the right thing to do.
And I want to go see grandma and I want to travel and all these different excuses that people had that ended up with
Horrible, lifetime, unremitting injuries.
The government just said, thanks, see ya.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, yeah.
So what do you think in the book, if you were to pick your three most sort of shocking things that you didn't know about before you wrote the book, what would the top three be that if we didn't have time to read the book, what were the top three things that you would want people to know that
were that kind of your blow your socks off?
God, I can't believe they did this.

[SPEAKER_01]
The main thing I would say is the CICP program, because I didn't know about it and I didn't know how bad it was.
That's in the chapter 17, that sacrifice for the greater good, how public health became weaponized.
That whole chapter is about the travesty of Medicare and how Medicare was the beginning of weaponization of the health care system, followed on top of that with electronic medical records.
So I go into a lot of that in the chapter on weaponized, how public health became weaponized.
And I think that
probably the section on the details about human cell lines, animal cell lines, and adjuvants, because I went into deeper on that than what I'd ever have done before to find out just how dirty and filthy that vial is and what's coming through the needle.
But I think that those chapters are really important.
It would be like the weaponization of health care.
You know, I don't think that people really understand the the role that Medicare played.
in the weaponization of healthcare.
And when you turn 65, you are required to sign up for Medicare.
If you do not sign up for Medicare within 90 days of your birthday, you can be denied all of your social security benefits, because they're linked together.
You have to get into the government healthcare.
Even at 65, many people are still gaining employed.
They're still working for employers that provide.
healthcare, they or they got their own businesses, they don't really need to go on government funded healthcare.
But if you don't do it, you'll lose your social security.
And that is wrong.
That is absolutely the two things got coupled together by Clinton in the Clinton administration.
And they almost had it decoupled.
Twyla Braze is on my show once a month, and we talk about this a lot.
And the Citizens Council for Health Freedom, which she's the CEO and a co-founder of, they almost had that unbuckled in
President Trump's last administration.
They're going to try to do it again, but he's so wound up in this whole AI thing and how great AI is and what's going to happen with AI in healthcare now that is a big press release that he just think he did yesterday and all these different things.
I don't know if he'll do that.
But one of the key things about why Medicare has been so awful, not only that, what I just said, but when Medicare was put into place in 1963 or 64,
The life expectancy for men at that point in time was 67 and for women it was 71.
And these were older older people that had just come out of World War Two, they were veterans, they'd had all these things and so I imagine that during that time the government said,
We could take care of our elderly for a couple of years.
They're going to sign up for this in 65.
The men are going to die at 67.
The women are going to die at 71.
They fought in the war.
They did all these things.
The older ones came through.
They came through the depression.
We need to take care of them for a couple of years.
not anticipating now that you know the average life expectancy of men is like it's like 85 and women is like 87 or something like that and to understand the cost of all that care between ages of 65 and 85 and all and as you get older you get sicker and you end up with more medications and more tests and more doctors and the underlying people the younger people
aren't enough of them and they aren't working enough to be able to fund this.
So it's a real conundrum.
And every time that our Congress says, you know, we really need to, you know, think about Medicare, there's this big explosion from the baby boomers and say, you can't touch Medicare.
When
maybe if they just did something simple like raise the retirement age from 65 to 67 they've already shown that that would save like a trillion dollars a year or something but they won't do it they can't touch medicare which is a big travesty and a big mistake and then when instituted electronic medical records that 2.2 million people can access those records
And now with their press conference that they did yesterday, the new AI thing that you can access your health care records everywhere and have freedom of movement of your health care, it's going to be a real disaster, Steve.
It's really going to be bad.
Or it has the potential to be bad.
Let me say it like that.

[SPEAKER_08]
Potential to be bad because why?

[SPEAKER_01]
If the government databases are controlled by Amazon and Apple and Microsoft and 66, I think I read the press release today, more than 60 big tech and big hospital systems have already agreed to get involved with this.
If our individual private
stuff is all managed by them and they were all bragging about this new app on your phone that will have your age, your height, your weight, your BMI, and it will tell you what you can and cannot eat or what's good for your blood sugar and what isn't.
And now they want to have you wear wearables to track your blood sugar and all of that.
So what happens if you want to buy a candy bar?
Will it let you?

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, no, it'll show it'll give you an electronic shock or something like that.

[SPEAKER_01]
Or, or eventually if it's coupled in with, with your digital ID and the central bank digital currency, they'll say there's no money for you to buy that today.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.
Oh, darn it.
What did you, are you aware of, um, uh, a Massey's bill?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yes, Massey's bill and there's, and he introduced the retraction of the 1986 act and then who's the congressman that introduced the repealing of the prep act.
There's there's another one that happened.
He's from Mississippi, I believe.
And he introduced to repeal the prep act.
The repeal of the 1986 act, the way that it's written right now is pretty good.
But you know what happens with bills, they look all bright and shiny.
And then they do all these things to them.
And it ends up to be some nefarious, awful thing on the other side.
If it gets to that point at all, my biggest concern about the repealing of the 1986 act is what the pharmaceutical industry would say.
Okay, fine.
You don't want to give us liability.
We're taking away theirs.
We're taking away the vaccine court.
We're taking away the payments for damaged people that get injured from a vaccine.

[SPEAKER_08]
You mean the $40 they're giving people?

[SPEAKER_01]
That's the PrEP Act and that's $4,000, but it's really, you know, that's not even the cost of an ER visit, let alone cost of chronic care, you know?
So I think that there'll be some big, right now the bill says it doesn't touch any of those things, but my concern is that it can.
And the second about the PrEP Act, I mean, Secretary Kennedy could end that tomorrow with a stroke of a pen.
We no longer have an emergency.
He could just say effective today, the EAU is done, which means then we could all sue the pharmaceutical industries because they're no longer under the protection of the Prep Act, which should have been done first week he was in office.
At least of us people say that, you know?

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, I talked to him about that.
He said that there were ramifications if he did that, but we didn't go into details.

[SPEAKER_01]
Oh, I'm sure there are ramifications.
There's ramifications for him to even say good morning.
Well, that I'm, you know, everything he does is under such scrutiny.

[SPEAKER_08]
I can't imagine the pressure he's under.
It's like Vinay Prasad, essentially forced to resign under pressure.

[SPEAKER_01]
There's kind of a mixed bag of information about that out there.
So I, you know, it's, it's he said, she said, and somewhere's the truth, you know, somewhere in the middle, you know,

[SPEAKER_08]
All right, so speaking of truth, let's open it up for questions.

[SPEAKER_04]
Here I am.
I'm back.
Fantastic conversation so far.
And I wanted to ask or bring up a couple of things that were discussed.
One is the magnets.
Somebody wrote in the chat, Buskman wrote, quarters aren't magnetic.
doctor probably sweat condensation on her skin.
I can stick spoons to my nose the same way.
Now I wanted a before I get your response to that.
I witnessed it firsthand.
I was doing a program with someone else a while back with Chris Martinson.
and his daughter's friend got recently jabbed.
So we went in there and I filmed this with several refrigerator magnets and we just started popping them on her arm right at the vaccination site and about four magnets all just stuck on perfectly and we did it to two people.
So I just wanted to say I saw this and filmed it with my own eyes and have the footage.
But I wanted to get your take, Dr. Tenpenny.

[SPEAKER_08]
Have you shared that, Olivia, on social media?

[SPEAKER_04]
Back when it happened, we were still on YouTube at the time, and then of course it got deleted.

[SPEAKER_08]
Oh, no.
What a shame.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, it got canceled.

[SPEAKER_01]
So you still have the video, right?

[SPEAKER_04]
I have it somewhere.
I have to blur her face.
I've got to go into my archives because I know I have it from from the peak prosperity.
So I did witness it.
But we actually use we didn't use quarters or coin.
We used refrigerator.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, quarters.
I don't see how that would work.

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, maybe it was a nickel, maybe it was some other, and it wasn't, I didn't put it on my forehead.
This was told to me by the guy who was the head of the seminar that his wife had done it in front of him.

[SPEAKER_08]
Stories may be distorted when they get told.

[SPEAKER_01]
It was just from the night before.
They had gone out to dinner the night before.
It wasn't long time later, but she put a coin on her and it stuck.
Remember coins are, you know, there's, there's tin and there's other types of metals in there.
It's, you know, that can be in a coin.
So I was just reporting what I was told.

[SPEAKER_04]
The other thing you were about to start talking about, and I wanted to follow up on what you were going to say about meningitis and the meningitis vaccine.

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, I think this was in maybe 2012.
Ohio is one of the last 14 states that has a philosophical exemption that says, I don't wanna have the vaccines and you don't have to do it.
And they were pushing to put the meningitis vaccine on the school schedule.
And so what I did was I called the state health department
of the state of Ohio, and I wanted to know how many cases, because meningitis is a reportable disease.
So I wanted to know how many cases of meningitis had been reported in the state of Ohio during a two-year period of time.
I guess maybe this was 2015, because I got the data for 2012, 13, and 14.
And there had only been, and I'm not going to tell you the exact numbers of these, is not correct.
But it was something like there was only 22 cases in the state over a three-year period of time.
There's 9 million people that live here.
And none of them were in the age between 5 and 18.
None of them.
So I used that data to write a letter to the state of Ohio to say, don't put this vaccine on the schedule.
It's going to cost the state of Ohio a lot of money.
And it's not necessary.
And they said, well, you still have the right to refuse, except, you know, every school, every fall, they send out these letters to parents saying, your child isn't up to date.
We've tried multiple times to get the letter to say on the backside of the letter, to have a copy of the Ohio's exemption law on the backside of it.
So parents knew that they could opt out and we could never get that passed.
So they pushed that because one of the congressmen from Finley, Ohio had a niece or something that had died years ago from meningitis.
And so he wanted to make sure that that meningitis vaccine was on the schedule.
But it's unnecessary.
If you think antibodies protect you, antibodies from a meningitis vaccine only last for about two years.
And it's a really rare disease.
In fact, when I was in emergency medicine for 12 years at a level two trauma center and a pretty busy ER, I only saw one case of meningitis in 12 years.
So, you know.

[SPEAKER_04]
I got meningitis in 1997.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, so that would have been before they came out with a vaccine.
The vaccine came out about 2006 or seven, something like that.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, there was no vaccine.
I just had the worst headache of my life and went to the ER and then they quarantined me, gave me Dilaudid and just let my body fend off the virus for about five days.
And I survived, I'm still here.

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, and the meningitis vaccines are for bacterial meningitis, not for viral meningitis anyways.

[SPEAKER_04]
Right, and I had the viral meningitis, fortunately, or I may not have made it the other way around.
The other question about vaccines is the from Patriot 1776 and they just wrote tetanus shot.
Is that one of the vaccines that you may or may not recommend?

[SPEAKER_01]
I think that as long as you can clean out the wound and it's not a deep puncture wound.
So what happens a lot of times with deep puncture wounds is you if you pretend my hand has a shoe on it and you step on something
And it goes through your shoe into your foot and pushes a little bit of that shoe and sock up inside of your, you know, the soft tissue-y part of your foot.
If you go to the emergency room and they don't numb that up and pull out the stuff that's in there,
you're liable to get some sort of a cellulitis or infection.
But when I first started doing my research on tetanus, and I've written a couple of e-books on this, is that you can have four or more tetanus shots and still contract tetanus.
And tetanus is really rare.
It's another reportable disease.
The last time the CDC even reported on it was maybe 10 years ago.
because there are so few cases.
So if you can clean out the wound, you don't need to get another tetanus shot.
There was a study that came out, I believe in 2016, that showed that if you've had two tetanus shots somewhere in your life, where most people have had four tetanus shots when they were kids, the two, four, six months and before they started school, if you've had at least two tetanus shots in your life,
you don't need to get another shot for more than 60 years because the antibodies stick around.
Now think about how the antibodies to a tetanus shot were even formed.
They were formed in the 1940s when they tested tetanus on ferrets.
And they determined that to have a level of antibody of 0.015 of IUs per ml was enough
antibodies to keep you from getting tetanus, but they only proved that in ferrets.
It's never been proven in humans.
And the CDC data says you can have four or more tetanus shots and still get full-blown tetanus.
So the first time when I read that, when I was investigating that, that's when the whole vaccine paradigm fell apart for me.
because I thought if you can have four or more tetanus shots, and there are publications that show that the people that have very high tetanus antibodies and they still contract full-blown tetanus,
And if you get tetanus shots that you don't need, you can end up with heart disease.
In fact, the thing about getting a routine tetanus shot every 10 years, we're the only country really that does that.
They don't do that in Europe.
They don't do that in other places.
And so, you know, hyper tetanus can be a real problem.
So I think it's on an individualized basis.
If you can get things cleaned out, and you've had at least two tetanus shots somewhere in your life, you really don't need anymore.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thank you for clarifying that.
That's been a conversation here inside the BSRF team about is that one of the shots that might be worth getting?
Question from Dr. Laura.
Dr. Tenpenny, would you please tell us some of the aspects of the protocols that you are using for the VACs injured that appear to be working best?

[SPEAKER_01]
I'm back centered as in any of that.

[SPEAKER_04]
I would I would imagine COVID vaccine injured, but they didn't.
Dr. Laura did not specify which one, but I'm assuming she's talking about the COVID vaccine.

[SPEAKER_01]
We've used the best in the office are the are the ozonated of the is we call it UBI.
which is ultra blood irradiation where you pull out your blood and then you run it through this machine and then you put it back in you when it ozonates the blood along the way.
That's been the thing that has helped what I think is the best.
When I tell people that
that have been vaccine injured, or at least particularly the people that have had the vaccines, but they don't really seem to have any side effects.
And they spend a lot of mental, emotional, and physical energy going, how do I detox from this?
How do I get this out of my system?
What I generally tell people is there's a lot of elements of that is that's not going to be able to get out of your system, because the spike proteins embed into tissues.
And so how do you get that out?
And if the spike protein has gone in through and gotten into your DNA, how do you get that out?
So I think that the most important thing to do really is think about just cleansing
your entire health, your entire body.
We use a lot of zeolite products, we use phobic mineral products, cleanse your body, take out the white sugar, white flour, white rice, white homogenized cow's milk, we call the great whites, and take the right supplements that you need for your body.
Like I said, we do tests in the office to test people, excuse me, to see what they really need
And then have your, you know, do the best you can to heal your overall body and take care of your health.
Because as an osteopathic principle, the body is a self-healing, you know, kind of machine.
And so when it finds damage, there are enzyme systems and different things that it does to repair itself.
So you have a better opportunity of just working on overall health and for that to minimize and sort of wall off the shots in your body than to spend so much time and energy trying to get rid of something that you can't measure.
There is still to this day, no direct measurement for spike protein.
You don't know if you can't get a blood test, urine test, saliva test, or stool test that says, oh, you've got this much spike protein in your body.
We're going to do this procedure and then redo it and find out that you've got this much spike protein.
There's no test that you can do that.

[SPEAKER_02]
None.

[SPEAKER_01]
You can have indirect tests with antibody levels to spike protein.
But what is that measuring?
Is that antibodies to spike protein in your blood or spike protein that is embedded in your tissues?
What about the spike protein that goes into your brain, the spike protein that's into your DNA by insertional mutagenesis?
There's so much we don't know.
And the biggest problem with all of that, Livio, is that nobody's studying it, because the people that would study it, there's no money for it, and the government doesn't care.

[SPEAKER_04]
Right.
There's no interest from the government or the pharmaceutical study at all.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_01]
That was sort of like, you know, one of the questions I used to get a lot at the beginning of COVID was what about the blood supply?
You know, if I have to get a blood transfusion, how do I know I'm getting pure blood and I'm not getting blood from somebody that's had two shots and multiple boosters?
And you don't.
You know, early on in COVID, Japan stopped accepting donated blood from COVID vaccinated people.
So we knew early on that it was a problem.
That was like way in the beginning of 21 or 22, for sure.
But they never made a distinction here.
And people who wanted to get pure blood, they only wanted to have donation of blood from a specific donor that had not been vaccinated.
You can do it, but it is a big problem.
And most of the hospital systems say, you can send your donor in here and we'll take their donated blood.
but we cannot guarantee that that donated blood is going to get into you.
Right.
It's going to sit in our refrigerator and be mixed in with the rest of it.
We cannot guarantee you that your clean blood from your designated donor is going to get into your arm when you need a blood transfusion.
And it's been a real problem, a real problem.
And people say, well, why isn't the government concerned about that?
It's because the government is saying, if you can get passively vaccinated with COVID by getting blood from a COVID vaccinated person, it's another win for the team.

[SPEAKER_08]
Another win.

[SPEAKER_01]
We got you vaccinated without even having to give you a shot.

[SPEAKER_04]
There you go.
You're gonna get you from any angle possible.
Oh my gosh.
Question from Genius AF.
Yeah, we know what the AF stands for.
I like that.
What do you think of the healing power of high dose liposomal vitamin C or vitamin C which do not cause the runs?

[SPEAKER_01]
I think it's great.
I mean, I think you can, if you can continually graduate up your and the lip, there are a lot of liposome products on the market now.
Some of them are better than others, but if you can take it and it doesn't cause you to get the runs, I don't think you can overdo it because everybody, all humans are always a vitamin C deficient because our physiology doesn't make it.
We don't make vitamin C inside of our body except a tiny little bit in our adrenal glands.
And so if you can take it and it doesn't cause the run, go for it.

[SPEAKER_04]
Do it.
Question from M.R.
Fano's one.
It's a two part question.
What percent of your medical colleagues do you believe know that the covid vaccines have caused injury and death?
And when do you think they will see a parallel health freedom medical system?

[SPEAKER_01]
I still think that the entire medical system, the doctors are still in a coma.
They don't wanna know.
Now I've had conversations with other doctors who are still practicing in their healthcare systems and they say that more people are awake than what I might give it credit for, but they're just not saying anything.
But they're still willing to give the shots.
because it gives them money and they get their bonuses and stuff from that.
So I think that most are still in a coma.
I mean, and it kind of goes along with what Steve and I talked about on the show about the American Academy of Pediatrics, wanting to take away our right to refuse any shot.
You know, so and so I believe that most are still in a coma.
The ones that aren't that are willing to say, OK, that's great.
You know, I had a conversation this weekend.
I was in Washington, DC.
I was one of the one of the doctors that showed up was the five year anniversary from when the American frontline doctors stood on the steps of the Supreme Court and said no one has to die.
Ivermectin and hydroxychloroquine and
And other types of the inhaler drugs and stuff like that.
We can treat you.
No one has to die.
So this was a five year anniversary for that.
And so we all went down and we're there and Kirk Moore was there.
And he was great.
And so for your audience who may not know who that is, he's the guy who took the COVID shots and shot him in the sink and gave people a shot of saline.
And they were going to put him in prison for 37 years.
37 years.

[SPEAKER_04]
We had him on a couple of weeks ago.

[SPEAKER_01]
He's a great guy.
He's really a good guy and really doing the right things.
He's pretty well convinced, like me and Mary Bowden, we're all convinced that the healthcare system is not salvageable, which goes to the second question about when are we going to get another healthcare system?
And it all comes down to time and money.
You know, we're up against a huge behemoth that has been growing and getting bigger and stronger and more money.
And now with this AI thing in healthcare, it's a big problem.
It's really, really gonna be a big problem.
So I didn't even think anybody has a concept of what it might look like, but I know there's a lot of people working on it.

[SPEAKER_04]
We're running long, but I got a couple more for you.

[SPEAKER_01]
Sure.

[SPEAKER_04]
Oh, I had one that I wanted to ask here.
Let's go with this one more.
Also for more photos, what are your thoughts on shedding and the actual mechanism behind it?

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, from early on, I tried to get people to stop using the term shedding and change that to transmission because shedding is something that actually happens inside of vaccines.
And I always fall back on the chickenpox vaccine and the shingles vaccine.
You know, if you 3% of people get contract shingles,
from being around someone that got a chickenpox vaccine or got a shingle shot because that's a live virus that is shed on another person.
But what do you get?
If a chickenpox vaccine is shed on somebody, you get chickenpox.
If a shingles vaccine is shed on somebody, you get either chickenpox or something that looks like shingles.
If something inside of the COVID vaccine, which we still don't know what it is, is shed on somebody else, it's really transmitted to someone else, they don't get a respiratory infection.
They get vaginal bleeding, they get neurological complications, they get brain stuff, they get myocarditis, they get all sorts of things.
And so from the beginning, I tried to say it's more of a transmission that we don't know what it is.
And to this day, we still don't know what it is.
You know, Chris Northrup and Jim Thorpe wrote that paper and finally got published in a peer-reviewed journal on My Cycle Story.
You know, these women that would just walk into a restaurant and be around a bunch of people that had recently gotten COVID jabs and they would just start to bleed vaginally.
And some of the women bled so much they had to get blood transfusions.
There were some women of a small number that they couldn't stop the bleeding that ended up with hysterectomies.
And so something was transmitted over to them and that made them bleed.
We still don't know if that was the spike protein, if it was the lipid nanoparticles, it was the graphene oxide, if it was an energetic frequency that transmitted.
We just don't know what it is because
Who's got the, who's studying it?
Who's got the money and who cares?
Only the victims care.
Nobody else cares.
So, but we know it happens.
I mean, in the Pfizer papers, in the early studies, it said, you know, men that were recently vaccinated should not have sexual intercourse for at least three weeks with unprotected sex with a partner.
And some people, some of the OBGYNs say that it's even longer than that.
And we don't know when it ever stops.
I've heard recently that the COVID mRNA can get into the E. coli bacteria of your gut.
Now E. coli is a bacteria from your mouth all the way to your rectum that's a normal symbiont.
But the mRNA gets in there and begins to replicate and continues to make spike proteins maybe forever.

[SPEAKER_04]
He specifically said vaccinated men with unvaccinated women.
What about the other way around?

[SPEAKER_01]
Vaccinated with unvaccinated men?
The same thing.
They never specifically talked about that, that I'm aware of in the Pfizer papers, but it specifically said men.
Because we know that the COVID shots had a predilection for testicles.
and the replication that would go over and over again of that.
I've gotten a lot of questions over the years about how long should I divorce my husband?
Should I not ever have sex with him again?
Nobody knows the answer to that because nobody's checking semen to see if you still have
spike proteins or traces of the the COVID shots or traces of lipid nanoparticles Nobody's done that study to say, you know, you've got a shot today We tested your semen and yeah, you should you've got You know traces of the lipid nanoparticles or an mRNA there and do a serial study to see when it stops Nobody's ever done that And nobody probably will
So nobody knows.
There's so much we don't know.
And the questions keep coming up and they are good ones.
And there's no answer to it that I'm aware of right now.

[SPEAKER_04]
Steve, I have a question for you from the American Dreamer.
What brand shot has proven to be the most dangerous?
Elderly relative had a long hospitalization during COVID-19 or during COVID.
We just found out he had 12 Moderna shots from October, 2020 to August, 2022 given by institutions.
12 in 24 months, October, 2020 to August, 2022.
So almost two years, but yeah, 24 months.

[SPEAKER_01]
He got 12 shots.
That should be malpractice.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_08]
I'm sorry.
And he's still alive.

[SPEAKER_04]
It says elderly relative had a long hospitalization.
So if the American dreamer can put in the chat, are they still alive?
But it sounds like they are.
Wow.

[SPEAKER_08]
Wow.
Well, Jabs maternal shots.
So, uh, it, the answer is we don't know because they don't disclose the data.
Uh, so there are, if you look at, uh, there's a paper by, uh, Palinkos in, uh, Hungary.
And the Hungary study actually showed that Moderna was the least safe.
And other studies such as the one that, um, uh, Retsaf Levy did in Florida showed that, uh, Pfizer is more deadly.
So it's just, it's like, uh, do I use a silver bullet or do I use a copper bullet?

[SPEAKER_01]
That's a great analogy.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_01]
okay yeah they're all bullets and they all cause damage yeah if that person got 12 shots in 24 months or roughly 24 months that should be malpractice if they have serious side effects that's not that's not a recommendation from any shot ever yeah i'm looking in the chat and america dreamer wrote he is still alive and then wrote he also had covid and was intubated so

[SPEAKER_04]
Resilient, resilient man.
Twelve shots got COVID and was intubated.

[SPEAKER_08]
And is still alive.
But when did he get COVID?
After how many shots did he get COVID?

[SPEAKER_04]
Right.
Did he get it before the jabs even came out or did he get it after getting the jabs?

[SPEAKER_01]
Probably after because we know that the COVID jabs decrease your immune system.
They destroy your toll-like receptors and make you more susceptible to getting COVID.
That was published years ago and more susceptible to getting other types of viral and bacterial infections also.

[SPEAKER_04]
Incredible, incredibly resilient man.

[SPEAKER_01]
Seriously.

[SPEAKER_04]
Question from CTAG45321.
What has Dr. Tenpenny seen herself regarding miscarriages, stillbirths, and folks that are showing symptoms of shedding from those that got gene therapy while they were not jabbed?

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, we know that a lot of the kids that were born to mothers that got the COVID jab while they were pregnant, there was a lot of birth defects that were seen in those kids.
I know personally of someone that the baby was born with webbed fingers and clubbed feet and didn't have any big toes.
that the father was jabbed but the mother was not.
When you talk to Kimberly Biss and Jim Thorpe about the conditions of the placentas that come out, a lot of those kids were born with birth defects.
Many babies died after birth when they started to nurse if the mother had had
a COVID injection because the COVID shot went through the breast milk.
There's a lot of reports of that, a lot of anecdotal reports and a lot of case study reports of birth defects in the babies of mothers that got the COVID shot while they were pregnant.
It's so interesting because I'm old enough to remember
when pregnant women were just pristine, they couldn't eat tuna fish, they couldn't have a glass of wine, they couldn't even take an antihistamine or a Tylenol, and now they routinely get three shots routinely.
They get a flu shot, a DPT,
And then they were getting a COVID shot.
Now they get a new RSV shot.
And if they're Rh negative, they get a Rogam shot.
And they're talking about even more vaccines for pregnant women.
And it's like, they think that the placenta is like a concrete block or something that protects that baby from whatever is being injected.
And it's just not true because it goes through the placenta or passes through the placenta.
and goes into the baby.
In fact, that's the reason why they say they want to give moms RSV shots.
So babies come out protected.
Babies don't need to come out protected.
Babies already have in this whole nonsense that they've said for years that babies are born without an immune system.
It's just a lie.
There's two types of immune systems in your body.
There is the innate immune system that is God given that you are born with.
And then there's the adaptive immune system that comes by living on this planet.
When you get exposed to dogs and cats and bunnies and horses and carpeting and cigarette smoke and all these different things, that's your adaptive immune system comes as you age on this planet.
When we start injecting these babies, babies now get 28 shots of poison.
by their one year of age.
And when we push, push, push, push, push that adaptive immune system, that's what eventually breaks down their system and causes the long list of things like asthma, allergies, et cetera.
And so they're born with an immune system.
It's called the innate immune system.
It involves your toll-like receptors that work to defend your whole body from the moment you're born till the moment you die.
and it's already there.
We don't have to start vaccinating at birth and injecting poison and foreign matter into children because they need it, because they don't.
They don't.

[SPEAKER_04]
Absolutely.
Before we end, I wanted to get both of your takes.
I don't have my New York Times subscription anymore, or is it a prescription?
And I came across this yesterday, why rising rates of autism and ADHD might be a good sign.
And AI overview says that it is increased awareness, more inclusive diagnostic criteria, and improved access to services, why it's a good thing.
that there's rising rates.
I'm just, I just throwing this out there because I'm stunned at the level of propaganda and manipulation that's used to justify this incredible rise in autism and ADHD and wanted to get your take on both of your takes on this nonsense.

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, that's the bottom line.
It's just nonsense.
You know, and this is something that started, I don't know, eight or nine years ago, maybe a little longer, of trying to normalize autism and call them just neuro-atypical.
They're just little quirky kids.
But apparently, making it be normal and people shouldn't be shunning autistic kids.
Well, there's always been quirky kids.
Have they been vaccine injured from
1960s forward.
The problem is that, you know, that doesn't include these kids that are going to be in diapers the rest of their life, can't walk, can't feed themselves, will never be involved in society, will never hold a job, will never be able to pay taxes, own a home, get married, you know, any of those sorts of things.
What about those kids, those autistic kids?
And, you know, it's interesting since those autism stats came out that it's now one in 31 nationwide,
and I believe it's one in 12 boys in California.
And when they plotted that against time, against when SB 277 and SB 276 took away the philosophical and the religious exemptions out of California, and it started to skyrocket, it plotted right against that.
Somebody did that.
and showed that as they started to hammer all these kids in California with all of these vaccines, it's when the autism rate went to one in 12 boys, and I think it's one in 21 or 22 girls, and nationwide it's one in 31.
When I started doing all this vaccine stuff 25 years ago, it was about one in 75, one in 80, and we thought that was awful.
a four-yard one in 31.
It's become all kinds of a problem.
A lot of this focus that's happening in HHS about cleaning up our junk food, which is taking chemicals out of stuff they call food that isn't even food and stuff we shouldn't be eating in the first place, putting the pesticides bill to pass to poison all the stuff that's good for us.
I mean, seriously, what an oxymoron that is.
It will never, doesn't matter what they do with food or what they do with stuff they call food that really isn't food.
The needle on healthy children is not going to budge until we address the pink elephant in the living room.
Until we start addressing the 28 shots kids get by the time they're one year of age and the 40 something they get by the time they start kindergarten.
And all of the chemicals, the cow blood, the chicken parts, the aluminum,
Fortunately, it just took the mercury out of the flu shots.
We don't know.
When they took mercury out of the whole vaccine schedule back in 2004, they didn't just stop manufacturing shots that had mercury in them.
They were allowed by attrition to just go away.
They just didn't make any more of them.
We don't know if that's gonna be the same thing with taking the mercury out of the flu shots that they've made that now.
Are they gonna use up the ones that they still have that have mercury in them or are they gonna stop making them?
We've got to address the pink elephant in the living room.
We've got to stop injecting poison into children and somehow thinking that it's in any way improving their health.

[SPEAKER_04]
That seems to be a tall order even with Bobby Kennedy trying to work his magic.
The pharmaceutical industrial complex is powerful.

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, you know, back, you know, we were really gaining traction back in between, say, 2008 and 2015 that there was articles that were coming out being published in pediatrics and pediatric infectious disease journal, et cetera, of more and more.
parental resistance.
That's when the term vaccine hesitancy started to be publicized and putting into the journals.
And some of the journals were up to 62% of parents were really questioning vaccines and questioning the frequency and does my kid need that one?
Do we need to give seven at the same time?
And all the different things.
And what was the pharmaceutical industry's response to that?
Take away your right to refuse.
No, the Doge USAID has paid the American Academy of Pediatrics over $27 million.
I think that's the number.
It's millions of dollars.
We need to defund that.
So I wonder how much pharmaceutical industry went into that new policy.
about wanting to take away our right to refuse.
Because as we were gaining traction, because I've always said this needed to be a ground up revolt.
And if people, you know, it's sort of like if people just stopped buying coffee cups, eventually they'd stop making coffee cups, right?
Nobody's buying them anymore.
So if people just stopped getting vaccines, well, then eventually wouldn't they just stop making them because nobody's doing them anymore?
And the response was heavy handed.
SB 277, SB 276, taking away the rights to refuse in California, New York, Maine, Connecticut.

[SPEAKER_04]
Massachusetts it's coming.

[SPEAKER_01]
In Massachusetts it's coming and now they're talking about it even in Florida.
And with this policy that just came out, we need to sit on that as fast as we can.

[SPEAKER_04]
Dr. Tenpenny, it's been an incredible evening.
You can go on and on and on, I'm sure.
What's the best way for people to follow you?
I know you have a show that runs at the same time as VSRF Live, so I'm grateful that you were able to take time away from that.
But where can people find you?
And I'm also going to put another image of your latest book on the screen.

[SPEAKER_01]
We post a daily podcast every day at 11 a.m.
There are different topics every day at 11 a.m. We have This Week with Dr. T. We have Happy Hour with Dr. T., which is a Bible show.
We have Morning Coffee with Dr. T., which is an open forum question and answer.
We have a deep dive Bible study on Thursday and from the archives on Friday because we've been doing this for five years.
And so many of those podcasts were just timeless.
And so that's really become one of our most popular shows.
They're all available on Rumble.
So you can find them at rumble forward slash the letter C forward slash dr10penny.
That's every day at 11 a.m.
They're all there.
They're also on our sub stack.
I post every day on our sub stack.
Monday through Friday is little short things every day.
I write a sub stack on Saturday, which is dr10penny.substack.com.
I write a sub stack on Sunday called 10pennywalkwithgod.substack.com.
It's sort of my churchy thing on Sunday that I do.
And you want to follow me on social media.
We're on all the platforms, but we're the busiest on X and my handle is at busy Dr. T.

[SPEAKER_04]
And then also don't forget to get a copy of the book.

[SPEAKER_01]
You can get a copy of the book on Amazon in print and as an ebook or an audible on Amazon.
And you can, if you don't want to feed the beast, you can find it.
If you type in the whole title of the book, zero accountability in a failed system, you can get it on Barnes and Nobles.

[SPEAKER_04]
Excellent.
I think Steve is finding Jesus in his life.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
What am I thinking about a different Steve?

[SPEAKER_08]
Is there a book there in the background or?

[SPEAKER_04]
I was just kidding.
But we've been trying to convert Steve into some sort of spirituality over time.

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, praise the Lord and you can come talk to me about that anytime you want to.
Anytime you want to.

[SPEAKER_08]
All right.
I have something I want to share.
Can I share my screen?

[SPEAKER_04]
Absolutely.
Let me just give you control of your screen here.

[SPEAKER_08]
All right.
I'm just going to share the entire screen here.
Um, maybe I shouldn't do that here.
Let's see.
I want to share my Excel, uh, window.

[SPEAKER_04]
Uh, dang.
Should be able to share the app, Steve, uh, inside a zoom.

[SPEAKER_08]
Oh, let's see.
There's documents.

[SPEAKER_04]
If you open up the app though, share, open up Excel and share yourself.

[SPEAKER_08]
Application windows.
Oh, here we go.
All doses.
I think that's the one.
Yeah, I think all doses that that's probably it.
Let's see what happens here.

[SPEAKER_06]
Okay.

[SPEAKER_08]
Ah, perfect.

[SPEAKER_04]
You see my screen?
Hold on, let me send it.
I just went full frame because of writing it.
Now I'm sending it live.
Okay, there we go.

[SPEAKER_08]
All right, so I've been working on this, and I just got a result here.
So this is people who got at least one COVID shot and died in this one little city area in Japan.
And there's a lot of stuff here.
So these are when the vaccine rollouts are dose one, dose two, dose three, dose four, dose five, dose six, dose seven, because I wanted to
see if it aligned with the trend lines here.
And I drew some parallel lines here.
So this is basically the death curve.
These are cumulative deaths.
And if everything is going just fine and there's no excess deaths, then I should be able to draw a tangent line to the deaths that started when they gave the first vaccine out, because otherwise it's a low population.
But once you've got like two shots,
you're basically, that cohort doesn't change very much over time.
So what I see here is that the death curves is increasing, they give the booster and you can see the gap then widens and you can see then giving the next shot and it keeps widening and the next shot doesn't widen as much, widens a little bit more and then widens a little bit more and then goes out.
So it's kind of like every time they give a shot, the area under the curve gets wider and wider.
And that ought to be concerning to people.
Japan is the most highly vaccinated country on earth.
And even from this one city where we only had
2,000 deaths because they're not giving me the data.
They've got a lot more data than this, but they're not giving it to me.
But even from this data alone, you can see that there's something funny going on that when you give the shots.
And it's not necessarily that this is a huge gap between these, but you look at the, here's what the gap was before.
And you give this shot, you give the third shot and boom,
Things explode and and keep on exploding and then kind of level off.
This is you shouldn't be seeing this.
This should all be parallel to the original trend line.
So just in case you're thinking about getting the vaccine, my advice would be maybe put a hold on it.
That's a that's a credible chart.

[SPEAKER_01]
You know, I just looked up this number while you were showing that, Steve.
The American Academy of Pediatrics schedule expenditures and federal awards by year end June 30th of 2024 was $34,974,000 for the things that they do.
Wouldn't it be interesting to find out how much the people got paid to put out that policy statement to eliminate all exemptions, all non-medical exemptions?

[SPEAKER_08]
It would be very interesting, yes.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, thank you Dr. Tenpenny again for coming on VSRF Live this evening and hopefully you will join us again on a future episode because this is just too great to not have again sometime soon.

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, I would love to be on your show again.
Thank you so much.
Thank you, Steve, for hosting the show and inviting me on your show.
Thank you, Livio.
I really appreciate it.
It's been great being here.

[SPEAKER_04]
Absolutely.
Thank you.
Everyone hang in there.
I got a couple of announcements to make and a good closing video to share.
As we wrap up tonight, I want to sincerely thank you for being part of VSRF Live.
Our mission is to bring important stories, studies, and voices like the one we had tonight to light stories that often get ignored or silenced elsewhere.
But none of this would be possible without your support.
to keep VSRF Live going and continue delivering these vital conversations.
We rely on donations from viewers like you.
If you value what we do and want to see it continue, please consider making a contribution.
Every donation helps us stay independent and focused on the truth.
Visit backsafety.org-backslashdonate or text VSRF to 53-555.
And again, any donation helps.
And before you go also, I want to remind you about our raffle.
Let me get that on the screen.
We're giving away the Super Palm 1050, a powerful handheld therapeutic light device from SunPower LED developed by photo medicine pioneer Tom Kerber.
And this device helps relieve pain, inflammation, arthritis, neuropathy, TMJ, insomnia, and more.
And tickets are just $10 each.
and every purchase supports vsrf's mission of truth and transparency you can buy as many as you like janet will drop the link in the chat so you can grab as many tickets as you wish right now and let me uh also next week we have another great episode coming up uh let's see next week we're excited to welcome sam sorbo the fearless warrior mom
passionate activist and bestselling author who also happens to be married to actor Kevin Sorbo.
Sam will join us to talk about one of the most important cultural shifts happening today, the rise of homeschooling.
We'll dive into why homeschooling is suddenly surging in popularity, how the system is failing our kids, and what families can do to reclaim education.
Don't miss it next week, same time, same place.
That's going to be a good episode, Steve.
Because a lot of people who are wanting to avoid getting the vaccine, one of their options is to homeschool.

[SPEAKER_08]
So maybe their only option.

[SPEAKER_04]
Pretty much.
It seems that way.
And as we wrap up tonight, I think you're going to like this little two clips that I strung together.
First, we'll hear from music legend and cultural critic Frank Zappa, this interview he did on the Joan Rivers show back in 1986 regarding AIDS, the AIDS origin story.
And then we forward to now with a recent clip featuring Peter Hotez, one of the most vocal defenders of the COVID-19 vaccines as he takes a call from a woman who experienced a severe reaction following her Pfizer booster.
Her story is clear and personal, but instead of compassion or curiosity, Dr. Hotez does what so many of the medical establishment have done, deflects gas lights and blames everything except the vaccine.
Two eras, same pattern, dismiss the injured.
Thank you for joining us and having a great conversation, Steve, with Dr. Tenpenny.
And everyone else have a, including you, Steve, have a great rest of your evening and a fantastic weekend.
And we'll see you all next week.
Have a great night.

[SPEAKER_00]
What are the big topics that AIDS I would imagine comes up?

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, yeah, I tell them what I think about AIDS.
What do you think about AIDS?
Remember the fairy tale they told you about the green monkeys?
They tell you about these green monkeys and then they remind you that this is a sexually transmitted disease.
I have one big question.
Who's plucking the monkeys?
Once you get past the, you know, that seems like kind of an implausible theory if you look at it that way.
So I offer three other possible scenarios.
One, because remember, it is announced suddenly, one day in November, 700 people died from a disease we never heard about before.
One possibility, it came from outer space.
Another one, it came from a government laboratory.
Not saying whose, could have escaped.
could have been done on purpose as a test on civilians.
The other possibility is it came from a private sector laboratory for money.
Because when they find the pill that you can take to let you do it again, somebody is going to make some money.
There's no question about that.

[SPEAKER_02]
I have taken Pfizer boosters regularly.
And a few weeks ago, since I'd gotten one of those, you are of a certain age and you should get another booster after I went and had a COVID test because I've been around so many people and it was negative, I went ahead and had the booster.
I will tell you it was the worst experience I've ever had.

[SPEAKER_07]
When you say worst experience, what do you mean?

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, I'm going to go through my symptoms.
Okay, bring them to us quickly.

[SPEAKER_07]
It's a 30-minute show here.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
We won't go through anything because I wrote them down so I could tell you.
Really bad cough with deep phlegm.
I was sleepy.
I was sleeping 16 hours a day.
I was so tired.

[SPEAKER_03]
Now, when did you have your COVID?
I've never had COVID.

[SPEAKER_07]
The doctor couldn't hear you at the beginning of your question.
Let me just recap that she got the Pfizer booster a few weeks ago.
She thought she may have had COVID.
She took a test.
She was negative.
So she ended up getting a booster.

[SPEAKER_03]
And then how long after you got the booster did you have your symptoms?

[SPEAKER_02]
Two days.

[SPEAKER_03]
So, now one possibility, unfortunately, is it can take a couple of weeks for the booster to kick in.
So, what possibly could have happened is in between the time you got the booster and the immune response kicks in, you could have gotten some intercurrent viral infection.
such as COVID or flu or a gazillion other things.
So sometimes it's hard to know what's ascribed to a side effect of the vaccine versus some other inner current illness.

[SPEAKER_07]
And let's talk about that.
I want to thank you, Carol, for your call, but let's talk about those side effects.
