[SPEAKER_04]
Yellow, one, two, three, four.

[SPEAKER_06]
You can get it if you really want.
You can get it if you really want.
You can get it if you really want.
But you must try, try and try, try and try.
You'll succeed at last.
You can get it if you really
But you must try, try and try, try and try You'll succeed at last Persecution you must bear Win and lose you got to get your share
You've got your mind set on a dream You can get it You can get it if you really want You can get it if you really want You can get it if you really want But you must try Try and try Try and try You'll succeed at last
You can get it if you really want You can get it if you really want But you must try, try and try, try and try You'll succeed at last You can get it if you really want I know it, I should I live it, I love it

[SPEAKER_03]
Tonight, on a special Thanksgiving edition of VSRF Live, we welcome Chief Scientific Officer at Children's Health Defense, Dr. Brian Hooker.
He'll introduce the COVID Index, a comprehensive searchable database of the science and evidence that was censored regarding SARS-CoV-2, the lockdowns, and the COVID-19 injections.
We have so many sick kids.

[SPEAKER_05]
Sick is the new normal.
It is absolutely the peanut allergy, EpiPen, the celiac disease, children with fragile guts, children with fragile brains, children with developmental disabilities, children with behavioral problems.
It is the norm.
And, you know, this is not the society that we grew up in as little kids.
It's far from it.
We are so pharmaceutically driven.
Everything really rising up at this particular time.
It could have happened at a better time any sooner.
We need this now.
We need to curtail the autism epidemic.
Otherwise, in 2032, half of the children's population will be autistic, and the other half of the population will be taking care of autistic kids.

[SPEAKER_03]
Hello and welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm your host, Livio Sanchez, and I'm so glad you're spending this special Tuesday Thanksgiving week edition with us.
Tonight, we're welcoming back our good friend, Dr. Brian Hooker, Chief Scientific Officer at Children's Health Defense.
He's here to share one of CHD's most ambitious and meaningful projects to date, the COVID Index, a comprehensive searchable database built to preserve the science and evidence that was censored, distorted, or pushed aside throughout the pandemic.
For years, government agencies, public health authorities, big tech, and corporate media enforced a rigid COVID narrative.
Anything that didn't fit that narrative was dismissed, sidelined, sidelined, or erased.
Researchers were ignored, expert voices were shut down, and large bodies of legitimate scientific work were branded as misinformation.
Not because they were untrue, but because they challenged the official storyline.
The COVID index was created to restore that truth.
It brings together thousands of studies, articles, datasets, testimonies, and whistleblower accounts that shed light on the real science behind SARS-CoV-2, the lockdowns, and the injections.
It also exposes the flawed, selective, and often politicized research that was elevated to justify policies that fractured families, disrupted societies, and caused harm we are still feeling today.
And as we head into the holiday season, many of us will be spending time with loved ones who still trust the official COVID narrative.
That's where tools like the COVID index become especially valuable.
It helps equip you with the knowledge to have informed, respectful conversations grounded in evidence and to share information that was once difficult to find.
But before we bring on Dr. Hooker, I want to take a moment to share a short VSRF highlight video I created that celebrates some of our past accomplishments and reminds us why this work matters.
Here it comes.
We were told to trust the science, but trust was betrayed.
The vaccine injured were ignored and abandoned.
Doctors were threatened and truth tellers were silenced.

[SPEAKER_04]
I was minding my own business as a high tech executive in Silicon Valley, the pandemic hit.
I looked around for what I could do to make a difference.

[SPEAKER_03]
Founded by tech entrepreneur Steve Kirsch, the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation has challenged government narratives with data, transparency and courage.

[SPEAKER_04]
According to over 12 studies, the vaccines are killing at least 15 people for every person that it might save.

[SPEAKER_05]
You had this kind of indignation that made you just relentless on this issue.
And you've been such a gift to this movement, Steve.

[SPEAKER_03]
Our mission is to advance vaccine safety through scientific research, public education and advocacy, and to support the vaccine injured.

[SPEAKER_06]
What these injured need is they need to be acknowledged.
They need treatment.

[SPEAKER_01]
Multiple doctors tell me they've never seen this before, that it's just a coincidence that it's happening to me now.

[SPEAKER_02]
And the doctor comes in, his incisions aren't even healed up, he's struggling to breathe, and he hands me a form and says, I want to give them nine vaccines today.

[SPEAKER_03]
We've taken the fight public, spreading truth at public hearings, meetings and gatherings, along with organizing historic events like Defeat the Mandates DC and LA and the COVID litigation conferences.

[SPEAKER_04]
You have to hold these people accountable for their actions.

[SPEAKER_03]
We help fund and amplify courageous films breaking through censorship walls and reaching millions worldwide.
And every week we shine light through VSRF Live, now over 200 episodes strong, giving a voice to vaccine-injured and medical truth-tellers from around the world.
Because informed consent is a human right.
This is VSRF.

[SPEAKER_00]
Question everything.
Demand truth.

[SPEAKER_03]
As we look ahead to 2026 and beyond, we are prepared for major efforts, including the possibility of a third COVID litigation conference, expanded collaborations in scientific research, deeper outreach into SIDS, and increased support for the injured, their families, and the physicians who continue to care for them when the system refuses to.
We are fully committed to this mission, but to continue it, we genuinely rely on your generosity.
This is the time of year when your support has its greatest impact.
If you believe in what we're doing and want to help sustain it, please consider making a donation tonight.
Even just $5 from each viewer would make an enormous difference.
You can donate at vacsafety.org backslash donate, or you can text VSRF to 53555.
That's vacsafety.org backslash donate, or text VSRF to 53555.
And of course, all of your donations are greatly appreciated.
And now I'd like to bring on the founder of VSRF, Steve Kirsch.
Welcome to Vaccine Safety Research Foundation Live.
Steve, how are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_04]
I'm good, video.
It's good to be here.
How are you?

[SPEAKER_03]
I'm doing very well.
Doing very well.
Feeling festive.
Did all my shopping today for Thanksgiving.
Great.
Yeah.
Grateful.
Grateful to be here with everyone tonight and to have Dr. Brian Hooker on shortly.
But before we do that, Steve, I noticed you put out another fantastic sub stack today.
Actually, just before the show, I found it and I wanted to ask you about it and see how
The debate is going.
Here it is on the screen.
The $3.3 million debate will fails to falsify KCOR's determination that the COVID vaccine caused net harm.
So can you explain this a little bit for our audience?

[SPEAKER_04]
So I had to create a new method of analysis for COVID.
Vaccine data when you have record level data, there was no there was nothing that epidemiologists had that can deal with that because they're not used to dealing with.
With vaccine data, it turns out vaccine data is highly confounded because of what's called the healthy vaccine effect, which means that.
The people who choose not to be vaccinated typically have much higher mortality and higher frailty than people who are opt to be vaccinated and there were there were two papers recently when from Denmark.
And the other one is from Qatar.
And both of those papers said, look, we did the most anal matching possible in terms of matching these groups.
And we could not match out this healthy vaccine effect away.
And so this is this huge confounder.
So we can't really determine whether or not the vaccine saved lives or not.
They concluded the only way to do that is through clinical trials, randomized clinical trials.
Well, it's a little late for that to happen.
So in order to win the bet, I had to create an analysis method that nobody had ever done before.
So I did that.
It's called K-Core, the Kirsch cumulative outcomes ratio.
And that methodology allows me to normalize for these different cohorts.
So no matter what the cohorts look like, no matter what their age mix, what their comorbidity mix, what their morbidity mix is, it neutralizes that.
you
and then allows me to compare the cohorts to find out who did better over time.
And so it computes a sort of a net benefit over time.
And so I'm in this debate.
And my claim is that this method is dispositive to the question.
And so I'm challenged on that.
And so we have this side debate on KCOR.
And so my opponent,
created a document, you know, 37 pages long.
And he listed, I forgot the numbers, like, like 20 issues that he had with my method.
It's not like, gee, you did one thing wrong.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Like 20, 20 things.
And so I read through it and basically said, this guy is, um,
These are not credible attacks.
And at first, John GPT said, oh, you know, he's totally one on all the points and K-Corp has too much noise and blah, blah, blah.
And so by the time I was done with John GPT, it realized that I was right.
And that, in fact, the reason that K Corp has noise is because the vaccine isn't safe.
It's not a fault of the methodology.
The methodology is fine.
But when the methodology is applied to an unsafe vaccine, which has unpredictable rises in mortality and
increases and decreases in mortality, then the assumptions that it makes about, oh, everything's normal, vaccines are safe, people are dying normally, there's always this background stuff that brings mortality up and down, but that's easily canceled out.
What isn't canceled out is a time-varying hazard that would be caused by an unsafe vaccine.
And so when you see something like that and you see, wow, these results change depending on what your parameters are,
That means you're dealing with an unsafe vaccine.
And so this point,
which is, oh, when you get these kind of weird results, that means that you're not dealing under the assumptions, which is the assumptions are you have a safe vaccine and nothing is wrong.
So the point is that when you are dealing with an unsafe vaccine, you can get these anomalies.
And it's a sign that your vaccine isn't safe.

[SPEAKER_03]
And he just doesn't get that at all.
But most importantly, what kind of an impact is it having on the judges?
To be determined.
And when will you get, you're in the sixth and final round.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, yeah.
It'll be somewhere around 10 days from now that we'll have our live discussion between the two of us.
And we'll have a cordial discussion about, well, so interesting that KCOR seems to always, KCOR is unbiased.
It doesn't care about the cohorts.
It's not looking and saying, oh, this is a vaccine.
I'm going to treat it this way.
And if it's not a vaccine, I'm going to treat it differently.
The method doesn't know which cohort is vaccinated and which is unvaccinated.
It's just comparing two data sets, and it's telling you the truth.
And it so happens that whenever you do that, the vaccine loses.
It's a little hard to say.
Yeah, when you have this unbiased method and you do the comparisons of different ages and different doses and different enrollment periods, when you have all these comparisons and it's always showing that the vaccines are doing worse, a little hard to explain, especially when the
The claim is that these vaccines have saved millions of lives or tens of millions of lives and have caused no deaths.
So how do you explain that the results are the opposite?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, one thing I think you should use is the COVID index.
And so I'm going to bring on Brian shortly, but I want to play a little video that explains the COVID index before I bring Dr. Hooker on.
So here comes that video.

[SPEAKER_05]
Hi, my name is Brian Hooker and I'm the Chief Scientific Officer for Children's Health Defense.
And I want to talk to you about an important initiative of CHD called the COVID Index.
This is the information that the powers that be did not want you to see.
This web repository refutes
the narrative, the official narrative regarding COVID-19.
It has a very, very comprehensive, easy to use search engine so you can search readily and also get direct excerpts from every entry in the COVID index.
There's so much information out there that needs to be curated and this is a place where it has been done and is being done continuously.
So I highly recommend that you check out this resource at www.covidindex.science.

[SPEAKER_03]
I'd like to welcome Dr. Brian Hooker to VSRF Live.
How are you this evening, Dr. Hooker?

[SPEAKER_05]
I am doing just super great to be with both of you, Steve and Livio.
Happy Thanksgiving.

[SPEAKER_03]
Happy Thanksgiving to you too, sir.
And it's always great to have you here.
I'm going to read your bio and then I'll let you and Steve have at it.
Dr. Brian Hooker, PhD, is the chief scientific officer at Children's Health Defense and professor emeritus of biology at Simpson University with a background in biochemical engineering.
He spent over 15 years as a bioengineer and research leader
at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory, specializing in molecular and cellular systems.
A prolific scientist, Dr. Hooker has published over 60 peer-reviewed papers and holds five patents.
He is co-author alongside Robert F. Kennedy Jr. of Vaxxed vs. Unvaxed, Let the Science Speak, which examines the health outcomes of vaccinated
and unvaccinated populations.
Since 2001, he has been a dedicated advocate for vaccine safety and autism research, inspired by his own son's diagnosis.
He also played a pivotal role in exposing CDC data suppression on vaccine risks, working with whistleblower William Thompson.
Again, welcome to VSRF Live, and I want to commend first
the CHD conference, which was absolutely wonderful and fabulous.
And also what I've noticed, I've been reading a lot of the legacy media articles and there's been some actually somewhat favorable compared to the past.
Bloomberg put out a pretty decent article and even the New York Times today, there's a new article that came out that I thought was not as bad as it could be.
So again, congratulations on the CHD conference.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, thank you so much.
It was a privilege to be there.
It was a privilege to be a part of it.
There were so many moving parts.
My hats off to our Director of Advocacy, Michael Cain, Stephanie Lucretio, Katie Levesour that were really the moving parts.
There were so many things going on at that conference.
And so I was just like you, Libby, I was just grateful to be a part of it.

[SPEAKER_03]
Fantastic.
Well, I want to remind everyone if you have questions for Dr. Hooker or for Steve or myself at the end of the interview, I will be doing a live audience Q&A.
So put them in the chat all caps and Janet will do her best to get me all of them and I'll try to get to as many as possible.
All right, Steve, take it away.

[SPEAKER_04]
So, Brian, do you want to walk us through the site with Livio driving or where would you like to start?

[SPEAKER_05]
Why don't we do that?
I really, to get into the site, let's just start at children's health, defense.org and, and we'll kind of walk you through the first steps of getting there.
Um, and when you do that, if you can bring that up on the screen.

[SPEAKER_04]
All right, we'll be under pressure.

[SPEAKER_05]
We're at the COVID index.
Well, we can start here.

[SPEAKER_03]
Let me go to Children's Health Defense real quick.

[SPEAKER_05]
There you go.
OK, he's got it right up there.
That is what we like to see.
Oh, my goodness.
OK, so go to the science pull down menu.
There we go.
And then under the science library, click on COVID index.
And that brings up this repository of information.
If you want to read about the COVID index, this was an initiative that started out with one of our state chapters, CHD Arizona, through Scott Sutton and Ursula Conway.
So go ahead and click enter and we will get right to it.
Okay, so there's several different ways that you can approach the COVID index.
This is a repository of now 2131 different separate articles, separate records that have been curated.
We've looked at the copyright issues, so you don't have to worry about that.
We've looked at the content.
and judge the content based on the veracity of the science, legal, medical, whatever.
And so let's say, Livio, you entered in the search term rendez-vous.

[SPEAKER_03]
That's what I searched for first, by the way.
I'm glad you said that.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, it's with an M, but that's OK.
I said it kind of wrong.
I said rendez-vous.
So perfect.
Okay, and then you get, there's so many different resources, anything from Defender articles or other news articles, journal articles, and then things that were put out by, excuse me, the frontline COVID critical care workers and now IMA.
And so go ahead and click on the top one.
And this will take you to our description of what the Remdesivir paper's alleged controversial drug used to treat service members led to 601 deaths.
This is one of the clinical trials that was done in the Department of Defense.
And it was an experimental drug.
So you can go directly, there's the URL that will take you directly to the Defender article, gives you the author, and then
The entire article then is captured in PDF format.
So if you want to download that in PDF, you can.
There's a brief description of the article that's basically pull quotes and then key excerpts of the article that were the responsibility of
Oh gosh, I forget his name.
He's a reporter that does a lot of DOD work.
Michael Neverdock has got the material from this individual.
His name I'll remember in just a little bit.
But what it does is it reveals what really happened behind the curtain.
And we want to immortalize this information.
We want to make sure that this information doesn't just disappear one day.
So why don't you go back?
And let's look at a different type of article really quick.
Let's go down to the New England Journal of Medicine, a randomized control trial of Ebola virus disease therapeutics.
And this is one of the trials where they use remdesivir as an antiviral for Ebola.
And this was a trial that was sponsored by one Tony Fauci, although his name is not listed on the publication.
And when they use remdesivir in this particular trial, they saw a mortality rate of the patient of fifty three point five percent.
OK, so over the half.

[SPEAKER_04]
Now, that would be considered safe and effective, right?

[SPEAKER_05]
Oh, absolutely.
I mean, we should all put that in our bodies in any way, shape or form.

[SPEAKER_04]
I can't get my remdesivir dose.

[SPEAKER_05]
Exactly.
And then go ahead and click on the New England Journal.
There you go.
OK, so we'll take you directly to this particular article.
In this instance, I believe that probably because it's such a damning article that you can't get the full text of it.
So when the full text isn't available, then we, by, you know, by law, we can't provide the full text article if it's behind a paywall, but at least we can get you the abstract so you can read through, you know, the details.
So let's go ahead and go back to the COVID.
Okay.
Let's go back one.
And then if, let's scroll back to the top, Livio.
And if you want to go to topics,
then there's a whole list of topics.
If you're just looking for something and you don't quite know exactly what you're looking for, say, antibody-dependent enhancement.
Thanks to good old James Lyons-Wyler, antibody-dependent enhancement.
This was something that he really discovered or really worked on during COVID.
And click on that first, let's see,
Yeah, the CHOP article.
Okay, antibody-dependent enhancement.
This is when the antibodies act as a Trojan horse, and they actually carry the pathogen directly to the receptor cells that will give the virus, in this case, entry into the cells.
Viruses will interact with receptors, sort of like lock and key, and these receptors are the locks.
The viruses have the keys on them.
And when you have that lock and key arrangement, that gives the virus access to the cells once the virus enters the cells, then it ends up replicating.
And what happens in this case is that the antibodies that are produced by the vaccine.
actually act like little chaperones and they take the viruses directly to the cells that they're supposed to infect and it actually makes the disease worse.
It's sort of like the flu shot right now.
It has a negative efficacy, negative 27 percent to be exact, but antibody dependent enhancement
is typical of coronavirus vaccines.
Research that has been going on since probably the early 2000s on coronavirus vaccines are plagued with antibody-dependent enhancement.
So this is just one particular article.
It takes you directly from the COVID index to Children's Hospital of Philadelphia.edu.
Let's go back to
There we go.
Let's go then back one more.
Okay.
And let's check out some of the other things there.
This is not just a science and medical repository.
This is also a lot of legal information.
So if you click on bioethics.
Okay, then bioethics is defined at the top.
Just a cheesy encyclopedia Britannica definition of bioethics.
If any of you are old enough to remember the volumes of encyclopedias that the encyclopedia salesman would bring by your house and sell to you.
And those were the days.
Yeah, I love the encyclopedia.
I was the nerd on the street, and so the encyclopedia in the 60s was my friend.
So you can see anything from 21 U.S. Code 30 BBB, that is the emergency use authorization,
The GMO experiments on two thirds of the world population.
That's a commentary regarding the covert shot.
And so you can see legal documents here.
Okay.
And then if you go back to the top.
Okay, so you can really search any of these documents in a variety of different ways, and you can start at the homepage, you can look at index entries, you can look at topics, but if you want to be, and I know everybody inspires to do this, if you want to work for CHD, sorry, Steve, I'm sorry, then click on the want to help tab, even if you don't wanna work for CHD, click on the want to help tab,
We have a team of fact-finders and curators.
These are the individuals that search out the information that is appropriate for the COVID index.
So you can inform others on real science and evidence, secure accountability for the fraud and abuse in the COVID era,
Help those fighting the good fight in courtroom battles.
And so what these research associates do.
Is you click on step 1 below below where the cursor is right now that pulls up the research associates frequently asked questions.
Which is below and then you complete and submit the application form.
You can contribute as much or as little time as you can afford to be a part of this.
And then once you fill out the research application, you'll go through an onboarding instruction session.
And you'll go out, you'll find literature, you'll be a part of the COVID index team.
They usually meet every other week for a minimal amount of time, half an hour to an hour.
And they discuss some of the information that's being brought into the COVID index.
And then all of this once it's brought in is read, it's vetted, it's curated.
Before it goes to the COVID index, it goes to our attorneys to make sure that we're not violating any type of copyright laws.
And then it becomes memorialized in the COVID index.
And one of the things that we want to do, not only having legal, scientific, medical, but we also want to put in case studies because there's so many case studies of hospital protocols.
use of remdesivir, mechanical ventilation, COVID-19 vaccines, ivermectin, hydroxychloroquine.
We want to put those case studies in as well so you can get the granularity of what individuals went through during the COVID pandemic.
And that is my 50 cent tour.

[SPEAKER_04]
Awesome.
How many articles are there in there and how much do the research associates get paid?

[SPEAKER_05]
The research associates get paid in all the love that we can afford.
That is how we pay them.
I wish that I could say that I have the $3.3 million research associate challenge, but I don't.
I'm so sorry.
But no, we're recruiting volunteers.
We have a sort of a designee, his name is Scott Sutton, who is coordinating all of the volunteers and then we set them a fire on the open literature.
And then they bring back the resources that they feel are most appropriate for the coven index.
And right now, there are over 2000 different entries in the coven index.
So that would be individual research papers, newspaper articles, case studies, legal briefs, etc.

[SPEAKER_04]
So are you gonna train an AI chatbot so that you can just go to the COVID index and just simply ask it questions and have it answer it using the data that's been collected?

[SPEAKER_05]
You are a mind reader.
We are going to have- Yes, it's one of my skills.
Well, thank you.
Thank you.
I do appreciate that.
You know, you could stop at any time, but the, the, the, the objective is to get an AI front end on that.
So you can just ask questions.
You can query the AI tool.
and then it will directly give you answers to those questions along with the resources in the COVID index.
And ultimately, our goal is, what's it called?
I'm not a computer geek, I'm a biochemistry geek.
API, what is that?
Help me out, Steve.

[SPEAKER_04]
Application programming interface.

[SPEAKER_05]
Interface.
So we are going to have a functionality for an application programming interface.
So you can use other software to talk directly to the COVID index.
That is how trendy we are.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, if you want to be really trendy, then you have a... Let me go pull it up here.
You have what's called an MCP.

[SPEAKER_05]
An MCP.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_05]
It's like working for the government again.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
So that way you can tell your chatbot.
It's basically a plugin to the chatbot so that the chatbot knows that, oh, I know how to query
articles in the COVID index, for example.
So I have MCPs that allow me to access Microsoft Word documents, look at databases called DB code, really cool.
So it basically extends the reach of your existing chat bot to cover specialty things.

[SPEAKER_05]
We're gonna have to look into that.
This is sort of the new frontier for me.
I'm an old dog, but I like new tricks.
And so, you know, the AI world, there's so much functionality out there.
I mean, you know, some of it, yeah, woo, scary, but let's use the tool for good and not evil and be able to use this information to get
And I love what you do, Steve.
You're training AI as you go.
I mean, it will start out with the blanket statement, vaccines are safe and effective, and then you will take it on a trip.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yes, unfortunately, that trip doesn't last, though.
It's ephemeral, and it's only for me.
And so if anyone else goes in and asks that question, we'll go back to its standard training.

[SPEAKER_05]
Exactly, exactly, which is which is very, very unfortunate.
Now, let's talk about cake or really.
Can I interview for you for a minute?

[SPEAKER_03]
Sure.

[SPEAKER_05]
Okay, KCOR, is that the method that we discussed earlier, probably a few months ago, and you showed it to me.
It basically was able to temporarily look at when the medical intervention was done and then go forward in time.
That's the same methodology.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, essentially you compute weekly hazards for the cohorts.
You adjust those weekly hazards to slope normalize them because they all have an inherent slope because each cohort has different types of individuals in them.
So if you're unvaccinated, you'll tend to have a slope that slopes downward.
And if you're vaccinated, you tend to have a slope that slopes upward over time in terms of your hazard function.
So you need to normalize those.
So that's the equivalent of one-to-one matching, right?
When epidemiologists do this one-to-one matching of cohorts so that they can have comparability between cohorts.
I can't do that.
All I know is when they were born, when they died, and when they got their interventions.

[SPEAKER_05]
So we don't have enough information to do.

[SPEAKER_04]
So we have plenty of information.

[SPEAKER_05]
No, no, no, because the government's withholding.

[SPEAKER_04]
We don't do the traditional epidemiologist one-to-one matching where you take one person and then match them with their unvaccinated counterpart.
We don't do that.
What we do is we say, oh, we got two cohorts.
Let's characterize them.
We can characterize them by their baseline mortality and by the slope of their mortality over time.
And any time you have natural cohorts that are selected this way, they tend to have relatively flat
mortality changes.
It's an exponential, but it looks like a straight line.
It looks like a straight line either sloping slightly up or sloping slightly down.
And so if you want to fairly compare the vaccinated with the unvaccinated, you need to take those slopes associated with the selection bias of the two different cohorts and neutralize them
so that you're comparing apples with apples and so it's the the slope normalization is effectively the same thing as the one to one matching but it's a hell of a lot easier to do and it's a hell of a lot more accurate because i'm actually
I'm actually normalizing the mortality, right?
Because you can have two cohorts and you can neutralize their, do their one-to-one matching, which is what the Qatar people and the Danish registry
uh study people did and they they matched people as precisely as possible and they still couldn't match their mortality so what i do is basically let's just screw that right let's just match their mortality
Let's go and adjust their mortality curves so that they're the same.
And then we have comparability.
And then all we do is we take the cumulative hazard and we take the ratio of the cumulative hazard.
And that tells us whether the vaccine is safe or not.
And nobody does this.
I mean, it's astounding to me.
And when I bring it up to epidemiologists, they say, well, we can't find a problem in the logic here, but I don't want to go on record as endorsing this because I don't want to be fired.

[SPEAKER_05]
No, well, well, you need to work with people like me that wouldn't get fired for something like that.
And it probably get promoted.
I mean, this is a really, I mean, if you think of it, if you normalize mortality prior to the intervention, then the intervention starts after you normalize mortality.
Well, any difference in the curves you've already matched
The cohort you've already been able to match it based on adjusting those mortality rates and then anything that you see is due to the intervention.
It was it's really genius.

[SPEAKER_04]
So so yeah, except except I do the normalization after the intervention because you can't do it before the intervention because the cohorts don't exist.
Right.

[SPEAKER_05]
So, I just take what I'm given.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, you know, look, when you come in, everybody's unvaccinated, right?
They come in and then they get, and then some of them go, they'll either go on the up,
cohort to go get vaccinated will go down to be unvaccinated.
So we have our cohort split at that point.
That's when you need to characterize the mortality is after the intervention.
And so the trick is after the intervention, then how do you figure out what the mortality of the vaccinated group should be?
Because you've just kind of adjusted,
uh you've changed their mortality from baseline mortality because you can't get them what you want to do is you want to judge their mortality after they said oh i'm gonna go get a covid vaccine and before they get the shot you can't do that you can only do it after they get the shot in which case so that was the tricky part so this is why the slope normalization is the the the trickiest part of of what i've done
And I'm working on a way right now to improve that dramatically.
I'm working with ChatGPT as we speak to do that, to design a better method because I have a two window method and it works pretty well, but not as well as it should.
And so I've been brainstorming back and forth about how we can do
Essentially, we take a correlation between the unvaccinated curve of what the hazard function over time looks like.
We take out all the peaks and we find that there's a nice correlation between once you take that out, you see you find a nice correlation between what's going on with the unvaccinated and the vaccinated.
And once you have that correlation, then you can say, oh,
Great we can now merge these guys and figure out what the right parameter is to essentially put these guys on top of each other.
In terms of what's going on during the downtimes, like a year after they've gotten the vaccine, we can go and sort of merge those things.
And once we do that, then we get a much more accurate slope normalization.
It's about as good as you can get.
Unfortunately, you can't do it perfectly because you don't have the data to do it perfectly.
Because if you want to do it perfectly, you say, oh, I'm going to get the vaccine.
You measure them then.
you get better data than you would have using any other method.

[SPEAKER_05]
Absolutely.
We got to get together and talk.
This is Steve Kersh, MIT.
And I hope you get a taker for the $3.3 million.

[SPEAKER_04]
Oh, I have a taker.
OK.
He's accepted.
We got $3.3 million in escrow.
There's $3.3 million in escrow.

[SPEAKER_05]
And so then...

[SPEAKER_04]
In less than 10 days from now, if he wins, I'll be upset.

[SPEAKER_05]
Which he won't, but...
He's not supposed to.

[SPEAKER_04]
According to Chachi, he has no chance.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, that's good.
We'll leave it to the oddsmakers in Vegas, see what they say.
But no, this is so exciting.
The way you do this is really unique.
And I really, really love it because it is...
It, it generates a lot of interest in what you're doing.
It's, it's beyond typical science because you're actually challenging people to prove you wrong.
And, and that, I mean, you know, you, you have to be very, very secure and confident of your methods to be able to do that.

[SPEAKER_04]
Oh, I'm totally secure and confident in the methods.
The methods can always be improved.
For sure.
For sure.
But the fundamental method, the fundamental approach is very solid.
It's been, you know, GROK is validated, HGTPT is validated, Alter AI is validated.
And it's so brain dead simple, right?
You take the cohorts, you slope normalize them, and you do the
uh the the ratio of the cumulative adjusted uh hazards right so um doesn't get any simpler than that it's like it's it's the same method that you would use to compare two stock portfolios or two two investment advisors you basically you count up how much how much money they make over time and you compare the the the equity curve of um
manager A versus the equity curve of manager B.
And you divide them and the guy who comes out on top wins.
And in this case, instead of counting dollars, I'm counting deaths.
It's a little bit more complicated than that.
It's no more difficult than if you were to compare two investment advisors.

[SPEAKER_05]
Right.
But this does things like, you know, to be able to account for differences in healthcare seeking behavior between the vaccinated and the unvaccinated because you're normalizing the populations.

[SPEAKER_04]
Because we're normalizing the curve.
So the equivalent in financial terms would be I have two investment advisors.
One guy works in Bolivia.
where the inflation is like skyrocketing.
And the other guy works in the US.
And you can't just compare their returns because one has inflation and the other one doesn't.
So you have to normalize based on inflation.
That's precisely what I do.
And then once you've inflation normalized these guys, then all you do is you count up how many dollars each one has made and you plot that ratio as a function of time.
And you can see then, oh, well, this guy outperformed the other guy during the first six months.
But after 12 months, they reversed.
And so you're essentially getting a risk benefit for a vaccine over time.
which you can't get.
Like have you ever seen the vaccine risk benefit of the COVID vaccine as a function of time?

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, this is something that you can do.
This is something that we can do now.
That you can actually visualize on that.
I've looked at the risk benefit of two different vaccines.
We're trying to get a paper published right now that shows that the death rate of the AstraZeneca was much higher than the death rate of the Pfizer, not saying that either one of them is good.
But the thing that's really frightening is they pulled the AstraZeneca off the market in 2024, but they knew about this effect in 2022.
So they knew, I mean, you do a side-by-side comparison.
There's a higher risk of mortality in the AstraZeneca.
And they published on this.
We just basically took the data from a publication that was done using a cohort in the UK and did a side-by-side comparison.
So we need this information.
We need a K-Core
and as many tools as we can possibly get in order to analyze this information.
And then big commercial for the COVID index.
Then we immortalize it on the COVID index and publish our results there.
Right, Steve?
Right.
OK. Good.

[SPEAKER_04]
We'll be in touch.

[SPEAKER_05]
OK.
I love it.
There's so many things going on.

[SPEAKER_04]
And then 50 years later, the FDA looks at it.

[SPEAKER_05]
Wasn't it 76, 77, yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
Oh yeah, sorry, sorry, 72 years later, right?

[SPEAKER_05]
Right, right.
Yeah, yeah, that's when this is all going to be ripe and, you know, my- That's when all the documents will be ready.

[SPEAKER_04]
Mm-hmm.

[SPEAKER_05]
Oh, absolutely, yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
Or was it 70, 75 years, something like that?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, yeah, absolutely incredible.

[SPEAKER_04]
So how often do you get to talk to Bobby nowadays?

[SPEAKER_05]
Not much.
It is, you know, he is so absolutely swamped.
And, you know, when I talk to other individuals that are working alongside of him at HHS, they say that, you know, basically the last hours of the day, he's pulling knives out of his back.

[SPEAKER_04]
Oh, every day?

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, I don't I hesitate to say this, you know, publicly, but
But there are so many individuals that are embedded within HHS that want nothing to do with good health, that they want the status quo, they want the pharmaceutical control, they want their royalty revenues for their patents.
And so they're looking at not changing, and they're accusing our side of doing everything that they're doing.

[SPEAKER_04]
Right.
Has he found any allies that come into his office at the end of the day and help him remove the knives?

[SPEAKER_05]
Plenty.
There are plenty of individuals within HHS that are allies.
Some of them were in HHS before.
Some of them are new hires brought into HHS really to clean house and clean up.

[SPEAKER_04]
Any old hires though that are essentially being helpful?

[SPEAKER_05]
Dr. William Thompson.

[SPEAKER_04]
Okay, that's it, huh?

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, you know, I know of a few others that were more alive than against him very quietly.
And my hope is, I mean, you know, I can't keep as much of a track of these individuals.
And Thompson wants nothing to do with me.
And that's fine.
That's OK.
He has his reasons.
But there were other individuals that were quietly applauding Bill Thompson over the CDC whistleblower era and so forth.
And my hope is that they've been emboldened to really come, you know, to step up and show Bobby where the bodies are buried.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
Well, my understanding is that nobody has done that yet.
Nobody has really come to Bobby to say,
hey, you should know about this, and here's documented evidence that they knew about this, and they basically told me to destroy the documents, something akin to what happened with Thompson.
I mean, you've spent a lot of time.
Yeah, so I mean, look, you spent a lot of time talking to Thompson, and Vaxed, the movie Vaxed, which documents that,
only shows a very small portion of the conversations you've had with Thompson.
And in fact, what's been publicly revealed is still only a small portion of what's actually there.
So you know the whole story.
You've seen all the documents.
Is there any doubt in your mind that William Thompson was ordered to destroy documents that were

[SPEAKER_05]
uh that that linked vaccines and autism he was ordered to destroy documents and when you connect the dots and he never said this came out and said this but the person who ordered him to destroy those documents was calling boil in the national center for birth defects and developmental disabilities and so you connect the dots that's that's who it points to she was the senior researcher she was
The senior management at the center level, she was the manager for the entire center.
And so she had the authority to do that.
Now, when he testified, I mean, there was a CDC investigation into his allegations.
He filed a complaint.
I filed a separate complaint.
in September of 2014 and the other four co-authors on that paper, on the DiStefano paper, denied that they were ever ordered to destroy documents and denied that they ever did destroy documents.

[SPEAKER_04]
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
that is to be published before the paper is published and where the data is adverse to what your conclusion is in the paper.
Do you ever do that?
Is there any legitimate reason that a scientist would be told to destroy evidence on their paper like that?

[SPEAKER_05]
no legitimate reason to destroy anything.
Scientists need to be the ultimate pack rats and keep all of the de-identified information that they have on their cohorts.
You cannot do that.
You cannot destroy unless somehow you're hypnotized by Catwoman
Or the penguin or the Riddler and they make you do it So, you know, there is no there is no logical reason for doing that except for they wanted to cover up the results They want to cover up the truth And and it's objectively clear That they had him destroy the data because the data never made it into the paper
No, the data, they said specifically that the analysis was not done, that the analysis for the race effect was done only on the birth certificate cohort.
And that's a big fat lie.

[SPEAKER_04]
So can you objectively prove to an unbiased person or finder of fact that that is the case?

[SPEAKER_05]
Absolutely.

[SPEAKER_04]
Has anyone from the New York Times ever called you up and said, Brian, I want let's talk about this?

[SPEAKER_05]
No, no.

[SPEAKER_04]
Do you think anyone from the New York Times will ever in your lifetime call you up and say, Brian, I'd like to get your input on this?

[SPEAKER_05]
No, they don't wanna know.
They do not, they simply do not want to know.
They do not want to say anything incriminating about the MMR vaccine because then they will be Andy Wakefield and that is a fate worse than death.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yep, well, Wakefield fortunately is doing well nowadays.
So that's good.
So have you been, have you had,
Any of these said that, you know, the, uh, have you been Wakefield at all in terms of your speaking out?

[SPEAKER_05]
No, not really.
Um, you know, he had the full blown knockdown drag out, um, you know, get in the rink, a ring and get pounded by George Frazier.
I had the.
WWE, you know, Saturday night fights, they're all fake.
So, you know, I had some persecution, I had paper retracted, but quite honestly, Steve, when the paper was retracted, the MMR paper that reported the effect for African American males,
was retracted from a journal called Translational Neurodegeneration.
My provost, I met with her.
She didn't even call me into the office.
I reached out to her and said, you need to know what happened.
And we had a good laugh about it.
And we talked about health freedom.
And then I went back to my office.
So I had an institution that, granted, they didn't have a whole lot to lose because of my academic freedom.
They supported it.
I mean, they could have.
Wow.
They could have relented.
They supported my academic freedom.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
I mean, I thought you were going to say and and then they get someone came in and told me to clean that I have 20 minutes to clean up my office.

[SPEAKER_05]
No, that's awesome.
I, I, I'm retired now, but I run an office from, from them.
So, you know, this is sort of CHD central and reading.

[SPEAKER_04]
Wow.
So, so, uh, would she speak out publicly about this and say, Hey, I support, um, uh, Dr. Hooker.

[SPEAKER_05]
No, no, she wouldn't speak out publicly.
The current president of the university has interacted with people who have raised concern.
There have been a lot of astroturfers that have raised complaints.
They mail president at simpsonu.edu.
And so there's been some hate mail that has been sent to the higher ups.
They go to the president, he gives them to the provost.
The provost comes to me and basically then I write the response of the president.
I ghost write the email.
And so it's been a sweet situation.
I've been here for 15 years.

[SPEAKER_04]
That's awesome.
So what did you think of this inconvenience study?
So I'm sure you've read the study.
Right.
And the claim is that, oh, the study was so flawed that it didn't meet the quality standards of Henry Ford Health System.
You've done a number of studies in your career.
What's your take on Henry Ford's characterization of the inconvenient study?

[SPEAKER_05]
They came up with a study design, and so if it's so fatally flawed, it's on them.
It's not on, you know, it's not on the people that are looking at the study and actually publish the study.
It's on them.
You know, are there limitations of the Henry Ford study?
Yeah, there are limitations of every study.
Absolutely, there are limitations.
There's limitations regarding cohort age,
Uh, you know, in terms of vaccinated versus unvaccinated, uh, there's, there's limitations, uh, regarding not being able to directly match because of limited information that they at least they reported that they had.
Um, but to me, it's one additional strong piece of evidence in the evidence that includes, you know, Mawson et al.
2017, Hooker and Miller, 2020, 2021, Mawson et al.
2025, Lyons Weiler and Blaylock, Lyons Weiler and Thomas.
Not surprising at all.
No.

[SPEAKER_04]
Right.
So there was nothing fundamentally wrong with anything that they did.
No, no.

[SPEAKER_05]
It was it was all it's all institutional.

[SPEAKER_04]
It just doesn't.
So if the results had shown that the the vaccinated kids did better.
Do you think the institution would have said this is not a quality study?
We need you can't submit this for publication.
You think there's any chance the institution would have done that if the results had been opposite?

[SPEAKER_05]
When you take a big bin of garbage and you shake it up and down and a study comes out and it says vaccines are great, it goes direct to publication.
Period.
Period.
It doesn't matter.
I mean, you see some of the boneheaded things.
that have come out of the CDC over the years that have come out of the Statin Serum Institute.
You've been through, you know, the Anderson study on aluminum.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
Yeah.
We're just thinking that one.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
Yeah.
Look at these guys.
I mean, what they do for the rest of the day, connect the dots, word search.
They're not really brilliant people.
They're basically covering up an effect.

[SPEAKER_04]
So basically, in that study, it showed that there was a statistically significant benefit to aluminum exposure in reducing the risk of autism.
What's the biological plausibility of that one?

[SPEAKER_05]
No, there is no plausibility.
Aluminum's a neurotoxin.
And so there's no, absolutely no way that you would get a net benefit.
That calls the entire study design into question right there.

[SPEAKER_04]
Totally.
Now, your son, did he become autistic like hours or days after getting a vaccine?
Yeah, he he regressed very, very quickly with within how long after getting a vaccine.

[SPEAKER_05]
He lost all of his language within 18 days of getting his 15 month vaccines.

[SPEAKER_04]
How many vaccines did he get?

[SPEAKER_05]
Three.
One was a combination vaccine.
What was it?

[SPEAKER_04]
three vaccines and it took 15.
Yeah.
15 days, 15 days, 18 days.
That's, that's astonishing.
So clearly you had no idea that vaccines cause autism when you had your son vaccinated, like you were a believer in, Oh, there's no link, right?

[SPEAKER_05]
I didn't even really think that there, I think about a link, you know, even being a possibility, I barely knew that an adverse event was a thing.
And so therefore we did take him in, he had an ear infection.
We asked the nurse practitioner, is it okay to vaccinate a sick kid?
We're kind of concerned about this.
It's the first time we ever raised a concern.
And she said, oh, we do it all the time.
She didn't really answer her question.
She just said, we do it all the time.
Right, right.
It's fine.
We'll do it.
You know, let's just go ahead and vaccinate him.
And he got a live virus vaccine and two aluminum containing vaccines all in one wallop with an active ear infection.
He went into cytokine storm and he had really bad, bad, bad neuroinflammation, screaming at the top of his lungs, red fever.
We treated the fever with Tylenol.
We rotated between Tylenol and baby aspirin back and forth, back and forth.

[SPEAKER_04]
Did all the things you weren't supposed to do.
Exactly.
Yeah.
So when did you figure out, like, what did the doctor say?
Did the doctor say, Brian, this is normal.
We see this all the time.
It'll pass.
Don't worry.
Is that what the doctor said?

[SPEAKER_05]
What did the doctor say?
The next well baby checkup where we had no vaccines, thank God, was 18 months.
And she said he has full blown autism.
You need to take him to a developmental specialist.

[SPEAKER_04]
Okay, but no acknowledgement that oh sorry about the shots.

[SPEAKER_05]
No, no, absolutely not.

[SPEAKER_04]
When did you make the connection between the shots?
And autism, like what caused you to, to like, what, what was your red pill moment?
Was it when your son regressed and lost all of his language skills and in 18 days from the shot and you put two and two together, or did you just think it was a coincidence because they're trained to gaslight you into believing that no, no, no, it's not related.
You just got unlucky.

[SPEAKER_05]
No, we.
we had the inclination we had the impression my wife and I were talking about it back and forth regarding you know the sequence of ear infection vaccine and then you know regressing into autism I mean and we were devastated we were heartbroken because we did not know what our son's trajectory was going to be but the real red pill moment was
When we saw an integrated physician at his second birthday on his second birthday, and he said no more vaccines, none.
This is a vaccine injury.
And we're really thankful.
We live in a small community in eastern Washington.
The fact that we had an integrated physician that would even say that was a miracle.

[SPEAKER_04]
Wow.
So if that didn't occur that you probably might to this day still think it was a coincidence?

[SPEAKER_05]
We could have.
I'd like to think that my discernment and my critical thinking skills were a little better than that.
But one of the things that we found very, very quickly after my son's diagnosis, even before that visit with integrated physician is that mainstream medicine wasn't equipped to do anything to help us period.
We knew that by the time we saw him.

[SPEAKER_04]
Have you have you had anybody in the in mainstream medicine confirmed to you and and say, yeah, your son's autism was caused by vaccines, other than this integrative doctor that you talked about a two years old?

[SPEAKER_05]
One, Andrew Zimmerman, he would not testify for my son's case because he had already been eviscerated in vaccine court.
He was persona non grata, even though he was the one that was essentially responsible for the Hanna polling decision or the concession.
And he looked at the case and he said, yeah, it was a vaccine.

[SPEAKER_04]
But he wouldn't testify in court to that?

[SPEAKER_05]
No, he would not testify in court.

[SPEAKER_04]
So you've gotten like zero money from the government in terms of compensation for the injury?

[SPEAKER_05]
None, none whatsoever.
Neither would, you know, honestly, at that point, they were set up for everybody to fail.
They had Hanna polling, you know, they probably over it, their lifetime payouts gonna be over $20 million.
And they will use every bit of it to take care of Hanna polling, but they weren't going to make any more concessions period.
And so Andy- Right, it'd be too expensive.
the angel Gabriel could have floated into the courtroom and said, I will smite you unless you compensate them.
They still would have done it.

[SPEAKER_03]
All right, Livia questions.
That's an astounding story, Dr. Hooker.
Um, what you went through and that we're still where we are today in terms of, I mean, you were, that was what year was that Dr. Hooker did you say?

[SPEAKER_05]
We, we entered into the vaccine compensation program in 2002 and we did not get a decision until 2018.
Wow.

[SPEAKER_04]
That's, that's incredible.
That's a long time.

[SPEAKER_05]
It was a super, super long time.
We opted out of the omnibus in 2010.
We regrouped with our lawyer and then it was another eight year waiting period after that.

[SPEAKER_03]
That is a delay tactic.
I mean, I'm dumbfounded to even imagine why it would have taken so long other than they just want to shelve it and not have anything public about anything like that back then.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, I think that they did not want it to go to oral arguments, because I had foiled the CDC enough to show that there was fraud in the CDC.
I submitted a expert testimony in my own son's case, and all I talked about was the fraud.
And so I think that really, you know, judge our special master, George Hastings did not want it to go to oral arguments.
And so, you know, because I, I was, I was going to name names.
I was ready to name names, you know, CDC, FDA, uh, uh, health resources services administration, national vaccine program office and the department of justice.
I knew all the bad guys.
And so they didn't want us to go to oral arguments.

[SPEAKER_03]
The integrative medicine doctor who gave you the diagnosis is that doctor still practicing?
And I wonder how many after you that he was able to diagnose and continue to discourage from getting.

[SPEAKER_05]
He was, um, he lost his ability to treat children, uh, several years ago.

[SPEAKER_04]
Um, how did he lose that?
They take away his license or what?

[SPEAKER_05]
They had a trumped up complaint about, yeah, I don't even know what, it's been a while since I've really interfaced or interacted with him.
I do believe he's still treating adults.
uh, in an integrated capacity, but they, for, for some reason, I mean, they phony baloney complaints.
I mean, they have people show up at these offices that are plants that will file a complaint with the medical board and the Washington state medical board where he's located is notorious for doing that.

[SPEAKER_03]
And that scares away any other practitioners from
speaking the truth.

[SPEAKER_05]
Exactly.
They cut off his head, put it on a post, you know, in front where everybody can see and nobody is going to break rank.

[SPEAKER_03]
No.
Before we get to audience questions, I want to shift gears for one second here and ask you about, we were talking about some people coming into the administration and I saw an article today
And I'm not familiar with Dr. Ralph Lee Abraham.
I'm wondering if either of you are, who apparently is the top ivermectin prescriber is now in CDC's second highest position.
There's the article there on the screen.

[SPEAKER_05]
Oh, he is a hero.
He is an absolute hero.
He, uh, treated so many patients successfully during the COVID era.
And he had been recently pointed as this, that the surgeon general of Louisiana.
And so governor Jeff Landry, you know, there was no doubt in his mind, he's very, very health freedom activated.
He is very, very in line with make America healthy again.
And so he nominated and then I don't know what approvals process they go through, but then Ralph Abraham became the Surgeon General.
And so now he's going to the CDC.

[SPEAKER_03]
That's great news.
And especially considering, remember back in the dark days of ivermectin where they were saying people were dying from taking ivermectin.
And was it earlier this summer or in the spring, three states and maybe more now have approved over the counter of ivermectin?
And I have yet to see a story where people are dropping dead from taking ivermectin or having any sort of severe adverse effects.

[SPEAKER_05]
No.
Oh, no.
It's a great anti-parasitic.
It's a great anti-viral.
Everybody should have some ivermectin on hand.
It's a really, you know, very, very benign medicine.
I mean, there aren't very many medicines that have gotten a Nobel Prize in medicine.
It has.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, I can validate what you just said as I took it for a while during the lockdowns.
All right, let's move on to the first question from Vonette.
Has anyone looked at the batch numbers and which side effects went with them?
Were there placebos?

[SPEAKER_05]
There's quite a bit of difference in the different lots that were released.
We did an analysis of the Pfizer vaccine and it's published in Science, Public Health Policy and the Law.
the journal that is part of IPAC EDU.
And in our analysis, we found that the first batches of the vaccine that were released that came out had, by and large, the highest percentage of adverse events.
So the early ones were worse.
I do believe looking at the safety profile in terms of the number of adverse events,
that there were some placebo lots, or there were some lots that were just so ineffective that they might as well have been placebos.

[SPEAKER_04]
Wow.
Do you think that was deliberate or just a luck of the draw?

[SPEAKER_05]
I have no idea.
I mean, it's very, very difficult.
You know, I was just going through some documents today regarding the manufacturer of the mRNA shots and the lot to lot variability was just off the chart.
And I think that it was so slapdash.
Everything was put together, you know, on the fly so we could have this warp speed, you know, quote unquote vaccine that there were a lot of corners that were cut and they, they don't belong in the market now.
They're not, they're not a part of.
what's called a broad licensing agreement.
The requirements for a broad licensing agreement for the Pfizer and the Moderna were never satisfied, so they shouldn't be on the market.

[SPEAKER_03]
I'm flashing back to the early days of Warp Speed before the vaccine rollout and they were going to have to be refrigerated, was the news.
They're going to have to close grocery stores just to have them in the refrigerated section so people would go get them.
And then all of a sudden it was like, oh yeah, just go down to Walgreens or CVS.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, what happened there?

[SPEAKER_03]
Just all of a sudden it wasn't a problem anymore.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, why was that?

[SPEAKER_05]
Does that make any sense?
You know, Puff the Magic Dragon breathed on the lots of the vaccines and made them safe.

[SPEAKER_04]
Ah, Puff the Magic Dragon, of course.

[SPEAKER_05]
Right, right.
Well, everything's better with weed, so yeah.
I didn't say that.
That wasn't me.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_05]
That is cracking me up.
Wow.

[SPEAKER_04]
Nice one, Livio.

[SPEAKER_03]
I'm cracking up over that one.
I don't know why.
Question from Substack Marcion Q.
Are they ever going to subpoena William Thompson?

[SPEAKER_04]
That is a really good question.

[SPEAKER_05]
I don't, you know, I'm getting older, grayer and bolder and it hasn't happened.
And so, you know, I really, I tend to wonder, I think that if anybody would actually get the subpoena approved, it would be Senator Ron Johnson.
He's a subcommittee chair.
He's not a committee chair.
So he cannot issue a subpoena
for somebody like a federal employee to testify.
My hope is, and William Thompson, if you're out there, I hope you're listening, is that he would be invited to testify and he would testify in his own accord.

[SPEAKER_04]
Invited to testify?
No, I don't think that's going to happen.

[SPEAKER_05]
I don't know.
Johnson would be the person that would be motivated to do that because he's motivated to do the right thing.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, but Thompson's not protected unless he's subpoenaed.

[SPEAKER_05]
Exactly.
Exactly.

[SPEAKER_04]
And there's the rub.

[SPEAKER_03]
Question from Geniusaf960.
What do you think of the pace of change at HHS and do you have any predictions about when we will see an end to the mRNA shots?

[SPEAKER_05]
Oh my goodness.
The pace is as fast as they can possibly go.
you know, when you, when you look at some of the things that secretary Kennedy has done and has done kind of in the dark of night, you know, changing the CDC website regarding vaccines and autism, you know, which has been a thorn in my side since they put it up back in, you know, the two thousands.
Um,
So they're doing absolutely as much as they can possibly do.
They're also in the process of identifying and rooting out the bad guys and the impediments for what they're trying to do.
I worked for the federal government in a national laboratory, a department of energy laboratory for 16 years.
And the pace of government is way, way slower than what you can even imagine.
And so the fact that they're getting anything done at all, that the COVID shot for children is now joint decision making, it's not really a part of the CDC schedule, that the
CDC Director Susan Monterrez was fired for insubordination.
I mean, and you know, I could go on and on and on for, you know, the different things that Secretary Kennedy has accomplished in 10 months.
But he's going, you know, he's going way, way faster than the speed of government.

[SPEAKER_03]
That is true.
It's a

[SPEAKER_05]
I know it's frustrating.
I mean, we've been waiting for this a long time and we all have designs on what needs to be changed.

[SPEAKER_03]
Question from Lisa.
What is the status of the Prep Act lawsuit that Ray Flores filed for CHD?
Any chance of overturning prep?

[SPEAKER_05]
You know, let me check on that.
Ray's a good friend of mine.
We tend to talk almost on a daily basis.
So let me see where the prep back lawsuit is.
I don't know off hand, I should know off hand.
And really in full disclosure, just email me at drbryanhooker at gmail.com if you want an update regarding the prep back lawsuit.
And I'll make sure that I get back with you with a proper response.

[SPEAKER_03]
Great.
Thank you.
Appreciate that.
Question from Data 12 and thank you for the donation.
Dr. Hooker, do you know how Dr. Elizabeth Ruddy, the cancer doctor, is doing in her research?

[SPEAKER_05]
I do not, I do not, I'm familiar with who Elizabeth Ruddy is, but I am not familiar of where she is regarding her cancer research.
So I do know that one of the things that needs to be checked out is the recent pre-print publication by Kevin McKernan, Dr. Jessica Rose and Charles Rixie.
Everybody should be checking that out.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, they're they're being attacked, right?
To have it try to get left and right, left and right.
And these guys are doing hero's work.
Can you repeat that email address one more time just so we can get that to you?

[SPEAKER_05]
This is Dr. Brian Hooker, Brian with an I hooker, all one word at gmail.com.

[SPEAKER_03]
Thank you.
Question from Go Tell It On A Mountain.
Dr. Hooker, does your university take money from pharma?
No.

[SPEAKER_05]
No, not that I know of.
I mean, there may be some donations.
We've had several buildings added to the university campus in the past 10 years.
And so there may be donations from doctors.
They may have taken donations from the local hospital corporation or the hospital corporation that services the local hospitals.
But no, no, there is no money that they're getting from Big Pharma, period.

[SPEAKER_04]
That's good news.

[SPEAKER_03]
Question from bright blue.
What is the plan by RFK junior to repeal the 1986 protection to big pharma regarding vaccine injury?

[SPEAKER_05]
There is an effort afoot to assess the repeal of the 1986 Act, which would take an act of Congress to do.
What is in the Secretary's power is to reform the 1986 Act, and there are officials actively planning the reform of the 1986 Act.
And I'd be sitting there, I will be the loudest spectator that they could have because my son needs a look back.
He needs a look back and all the children that were represented in the autism omnibus, over 5,500 children in that omnibus, which was pure and simple fraud.
They need to look back provision and they need to look back provision with the real science, not the fraudulent side.
So I do know there's efforts afoot for what they can do, which is to reform the act, but to repeal the act that would take an act of Congress.
So it wouldn't be another congressional bill.

[SPEAKER_03]
That would be one of the greatest victories.
Absolutely.

[SPEAKER_05]
Representative Paul Gosar from the state of Arizona has a bill to repeal the 1986 act.

[SPEAKER_03]
And then the last is less of a question, more of a statement from OSIRUsoft.
Just a thank you to Dr. Hooker for being a voice I remember when I was deciding to not vaccinate our child in 2011.

[SPEAKER_05]
Nothing warms my heart more than hearing that.
One shot will do it, just one.
You do not, you know, people are like, oh, let's space them out.
Let's, you know, we'll just give them one shot per visit.
No, one shot can do it.
One shot can cause permanent neurodevelopmental damage.
One shot can cause SIDS.
I mean, you look at the testimony that was given at the Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations,
of, oh, Crystal, I forget her last name, but there was a SIDS case.
That was a single flu shot of a 14-month-old child.

[SPEAKER_03]
All it takes, one shot.
One shot.
Dr. Hooker, I want to thank you so much for your time and all the effort you've put in over the years.
the website you can find at Children's Health Defense.
It is the COVID index, the COVID index, and you can find it at covidindex.science or you can find it at the Children's Health Defense website.
Janet will put the link in the chat.
And if you missed the beginning of the show, go back because Dr. Hooker takes us through the website and does a great job just showing us what a wonderful resource it is and how to use it.

[SPEAKER_05]
So absolutely.
I appreciate the opportunity.
I appreciate, um, being able to hang with you guys, Steve, Livio, nurse Angela, you're doing God's work and you're saving lives.

[SPEAKER_03]
Thank you.
I appreciate it.
Yep.
And so thank you.
And I wish you a happy Thanksgiving, Brian, and hope to see you soon in 2026.
Thank you very much.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thank you, Brian.
Thanks for all your work.

[SPEAKER_03]
All right, Steve, hang in there for a little bit because before we close, I want to thank all of you who made donations tonight.
We're all of us at VSRF are so grateful for your support and for all of you who do make VSRF possible.
We are a small grassroots nonprofit.
And this work continues only because of your support, your involvement, your voices, your commitment, your truth, your activity in the chat.
Just everything you do is what helps keep our community strong.
Every week you remind us why this mission matters.
If you'd like to help us stay strong into 2026, again, please consider donating at backsafety.org backslash donate or text VSRF to 53555.
And thank you for standing with us and being part of this movement.
Next Thursday, Steve, you will not be here, but I will.
and we're going to have a special episode for an important conversation about mental health and the widespread use of SSRIs.
We'll be looking at how these medications shape our understanding of what it means to be normal and the real-world impact they have on individuals and families
will be joined, as you can see on the screen, by psychiatric nurse David Wayne and Kim Witzak, who became a leading drug safety advocate after the sudden death of her husband to an undisclosed antidepressant side effect.
It's going to be a deeply meaningful and eye-opening discussion, and I hope you will all join us.
I'll be handling that interview next week as I prepare to actually go to a conference on mental health.
And then tonight we're signing off with a powerful clip from Mickey Willis, the film PlanDemic2.
This is an excerpt from PlanDemic2.
It explores how the pharmaceutical industry amassed enormous influence over medicine, public health institutions,
and even medical education, shaping policies, perceptions, and practices for more than a century.
It's a vivid reminder of how we ended up with the system we have today.
I think you're going to enjoy this.
Well, enjoy is a tough word to say about any of this, but it's an interesting clip, especially after tonight's topic.
And I want to thank
All of you for joining us tonight and for being part of the community.
And to everyone, we wish you a very happy and healthy Thanksgiving.
And we hope you enjoy the holiday, enjoy the time with your family.
And we'll be back here next Thursday on the fourth, same time, same place, 7 p.m. Rumble and X. Steve, I hope you have a fantastic Thanksgiving with your family and loved ones.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thank you, Olivia.
And you do the same.

[SPEAKER_03]
Thank you.
Have a great night everyone and happy Thanksgiving.
Bye everybody.

[SPEAKER_01]
About 40 or 50 years ago, pharmaceutical CEOs actually went to jail if they knowingly sold a bad product and concealed information about the problems with that product.
Since then, all they have done is paid fines.
And so selling a product and concealing information about it is okay because paying the fine is considered the cost of doing business.
How did the pharmaceutical industry come to capture the rest of the medical industry?
And it's because they had so much money to bribe the NIH, the CDC, the FDA, the professional associations, you know, the journals, the medical schools and everyone else.

[SPEAKER_00]
Around the same time that John D. Rockefeller seized US media, he also hijacked US medicine.
When it was discovered that drugs could be produced from petroleum, America's top oil mogul ordered his army of propagandists to invert reality accordingly.
Medicines used for thousands of years were suddenly classified as alternative, while the new, petroleum-based, highly addictive, and patentable drugs were declared the gold standard.
After buying the German pharmaceutical company that manufactured chemicals of war for Adolf Hitler, Rockefeller leveraged his political influence by pressing Congress to declare natural healing modalities, unscientific quackery.
Rockefeller then took control of the American Medical Association and began offering massive grants to top medical schools under the mandate that only his approved curriculum be taught.
Any mention of the healing powers of herbs, plants, and diet was erased from most medical textbooks.
Doctors and professors who objected to Rockefeller's plan were crucified by the media, removed from the AMA, and stripped of their license to teach and practice medicine.
Those who dared to speak out were arrested and jailed.
When evidence began to emerge that petroleum-based medicines were causing cancer, Mr. Rockefeller founded the American Cancer Society through which he suppressed that information.
John D. Rockefeller is duly credited as the founder of the pharmaceutical industry, and the reason that medical error is currently the third leading cause of death in America.
This is not an indictment against doctors.
More than anyone, they are under the stranglehold of the single largest lobbying power in Washington.
Every year, the pharmaceutical industry spends at least twice the amount as big oil to influence laws, policies, and public perception.
Thanks to Mr. Rockefeller, the architect of American monopolies.
No industry has more power over our lives than Big Pharma.

[UNKNOWN]
Wow.
