[SPEAKER_07]
This song is about the cynical manipulation of large numbers of people It does happen Once that you've decided on a killing First you make a stone of your heart And if you find that your hands are still willing Then you can turn a murder into art
Really is like any leaf or bloodshed You just do it with a little more finesse
If you can slip a tablet in to someone's coffee, then it avoids an awful lot of mess.
Oh, yes.
My, my numbers, one, two, three.

[SPEAKER_06]
It's as easy to learn as the LBC.
My, my numbers, one, two, three.
It's as easy to learn as the LBC.

[SPEAKER_07]
Now if you have a taste for this experience And you're flushed with your very first success Then you must try a twosome or a threesomes You'll find your conscience bothers you much less Because murder is like anything you take to It's a habit forming need for more and more
You can bump up every member of your family.
And anybody else, you find them all.

[SPEAKER_06]
What are my numbers?
One, two, three.
It's as easy to learn as your APP.
What are my numbers?
One, two, three.
It's as easy to learn as your APP.

[SPEAKER_07]
You can join the ranks of the illustrious In history's great dark hall of fame All our greatest killers were industrious At least the ones that we all know by name Now you can reach the top of this profession If you become the leader of the land

[SPEAKER_06]
For murder is the sport of the elected You don't need to lift a finger of your hand Cause it's murder by numbers One, two, three It's as easy to learn as your ABC Murder by numbers One, two, three It's as easy to learn as your ABC
That's how easy it is to learn.
That's your A, B, C, D, E, F.

[SPEAKER_04]
Tonight on VSRF Live, we'll be joined by prominent professor of oncology at St. George's University of London, Dr. Angus Dalglish, and renowned Canadian physician and cancer researcher, Dr. William Mackist.

[SPEAKER_05]
Around the world, you've got Florida Surgeon General, Dr. Joseph Latapov calling for these shots.
to be banned, to be taken off the market, because it's proven now they're contaminated.
Health Canada has admitted that the COVID vaccines are contaminated.
They're contaminated with DNA, with SV40, with a carcinogenic sequence.
We just see more and more documentation of cancers and the heart attacks and strokes.
Now, young kids are getting heart attacks and strokes.

[SPEAKER_02]
And it's only when you ask,
Why are we seeing suddenly these patients with aggressive cancers young previously very fit and the only thing they have in common.
They'd be given a COVID vaccine booster often against their wishes, but bullied by the GP.
Yeah, you know, you must have it.
Otherwise.
won't treat you type of things.
Terrible, terrible things I've heard.
So I actually think the number of people is enormous.
Today or was it yesterday in the National newspaper, they said the number of cancer cases in the UK has gone up through the roof.
It's now in the millions as opposed to the hundreds of thousands.

[SPEAKER_04]
Good evening, everyone, and welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm your host, Livio Sanchez.
And as always, it's an honor to be here with all of you tonight.
We have a very special show featuring two brilliant oncologists, Dr. Angus Dalglish and Dr. William Mackus.
Dr. Dalglish, a renowned professor of oncology, is known for his critical stance on vaccine safety and his concerns about the long-term effects of DNA contamination on human cells.
Dr. Maccas, an expert in cancer imaging and therapies, will share promising updates, including successes with ivermectin, fenbendazol, and other innovative cancer treatments.
I'll get that right, Steve.
Together, they'll address the rise of turbo cancers, the impact of mRNA shots, and the role COVID vaccines have played on public health, offering insights that challenge conventional narratives and bring hope to those seeking alternative approaches.
But first, let's bring on VSRF founder, Steve Kirsch.
Welcome to VSRF Live.
Steve, how are you this evening?
I'm good.
How do I say that properly, Steve?
Help me out here.
Phenbendazole.
Phenbendazole.
Thank you very much.
A little tongue twister there.
So we've got two amazing guests tonight.
They're going to be back to back.
We were able to do a pre-record with Dr. Dalglish because he could not be here with us live.
And it is a fantastic interview.
And then we're bringing on Dr. Maccas live after the pre-recorded interview with Dr. Dalglish.
And Steve will interview him.
And then we'll have audience Q&A at the end in the second hour.
So if you have questions for Dr. Maccas or Steve,
or myself, put them in the chat all caps and we'll get to your questions later on in the show.
So first, before we get to the interview, Steve, how are you and can we get an update on your debate?
What's happening there?

[SPEAKER_03]
We're at, so I'm good, we're at round three of the debate, so we'll be filing round three documents on Saturday.
And I'm feeling pretty good.
These shots.
They have increased cases since they've rolled out.
So my opponent has to argue how increasing COVID cases, making it more likely that you're going to get COVID has ended up saving hundreds of thousands of lives.
Because he's currently arguing that they're lowering cases and it's saving hundreds of thousands of lives.
So now he has to go, I'm going to put him on the defensive now because the data clearly shows that the highly vaccinated regions are getting the most COVID.
He's now going to have to convince the judges that, well, I was just kidding before when I said that lowering cases will reduce the number of deaths.
Now I have to argue that increasing the cases will reduce the number of deaths.
So in other words, whatever the vaccine does, it's saving lives.

[SPEAKER_04]
Now, do you get any feedback or instruction from the judges?

[SPEAKER_03]
No, we do.
We get to ask the judges questions like, what are you thinking?
Are you convinced by this?
If you're not convinced, why not?
And so you have an opportunity to fine tune your strategy.
So rather than trying to leave everything for the last minute,
and and pulling your zinger out of the box i'm going to be basically pulling it out of the box on round three so i'll have rounds four five and six to do any kind of defenses if i i need them and do the rounds get quicker as you go along or no no it's the same and there's a time limit that they have that you have to respond to his
Yeah, the rounds go like three days between rounds, three or four days between rounds.
And the data is devastating.
This is the case's data by county and then you can aggregate it by states and it all shows that
the highly vaccinated states had more cases and this is exactly what my my survey show.
So I've surveyed my reader base.
I asked them, hey, how many vaccines have you had?
How many times have you had COVID?
And if you've had no vaccines, you typically have had like 0.8
uh rounds of of covid in other words you're 80 likely to have gotten one case uh if you've had um more than that you've had more cases and if you had more than that there's more cases now the judges argue that anything that i do in my surveys is completely non-scientific because my reader base is totally biased
But you see the reader base is just reporting in exactly what happened to them.
And the stats are coming in exactly the same, no matter how many readers you survey.
So either they're all in on it, which they can't be because they can't see the votes before they vote,
or I'm actually measuring what's really happening.
Now, of course, I believe it's what's really happening because it just happens to match all of the detailed studies that show that the more vaccines that you get, the more times you get COVID.
And there's mechanism of action, it's all consistent.
And what's beautiful is that for once the big data shows the same thing and you can't rewrite history.
So there's no way he can pull this out.
Unless I made a very serious mistake, there's no way he can pull this out.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, let's hope that's not the case.
And I can tell you from my own personal anecdotal evidence that most, if not all of my vaccinated friends, they just kept getting COVID.
So it seems to match up with what you're finding.
They just kept getting it.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
And if I told the judges, I cannot find an anecdote,
that where the vaccinated people are getting COVID at lower the rate of the unvaccinated.
Can't find a single, not a single company in America.
You might find a household or two where it's statistically insignificant, but there's no group of people like a workplace where the vaccinated aren't getting COVID at significantly higher than the unvaccinated.

[SPEAKER_04]
All right, well, we are all on pins and needles waiting for the end of this.
Can we ask, are you reading the comments live?
I have them on the screen, but I can't read them because we're live and I'm talking to you and I'm managing the controls here.
So, but there they are.
Do you want to have people chime in on something?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, can we ask, at your workplace,
Do you have a case where the unvaccinated are getting COVID at greater than the rate of the vaccinated?
If so, please list your workplace in there and your phone number or way to contact you.
I wanna find out if this is real or not, but I haven't found a place.

[SPEAKER_04]
And just to clarify, that is if you know unvaccinated people that are getting COVID at a higher rate than vaccinated coworkers.
So put that in the chat if you know that so we can add that to so we know because right now I'm not seeing that.
So we should get to this pre-record.
The interesting thing about the conversation with Dr. Dalglish, I think it was happening right as Larry Ellison was making his announcement about these mRNA AI
vaccines, I think they're calling them in tests.
So it was just interesting, the timing of this conversation.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, very exciting on how they're going to pull a rabbit out of the hat on that one.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
And then we're going to have causing harm.
We'll have Dr. Mac is after that live to talk about the, that effect.
So without further ado, let's go to the conversation and we'll, Steve and I will be back live after this interview.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
Too bad we can't have, no, go ahead.
I was going to say too bad we can't have Bernie Sanders on.
and we can ask him about the safety of vaccines, because he's an expert now.
He held a Senate hearing.

[SPEAKER_04]
We'll send him an invite and see if he'll come up.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, absolutely.

[SPEAKER_04]
All right, here we go.

[SPEAKER_03]
See you in 50 minutes.

[SPEAKER_04]
Welcome, Dr. Dauglish to VSRF Live.
How are you this evening?
Good, thank you.
Before I let you and Steve start your conversation, I'm going to go ahead and read your bio.
Dr. Angus Dalglish is an esteemed British oncologist and professor of oncology at St. George's University of London with decades of medical and research experience.
He is celebrated for his groundbreaking work in immunology and cancer therapy.
Dr. Dalglish has been a trailblazer in advancing the understanding of the immune system's role in combating cancer, with a particular focus in developing therapeutic vaccines for melanoma and other cancers.
In 1998, he co-founded Onivax, a company dedicated to creating innovative vaccines for solid tumors, where he continues to serve as research director.
A prolific contributor to medical literature, Dr. Dal Gliesch has authored or co-authored numerous peer-reviewed papers and multiple chapters in medical textbooks.
He serves on the editorial boards of eight prestigious journals and has significantly influenced research funding as a member of various grant committees, including the European Commission Cancer Board.
At St. George's, Dr. Dalglish specializes in melanoma, prostate, pancreatic, and glioma cancers, continuing to push the boundaries of cancer immunology and treatment.
In addition to his academic and clinical work, Dr. Dalglish is a vocal advocate for medical transparency and safety.
Recently, he has focused on raising awareness about potential adverse effects of COVID-19 vaccines, including their possible links to cancer progression.
So impressive.
It's an honor to have you here, sir.
And I am definitely looking forward to this conversation.
And I'll be back with some questions after your conversation with Steve.
Take it away, Steve.

[SPEAKER_03]
Okay.
Great to see you again, Dr. Douglas.
We met in the UK when we were both testifying when Andrew Bridgen was in Parliament, which he is unfortunately not anymore, but still continues to speak the truth.
Unfortunately, as much come of that, when we were in Parliament and we spoke and there were a bunch of people who said, yeah, we're sympathetic and we want to hear more.
Did they ever follow up with you?

[SPEAKER_02]
Not in Parliament, no.
It was mainly all Andrew.
And after you, I think we went back again.
We had another interaction.
And a lot of people expressed interest, but they never actively followed up.
Only Andrew did that.
There's probably two or three names I would mention.
Christopher Chope, who was the first person to actively back him.
And I think David Davis and Esther McVeigh.
But everybody else just was they were pushed away.
There's a chap called Andrew Mitchell there.
He was actively pushing people away.
He wanted to come into the room and hear us debate, saying nothing to hear.
These are all type of mad men.
It was really terrible.
And to me, it opened my eyes to see how democracy actually is subverted.
There's no such thing as proper democracy, and that's how they carry on.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right.
So you're maybe the world's expert on turbo cancer, if there is such a thing, such an expert.
You'd probably be on the short list of being an expert on turbo cancers.
Do you want to describe what turbo cancers are and talk about how often you saw them?
prior to the rollout of the COVID vaccines, including during COVID.
Did you ever see any turbo cancers during COVID?
And when did you start seeing them?
And how has the volume changed?
Has it gone up consistently since then?
I know you have a limited number of booking slots.
Do you only do like one day a week in clinic?
And then, you know, they could all be booked by, by turbo cancer.
So you have no way to actually know because your, uh, your capacity is capped, but if there is any way for you to quantify the problem when it first appeared and, um, and whether it's been going up, down or whatever, that'd be super helpful.

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, first of all, I wouldn't claim to be, uh, the expert on turbo cancers or even any more of an expert than many other people.
All I've done.
is recognize a change in presentation and in the way cancers relapsed.
First of all, my melanoma patients who've been on the very effective immunotherapy for 15, 18 years, then more recently, the ones that have had benefit from the checkpoints, et cetera, all been stable for a long, long time.
And what I noticed was that
These patients were starting to relapse.
Unusually, you get the odd one person relapse every now and then, and that's usually due to a period of something that induces severe stress and immune suppression.
You know, things like bereavement, debt, divorce, this sort of thing.
But I was always asking about how the patients were, and they were all very happy, very good.
There was nothing logical with the exception was I asked the question, please tell me your COVID vaccine history.
And I found that in the first six, I saw over about six weeks.
And these have been stable between five and 18 years.
So this is why it really struck me really straight.
Whereas they all had recent booster vaccines.
I had suggested they didn't need them and shouldn't have them because I'd already worked out that the immunotherapy boosters I was giving them was boosting the cell-mediated innate immune response.
And I didn't want this interfered with vaccines that induced antibodies.
It's the old cell-mediated
antibody response.
And what they told me really annoyed me that they were bullied into having these vaccines, these unnecessary boosters by their GPs who said they were at risk.
So the government guidance said they must have them.
And though they didn't want them, they'd had them.
And this is what I saw.
And then I noticed
that these cancers, these relapses, whereas I had a lot of patients that might have a relapse and just by re-instigating the type of immune therapy that we were giving them, we'd get it back under control and they would then be disease-free again.
But what we were noticing was it wasn't that simple because the cancers were more aggressive and they weren't responding.
To what they responded to before that this was the signal.
So I started to look around and then I mentioned this in a report that was to the BMJ.
It got picked up various media, what I would call internet media as opposed to mainstream media.
And I got contacted by people from all over the place said they were seeing the same thing and thanks for pointing it out.
And then it just got worse.
that we were starting to see cancers that were advanced and aggressive in people who had not had them before.
So these weren't relapses.
These were de novo new ones.
And then patient, I mean, people who I had actually stood up at several small meetings and said, you know, this is a real thing.
And I, I know
It's very important because I'm being told to be quiet about it and I'm frightening the patients.
I said, no, I'm trying to prevent the patients from having their cancers induced by the vaccine because I actually do believe it is.
And I had very strong scientific rationale.
First of all, having done years of vaccine research, there's a basically a simple law of vaccines.
If a vaccine needs more than two shots, it doesn't work.
So all these boosters were confirming to me they weren't working.
And certainly, if you look at all the research on coronavirus vaccines and many others, the actual booster, which should be the third
vaccine actually does the opposite of what the first two does.
It completely suppresses the T cell response, completely knocks it out and switches the antibody response from a protective to basically a tolerization one.
And, you know, no sooner had I been
pontificating this has to be the reason that we got some wonderful papers that came out.
I didn't even have to do much further work on it.
We had shown that there was T cell suppression, but there was a lovely paper came out and said that they saw T cell exhaustion.
I love the phrase T cell exhaustion in cancer patients given the third and fourth COVID vaccines.
And of course this perfectly fitted what was known.
about vaccines.
If you keep giving them, you will exhaust the immune system, the T cell first and the T cell responses are what we knew controlled the cancer.
And we've known that ever since there have been mechanisms of depleting T cell responses.
And of course, I knew it from HIV.
We'd seen it as soon as the T cell response went down.
Certainly any cancer driven by a virus popped out, which is why we saw the lymphomas and the cathesis and then the CA cervix, et cetera.
So this is where I was.
And other people then came out and said,
We have seen this, a surgeon contacted me.
He said, I've never seen anything like it.
He said, I specialize in GI surgery, mainly lower bowel.
And he said, I am seeing cancers appear at stage four.
where I would normally see them at stage one or two, cut them out and that's it.
He said, I'm going in to cut them out and they've already spread.
And he said, in addition, I'm seeing it in younger patients, much younger patients than normal.
And the one thing they all have in common is, as you pointed out, they've all had totally unnecessary booster vaccines.
Why were we giving young people COVID vaccines for a disease that never killed them?
This is what the world authorities, they all have to take ownership of this ludicrous idea of vaccinating the whole population.
For a disease which at its height killed 0.085% of the people infected and they were all 82 or over or severely immunocompromised with comorbidities.
I mean, why were they doing it?
I tried very hard to get them to stop.
And I was told I didn't know what I was talking about.
I mean, it was just unbelievable.
And I find the people who told me that knew even less than me, and they were just programmed.
They're just automatums passing down.
Well, if you go all the way to the top, it's all our chief medical officers.
The only one that was any good was Anders Tegnell from Sweden.
He was the only bright one amongst a lot of them.
and up to Anthony Fauci and then the WHO and Bill Gates' involvement.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, so in terms of incidents, are you seeing, do you think this is accelerating?
Do you think this is getting worse?

[SPEAKER_02]
Oh, of course it's getting.
Yeah, of course it's getting worse.

[SPEAKER_03]
So you're saying, collectively, people are seeing more and more and more of these cases as opposed to, well, it was a big hump after the third and fourth boosters.
And when people stopped getting the boosters, the problem went away.
Or is this thing like the wildfires in Los Angeles that they get started and that they're going to spread and spread and spread and things are going to get worse for a while?
Have we seen the worst of this?
Or do you think that this is
something that will continue to get worse.
And also, why doesn't this happen with other vaccines which are given periodically like the, of course, the flu shots, right?
People are getting their annual flu shots.
So why doesn't this T cell exhaustion happen with the flu vaccine and it does happen with the COVID vaccine or does it happen with the flu vaccine as well?

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, there's quite quite a lot there.
I mean, first of all, I'm going to address that, you know, that there have been previous cases of explosive turbo cancers, but they were very, very rare and they would be discussed.
Isn't this unusual before, you know, I can't think of.
very many of them that I saw are memorable before we had this flu vaccine, sorry, COVID vaccine associated.
Now the flu vaccine, the thing about the flu vaccine, I always regarded it as completely utterly useless, but it wasn't particularly harmful.
That was my take on it.
We know that it could be, but the side effects of the flu vaccine were pretty low, not enough to cause
A big problem.
However, I would say now say the flu vaccine is dangerous.
If you've had 3 covid shots or more, because it fires up the chronic inflammatory response, which results in the T cell.
Suppression, so I'd like to make that that clear.
I thought it was initially of not very much.
but I'd tell all my patients, don't have the flu vaccine.
I mean, the flu vaccines, when you look at it historically, the only people it benefits are the shareholders of the companies that make it.
I mean, the so-called protective efficacy is in the realms of three to eight percent.
As an oncologist, I wouldn't be using any drug anywhere near three to eight percent unless it was actually desperation.
And there's enough data in the literature to show that having a replete vitamin D3 level is far more effective than any flu vaccine.
So I put them all ignore them all there.
You are not going to get the T cell suppression with the repeated flu vaccine for the very simple fact it's annual.
So the issue with the COVID vaccine is that it was being given, you know, they were getting it three, four times a year.
That's why we got the big difference going on.
But as I said, those were two very good reasons.
Well, recently I've been at conferences and discussions with colleagues and looking at all the written data.
The real issue with the COVID vaccine boosters is not just the T cell response.
It's not just the fact.
that it converts the immune system to that of tolerization, i.e.
the same as you would deliberately try to induce if you've just done a kidney or a liver transplant.
You don't want it rejected, so you tolerize.
Well, the vaccine, Covid vaccine, is actually doing that for you, so you've got a perfect environment.
for the cancer to any control the cancer had that's still there is being lost.
But it's worse than that.
So you're saying it's like the fires in this North Angeles.
I think this is the burner.
I think this has just started because there's at least 10 mechanisms whereby messenger RNA and particularly encoding the COVID spike protein can induce or accelerate cancers.
And I mean,
They're all out there in separate papers.
You put the things together and say, even if just one of them was theoretically true, you should not be using this technology for virus diseases that are never going to kill you.
I mean, you put it that simply.
They're now pushing ahead with messenger RNA vaccines for every virus that might come along.
They're talking about norovirus and RSV in the UK.
The messenger RNA vaccine and the spike protein in particular, there's a generic issue with all messenger RNA vaccines and there's a more specific issue with the spike as well.
But the ones with the messenger RNA, they are enough to, I would say, ban it completely.
um i and here again i get the so-called self-elected great and good saying shut up i don't know what i'm talking about i'm a clinician i'm not there you know the usual stuff they haven't even looked at my background and tell me to be quiet um but i actually sat on the scientific board of cure back which calls itself the
Messenger RNA vaccine company.
I sat on that board for five years.
I knew the scientists and everybody very well.
I left over seven years ago.
And the chief scientific officer followed me.
And that we all believe that we couldn't get that through for cancer.
it never passed the threshold of being safety for using a cancer.
So how can you all of a sudden overnight use it for an emergency for a virus that was actually no worse than a big flu wave?
So this is where I'm coming from.
The problem is with the, if I could put it very simply and why messenger RNA vaccines I believe should never ever be allowed,
Only possible exception is actually what they were doing.
If you've got a bad cancer, can you switch it off with this technology?
But the problem is, we know you can switch it on with this technology very, very well.
And the main reason is that messenger RNA lasts 20 seconds in the body.
So it's never going to be useful as a vaccine.
So you have to stabilize it.
It is that very act of stabilizing it, one, which means you know
that it is the vaccine RNA that's associated with the cancer and not the virus, by the way, because of the very act of stabilizing you change the sequence, et cetera.
And by doing all that, it is incredible how contaminated all these batches are with DNA plasmids.
I mean, all the Pfizer ones that I'm aware of have got SV40 in them.
And they basically say, oh, it's not a promoter.
You need a T antigen.
I've looked at these arguments, which to me clearly means the people defending them don't know what they're talking about.
I don't care if it's an oncogene or a promoter.
I don't give a damn.
All I know is it can actually induce cancers.
So the very fact it is known and then people use it to induce cancers in mice to induce the cancer so they can test treatments on it.
I mean that's and it's in most of the Pfizer vials.
That should be enough.
Red flag, stop it.
Pull everything.
Why haven't they done it?
And I've been involved with the Australian government and the TGA.
They knew about all this, but they tried to cover it up.
And I believe the MHRA and everything's all the same.
And the more we go into this, they've accepted the FDA.
No, they've said it's good enough for the FDA, it's good enough for us.
Well, the FDA
said there's no need to do genotoxicity or carcinogenicity on this as an emergency vaccine use.
How far are we into this?
The vaccines are rolled out in 21.
It's now 25.
It's no longer an emergency.
Nobody dies of COVID.
And I don't believe it exists.
It mutates so fast.
It's gone.
Anything they say is COVID is another useless positive test in my book.
It's not proper COVID.
There's many more other viruses coming through.
So that's where we are.
And then you look at particular work that's being done with the spike protein messenger RNA vaccines, it binds to all the suppressant genes.
I mean, this is a potential nightmare.
P53, BRCA, MSH.
MSH is the one, if you get mutations in any one of those, it runs in your family, you get your normal cancer at 70 to 80, you'll get it at 30 to 40 or even earlier.
And the Lynch syndrome with the colorectal, to me, is terribly relevant because these are the cancers which are really coming to the fore.
They're just unprecedented numbers in unprecedentedly young people.
Put things in perspective, there's no one cause of anything, especially with the colorectal.
We have known that the instance colorectal has been increasing really significantly since 2013 at least.
Well, there was no COVID vaccines then, so there was something else going on.
Then it's almost certainly in process, food, diet, all sorts of other pollutants possibly.
But here we have with the
onset of giving people the covid vaccine we have an inflection in the instance it suddenly rockets up and there's no better people to confirm that than the surgeons dealing with it and indeed we have a surgeon here i really admire because he's come up and he's basically said it how he is um i'm a
quite lucky in a way because you know my career has run its course I can't have my career interfered with but these guys I admire because they've been bullied they've been told to shut up they're going to be sent forward on garden leave etc now if I could just say that something which I think was very important when I put this out I got contacted from a in order to
not reveal any identity.
I got contacted by this person from another continent and it ended up being would I like to help with a legal issue.
And when I looked at what the person had said, in my practice of many years, I am now seeing far more aggressive cancers in far younger people than I have ever seen before and the associations definitely with the vaccine.
And basically, they got lots of data.
They took it to the medical director and put it there and say, it's just getting out of control.
I can't keep up with the workload.
Guess what the medical director did?

[SPEAKER_03]
Wired him?

[SPEAKER_02]
No, called in the psychiatrist for an assessment and said they had to go off because they clearly had mental health issues and couldn't cope with the normal workload.
That was his mistake because that's how the legal people got involved and that's how I got involved.
So, you know, this is happening everywhere.
And one of the things that really staggered me here was that one of the cancers they were seeing a great increase in was cancer of the cervix.
Now, these patients all had the Gardasil or similar HPV vaccine.
So they are all meant to be protected from life by this wonderful HPV vaccine.
Yet they were getting aggressive, CIA.
So it's not ordinary, nice, gentle ones where you can treat it stage one, stage two.
They were getting very aggressive.
Again, they'd all had the booster vaccines due to the GP who looks up and says, oh, you've had cancer before.
You're at risk.
You must have these COVID vaccines.
So my interpretation of that was,
You allow the fact that the HPV vaccine had induced some kind of protection, which I'm starting to, I don't take anything at face value anymore, because unlike Fauci, I'm a scientist.
How good is this protection?
But I know full well why that protection is suddenly lost if you have a COVID booster vaccine, because that COVID vaccine has induced
that booster I'm talking about has induced a chronic inflammatory response and T cell suppression.
And then you suddenly get a so-called protected cancer takes off.
So it's interfering with the control.
If that vaccine is good as they say, and I've got plenty of colleagues who are now having doubts on the grounds that the vaccine may well just be driven
the subtypes into other oncogenic subtypes.
That's one of the discussions that's been put up.
But put all that aside, I think it's enough.
It was controlling it, just like my melanoma patients were controlled with the immunotherapy we gave them.
And that boost the vaccine was enough to cause this chronic inflammatory activation with concomitant T-cell suppression and the totally abnormal
antibody response leading to tolerance.

[SPEAKER_03]
So can you quantify the impact of this in terms of the number of people who will die from the COVID vaccine due to these aggressive cancers?
Is it one per thousand, one per 10,000 people who get the boosters?
One in a hundred.
What do you think the number is?

[SPEAKER_02]
You know, I haven't worked that out because I'm still dealing with the sudden realization that, you know, the forest is on fire.
It's going on.
And I think, you know, to put it is to give you a snapshot.
I don't do big clinics anymore, but I do talk to people who do.
But I never forget one day when I came back from Australia, I had six urgent people wanted to see me and I limit what I do and I tend to see only friends of friends and friends of patients.
And I saw six patients in one and it was exhausting.
They had all got explosive cancers.
That was the first thing.
They'd all seen the GP.
They'd all seen a surgeon.
Had tumors removed or at the very least biopsied.
They were all under medical oncologists with chemo immunotherapy treatment.
So that six patients, at least three doctors involved.
Not one of them had asked about the vaccine history.
I asked about the vaccine history and every single one they've had their third or fourth vaccine just before and it between three and nine weeks.
So it fits this pattern.
But this alarmed me because I had been
phoned up and told that I was an alarmist and this, that and the other.
And then by other doctors, consultants saying that they hadn't seen this and that it was clear that the vaccine was very safe and effective.
So if this was going on, so they were just trolling.
They weren't using their brains.
They were just saying what they'd been told.
Well, now I know why they're not seeing it because like these 18 doctors, they never asked.
And it's only when you ask, why are we seeing suddenly these patients with aggressive cancers young, previously very fit?
And the only thing they have in common, they've been given a COVID vaccine booster, often against their wishes, but bullied by the GP.
You know, you must have it, otherwise I won't treat you type of things.
Terrible, terrible things I've heard.
And the poor people, I know why, scientifically, now why they're in this position.
No, so I actually think the number of people is enormous today.
Or was it yesterday in the national newspaper?
They said the number of cancer cases in the UK has gone up through the roof.
It's now in the millions as opposed in the hundreds of thousands.
And guess how they explain this.
Aging population, of course, but the fact that it's going through the roof.
is in young people is kind of dismissed.
Well, they've got bad lifestyles.
The idea that something has been... No, no, they're aging too.

[SPEAKER_03]
Those young people are aging too.

[SPEAKER_02]
Everything was discussed except the vaccine.
Now, what is fascinating in those papers?
Well, they put these things online and allow comments.
It is absolutely staggering.
They do come in and said, oh,
Someone writes, oh well, at this stage then, oh, nothing to do with the vaccine then.
And they said, we know the association with the vaccine hasn't actually been considered when it's bloody off.
I mean, all the people out there can see it.
All the mainstream media and the experts, the government and all their stupid scientific advisors either don't see it or they're
that they're being told not to, or I think we are witnessing the biggest cognitive dissonance, uh, exercise is it probably in humanity that's going away.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, when you, when you talk to your colleagues about that, um, aren't you seeing like, aren't you seeing that most of them are completely blind to this?
And so that it's, it's either cognitive dissonance or they're, they're just not paying attention and they're believing the, uh, the narrative that they don't even question.

[SPEAKER_02]
And I regard those 18 doctors who saw those patients who didn't ask about the Casavaccine as basically operating incompetently.
Because I mean, a doctor's duty is to, when they get a diagnosis, is to try and find out the cause to see if they can do something about it.
I mean, and this cognitive dissonance has been going on a long, long time.
Uh, I mean, I remember, I remember when it was obvious to anybody in a hospital that smoking caused lung cancer, it was still being denied.
I remember an MRC report for what?

[SPEAKER_03]
Like 40 years.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
I mean, it was only when it was, when it was so obvious, um, that they all accepted it and it became gospel.
So they go from one extreme to another overnight.
One of the biggest ones that taught me a lot was the link between asbestos and mesothelioma.
The MRC in England, who finally had the figures that proved that smoking and lung cancer was causal, they came out and said asbestos and mesothelioma wasn't causal after a 20 year study.
But shortly after they degree, there was no link.
Then there was a link over the next few years.
What it showed was it took at least 30 years before the association.
So just because you don't have a really straightforward observation, like you kick a ball and it moves, it doesn't mean to say it's not a potential causal observation.
And we're all very aware of lots of links which are associative or spurious, they're not actually causative.
But here I believe that any doctor, when they're aware of this, realizes this is causative because they're the ones, look at the number of them who signed the HOPE Accord.
The first thing is there was thousands, but not nearly as many people who should have.
actually suggesting that there is a cognitive dissonance.
One of my very good friends has been friends for decades.
I couldn't believe how he just refused to believe that these vaccines could be associated with cancer.
He said on the ground, unbelievable blind faith, a very senior consultant in oncology.
He said otherwise they would have stopped them.
They would have pulled them down.
Of course.

[SPEAKER_03]
There you go.
And I was just looking up smoking and lung cancer.
The first observations of the connection were in 1914, and it was in 1956, I think, the year I was born.
Let's see.
Oh, no, no, sorry.
1964.
So it took basically
Over 50 years, 5-0 between the observation of the link and acceptance by the medical community of the link, 50 years.

[SPEAKER_02]
And who was driving this?
It was the cigarette companies who drove that there was no link with all the equivalent of what we see today.
Big pharma interference, a high government level, medical levels.
I remember being shown that there were adverts in the BMJ for cigarettes that cured your asthma.
This is how infiltrated the medical community is.

[SPEAKER_03]
We have a cure.
That's awesome.
So have you been able to convince any of your colleagues
Like the, any of the doctors that referred you to these patients, did you go back to them and say, Hey, I think you forgot to ask about their COVID vaccine history.
And did you know that in all these cases, they all had a recent booster.
Do you think there might be a connection?
Do you ever go back to those doctors and see if you can, you know, kind of like tweak their thinking?

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, I do, but the first thing that comes in is this massive iron curtain of cognitive dissonance.
They don't want to consider it.
And when they do, and it's again, that's what they've fallen back on.
Well, if this was true, they wouldn't be pushing them.
And, you know, one of these, I don't know whether it was the one I was with you at the when we were at the Parliament and the talking to various people.
And I said, you know, I just can't believe that here we are hearing all the.
the dangers downside of these vaccines, which they, you know, the, the cancer was, was new then.
And it was, it could be pushed aside to speculation, but you could not push aside the clots, the heart attacks, the strokes, which are particularly bad and young people.
And yet they were still pushing it.
And I remember asking one senior guy there, I just knew he was very senior, but I didn't think he was an MP.
And I asked him,
I said, you know, why is the government still pushing these vaccines for a disease that no longer kills anybody?
And it clearly is causing lots of side effects catastrophic in young people.
And do you know what he said?
He said, well, I think the government ordered and bought so many of them.
They thought they might as well use them up.
I mean, can you believe anything so crass?
I mentioned it to a few other people.

[SPEAKER_03]
That's probably true, though.

[SPEAKER_02]
It's probably true.
That's exactly what he said.
I mean, it's the equivalent of being at war with everybody manned with AK-47s and lots and lots of bullets.
So, well, we've ended the war, but we might as well shoot everybody because otherwise we won't use the bullets up.
It's crazy.

[SPEAKER_03]
So I wanted to let you know about there was this wonderful study was done in the UK and it was done on the flu vaccine.
And I'll bet you're not aware of that because they probably don't talk about it.
It sounds like you're not because you probably would have mentioned it if you were.
But
I wrote about this in my my pre-print and that's on on pre-prints dot I guess it's pre-prints dot org or pre-prints dot com.

[SPEAKER_02]
But if you look at my name you're ringing little bells carry on.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, okay, so there was a study that was done in the UK, and they looked at, I think it was like 10 million people, it was over like 10 years.
And what they realized is that people, when they turned 65, like 20% of them got flu shots, because I think there's some sort of NHS benefit, or there's some NHS requirement that when you turn 65, you get a flu shot.
And so there's this big discontinuity.
With 64, you have a level of flu shots.
And then at 65, it goes up.
It steps up.
And so there's this step discontinuity at age 65.
And so these researchers went to see that during flu season, if there was a differential in the number of deaths of 64-year-olds versus 65-year-olds,
So they were only they didn't look at infection.
They didn't look at hospitalization.
They simply looked at deaths in the flu season of 64 versus 65 year olds.
There was no discontinuity.
Are you surprised?

[SPEAKER_02]
No, not at all, because as I as I alluded, I think I had seen something along those lines that you may have written, because I read your your things, but the I was already well
set in the fact that the flu vaccines, there was no evidence that they were effective.
It was all contrived.

[SPEAKER_03]
That's absolutely correct, because if it was effective, it would be effective in that group.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
Yeah.
But I mean, that's, that's why I said the only people they're effective for is the shareholders of the companies that make them are the only people who benefit.
And yet they're given their government policy, as you say, 65, I get bullied all the time to go and have my flu and COVID shots.
I mean, they say you still haven't come for them yet.
They do it all in text these days.
So I try to reply, but they're all no reply texts and they never get any feedback.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
Unfortunately, I've had the same problem.
I've covered just about everything I wanted to ask.
So it looks like Livio has popped on.

[SPEAKER_04]
And I have a question to start for Angus.
Is there any use or positive use for mRNA technology going forward?
Is there any reason to even continue to explore this technology?

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, that's a very, very good question because what we ever see, I was saying, no, no, no.
As I said, when I was on the scientific board for CureVac, we were looking because I had so much experience in cancer vaccines of exploiting it as very targeted cancer vaccines.
And as I said, they couldn't get it, couldn't get it through the
the very minor hurdles for cancer, which is a surprise to me how they managed to get it through for infectious disease.
But we know how that went.
That was all bullying, altering the terms, calling messenger RNA vaccine when it's a gene therapy.
You should never use gene therapy on anything that's not a terminal cancer in my field.
And the idea that these messenger RNA can integrate, they might get it so it doesn't integrate most of the time, but the fact it can integrate means it's unjustifiable to use it on young people, especially children.
What are they thinking of using messenger RNA that can go into your nucleus and actually get incorporated?
And we know that one of the many mechanisms of cancer
that have elucidated both messenger RNA and the spike etc.
We know it's caused by that because there's several cases where they've resected the tumour and it is the messenger RNA from the vaccine that's in the tumour driving it.
Now just one or two cases is enough to ban it but it goes on and on and on.
What about the red flag?
What about the canaries?
I mean, there are millions of canaries dead out there, and every tree has been replaced with, leaves have been replaced with red flags.
But still, the regulatory people do nothing.
And it's just, it is beyond belief, and they have to be held unaccountable because they're in kind of like a mass psychosis, nothing to see here syndrome, when everybody else can see it apart from them.
So my thing would be ban all messenger RNA vaccines for everything, even for cancer.
I think that the years I spent studying cancer vaccines, I came to a very remarkable, straightforward conclusion that they're not particularly good when targeted at tumor antigens for the simple fact that the tumor antigens, when attacked, just down regulate them.
So you end up tumor without the tumor antigens that carries on as before, a bit like, you know, with drugs and drug resistance, et cetera.
But what the immune system really needs is the innate immune system boosting.
And that's exactly the same for cancer and unknown viruses.
And that's the first line of defense of T cells, the natural killer, the gamma delta T cells.
These are the ones which are low.
When you're 55 or so, these cells take a big,
run down the slope and they're virtually not existent when you're 75 and this slope is mirror image by the rate of cancer incidents.
I mean so this is a very good example from that you can't say it's causal.
but you can say it's associative.
So as a scientist, you can say, if I could reverse this innate immune system crash with something that boosts it, would that have an impact on the cancer instance and survival?
And that's what I believe that we have done.
And I think that using agents that do that's a hundred times more effective than the so-called cancer vaccines.
And the messenger RNA technology is just trying to boost the cancer vaccines.
It will not boost the innate immune response.
So I personally, as an oncologist running a big research center, I wouldn't be interested in looking at these vaccines over the other things that we now have.
So as I said, I'm on record.
I've banned them all because I just, I don't think that we've been going, this has been two decades, big companies have been doing messenger RNA work.
And they still haven't got over the safety of stabilization and how to mass produce them without having lots of inserts and using very dodgy vehicles like LNPs and all sorts of things like that, nanoparticles.

[SPEAKER_04]
Meanwhile, I keep reading that they're approving these mRNA cancer treatments.
What will happen if someone got turbo cancer because of this mRNA vaccine and then they're given more mRNA to treat this?
Like it just, do they just die suddenly again, like right there?
What happens if people start using these mRNA cancer treatments?

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, I think they will.
And it's very interesting.
You mentioned turbo vaccines.
I mean, turbo cancers with treatment, you know, we already have that.
And this is something that we have balanced, and we have ignored it again.
But fortunately, it's quite rare.
But in all the trials of the new checkpoint inhibitors, these immunotherapies, the Key Truders, the Optivos, all the ones that people have probably heard of, are very good across a broad range of cancers now.
If you look at the trial results, you'll find that a small percentage, about 5%, when they receive this, what is curative treatment in about 40% of them, about 5% of them develop turbo cancers.
I mean, the cancer just takes off, just like it's been lit and fire.
And I was discussing that with colleagues.
We don't understand that.
We really don't understand it.
But the overall benefit is so enormous that everybody kind of lives with it.
But with the messenger RNA technology, we would never be able to cope with that scenario because there's no great evidence that the messenger RNA technology works in my mind.
And of course, going back to COVID, you know, we now know, and the great work that Robert Kennedy did in his book, On Earth, how all the trials were manipulated, how all the side effects were buried.
I mean, the thing that and it was one of the well known here, Paul Murray.
goes through that VAERS data and shows when the FDA approved the Pfizer vaccine, there were 42,000 plus serious adverse events in that trial, 1,200 plus deaths.
And the agency approved it with no hint of irony that on its website it says, if a vaccine or drug is associated with 50 or more deaths, we will pull it immediately.
They were approving something that killed 1200 people even within their own guidelines.

[SPEAKER_04]
Astonishing, astonishing.
Well, Dr. Dalglish, thank you so much for your generous time and your expertise and all of the information.
It's been such a joy and humbling experience having you on VSRF Live tonight.

[SPEAKER_02]
Thank you very much for having me and it's great to
See and chat with you again, see like we did when you were over in London and we tried to persuade our parliamentarians, you know, to see some sense.
And it is, it was a very good insight and just what a big way, big mountain we have to climb here.
But I do think Trump is the best thing that's ever happened.
To the whole of the medical health in the Western world.
I'll go that far because that stroke he said I'm not having anything to do with the WHO, which I've always thought is one of the most corrupt useless self serving organizations in the world has probably done more harm for global health than any other organization.
Ironically.
because it's been directed by Bill Gates and China, and it's certainly not doing what it was set up to do.
So I think it's fantastic he's just ripped it up, and the climate change thing, all these things that we know and have been big cognitive dissonance scams that everyone's been launching.
They're just going to have to wait, but Trump's the man to do it, because he just said, not having that.
And if Robert Kennedy's there, he's going to do that, too.
He's going to challenge the vaccine straight away.
And I support him.
And I think, James, actually, Shara, all these are going to support.
That's our best hope of getting a stop to these vaccines quickly.
I really do.

[SPEAKER_04]
It does appear that way.
It seems like that's the chance we have.
And the next 100 days will be critical.
But I applaud exiting the who, and I'm waiting to see how they're going to fight that going forward.
Yeah.
Any more thoughts, Steve, before we head on to our next guest?

[SPEAKER_03]
No.
Great.
We covered it all.
The RFK thing was the last thing that I wanted to ask, so I'm glad we covered that.

[SPEAKER_04]
Great.
Well, thank you so much, Dr. Daghlish.
We'll see you hopefully again at another episode later in 2025.
Okay.
Thank you very much for having me.
Thank you.
Bye.
We're back.
Steve, what a wonderful guest he is.
He's such a great, honorable man.
I'm just kind of dumbfounded that Bernie Sanders did not invite Dr. Dalglish to that Senate hearing today, or our next guest, Dr. Maccas.
What were they thinking?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, I think it was just an oversight.
Perhaps being in the UK, it was a little bit inconvenient in order to get to the hearing, which appears to have been called in short notice.
So maybe that was it.
And it's a shame that he didn't invite anyone who disagrees with the narrative to that hearing, because we certainly didn't hear
anything about, gosh, why isn't there a study comparing the fully unvaccinated and fully vaccinated kids so that we can prove to the world just how effective these vaccines are?

[SPEAKER_04]
We all know the answer to that one.
Not one contrarian was invited.

[SPEAKER_03]
They didn't want to touch that.
You notice they didn't touch that topic with a 10-foot pole.

[SPEAKER_04]
No.
Well, let's bring on our next guest.
I'm very excited to continue tonight's conversation with Dr. William Mackus.
Welcome to VSRF Live, sir.
Thank you very much for having me.
Thank you for being here.
I'm going to read your bio for those of our audience members that do not know who you are.
We've had you on before, but here we go.
Dr. Maccas is a highly respected physician based in Edmonton, Alberta.
He obtained his immunology degree at the University of Toronto, where he was a top scholarship recipient and graduated from McGill University School of Medicine in 2005.
Dr. Maccas completed specialty training in nuclear medicine, radiology, and oncology.
With internationally renowned expertise in cutting edge cancer treatments, Dr. Maccas has dedicated much of his career to providing advanced care
for end-stage cancer patients.
He ran one of the largest targeted radionuclide therapy cancer clinics in North America and has diagnosed over 10,000 patients using state-of-the-art diagnostic tools such as PET-CT. Dr. Maccas is also an accomplished cancer researcher
With over 100 peer-reviewed publications and prestigious international medical journals, as a bestselling author on Substack, he discusses important issues related to medical ethics and the health care system.
A passionate advocate for patient rights, Dr. Mackes has spent years fighting corruption within Canada's health care system,
and is committed to transforming it by restoring trust, honesty, and medical ethics.
He tirelessly advocates for patients and families armed by the system.
And I can't think of a better person to have on to discuss Larry Ellison's promise to treat cancer in advance with this fantastic mRNA AI technology.
So I'll be back for Q&A.
We want to remind the audience
Maccas will stay on for Q&A, so put your questions in the chat, all caps, and I'll answer as many as possible.
Take it away, Steve.

[SPEAKER_03]
So what did you think of Dr. Ellison's suggestion to use mRNA for cancer?

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, I was completely dumbfounded.
I mean, my jaw dropped when I saw that clip, you know, considering that we have more and more evidence coming out every single day about the cancers that are being caused by the covid-19 vaccines, the aggressive nature of them.
There's there's now over a dozen case reports published in the peer reviewed literature.
There are maybe two or three dozen papers looking at
potential mechanisms, and Professor Daigle actually spoke about some of those potential mechanisms, whether it's the spike protein interacting with the tumor suppressor genes like P53 and BRCA1, whether it's the IgG4 antibody shift that we see from repeated vaccination.
once people have had at least two or three vaccines, once they get the booster shot, you get this surge in IgG4 production, which actually is a tolerance antibody that will tolerate the spike protein, but it'll also tolerate cancer.
And so just to see them go right back to the same technology and pretend like there's been no problems with it at all, I was just dumbfounded.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, they didn't provide any justification, right?
There's no science behind it that this is a good thing.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, you know what?
He actually was very short on details, and I think that was on purpose.
He basically told us, and I think it was a one or two minute excerpt, that the promise of AI is that they will be able to take your tumor and look at it.
The AI will analyze it, and the AI will generate this beautiful mRNA vaccine that will be available to a person within 48 hours.
You know, that sounds wonderful.
I mean, that sounds like science fiction coming true.
But when you look at the science behind the mRNA cancer vaccine, it's actually an absolute nightmare of a process.
And I can actually describe it to you if you want, because I've looked at this in detail.
There are phase three trials right now in the UK and Australia that are being conducted by Moderna in partnership with Merck.
And Moderna and Merck have a 50-50 partnership in developing the first mRNA cancer vaccine.
The first one's going to be in melanoma.
It's in phase three trials.
It's mRNA 4157.
And really the technology, you know, it's a little different than the COVID-19 vaccines.
and what they do is they'll take a sample of your tumor, they'll take a biopsy of your tumor, and then they'll run it through an AI analysis.
Now, this is what Larry Ellison was talking about, that the AI will analyze your tumor, come up with a whole bunch of antigens on the tumor that they will select, create the mRNA of those antigens, and then
You know that that gets a reinjected back into you this mRNA gets then reinjected back to you so that it'll stimulate your immune system to attack the cancer and so on.
Now what he didn't say is that every single trial.
that is being conducted right now with this mRNA cancer vaccine technology, they're combining it with Keytruda.
They're combining it with other more traditional cancer treatments.
And, you know, I was looking at actually the the mRNA 4157 trial.
It's nine injections of the mRNA vaccine, 18 injections of Keytruda, and you get a survival benefit of maybe 10 to 20 percent if you trust
If you fully trust Moderna and the way they conduct their clinical trials, then you get a survival of benefit of maybe 10%, 10 to 20% after these series of 18 plus nine injections.
And of course, the entire process costs half a million dollars.
So I actually am of the opinion that the mRNA cancer vaccine doesn't actually work.
They're not doing a trial comparison of the mRNA vaccine versus Keytruda.
They're doing mRNA vaccine plus Keytruda versus Keytruda.
So you actually don't get any trial of the mRNA vaccine by itself.
Does it work or doesn't it work?
And from all the preliminary data that I've seen so far, I'm not impressed.
It doesn't look like it works.

[SPEAKER_03]
And so is there a differential between the combo versus Keytruda alone?

[SPEAKER_05]
Like I said, there's a sort of a 10 to 20% improvement in what they call progression-free survival over three years.
And so you could say, well, you know, that's a good thing.
There's a little bit of improvement in survival, but to call this revolutionary or to call this, you know, the promise of AI and to be pouring $500 billion into this, I mean, it's absolutely ludicrous.
And that's ignoring all the side effects.
Now let's go to the side effects, right?
Because I looked at the side effects in this phase three clinical trial with this mRNA 4157 cancer vaccine.
Well, grade three and higher side effects, adverse events, which are severe adverse events, were seen in 25% of patients.
And immune adverse events were seen in 36% of patients.
That's a large number of patients who are having very severe

[SPEAKER_03]
Sounds perfectly safe to me if I was working for the FDA or the CDC.

[SPEAKER_05]
Exactly.

[SPEAKER_03]
It's not 100%.
See, it's only a limited number of people.

[SPEAKER_05]
Exactly.

[SPEAKER_03]
It's mostly safe and effective, right?
Yeah, 60%.

[SPEAKER_05]
Honestly, it's a fraud.
It's a fraud.
This technology is a fraud.

[SPEAKER_03]
And they're going to spend how many billions of dollars, $500 billion?
That's insane.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, that is apparently what they've promised to allocate to this project.
Now, I don't know.
Obviously, there's more to it than the AI looking at cancer vaccines.
Maybe there's other AI projects attached to that.
But I mean, it's a ridiculous number.
And honestly, it was a ridiculous press conference.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, I mean, you know, if this had been, oh, we've tried this in a thousand patients now and we got a hundred percent cure, cancer cures in every kind of cancer for the thousand patients that we tried it on, a thousand different cancer types, all cured with this technology.
Then I could see maybe, you know, assuming that there are no side effects,
Exactly.

[SPEAKER_05]
And honestly, they're only trying it on a couple of cancers.
They've got phase three trials on melanoma and non-small cell lung cancer.
They've got phase two trials on renal cell and urothelial.
They had to stop, I think, the trials for colorectal because it didn't work, I think, at all.
So they're looking at only a couple of cancers, and in none of them is the mRNA technology a standalone treatment.
Now, if this is the promise of AI that we're going to, and of course, none of them, there's no cures reported in any of these trials.
We have progression-free survival benefit, but there's no cures here.
So again,
If this technology was so promising, why not try it as a standalone?
Put it up against the best cancer treatments that we have.
And Dr. Daiglish, you know, earlier talked about these immune checkpoint inhibitors, you know, which are, you know, really good immunotherapy drugs that have been developed recently, you know, approved for 20 different cancers, works for some patients, doesn't work for others.
But put it up against the best cancer treatments that we have.
Put it up against the best chemo, the best immunotherapy, and let's see how good this mRNA cancer vaccine is on its own.
Don't combine it with other treatments and then give us 10% benefit and then say you're going to pour $500 billion into this technology.
I mean, it's just absolute nonsense.

[SPEAKER_03]
So tell us what's going on in Canada in general.
We had a brief conversation before the call and Angela was trying to find a doctor who treated people for vaccine injuries in Canada.
There is no such doctor, right?

[SPEAKER_05]
There is no such doctor.
In fact, while I'll tell you what the first line treatment for vaccine injuries is in Canada in sort of sort of the mainstream treatment, and that is to be offered made medical assistance in dying.
And, you know, I mean, this is this is.
You will see these stories coming out of Canada.
A young woman, a young mother in Ontario who was paralyzed by the booster shot that she was forced to take, pressured to take by her employer.
And she now this is she's paralyzed by the third Moderna booster shot.
She's in a wheelchair and she tries to get treatment for her vaccine injury.
She tries to go see, you know, neurologists and she.

[SPEAKER_03]
The third booster.
So she's had the primary series and one booster.

[SPEAKER_05]
No, that was her third child.

[SPEAKER_03]
Oh, OK. Yeah.

[SPEAKER_05]
Just one booster.

[SPEAKER_03]
And did she have did she have any problems with the first two shots?

[SPEAKER_05]
Had no problems with the first two shots.
I was paralyzed by the first booster shot.

[SPEAKER_03]
How long after the first booster shot did she?

[SPEAKER_05]
I don't know exactly, but I think it was fairly soon after the booster shot that she started having neurological symptoms and developed paralysis.
And all she has been offered by the Canadian health care system is medical assistance and dying.
She's been offered euthanasia two or three times now.
And that's all the care that she has been offered.
She has been offered no investigations, no testing.
And this is what we talked about before the show that there is no testing being conducted for vaccine injury in Canada.
There's no evaluation of spike protein levels in the blood or spike antibodies or any kind of
investigation into the immune system, how the immune system has been affected, nothing.
There's no investigation available if you've been vaccine injured.
You cannot find a doctor who's going to take you seriously.
I think most patients are gas-lit and they're told that they might have psychiatric issues or they might have unknown neurological issues if it's a neurological complication, for example.
And that's it.
It's just there is nothing.
There's there's no movement and no help available for for vaccine injured patients in Canada.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right.
So if you were so basically the covid vaccine doesn't injure people in Canada.
It just causes them to have mental problems that cause them to believe that they're injured, but they're not really injured.
It's just a delusional thing that
is associated with the COVID vaccine, but not caused by the COVID vaccine, because we know it's perfectly safe, because I've seen the FDA reports showing there are no safety signals anywhere for these vaccines.
There's quite a stunning report.
Did you see that?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yes, and I'll tell you how bad it is.
I mean, you know, you guys have the VAERS system in the United States, which actually shows a significant number of deaths associated with the vaccines.

[SPEAKER_03]
The VAERS system is awesome.
It's only awesome in relationship to every other vaccine adverse event reporting system, which is worse.
Like I was trying to search the Yudra system and I was talking to Albert Benavides and he was saying that you actually can't do that.
And I said, really?
And I said, oh, how about the yellow card system?
He said, no, no, you can't search that one either.
So it's like.
For some reason, they have these vaccine surveillance systems that they make it impossible for people to to search.
Am I wrong?
Have you ever tried searching the UDRA system?

[SPEAKER_05]
You know, I've I've I've searched the UDRA system for for some some of the injuries.
I don't know how to search for deaths in the UDRA system.
I haven't seen any way to do that.

[SPEAKER_03]
I don't even know how to search for deaths.
Maybe I'm at the wrong page.

[SPEAKER_05]
Or sorry, for symptoms, sorry.
But let me tell you what.
To this day, Health Canada claims that there have been zero deaths associated with the mRNA vaccines in Canada.

[SPEAKER_03]
Wow, that's reassuring.
So if you want to get a...
So everybody on this call, if you really want to get the COVID vaccine, then you should go to Canada and get it because you can't die or in fact be injured.
by the COVID vaccine if you get it in Canada, right?

[SPEAKER_05]
I believe there's a few hundred deaths that are still under investigation, but zero deaths admitted to by Health Canada.
I think there were maybe six deaths admitted with the AstraZeneca vaccine that is now off the market.
But it's unbelievable the degree to which they will go to
to just deny any link, any injuries in this reporting system.

[SPEAKER_03]
So how do they explain, like in the VAERS system, you can see it's like a flat line in terms of deaths, and then the COVID vaccines roll out, and then the bar jumps by a factor of 40.
from the 500 deaths a year from all vaccines combined, 500 deaths a year.
They're all at the COVID shot and it's like 20,000 deaths in that one year.
It's like a switch turns on.
How do they explain that?

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, Health Canada doesn't have that spike.

[SPEAKER_03]
That's why I said that they know because you can't report your you're going to be here.
Your medical license would be taken away if you reported to the Health Canada vaccine adverse event reporting system because they would be saying your misinformation spreader.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, Dr. Charles Hoff, who initially reported the blood clotting with the vaccines and reported it to the Minister of Health and Public Health Chief in British Columbia, he's being persecuted now, I think, for four years.
He's still fighting with lawyers.
He's still fighting.
I think his medical license is suspended.
Of course.
Doctors are still being, we're still being hunted.
We're still being hunted in Canada for suggesting that there may be any injuries associated with the COVID-19 vaccines.

[SPEAKER_03]
So you're in the sites of those guns that are aiming at people, right?
Have they taken away your license?
What's your current situation?

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, I'm being threatened with imprisonment.

[SPEAKER_03]
Not just taking away your license, but I'm surprised they're not threatening to shoot you at dawn with a firing squad.
Why wouldn't they do that?
Why stop at imprisonment?

[SPEAKER_05]
I can tell you I've been dragged into court.
I've been put in front of Justin Trudeau appointed lawyers.
They've hit me with all kinds of penalties.
They're extorting my family with I think with over $100,000 in penalties and most recently I was threatened with 83 days of imprisonment if I don't pay these penalties and they say part of it is for speaking out
on Twitter, they even have the clips of the various podcasts that I did and the things that bothered them that I speak about.

[SPEAKER_03]
And that's illegal in Canada?
Speech is illegal in Canada, it's controlled by the government?

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, I can tell you the colleges of physicians and surgeons, which are our medical boards, have effectively outlawed informed consent.
You are not allowed to inform your patients of the dangers of these products, whether it's the Pfizer vaccine, the Moderna vaccine, you know, the other vaccines, even the flu shots, whatever it may be, the HPV vaccine, Gardasil, you are not allowed to inform your patients of any risks.
Now this is
Parents imagine the parents are with a doctor that the doctors not allowed to tell them.
Hey this this could paralyze your child that this could give your child blood clots.
This could give your child a cardiac arrest.

[SPEAKER_03]
So can the parents then sue you because you didn't warn them.

[SPEAKER_05]
They can.
So the parents can sue the doctor.
Now they I don't think well, they certainly can't sue the manufacturer of the vaccine.

[SPEAKER_03]
Of course not.
That would that would that would be crazy to be able to sue the manufacturer for safe and effective vaccines.
But it seems interesting that you're not allowed to tell you're not allowed to warn them and then they can sue you for not warning them.
And so you're
Your defense is, Your Honor, I'm legally not allowed to inform them.
So who wins in that case?

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, none of these none of these cases have really made it very far in court in Canada.
We have, you know, courts that are packed with, you know, Justin Trudeau and Liberal Party appointed judges who are very left leaning.
Something like over 90 percent of them are
essentially left wing activists.
And so you have the case of, for example, Dan Hartman, whose son, 17 year old son, Sean Hartman, hockey player, took one Pfizer vaccine and was found dead in his room by his parents a month later.
And, you know, they they do the autopsy and they say, well, inconclusive autopsy is inconclusive.
Right.
Then that applies for vaccine compensation.
He gets denied.
Then he sends the pathology slides to Ryan Cole in the United States and Ryan Cole finds the spike protein all over the adrenal glands.
And so, you know, it's clear that there is a link with spike protein damage in the adrenal glands, blood pressure problems and so on and heart problems that the boy suffered.
And so Dan Hartman has filed a 30, I think, 35 million dollar lawsuit.
in Ontario against the government, public health authorities, and so on.
But they'll drag this out.
They'll drag these proceedings out for years and years and years before you ever get in front of a judge, if you ever get in front of a judge.
And this other case that I told you about, this young woman in Ontario who was paralyzed by the booster shot, I believe she has filed a lawsuit as well.
But I don't think these lawsuits are ever going to see the time of day.

[SPEAKER_03]
Or they're doing it at the same time in court.
Just because they'll just keep getting delayed, delayed, delayed.
Exactly.

[SPEAKER_05]
And we have we have a class action lawsuit here in Alberta.
Kerry Sakamoto, who was another young woman whose face was paralyzed by the vaccines, she actually managed to launch a class action lawsuit.
And Alberta Premier Daniel Smith's government is putting pressure on her and the lawyers, the government lawyers are trying to get her class action lawsuit dismissed.
So even
even the conservative governments in Canada, like the government of Premier Daniel Smith, are going after the vaccine injured.
They're trying to shut them up.
They're trying to silence them.
They're trying to get their lawsuits thrown out of court.
So if you're vaccine injured in Canada, leave Canada, because you are not going to get any help.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, and the unfortunate thing is that when any lawmaker
is if they're injured by the vaccine, they'll just write it off as, well, that was just a coincidence.
And if they're killed by the vaccine, then they can't say, OK, I was wrong.
Let me do something about it because they're dead.
And so how do we turn this around?
How does this situation in Canada get corrected?
It probably doesn't get corrected inside Canada.
It probably gets corrected because RFK Jr. gets put in front as the new head of HHS and the documents showing safety signals and people start, people are then allowed to start to speak the truth in the United States, which would be,
big shift from the status quo, and that will cause major problems in Canada.
I mean, so what do you think will happen if the CDC said, you know, we were wrong?
They totally missed all these safety signals.
We're halting the COVID vaccines in the US.
What do you think they'll do in Canada?

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, I can tell you that's going to have a dramatic impact on Canada, on Australia, on the UK.
We are all looking towards the United States as sort of our last hope, really, in getting these shots, getting these shots halted and getting them banned, getting the mRNA technology, the platform banned potentially because just of how dangerous it is.
We're all looking towards the United States.
It's not going to happen within Canada.
Even in Australia, Dr. William Bay had a victory.
uh... where he managed to get his medical license back after speaking out about the vaccines you have to go all the way to the i think that the to the supreme court they're not well we don't even have such victories in in canada so we're we are really placing all our hope on the united states that's where it has to happen you know used to be that

[SPEAKER_03]
People in the United States would be so fed up with the politicians and a political system in the United States that they were going to go move to Canada.
Is it, are things happening the other way that people in Canada are so fed up with the political system there that they're trying to get into the United States?

[SPEAKER_05]
Absolutely.
Well, look at Jordan Peterson.
Dr. Jordan Peterson has left Canada.
He now lives in Arizona.
And he was persecuted.
He was persecuted by his medical board.
Uh, he didn't receive any assistance from the conservative government in Ontario and he was, he saw no future.
He saw no future, uh, in Canada professionally.
And so, you know, he's left professor Gatt sad, I believe is leaving Canada as well.
A lot of people are, are leaving Canada and, and, and, you know, I've, I've been in, you know, invited to leave Canada as well and come to the United States and set up shop in the United States.
Uh, it just, why don't you do that?
I may, I may.
I'm still seeing what's going to happen.
I'm waiting.

[SPEAKER_03]
I mean, California is so welcoming to physicians such as yourself.
You'll be able to not speak at all about what the truth is if you come to California.
You won't be able to ride a vaccine exemption without having your license taken away.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, I might feel right at home, just like in Canada.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, you'd feel right at home.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, no, but honestly, we are really looking to the United States with hope because if, you know, if RFK is able to, you know, get in, put in some good people and really shine a spotlight on this technology and all the problems like the autoimmune diseases, the neurological disease and the turbo cancer, which, you know, I've been sounding the alarm on the turbo cancer for over two years now.
these extremely aggressive cancers.
I think if that gets into the mainstream, it's going to set off a domino reaction in other countries as well.
And I think people in other countries, in Canada, Australia, UK, are going to put so much pressure on their politicians and on the public health authorities that I think it'll just force change.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yes, so we have six days.
RFK's hearing is at 10 a.m. East Coast time on Wednesday, so the 29th.
And I hear that the, I have a friend who works at HHS.
And he told me, and he's very high up, he says, at HHS, they're spending 80% of their time making sure that RFK isn't confirmed as the head of HHS.
And they're about 20, they're about 19% of the people are, let's follow the science, and 1% are cheering him on silently.
That's how lopsided it is at HHS.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, I mean, there's a huge interest in really not looking critically at vaccines.
I mean, it is such a gigantic business.
There's so much money involved.
When you looked at Pfizer earnings for last year, over $100 billion in earnings, and most of it from the vaccines and PaxLavid, this is massive amounts of money.
And again, and look at, there's been no time wasted
in getting, with Larry Ellison, getting in front of a podium and pushing the next generation of mRNA vaccines, because what we're looking now is really the next generation of the mRNA vaccines, the self-amplifying mRNA vaccines, for example, that were approved in Japan.
These mRNA cancer vaccines, which are already in phase three trials, so they're not
that far away from being potentially approved.
So, you know, the vaccine industry is already looking ahead.
They're looking past, you know, they've left behind the COVID vaccines.
You know, Bill Gates even tells us, well, you know, it was not perfect and they only provided protection for a few months and so on.

[SPEAKER_03]
Why didn't he tell us that at the beginning?

[SPEAKER_05]
Exactly.
well you know that they wanted to justify the role of the booster shots and and and i remember they kept shortening the period of time that you would need to get boosted and it went down it went from every six months to every five months four months three they even want they were even talking about at one point boosting every three months which is just absolutely you know insane
oh but you know just when you thought it doesn't get any worse than that it'll be every two months and then every month and then every week you should come in and get your shot you know i remember that there was a time there was a time when there was this push to just you know just keep getting your booster shot and then of course people stopped getting their booster shots and then they thought okay we need to back off we need to make it an annual shot combine it with the flu shot and just make it like a regular
family physician visit, get your shots, get your combined.
Yeah, exactly.

[SPEAKER_03]
But at least do you think the flu shot works?

[SPEAKER_05]
No, I don't.
It doesn't.
But I'll tell you, the reason why they changed their marketing strategy to combine it with the flu shot was because the flu shot historically was about 50 percent of Americans were taking the flu shot every year.
And so they thought, well, if we can convince people to go back to the covid booster shots and have half of the population taking them every year, then we can keep poisoning the population with the mRNA at least once a year.
Right.
And there was an entire campaign.
I mean, Pfizer gave Travis Kelsey $20 million to do ads where he had those two band-aids, where one was a COVID vaccine band-aid and one was a flu band-aid, and he was talking about how easy it is to get your two shots in one visit.
Wow.
Yeah, yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
Super benefit.

[SPEAKER_05]
But good money towards that.
And I think Moderna was actually developing a combined shot where it was a covid and flew in one in one.

[SPEAKER_03]
And this is they paid him 20 million dollars.
I believe it was 20 million dollars.
Yeah.
Wow.
I wouldn't I would have done it for 10.
They should have called me.
I saved a lot of money.
I mean, anybody in Canada's government speaking out against these shots?
You know, is there an Andrew Bridgen of Canada?

[SPEAKER_05]
There is a member of parliament, a federal member of parliament on the conservative side, Leslie Lewis, whose I believe has mentioned, you know,
mentioned COVID vaccines a few times, but it's really not talked about.
And I'm telling you, even Pierre Polyver and, you know, because the conservatives are leading right now and they have a massive lead over Justin Trudeau liberals.
And I think the word is that they don't want to rock the boat.
They don't want to upset the electorate by talking about COVID vaccines and COVID vaccine injuries.
So it's a topic that's effectively forbidden.
even on the conservative side.
And so, you know, if things become, if the situation changes in the United States to the point where we can openly talk about the contamination in the COVID vaccines and, you know, these DNA plasmids and turbo cancers and all of this new information that's coming out, if that is openly being talked about in the United States without being slapped with a fact check or a community note, Steve, I got a community note today on Twitter.
There was someone posted a clip
of my interview with Jim Ferguson in the UK.
And I was talking about turbo cancer and right away got slapped with a community note that said, turbo cancer is not a real thing.
Turbo cancer doesn't exist.
COVID vaccines don't cause cancer, period.
Now, what were the references?
Now, what's the science behind that?

[SPEAKER_03]
You don't need references for that.
You want to guess what the references were?
Fauci said it or something.

[SPEAKER_05]
So it was Reuters, it was an article by Reuters, a fact check article by Reuters, a fact check by Associated Press.
And I think there was an article from the American Cancer Society, which has a $15 million initiative with Pfizer.
I looked it up and so gets some nice funding from Pfizer.
So that was the science behind COVID vaccines don't cause cancer and there's no such thing as turbo cancer.

[SPEAKER_03]
I will let Angus know that I'll shoot him a note on WhatsApp and let him know.
That's a relief because, you know, he's seeing all these all these patients, but it clearly just must be in their head.
And it's also affecting the imaging as well.
I don't know where these people come from.
But yeah, have you ever talked to any fact checkers directly?

[SPEAKER_05]
No, I haven't spoken to any of them directly.

[SPEAKER_03]
You would think that the fact checkers would want to check the facts with you directly.

[SPEAKER_05]
Whenever I see a hit piece done in the media, I think, well, you never contacted me.
You never spoke to me.
Not the fact checkers have ever spoken to me.
No one's ever asked for the papers.
No one's ever asked for the science.
No one's ever asked.
Hey, Dr. Mac, as you say, there's dozens of papers looking at connection between COVID vaccines and these extremely aggressive cancers.
Why don't you provide us with those papers?
I could.
No one's ever asked that.
Epoch Times asked me for that and I provided them with all the papers and they listed all the potential mechanisms and so on.
But the fact checkers never, they never want to see the science.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, it's, you know, the fact-checking profession has really gone downhill.
All right, so let's, speaking of fact-checking, Livio, do we have some questions from the audience?

[SPEAKER_04]
We certainly do.
And I actually wanted to ask you, Dr. Maccas, what percentage of Canadians are still getting boosters?

[SPEAKER_05]
It's still about,
15 to 18 percent, which you know, I'm shocked that it's still that high.
Now, I see it almost more as a political thing than a medical thing because vaccines were so tied to politics in Canada that for the left,
And we have two leftist parties, one worse than the other.
And then, of course, we have the Green Party, which is completely insane.
But we have the Liberal Party, and then we have the NDP, the New Democratic Party.
And really, it's almost as an expression of how good of a leftist you are if you get vaccinated, and if you've been recently vaccinated, if you're up to date on your booster shots.
And so there's a political element to that.
And so you will see a lot of these political activists will come online and say, I got my latest booster shot.
And so they go and they actually do get all the booster shots and we're up to number nine or 10 of total vaccines at this point.

[SPEAKER_03]
And there's still so there are people who've had 10 shots and still alive.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
Wow.
Yeah.
Well, some, some, some people get lucky.
I mean, it's a Russian roulette, right?
With each shot is a Russian roulette.
So you can get to 10 shots and be fine.
I wouldn't recommend it, but there are people who've gotten, who've gotten that far.

[SPEAKER_03]
So do you have, you don't have like a regular patient base?
Uh, you basically see only oncology, uh, patients.
So they come and go right in your practice.
It's not like you have a, you're a general practitioner.

[SPEAKER_05]
No, so about a half a year ago, I started a health coaching practice because my license is still being sort of held hostage and health coaching is not regulated in Canada.
So I started a health coaching cancer coaching practice and I started it was mainly cancer patients who came to me looking
for help with repurposed drugs like ivermectin, like fenbendazole, mebendazole, these anti-parasitic drugs that have tremendous anti-cancer activity.
And so they wanted help with that.
Well, you know, what's the research?
How do I use them?
What is the dosing like?
And so my practice has grew.
Steve, I'm at
1,300 patients now.
I can't keep up with the demand.
I even have some patients, neurological patients, because there's some evidence that ivermectin can actually help in certain neurological conditions.
There's some myelin sheath repair that ivermectin is involved in.
So I have Parkinson's disease patients who are getting better on ivermectin.
I have multiple sclerosis patients.
There's some Alzheimer's patients who are having a tremendous response to ivermectin.
And so I have a very, very large practice, very busy.
But I can tell you 60% of my patients are stage four cancer patients who are progressing, who have failed chemo, failed immunotherapy.
And they've been abandoned by the system in many cases and are looking for help.

[SPEAKER_03]
What percentage of those are vaccinated?

[SPEAKER_05]
I would say about half.
Oh, I expected to see a lot more vaccinated patients with turbo cancers and so on.
And I was actually surprised that a lot of unvaccinated patients with cancer are coming to me now.
I think the reason is turbo cancer.
Not with turbo cancer.
And so.
OK.

[SPEAKER_03]
But the turbo can't for the turbo cancers where they presented stage four, those are all are those all vaccinated?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yes.
So so those when you see the extremely aggressive cancers in young patients, those patients have always had vaccines.
Now, the number of vaccines varies.
It could be just two shots, three shots, five shots.
I think the most I have a patient with is seven or eight shots.
And so they are really there.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right, do they make the connection when you say, so how many vaccines have you had?
Did they say, oh, shit, you mean, does the light go on?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, most of them, by the time they come to me, most of them suspect that the vaccine had something to do with it because they can make a temporal association.
They can say, well, look, I was perfectly healthy until I took that second shot or until I took that third shot.

[SPEAKER_03]
And they've been gaslit by their doctors, right?

[SPEAKER_05]
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
So the oncologists don't want to hear about it.
And this is at all the big cancer centers.
I have patients from all the big cancer centers, you know, Mayo Clinic, MD Anderson, John Hopkins, Memorial Sloan Kettering, Dana-Farber, all the major cancer centers.
I've got patients.
Now they're still trying, a lot of them are still trying chemotherapy regimens, immunotherapy regimens, combination regimens.
And then I add these repurposed drugs to their management, like Ivermectin, like Mibendazole, Orphanbendazole, so that they can get an enhanced effect with their regimen.
But yeah, I can tell you, by the time they come to me,
They suspect, they strongly suspect the association, but they say, what, what can I do?
I, you know, I had a, I had a business, I had, I had, I had a job that mandated it.
You know, it's always like that.
There was always that pressure that was put on them to take the shots.

[SPEAKER_04]
And you mentioned young people.
Are you seeing a lot more young people than you had before the vaccine rollout?

[SPEAKER_05]
Oh, absolutely.
You know, I've never seen breast cancers in a 19 year old or 20 year old.
I mean, that was just absolutely unheard of.
you know, colon cancers in people in their 20s, cholangiocarcinomas in people in their 20s.
This is how insane this is.
Cholangiocarcinoma, for example, now this is a cancer of the gallbladder or the bile ducts.
The average age of these patients was 70.
Now there are regularly 20 year olds, 25 year olds, 30 year olds coming down with a disease that was a disease of 70 year olds.
And so you see this dramatic shift, and I know Dr. Angus Daiglish talked about this, there's this dramatic shift towards a much younger population who are coming down with stage four and they're not presenting at stage one, stage two, they're presenting at stage three and stage four.
And these cancers, they grow so rapidly that they overwhelm the oncologists.
The oncologists are constantly having to chase these cancers.
They become inoperable very quickly.
So if you don't get to it right away,
it becomes inoperable because it spreads so fast.
And so then you're just chasing it with chemo.
You're chasing it with chemo after chemo after chemo.
And sometimes you get a partial response and sometimes you get no response at all.
And so the oncologists throw everything, including the kitchen sink at it.
They tell the patient, look, if you take this chemo regimen, you know, we can give you a survival, estimated survival of three to five years, for example.
And then the patient dies two, three months later.
I mean, the oncologists, even in their prognostication, are off by a factor of 10.
I've never seen anything like that.
Oncologists, if there was one thing they were good at, was giving you a prognosis, because the prognosis is based on massive studies of hundreds of thousands of cancer patients, where you know you're dealing with a certain cancer type.
You're dealing with stage four colon cancer.
You can map that.
You can literally map that on a survival curve.
These survival curves don't fit anymore.
Uh, once you've had the shot, they are completely off the charts and your prognostication is down the toilet.
You can't, you can't predict that these patients are, are now going to die in a matter of a couple of months instead of surviving years.

[SPEAKER_04]
And I've got a follow up on this on, um,
These turbo-cancer, you mentioned about half of the patients are not vaccinated or a certain percentage.
And the question involves shedding.
Have you seen any, is it, A, what's your take on shedding?
And the specific question is, can you get turbo-cancer through shedding?

[SPEAKER_05]
This is an excellent question and I love Kevin McKernan.
He's such a brilliant scientist and the work that he's done that's blown the lid off the contamination of the vaccines
I think is incredible.
And I was presenting at a Children's Health Defense event in Arizona a couple of months ago with Dr. Peter McCullough and Kevin McKernan.
And, you know, we'd sort of talked before the event and
And, you know, I watched this presentation as well.
And he the most recent testing that he had done was he had looked at a I believe it was a German patient who had four Pfizer vaccines and then developed colon cancer and died within a month, died within a month of his fourth Pfizer shot.
and they took the tumor and Kevin McKernan actually analyzed the tumor and he found the sequence in there and he did some more testing and he found plasmids
that are different from anything that's been reported before.
So we know about the plasmids, the plasmid contamination that Philip Buchholz confirmed with the Senate hearing in South Carolina that have the SV40 promoter.
Well, Kevin McCurden has found a new plasmid that Pfizer apparently hasn't even reported to anybody.
that has a mammalian promoter.
I believe it's a CMV promoter.
I'm not sure.
You know, he's the best.
I mean, he's the expert in this.
But apparently it makes it even easier to integrate into the genome.
So there are components in the vaccine that are so bad
that we're still he's still discovering new things in that vaccine and what he told me was that you don't even need integration to get cancer that these plasmids could literally you know they don't have to integrate into the genome to cause cancer and these things can shed so what he said was that that there's actually a theoretical risk
that we're dealing with the vaccine, specifically the Pfizer vaccine, where you may actually have shedding of a carcinogen that can cause cancer in an unvaccinated individual.
So I have unvaccinated individuals who tell me, look, in my job, I was always around vaccinated people.
I'm a massage therapist.
I was massaging vaccinated people all day long.
You know, eight hours a day, or, you know, I was working in an office full of vaccinated people and then I got this, you know, aggressive cancer and they're questioning whether that exposure gave them the cancer and I think there's a real question to be asked there.
Is there a chance that some people who are unvaccinated have actually developed cancer from shedding of vaccinated individuals?
And that's a scary thought, if you think about that, because that's a whole different level of danger that we're now dealing with.
So it's not just the unvaccinated who have to worry about turbo cancer, you know, what about the unvaccinated?
What about people who stopped taking the vaccines and got lucky with the first few shots that, you know, that didn't have the mRNA or the mRNA was degraded?
Are we all at risk?
And we've also got the self-amplifying mRNA vaccines, which also carry that theoretical risk as well of giving an unvaccinated person this sort of self-replifying mRNA product that's been shed on them that then starts producing mRNA and could cause cancer in them as well.
So I think these are real questions that have to be asked.
and have to be investigated.
And really, you know, only this new administration will be able to do that.
We would have never had that if Trump wasn't elected.

[SPEAKER_04]
No, not at all.
And I want to follow up on this because last week we had Dr. Philip McMillan, and he said last week that they aren't necessarily turbo cancers, but rather cancers growing under the radar because the immune system wasn't alerting the victims to the problem.
Curious if you agree with that.

[SPEAKER_05]
You know, I have to say, I mean, you know, that could be true in some cases, but I have to say that where I see the difference is how these cancers, once they are discovered, because like I said, if it is that they were just growing under the radar, once they are diagnosed, they should behave as any other cancers before, and they should respond to chemo, they should respond to immunotherapy, and these patients should live
long lives in many cases.
If it's stage four breast cancer, you could live another 10 years easily.
If it's stage four colon cancer, you could live another five, 10 years, no problem.
And that's not happening.
I'd say in the vast majority of cases with these turbo cancers is when they are diagnosed, they are behaving unlike anything that I've seen in my career.
I think Professor Deglish would agree is they are so aggressive.
They don't respond to conventional treatments.
And I think that's one of the markers, one of the features of these turbo cancers.
They don't respond to chemo.
They don't respond to immunotherapy.
And it really leaves the oncologists completely baffled.
they don't understand what they're dealing with.
So they're using conventional approaches to something that's brand new, to something that's completely different than anything they've worked with throughout their career.
And so I'm trying to help patients in this situation by using repurposed drugs that have different mechanisms of action of attacking the cancer.
The high dose ivermectin attacks the cancer in a completely different way than your standard chemotherapy or immunotherapy.
The Ivermectin is attacking cancer stem cells.
It's attacking the multi-drug resistance genes in these cancer cells.
It sensitizes cancer cells to chemotherapy.
It resensitizes cancer cells to radiation therapy, for example.
So if you use repurposed drugs, you're able to attack even these turbo cancers from different angles.
But the feature of a turbo cancer to me
is, you know, you've had the vaccine, you're diagnosed with what's usually a stage four cancer, and this cancer is resistant to treatment.
And this is where we're losing thousands and thousands of patients because
the medical establishment refuses to recognize that there is a potential link between the COVID vaccines and cancer.
And so there's no investigation in mainstream medicine at all into this phenomenon of, of terrible cancer.
And you don't have to call it terrible cancer.
You could call it rapidly progressive cancer.
You could call it whatever you want, but there's no investigation allowed.
And, and we are years behind on this.
I mean, I mean, we should have,
The top scientists in all the top cancer centers should be on this.
They should be trying to figure out what makes these cancers different.
Why are they so aggressive?
Why are they resistant to chemotherapy?
I mean, the data is there.
Someone has to be willing to look at it.

[SPEAKER_03]
You don't want to lose your job, though.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, that's the thing is that we need to create an environment where scientists can be scientists again, where doctors can be doctors again, where they're allowed to practice because we have brilliant minds in the United States.
There's tons of brilliant scientists in the United States, even in Canada.
They're just not given the opportunity.
They're not allowed to even ask the question, let alone investigate the problem.

[SPEAKER_04]
No, in fact, I have a friend who I recommended, Iver Macdon, to their doctor whose wife has stage four.
And the doctor said, well, there's just not enough data on using it.
So he wouldn't even let him try it.
Right.

[SPEAKER_03]
What's your success rate with Fenben and ivermectin with cancer?
There was a Logan episode where some celebrity said that... Mel Gibson.
Was it like three out of three friends or four out of four or what was it?

[SPEAKER_05]
It was three at least, he said.
Well, Mel Gibson said he had three friends that had stage four cancer and are now cancer-free.
And it rung a bell because I treated one of them.
And so that was one of the 1,200 that I have.
It's very hard for me to tell you the success rate.
I can tell you the first 100 patients that I've treated
60% of them have stage 4 cancer that's progressing.
About 80% of them, after five months, are either stable or improving.
About 10% have died and 10% have progressed.
The next 100 that I treated, they've had now ivermectin and fembenzole for about four or five months.
About 85% of them are stable or improving.
But again, you'd have to do the proper data analysis on this.
And so I do believe that the response rate is well over 50%.
But not everybody responds.
And again, this is why we need we need proper research into this.
You know, I will have a I will have a prostate cancer patient who will whose PSA will start dropping beautifully.
And after a few months, his lesion is gone from the MRI and PET scan.
And I will have an almost identical prostate cancer patient who just doesn't respond to ivermectin or fendendazole and his PSA keeps rising.
And, you know, we need to then look at combination therapies, you know, with chemo or hormone blockers and so on.
About 70% of my patients still do conventional treatment, chemotherapy, immunotherapy.
And I don't discourage anyone from pursuing conventional treatment, whether it's surgery, chemotherapy or immunotherapy.
You know, I say, look,
do the best, make the best decision that you can with your oncologist.
And I can help you, you can do, you can add these repurposed drugs to your existing regimen.
And so you can add the ivermectin, it doesn't interfere with the chemo.
In fact, in all the preclinical studies with ivermectin and mabendazole and fenbendazole, there is a synergistic effect where you get more cancer cell killing and better outcomes with the combination
of chemo and ivermectin than chemo alone or ivermectin alone.
And ivermectin actually reduces a lot of the chemo side effects as well because it has a very powerful anti-inflammatory component to it as well.
So patients feel much better on the chemo.
They have a lot less serious side effects on the chemo.
So it's something that should really be seriously and properly investigated.

[SPEAKER_04]
Is the resistance the same for both vaccinated and unvaccinated patients, cancer patients?
Resistance to to well, the cancer to the treatment.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, if we're looking at why some patients don't respond to ivermectin or my bendazole or friend bendazole.
I don't have, I don't know yet.
I haven't broken it down.
It happens whether you're vaccinated or unvaccinated.
So it may be a feature of the cancer.
It may be the particular type of cancer cell or the mechanism behind the development of that particular cancer that maybe ivermectin simply is unable to address
that particular mechanism.
Cancer is a complex, cancer is a very complex disease and there's no magic cures, there's no silver bullets and I can tell you mRNA cancer vaccines are certainly not going to be the cure or the silver bullet for sure.
And, you know, Professor Deglish, you know, again, when he talked about that he doesn't see a role for mRNA technology at all.
And, you know, I think it's certainly something that I think is worth
uh... invested to continue investigating but we cannot have any products approved uh... and any m r a product approved for use in humans because they're unsafe they are inherently unsafe the delivery mechanism is inherently unsafe the lipid nanoparticle because the baby here's the problem with the m r a technology it's you cannot deliver it
you cannot deliver it safely.
And that is the problem, and I think that is the fatal flaw.
It doesn't matter if you're delivering the spike protein, if you're delivering an influenza protein, if you're delivering an RSV protein, the delivery mechanism itself is inherently unsafe.
Doesn't stay in the arm, gets into the bloodstream, and then it's delivering lipid nanoparticles into the bone marrow,
crosses the blood-brain barrier into the brain, crosses the testes barrier, you know, goes into the testes ovaries, crosses the placenta, goes into the fetus.
Now I'm starting to see cancers in utero, turbo cancers in utero developing in the fetus.
I mean, these are horror stories.
And so the platform, the entire platform is inherently unsafe.
It cannot be delivered safely.
So until I see Larry Ellison telling me about how AI has developed a way of delivering mRNA safely exactly to where it needs to be delivered and to function as it's supposed to,
I think this platform has to be taken off the market and banned.
You can continue research if you want to.
I'm a big believer in scientific research, but you cannot use this in humans.
It is absolutely unsafe in humans in any form that we have right now.

[SPEAKER_04]
A couple of people are asking if there is mRNA in the flu vaccines.

[SPEAKER_05]
I know that it's in phase three clinical trials and I know that people have been invited to participate in phase three clinical trials with influenza mRNA vaccines.
I know the US government has ordered influenza H5N1 mRNA vaccines from Moderna, I believe.
Now, this sort of gets into the conspiracy theory realm where some people believe that there's already mRNA influenza vaccines that are being injected without people's knowledge.
I don't know whether that's true or not.
I simply have no evidence.
But would I trust a flu vaccine at this point?
Absolutely not.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, that would be pretty outrageous if they did that without any form of... Well, I'll tell you one other thing that was really outrageous.

[SPEAKER_05]
And this got no coverage in the media.
When parents were taking children to vaccine clinics or to their, yeah, to vaccine clinics or to their doctor, there have been hundreds, if not thousands of cases and reports of children getting COVID vaccines instead of the flu shot.
Oh, wow.
And some of these children have developed myocarditis.
Some of these children have been severely affected.
Their cardiac health has been severely impacted, and there's lawsuits going on.
And this was going on when they were still rolling out the COVID shots and encouraging
parents to bring kids for covid shots, but some parents didn't want the covid shots.
They brought the child for a flu shot and the child got a full dose adult dose covid vaccine.
And this didn't happen once or twice.
This happened hundreds, if not thousands of times.
And so talk talk about, you know, not that didn't get reported on.
It didn't get reported or you'll see the occasional reports in the media.
But this was just happening at, you know, this was happening all over the place.
This was happening all over the United States, all over Canada.
And it was always, you know, explained away as, oh, it was a mistake.
It was a, sorry, we mistook the vials.
We took the wrong vial.

[SPEAKER_04]
And they're safe and effective, so it's fine.
No big deal.

[SPEAKER_05]
And of course, yeah, they're all safe, so it's fine.
But I can tell you, I would not trust influenza vaccines at this point.
And I really have to say, I wouldn't trust any vaccine at this point.

[SPEAKER_04]
jumping back to ivermectin someone was asking and you mentioned a bunch of different disease that you're treating with ivermectin but dementia is the question can you speak about the use in dementia patients now these are again anecdotal reports and so i will get all types of stories from around the world and and people will tell me well you know um my 90 year old you know father or mother

[SPEAKER_05]
is really suffering from memory problems and so on, dementia.
And again, there was one study that suggested that ivermectin can be used for treatment of dementia.
You can't find it.
It's been scrubbed from Google.
It was a bunch of Middle Eastern authors.
It's been completely scrubbed from Google.
There used to be a PDF available.
It's gone.
You cannot find it.
If you go on DuckDuckGo, you can actually find an abstract that says Ivermectin.
They did a study, a small study, of course, and that Ivermectin might be useful.
in dementia, but completely scrubbed from Google.
And so I've been suggesting to people say, look, try a low dose ivermectin, 12 milligrams once a day, 24 milligrams once a day, and do it for a few weeks.
The risk benefit weighs heavily on the side of benefit.
There's minimal to no risk.
Try it for a few weeks and let me know how things go.
And some people are anecdotally reporting dramatic improvement in symptoms, people getting their memory back, people starting to recognize family members again, memories brought back that, you know, had been gone for years.
I think this is another area that needs to be looked into.
Ivermectin and certain neurological conditions like Alzheimer's, I have Parkinson's disease patients who are regaining mobility, and they are on maximum doses of conventional drugs, whatever carbidopa, levodopa drugs that they're on, and they are recovering mobility that they haven't had.
in years.
ALS, multiple sclerosis patients, I have on ivermectin right now.
We're looking into that to see if we can get a response.
So I think these are all things that really, this should be studied.
There is preclinical research supporting at least looking at this, doing small trials with maybe a small number of people and just
you know, the low doses are very safe.
Ivermectin, you know, established very, very safe drug, a safety record of decades, you know, close to 4 billion doses administered.
What is it, 100 times safer than Tylenol?
So, you know, these are all things that should be studied.
But again, we have to give the doctors and scientists freedom to do this kind of research without being worried about retaliation.
Look at Dr. P. R. Corey.
Look at Dr. Paul Merrick.
They've gone after their internal medicine board certifications and have stripped them of their certification because they advocated for ivermectin and hydroxychloroquine during the COVID-19 pandemic.
I mean, that is absolutely insane.
I mean, that is like purely authoritarian.
I mean, these colleges, these medical boards have to be brought under control.
They have to be cleaned up.
We need a complete reset.
in science and medicine and not just at the three-letter agencies, which is obviously extremely important, you know, the FDA, CDC, HHS, but we need to look at the medical boards throughout the United States because, again, lack of informed consent and retaliation against doctors who go against various established narratives and who go against big pharma.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, the Federation of State Medical Boards is kind of like a cartel that controls everything.
It's a mafia, right?

[SPEAKER_05]
It's a mafia, absolutely.
And it's got to be absolutely, it's got to be dismantled completely.
And even the even the professional associations, you know, the American Medical Association, the American American pediatric associations, these associations are rotten top to bottom with with with, you know, leftist activists and with, you know, people from big pharma.
These as these associations also have to be looked at, and either dismantled or somehow reset.

[SPEAKER_04]
I have a question for Mona Chikoni.
I currently have a breast cancer tumor, 1.1 centimeters.
I am now water fasting.
I have been taking fenben and ivermectin along with vitamin D and zinc.
Can I take the meds while water fasting?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yes, you can.
I don't think taking, I don't believe taking ivermectin and fembendazole during a fast will break the fast.
Now, I would recommend stopping supplements.
Some of the supplements have fillers that might interfere with the fast, but the ivermectin, I usually recommend to my patients continue the ivermectin and fembendazole or fembendazole even when you're doing a prolonged water fast, a three day, five day or seven day water fast.

[SPEAKER_04]
Great.
Well, Dr. Makas, thank you for all your time and insight and generosity with answering these questions this evening.
We still have more, but we're running short on time.
Steve, do you have any final thoughts or follow up before we wrap up here?

[SPEAKER_03]
No, it would be great to have answers here in terms of what you can do in Canada, but it seems like the answers will be coming from outside the box rather than inside the box.

[SPEAKER_05]
Can I slip in one quick final comment?
Sure.
Patients are seeing tremendous responses across all types of cancers, and this is with oral ivermectin, oral mabendazole and fembendazole, and all of these are antiparasitics that have a huge body of research, preclinical research in cancer.
One thing I want to want to suggest to people is topical application of these as well.
Topical application of the ivermectin paste or ivermectin cream or from Benazol cream for skin cancers.
I'm getting reports of skin cancers disappearing with topical application of of ivermectin after just several months.
All kinds of other skin conditions, you know, severe eczema, acne, all kinds of dermatitis responding to topical treatments as well.
So this is the kind of out of the box thinking I think that we need.
And these are cheap and easy solutions.
And you know, I have patients telling me constantly, why did my doctor not tell me this?
I had a patient suffering from Lyme disease for 20 years.
Couldn't get relief.
Severe joint pains.
Took ivermectin for three, four weeks.
Joint pain's gone.
Got relief for the first time in decades.
And these patients are asking me, why is my doctor not telling me about this?
Why can't my doctor not help me with these easy, cheap solutions?
And I think we need to have a really, really good look at repurposed drugs in medicine and not just in cancer, but all across the board.
And I think some of these repurposed drugs, we have to make them available for Americans.
We have Americans sneaking ivermectin from India, trying to get past customs agents who are ripping open boxes, not looking for fentanyl or heroin or cocaine.
They're looking for ivermectin.
This is especially a big problem in Canada as well, is that this is what the government's focused on, making sure that you don't get access to ivermectin.
You can have access to, like I said, all the hard drugs that you want.
We need to have American-made ivermectin, American-made mebendazole right here available over the counter to every American, and we need to open up the research to repurpose drugs.

[SPEAKER_04]
I'm glad you mentioned that because I can follow that up with anecdotal information where I actually saw a friend who had shingles and a bad rash and he lathered up with a gel of ivermectin and within 24 to 48 hours the rash was gone.

[SPEAKER_05]
You won't believe it until you try it.
It's fantastic just for all kinds of skin conditions.

[SPEAKER_04]
Where can people find you, Dr. Maccas, if they wanted to continue to follow you and your work?

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, people can follow me on Twitter at MacSMD.
I've got a very active Substack, macsmd.substack.com.
Now recently, I've shifted my focus in Substack from talking about the diet suddenly phenomenon, sudden deaths, the cardiac injuries, blood loss from the vaccines.
I've shifted more towards cancer treatments and testimonials, but I cover autoimmune diseases.
I cover neurological diseases as well, but I'm now focused
more on solutions rather than identifying the problem.
I mean, I've beaten this problem to death.
I've written probably over a thousand articles and sub stack articles on talking about diet suddenly talking about, you know, the cardiac arrests and sleep and the blood clots from the vaccines and the turbo cancer and so on.
I've really shifted now towards solutions and so I'm trying to share as much solutions as possible, testimonials, and I think people will find that very interesting.
So MacSMD on Twitter and macsmd.substack.com on Substack.

[SPEAKER_04]
and Janet will put that in the chat and definitely sign up and subscribe to Dr. Makas' sub-stack.
Very well worth your time.
Dr. Makas, thank you so much.
It's been a, wow, what an incredible evening with having you following up Dr. Angus Dalglish.
It's been so informative and fantastic.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, thank you very much for having me.
I really appreciate it.

[SPEAKER_04]
Great.
Have a great evening.
Everyone else hang in there.
I got a couple of announcements to make Steve great work with two incredible interviews.
Just wanted to say that was, that was quite a informative evening to say the least.

[SPEAKER_03]
Thanks.
Thanks, Olivia.

[SPEAKER_04]
And as we close up tonight, I wanted to remind everyone that we are a 501C3 and your donations continue to help us with everything that we do to help get the message out and to help the vaccine injured.
And I'm going to also talk about our generous donor spotlight tonight, which is N from Ohio.
And N writes, thank you for all you guys do.
Thank you for your unwavering support.
And to everyone in our audience, your voice and generosity are what keep our community strong.
We appreciate you standing with us.
Together, we are unstoppable.
And I thought I had our donate string.
thumbnail, but I don't have it handy right at the moment, but you can text us at vacsafety.org.
Janet will put our link where you can donate in the chat, so anything you can do to help would be more than appreciated.
Steve, we have an incredible guest coming on next week.
Let me see if I can get this screen share going.
Catherine Austin Fitz is joining us next week.
Let me see if I can get this up here.
Stand by for one second.
Have you met Catherine yet, Steve?
Oh, we've talked on the phone.
Okay, well, she's coming on.
We're going to do a pre-record next week because she can't join us live.
So we are going to have another special pre-record for our donors.
So join us for this special session and you can ask Katherine questions at the end of the interview.
We're going to be having this on Tuesday.
So if you're a donor, you will be getting an invite.
And if you're not a donor yet,
donate and you can come join us on Tuesday.
It's going to be at noon Eastern time for our pre-recorded session with Catherine Austin Fitz and then we will run that live next week.
So yeah, fantastic evening.
And we're going to close off tonight's show with actually a clip from Catherine Austin Fitz on central bank digital currencies.
And this is a clip from I think the name of the film is Lockdown Nation or Lockdown Planet.
And it's a pretty powerful clip.
So let me get that set up.
Steve, continue your work on the debate.
I can't wait.
It feels like it's been going on for a long time already, but I can't wait to
get to the end of that and get the results.
And I wanted to ask you, how are your eyes doing?
Any improvement and how are you?

[SPEAKER_03]
It's permanently gone.
The central vision is permanently gone.
It scars up within a week after the injury.
There's nothing you can do.
It's just one of these unfortunate things.

[SPEAKER_04]
OK, well.
Hang in there with that.
And on that note, I want to thank all of you for being here tonight.
We had a really great audience and a lot of lively chat.
So thank you for being here and have a great rest of your evening and weekend.
And we'll see you all next week for Catherine Austin-Fitz.
Good night.
Bye, everybody.

[SPEAKER_01]
My name is Catherine Austin-Fitz.
I'm the publisher of The Soleri Report and managing director of Soleri Investment Advisory Services.

[SPEAKER_00]
And what do you think is happening economically as a result of all this?

[SPEAKER_01]
So what is happening, I just published a huge study called The State of Our Currencies.
And what I describe is the fact that for many decades the dollar has been the reserve currency.
And the system is what I would describe as long in the tooth.
And the central bankers are trying to bring in a new system, but it's not ready to go yet.
And we're in a period of great change and uncertainty where the central bankers are trying to keep the dollar system going and accelerate.
So they're trying to lengthen the dollar system, and then they're trying to accelerate bringing in the new system.
And they have to bring in the new system without anybody quite realizing exactly what it is.
So we've had a global reserve currency system, the dollar, and it needs to evolve and change and it's long in the tooth.
There's lots of unhappiness with the system and the central bankers are trying to bring a new system and to do it
They're trying to extend the old and accelerate the new and it makes it a very chaotic thing since much of the new is being tested and tried and prototyped and it involves many different industries.
So I described the new system as the end of currencies.
So we're not bringing in a new currency, we're essentially bringing in a new transaction system that will be all digital and essentially end currencies as we know them.
So what they're trying to do involves essentially all the money on the planet.
So it's big, it's complicated, it's messy.
And the challenge they have is how do you market a system that if people understood it, nobody would want?
And of course, the way you do that is with a health care crisis.

[SPEAKER_00]
Why is the health care crisis good for that?

[SPEAKER_01]
Because generally, if a few people want to control the many,
The question is, how can you hurt all the sheep into the slaughterhouse without them realizing and resisting?
So the perfect thing is invisible enemies.
So we had the war on terrorism with invisible terrorists, and then now a virus is perfect because it's invisible.
You can't prove that it doesn't exist because it's invisible.
So invisible enemies are always the preferred one, particularly if they scare people, if you can use fear
and introduce significant fear, then people will need government to protect them from the invisible enemy.
Then the second tactic, which is very effective, is divide and conquer.
And so in the meantime, if you can use the media, the media plays a very important role.
If you can turn men and women against each other and black and white against each other.
And one of the reasons you import a lot of immigrants into
into Europe is turn the general population against the immigrants and then you need government to be in the middle.
So these are all, whether it's divide in tactic or invisible enemies, these are all ways to institute fear and get people to go along with things.
And of course, the invisible virus allows you to do enormous control mechanisms.
You can stop people from gathering, you can stop people from organizing, you can stop people from getting together.
and talking about what's going on etc etc and if you digitize it with contract tracing then you can control who's talking to whom if you can get them to do all their work and education online you can literally listen to everything they're saying so you can you can institute extraordinary amounts of surveillance all in the
You know, the theory that we're protecting you from the invisible virus.
It's very clever, you know, and as you can see, it's working in with many people, not everybody, but many people.
So to me,
a lot and I don't want to underestimate the ability of the leadership to introduce pathogens that will kill people and I don't want to suggest that people aren't getting sick but essentially what you're trying to do is you're trying to get people to buy into
a solution before they see where it's ultimately going to go because you're talking about a transaction system that is no longer a currency.
It's a control system.
So it's like a credit at the company store.
If every central bank comes out with a digital central bank currency, they have the ability to turn your money on and off.
So if you don't behave,
That's it.
And of course, as we know, they want to combine this with transhumanism, which means literally, you know, I take injections that can institute the equivalent of an operating system in my body.
And so I'm hooked up to the financial system, literally, physically.

[SPEAKER_06]
Great.
