[SPEAKER_01]
Welcome to the end of being alone inside your mind You're tethered to another and you worry it all the time You always knew the melody but you never heard it rhyme She's fair and she is quiet Lord, she doesn't look like me
She made me love the morning, she's a holiday at sea The New York streets are as busy as they always used to be But I am the mother of Evangeline The first things that she took from me were selfishness and sleep She broke a thousand heirlooms I was never meant to keep
She built my life with color, canceled plans and trashed my car But none of that was ever who we are Outside of my windows are the mountains and the snow I hold you while you're sleeping and I wish that I could go All my roadie friends are out accomplishing their dreams But I am the mother of evangelism
And they've still got their morning paper and their coffee and their time And they still enjoy their evenings with the skeptics and the wine Oh, but all the wonders I have seen I will see a second time From inside of the ages through your eyes You are not an accident where no one thought it through
The world that stood against us made us mean to fight for you And when we chose your name we knew that you'd fight the power too You're nothing short of magical and beautiful to me I'll never hit the big time without you So they can keep their treasure and their ties to the machine
Because I am the mother of Evangeline They can keep their treasure and their ties to the machine Because I am the mother of Evangeline

[SPEAKER_05]
Tonight on VSRF Live, we're joined by obstetrician, gynecologist, and maternal fetal medicine physician, Dr. Adam Urato, who has spent nearly 30 years caring for pregnant women, emphasizing a clear but compassionate approach, recognizing the importance of maternal mental health, while also carefully examining the effects of chemical exposures on developing babies.

[SPEAKER_02]
Over the years, I've seen more and more medication use in pregnancy.
And I think that pregnant women in the public aren't being properly informed on this issue, particularly with SSRI antidepressants.
Patients regularly tell me that essentially the only counseling they received is that SSRIs don't affect the baby or cause complications.

[SPEAKER_03]
This is simply not accurate or adequate.

[SPEAKER_02]
But this is essentially what you could conclude based on the current FDA labels for these drugs.
The public needs better information and the FDA must strengthen the warnings.
For example, there's currently no warning regarding preterm birth or preeclampsia.
The postpartum hemorrhage warning needs to be strengthened.
But perhaps the major shortcoming is that the label doesn't make clear that SSRIs alter fetal brain development.

[SPEAKER_05]
Hello, and welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm your host, Livio Sanchez, and thank you so much for joining us this evening.
Tonight, we're honored to be joined by Dr. Adam Urato, an obstetrician, gynecologist, and maternal fetal medicine physician.
Dr. Urato is a strong advocate for informed consent and freedom of speech in medicine.
His work reflects a clear yet compassionate approach, one that recognizes the importance of maternal mental health while also carefully examining
the effects of chemical exposures on developing babies.
In tonight's conversation, we'll explore the use of antidepressants and other medications during pregnancy, what we do and do not know about how chemical exposures may affect fetal development, and why honest, individualized risk-benefit conversations are so essential for women of childbearing age.
This promises to be a thoughtful, science-based, and deeply human discussion.
Before we begin, I want to take a quick moment to remind everyone
that VSRF is able to do this work because of your support.
If you value these conversations and you want to help us continue bringing forward credible voices and important information, please consider making a donation.
Even small contributions make a real difference, and your support helps keep VSRF Live going.
Janet will post the link to donate.
And now I'd like to bring on founder of VSRF, Steve Kirsch,
Steve, welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you this evening, sir?

[SPEAKER_03]
I'm very good, Olivier.

[SPEAKER_05]
How are you?
I'm doing well.
This is our last episode of the year of 2025.
So, yeah, and I'm really excited about tonight's conversation.

[SPEAKER_03]
We always come to a last episode.
Always.
Yes.

[SPEAKER_05]
And fortunately, we will have another one, actually, at least one more in 2026 and hopefully a lot more.
I wanted to ask you before we bring on Dr. Urato, I've been following your Substack and your ex conversations about Paul Offit and I know you have an update on how that's going because he's actually written about you and Aaron Seary and he made a response and where are you at with Paul Offit and have you spoken to him directly?
We'll even call you.

[SPEAKER_03]
No, he will not engage with me directly.
I leave messages on his voicemail.
I sent him email and he writes substacks in response.
So I was in good company.
I'm in the company of RFK, Aaron Seary and Steve Kirsch.
So that's good.
Kind of down to the top three misinformation spreaders.
And so he said, your stuff's not published in the pure viewed literature, so I don't debate it because it's not really science until it's qualified past the gatekeepers.
And so I wrote a very long substack about how that's a sort of self-controlled system, and that we should be able to have these scientific debates without having it in the peer-reviewed literature.
When students are in med school, they talk about cases, and the cases aren't in the peer-reviewed literature, and yet they're able to debate
the cases when they're in med school.
So how is it that we can't talk about stuff that's real life, that's totally relevant, that probably will have great difficulty getting into the peer-reviewed literature because it's biased to system?
There's gatekeepers on those.
There are gatekeepers on them.
And so I thought I did a pretty good job of presenting the case.
And I also put a case forward for how we could revise the peer-reviewed system so it's more fair.
And I invited him, if he had a better idea, to submit that and let's move the system forward rather than assume that the status quo is the best that we can do.
But I realized after somebody, Jarl Arstad, and he's in Norway, he messaged me on WhatsApp and he just published a sub stack.
And the sub stack said that this, let me see if I can pull it up here.
Here we go.
He said, Steve, your reference to the JAMA study inspired me.
And his quote is, COVID vaccinated were 26 less likely to die in traffic accidents.
A French study shows.
Not only that, you're 25% less likely to die of anything.
Gunshot wounds, suicides.
jumping out of a plane, whatever, any day you're, yeah, you're, you're, you're 25% less likely to die.
That's what it showed.
Now.
That's so I said, so often only we'll talk about what's in the peer reviewed literature.
So I guess how about we talk about that study?
And what it means because the study itself says, Hey, this supports the safety of the COVID vaccines.
And I think it does no such thing.
So let's have a discussion about it.
I think it's, it is so confounded.
Because there's no biological basis for reducing your car accidents by 25% after you've had a vaccine.
It just doesn't work that way.
Your cells can't control the other driver.

[SPEAKER_05]
Too many variables on there.

[SPEAKER_03]
It's not like the car is about to hit you and it says, were you vaccinated?
you know and then it does a 180 like have you ever seen that before you know if they could show that i'm freaking sold i mean i'm i'm like i'll be rolling up my sleeves i'm like you know get that shot in my arm right if it can deflect a traffic accident hey man i like
That would be phenomenal.

[SPEAKER_05]
I would consider that one if it just prevented death in general from my own stupidity or someone else's.
That would be a magic.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yes.
Yep.
No, no biological, uh, mechanism of action, as they say.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, I think our next guest would not be afraid of debate on anything that has to do with medicine or science based on my conversation.
So let's, let's bring on our featured guest tonight.
Dr. Adam Urato, Dr. Adam Urato.
Welcome to VSRF live.
How are you this evening, sir?

[SPEAKER_02]
I'm doing well, Livio.
Thanks very much for having me on and it's an honor to be your last guest of the year, like batting clean up or whatnot, finishing things off here.

[SPEAKER_05]
I appreciate the opportunity.
That's right.
Yeah.
And I've appreciated the couple of conversations we've had to have.
We met at the Intercompass Initiative Conference in West Hartford last month.
And it's really a pleasure to have you here.
And before we get going, I want to read your bio so our audience can learn a little bit more about you.
Dr. Urato is a maternal fetal medicine physician practicing in his hometown of Framingham, Massachusetts.
He's a board certified in both obstetrics and gynecology and maternal fetal medicine and has spent nearly 30 years caring for pregnant women,
including those with high-risk pregnancies.
Born and raised in Framingham, Dr. Urato attended Harvard College and Harvard Medical School.
He completed his residency in obstetrics and gynecology at Massachusetts General Hospital and Brigham and Women's Hospital, followed by a maternal fetal medicine fellowship at the University of South Florida and Tufts Medical Center.
Dr. Urato maintains an active clinical practice
caring for women with high-risk pregnancies and delivering babies while also advising nurses, midwives, and physicians throughout his community.
He writes and lectures extensively on medication exposures during pregnancy and has taken a leading role in opposing ineffective drugs and harmful approaches to pregnancy care, including McKenna, a preterm
a preterm birth drug that was removed from the market by the FDA in 2023.
Dr. Urato is a strong advocate for informed consent, open scientific debate, and freedom of speech in medicine.
And I want to remind our audience that we will be having Q&A at the end of the conversation.
So if you have questions for Dr. Urato or Steve or myself, put them in all caps in the chat.
And Janet will get them to me.
We'll get to as many as possible.
And in the meantime, I'm going to hand it over to Steve.
Take it away, Steve.

[SPEAKER_03]
Okay, let's start with a softball question, which is, do you still have your boards and license to practice medicine?
And if you do, then what the heck are you doing?
Like, why are you?
Are you not making a difference?

[SPEAKER_02]
What a question to start off with.
I love clinical care.
I'm still taking care of patients regularly, and I try to maintain a balance with that while still being a voice, often a voice of dissent on these issues.
and trying to get the word out, particularly as regards pregnancy with, as Lydia said, the introduction with medications and other approaches to pregnancy care that I think aren't necessarily working in the best interest of the patients.

[SPEAKER_03]
So aren't you like under investigation?
Something?
What's wrong here?
What is wrong with this picture here?
I mean, the regulator should be after you!

[SPEAKER_02]
I've come under fire for a few of the things I've been involved with.
I was involved with the McKenna issue, but, you know, that turned out I was on the right side of that, that I said for years that that drug I thought was ineffective, even though it was being used for 20 years and being recommended by the American College of OB-GYN and being used throughout the country.
I felt that it didn't work and I rallied against it and fortunately over the course of time was proven correct in that and then other things like the blood thinners using blood thinners after C-section was another
campaign that was rolled out by the pharmaceutical industry and others and I kind of pushed back against that.
So fortunately, I've been right on some of these things which I think has gotten me some cache and I provide a lot of community care.
So I think the docs in my community that work with me know that my heart's in the right place trying to protect patients and the public and working on things from that angle.
Remind me, what state are you in?
I'm in Massachusetts.

[SPEAKER_03]
And you haven't been reported?
I just can't.
I mean, Massachusetts, those people are, like, insane.

[SPEAKER_02]
Oh, that's very interesting.
I'm born and raised here.
I love my fellow Massachusettsians.
They have taken some wrong turns, I think, on some issues.
Yeah, I can understand.
If I said Florida or Texas, you'd say, wow, you're in Florida or Texas.

[SPEAKER_03]
How are you doing what you're doing up in Massachusetts?
Yeah, exactly.
Although I don't I'm not sure I have examples of physicians in Massachusetts that have been persecuted by their by the medical boards.
Are you aware of any like, you know, you can be in other states.
I know, you know, like, Merrill Nass is not Massachusetts, for example.
Right.
So who is there anyone in Massachusetts who has been decertified?

[SPEAKER_02]
I think there are some cases, some reports, but I can't tell you off the top of my head for Massachusetts.
Rhode Island had a physician who I think that person was an ear nose and throat surgeon that case got in the headlines, but not so much in Massachusetts that I know of.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, I was surprised by that, actually.
You'd expect that Massachusetts would be one of the state that would be one of the first to crack down on this stuff.
So let me ask you this tough question.
We started with an easy question.
This is a tougher question.
If I offer you a million dollars to debate me on any issue for an hour, would you say, no, it has to be published in the peer-reviewed literature first?
Because I'm a scientist?
Or would you say, sure, no problem.

[SPEAKER_02]
I'd say, sure, no problem.
And it wouldn't take a million dollars, actually.
I think that that really bothered me seeing that, that the folks that Paul Offit does not want to debate these things publicly.
I think that's really concerning and really antithetical to what the spirit of science is all about.
We really want to be, I mean, science is all about debate, discussion, going back and forth, and trying to drill down on things.
And that's what we need.
And it's, as I said, absolutely antithetical to that process by saying you won't debate.
And it really hurts his position by taking that approach.
I think what he's saying, one of the things I talk about with these issues is that you've got the public on one side and you've got the pharmaceutical industry oftentimes on the other side.
And in between those groups, we really should have regulators and academics and the media and universities, researchers.
This middle group should be working on behalf of the public to inform the public, to protect the public, et cetera.
And that would be our journals.
And that's how a functioning society should work.
But in our current society, that middle group, the regulators and the information systems,
like the FDA, the CDC, the universities, the key opinion leaders, the journalists, even the doctors is often typically in large part paid for by the pharmaceutical industry.
So in that sense, they're working for the pharmaceutical industry, which really then leaves the public high and dry for anybody to be protecting them.
So Paul Offit in his explanation is that this group here needs to be relied on
with the journals and with their proclamations to be, that's the way to do science.
But that's just doesn't, it doesn't work that way.
You've got this group here in the journals and in the academic medical centers and in the professional medical associations who are being funded by pharma.
So we can't rely on that system of peer review or expert proclamation to answer these questions.
And just at the bottom of it, if you've got a good enough point to make, you shouldn't be afraid to debate anybody and you should welcome the opportunity to debate it in a free and fair and open dialogue.

[SPEAKER_03]
Absolutely.
So I was watching this documentary on the COVID crisis.
And the policy for dealing with the virus is to, you don't have lockdowns and you don't do all this other stuff.
And so what they did was lockdowns.
And there was no
There was no opportunity for any kind of debate whatsoever.
You can't debate the stuff in the journals.
It's happening in real time.
You're not going to wait six months to do a study.
Jay Bhattacharya does a study.
He's not going to wait six months to have it published.
And then, oh, well, then Paul Offit will debate him about what the study said.
I mean, these decisions were being made in real time, and they affected
the economy, they affected people's lives in huge ways.
And these decisions were being made without any kind of public involvement or, you know, like, did you ever see a public debate between Jay Bhattacharya and somebody who disagreed with him on whether there should be lockdowns or not?

[SPEAKER_02]
No, exactly.
Your point's a good one.
Your point's a very good one about it needing to be done in real time.
We can't wait for a peer review system to discuss all of these things.
We need to be able to take them on as they come.
It's also a very condescending patronizing position to take that I'm going to just defer to the literature this rather than being able to defend your position and get out there in the public with the population and discuss these things.
Those things weren't discussed.
I think that what happened with Jay was there was that email or call where they said we need an immediate take down of this character.
and his positions to try to discredit him rather than, you know what, he's got a position on this, let's hear him out and let's try to get to the truth on this matter.

[SPEAKER_03]
So what's interesting is that if you take things like masks and the six-foot rule and lockdowns, where's the science behind that?
justified that.
Like so not only do they say we're not going to have any debates folks
But they also say, hey, here's the deal.
Six feet in the US, it's what, like three meters if you're overseas?
It's a different distance if you're overseas, of course, because that's the way science works.
And the masks, Sweden basically didn't have masking.
They had maybe a mask mandate for a short amount of time.
But by and large, only a small fraction of people in Sweden wore a mask.
And it didn't make any difference.
between Sweden versus the countries around them.
The mask wearing doesn't work and yet people were required to wear masks, people were required to space out six feet.
Like there's no science behind any of this stuff and yet we're supposed to comply.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, and it's a huge problem.
I mean, I've seen this in obstetrics with the things that I've dealt with.
The idea of giving an injections of progesterone, progesterone injections, which is what McKenna was, was based on very, you know, poor initial study and then just got rolled out.
And once it gets rolled out, once they do the sort of corporate or farmer roll out on these things, it takes a life of its own.
where it becomes like a gospel truth without very much scientific backing.
I think we see the same thing now with antidepressants.
This whole idea that it gets rolled out in a certain way, that the antidepressant will regulate the mom's mental health during pregnancy,
and that then will lead to better outcomes for mom and baby so it becomes almost like a sales pitch and these things become sales pitches whether it's the masking or the six-foot rule to try to roll it out in a way to get people to buy in but as you're the point you're making Steve's a good one like where's the science on these things and that's what we need to focus on and to bring it back is like the way to get to the science is to debate it to discuss it
to ask what's out there.
Does it make sense?
That's the way this should be working.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
So do you have an opinion on the hep B decision that the CDC just issued or see it?
Sorry, the that ACIP just just issued.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, I mean, I think it's a good one.
I take care of pregnant women.
A lot of them have concern about that policy of the newborn vaccination, serious concerns and hesitation and just doesn't feel right to them.
And then when you really drill into the evidence that's there, again, looking at the science just didn't stand up.
So I think that's a move in the right direction.

[SPEAKER_03]
Okay, and what about the overall, the vaccine schedule?
In the U.S., we have some god-awful number, it's over 50 vaccines that a kid is given in the U.S. And I did a little research and I found that, well, for the countries that actually have no vaccine mandates whatsoever, their health outcomes are actually better.
So, like,
Like, what's the evidence?
Where is the scientific evidence showing that our vaccination schedule is helping us, right?
Because we've got, like, we're after, what is it, Cuba or something?
And in terms of health outcomes, it's, you know, we're like 34th on the list or something.
We're way far down there.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, I'm sympathetic.
Go ahead.
I didn't mean to cut you off, Steve.
Yeah, no, go ahead.
I'm sympathetic.
I understand that people, there are a lot of bad illnesses and diseases out there and people worry about these things and they've worried over time and I think there are people with their heart in the right place and good spirits trying to prevent some of these illnesses.
That's one aspect of this.
The other aspect of this is there are huge financial incentives to the schedule, to the vaccine schedule.
And so I also think that that needs to be kept in mind with this.
And it's important to look at it.
When I lecture on medications in pregnancy, I always use the arguments that chemicals have consequences and the point I'm trying to make to people is that, and this is true not just in pregnancy but for everyone, the point I'm trying to make is that any medication that you're taking typically is coming out of a chemical manufacturing facility.
And it's being made in places where the workers are wearing protective equipment.
They're dealing with chemicals.
They're working with chemicals.
And so when these chemicals go into the body, they're going to have chemical effects.
And we need to be humble as a society and also in science and medicine.
We need to be humble and understand that the human body and biology is incredibly complex.
And there's a lot that we don't know.
So before we roll out and embrace more and more efforts to inject or give more and more chemicals to humans, starting from an early age and then right up through adulthood, we need to keep this in mind that these chemicals are having chemical effects.
And it's really important to look at each one and ask the question,
What are the risks here?
Is there safety?
How effective is it?
And how much does it actually improve health over the long term, not just specific to that one illness, but in overall health?
And so I think it's important to look at the whole thing.
I think your point's a good one.
Other countries aren't necessarily doing that to the extent that we have.
I think it's very important to look at the whole thing and do it in a very sane and reasonable approach.
We're putting chemicals into babies and young children, and then we're doing it in pregnancy as well.
And so with each one, we've got to ask, what are the risks of this?
Where's the real scientific evidence of benefit?
And is it improving health for, in the case of pregnancy, moms, babies, et cetera, in the long run?
And look at them each.
Look at them individually.

[SPEAKER_03]
So, have you seen outcomes after they introduced the COVID vaccines?
Have you seen outcomes change for mothers like more stillbirths, more, there's another term for
miscarriages.
Yeah, yeah.
So different different words for different phases.
But and also deformed babies, you know, like babies with the brain didn't form correctly and so forth.
So have you seen more weird shit happening after the the COVID vaccines rolled out for them where the mom took the the COVID vaccine?
Like, could you
Are you keeping any statistics on that?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, you're asking a really good question.
So I guess there's like different ways that I'm getting information on this.
The main way, I'm a full-time clinician.
I'm taking care of patients all the time.
And so from a clinical standpoint, I'm not seeing in my own experience
much of a difference honestly.
I do see a fair bit of miscarriage but for the individual clinician to pick up on that if it's been a percentage change it may not stand out to me as an individual clinician and so that hasn't been I mean is there something going on there you'd have to look at that with more widespread statistics.

[SPEAKER_03]
Because you don't, you don't have the numbers because the the fetal demises and so forth are the percentages are small enough that you're not going to be able to see enough statistical significance as a sole practitioner, right?

[SPEAKER_02]
I think that's right.
I think that's right.
Stillbirth, though, I would know about because I'm seeing most of the babies, a lot of the babies in my area in Massachusetts.
I did not see an uptick in that on either side.
I mean, for a while, people were arguing that COVID itself, the virus was causing widespread stillbirth.
And we weren't seeing that in Massachusetts.
And the national data also did not show a jump up in stillbirth from COVID during that time.
And neither also for the vaccines.
Also, that's a rare outcome.
People put that at three per thousand or six per thousand.
Relatively rare outcome, so it's hard to pick up.
One thing I did see though, which was atypical, was a few patients who had had prior uncomplicated pregnancies who then went on to develop blood clots.
which is odd.
I had that in at least three patients, I can think of them off the top of my head.
Two of them had had two prior babies with nothing happened and then developed a blood clot.
One of them had a prior pregnancy and had developed a blood clot.
And that's atypical, but not impossible, but a little bit odd.

[SPEAKER_03]
So all three were vaccinated with the COVID vaccine?

[SPEAKER_02]
And all three vaccinated with the COVID vaccine.

[SPEAKER_03]
Gosh, what a great guess, huh?
Just a coincidence.

[SPEAKER_02]
They were upset about that.
I'm sure I know that, you know, people would say, well, that doesn't prove anything.
That's one physician's experience.
And I recognize that.
But the patient, from the patient standpoint, they were very, they had no doubt in their minds what had happened to them when that occurred.
Yeah.
but i would also say something else i would also say one other thing to add to that which is that i think there is evidence of batch differences and so what batches were active or whatnot the the hot lots or whatever you'd call them probably can affect what you what people are seeing clinically okay so let me ask you a politically charged question which is should there be a black box warning for the covid shots in general um
I would have to look at the evidence further.
I'd have to look at the evidence further.
I'm going to try not to be a politician on it.
But I think that there is a lot of evidence of injury and harm
I think trying to pull that together is what needs to be done.
And if it does rise to the level, which in many ways it looks like it does, then there should be that warning because the purpose of a box warning is to really warn the public about a significant or severe effect, one which can be in particular fatal.

[SPEAKER_03]
So 10 kids died.
A black box warning merited or not?
You know, I had a family friend who got the vaccine a few weeks ago, and three weeks later, he developed pericarditis, could have died.
Should there be a black box warning?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, and this is also, just to point out to people, this is also not just, I think there's been some feeling that it's just coming out of the FDA, but we haven't seen the evidence, but this was actually in the peer-reviewed literature.
The two cases I'm aware of, I think, were from out of Connecticut and that they had looked at those children shortly after getting the COVID vaccine and both had died shortly after that.
Can you go just based on that?
I'd like to see more of the evidence.
I'd like to see more of the evidence presented.
I'd like to see them present the 10 cases.

[SPEAKER_03]
Don't you think they should show us the data on the 10 cases and don't you think they should show us what their rationale was for not having a black box warning in light of the evidence?

[SPEAKER_02]
Absolutely, I'm for transparency.
I'm for transparency, yeah.
It just makes sense to give people the information on this.
We had a mass rollout, a mass campaign, a mass rollout on this and then it's important to let people know what was this doing and this is true really for anything in medicine.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, so why do you think they're hiding the data?
Why aren't they releasing
their in-depth analysis showing that the public would benefit if we don't have a black box warning on the COVID shots.
That that will save lives by not having a black box warning.
Why don't they just disclose that analysis to people?

[SPEAKER_02]
Steve, I'd be speculating on what's going on behind closed doors, which I don't know, but I'll tell you that I am 100% in support of the argument that you're making.
I mean, I think if we had clear data on this stuff, understandable, not waiting for it to be processed by government
agencies or get into the peer-reviewed literature, possibly and massaged by different academic groups, but just put the data out there.
Really have clear data.
We can, you know, we can do it as a country.
Have that.
I think that was that that's what's really needed.

[SPEAKER_03]
So, uh, it'd be interesting for you to speculate as to the reason why we don't have that.
Did you want to go there, or do you want to take a pass on that one?

[SPEAKER_02]
Why we don't have the clear data?

[SPEAKER_03]
No, why they're not disclosing it.
They're not disclosing their... certainly they would have done extensive analysis to have made that decision that the public is best served without a black box warning.
Why aren't they making that document public?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, I like transparency.
I'm a big fan of transparency.
Even when I read the literature, I like to see like what is the raw data showing.
Don't just show me the odds ratio.
Don't show me after you've done the adjustments.
I want to see the raw numbers, what you're looking at.
It's interesting because you had a guest on here.
He was from the Czech Republic, and he was a researcher.
And he said, I think, that he did his PhD in statistics, but that he doesn't want to do the adjustments and stuff.
He likes to see the numbers now.
I think, if I recall correctly, he made that argument to you.
And basically, that's arguing for what I'm arguing for, and you as well, which is to show us the numbers, show us what happened, show us the deaths and whatnot, and have that information be publicly available.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, wouldn't that be great.
So for the case of McKenna, so McKenna is this drug that's given to women who are at risk of having a preterm... A recurrent preterm birth, women who had a prior preterm birth to give it to them to prevent another preterm birth.
Right, right.
And so this drug has been in use since 2003 and it was finally recalled by the FDA in like 2023
It's basically 20 years later.
And it was years later after this trial that proved that it didn't work, had conclusive results that it didn't work.
And even after they showed it didn't work, it still took, well, like three years before the FDA finally said, we're taking it off the market.
Yeah, you would think.
Now, but by the way, before the FDA finally made that move in 2023, I believe, to take McKenna off the market, before that time, were physicians still using it even after that, what is it, prolonged trial or whatever it was called, even after that trial showed that it didn't do shit?
And it actually was not beneficial at all.
Were physicians still using it even though they had the randomized data from the trial showing that this drug didn't work?
By the way, and it took 20 years because they had to enroll people in the trial.
And it took them basically 20 years to enroll people in the, it took,
It wasn't quite 20 years, but they started it in like 2010.
So it took them like 10 years to enroll people in the trial.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, it's a crazy story.
And I think the McKenna story, if anyone's interested in digging into it, really can teach us a lot about like what's wrong with our medical system and our society when it comes to medications.
It's an old drug actually.
It was used somewhat in the 50s and 60s but then it came into more widespread use for this preterm birth issue and this was starting in 2003 after the Mies trial.
It was just one study.
The Mies trial got published in the New England Journal of Medicine in 2003 and it looked,
it gave us statistically significant results showing benefit of the drug but there were lots of problems with the study.
The study just didn't look right and it was mostly because the placebo group had an incredibly high level of recurrent preterm birth so it didn't really look like the drug was effective but it looked like the placebo arm just had a crazy high rate of recurrent preterm birth.
But on that basis, the FDA approved it.
But it approved it with accelerated approval, which required a follow-up trial.
But the trouble then is once the FDA approved it, there's really no incentive for the company to do that follow-up trial.
And so it took years and years.
But meanwhile, the company's making a lot of profit on the use of the drug.
And this kept going on and people kept saying, well, we'll see what the prolonged trial shows.
That was the second trial.
And they were having recruitment difficulty, as you pointed out.
They ended up needing to recruit in Russia and Ukraine, as it was at the time, as well as the United States.
But there were...

[SPEAKER_03]
So the reason they had recruitment issues is because they wanted to recruit women who would be
who would be users of the drug, but any woman who would qualify to use the drug, they would want to have the drug for themselves so that they don't have a preterm baby.
And so they would be not likely to want to enroll in the trial because why take the risk if you've got a proven drug that works, right?
Is that the reason?

[SPEAKER_02]
That's right.
This is what's often said what actually happened in reality.
I don't know if that's the case, but I think that's probably does contribute to it is that once you've got a drug that's considered standard of care and ACOG did kind of make it the standard of care by saying it should be used, then it becomes more difficult to say, well, I'm going to be in the group that doesn't get the drug.
But it finally did come out.
That second trial came out in 2019 and showed that the drug didn't work and it was a bigger trial and it just did not work.
And I thought at that time, oh boy, you know, we're going to have to swing in action and pull it off the market right away.
And I called the Society for Maternal Fetal Medicine and said, you know, we got to jump on this.
I thought, you know, the way the system would work is the FDA would take immediate action, but it didn't.
It stayed on the market from 2019 until 2023 and got used by a lot more women.
And I still hear from those women.
And those are some of the
angriest women I hear from who say, I went to my doctor in 2021, two years after the second trial had failed.
And they still put me on that.
And I had no idea I was using or being injected every week with a drug that had failed its confirmatory trial.

[SPEAKER_03]
What the fuck is going on?
What is wrong with these people, these doctors?
The trial is out.
Everybody knows the trial is out.
It says the drug doesn't work.
Why aren't the doctors stopping use of the drug?
Explain that to me.

[SPEAKER_02]
To give the benefit of the doubt to my colleagues that were using it and I understand your anger and I feel the same way but to give the benefit of the doubt to my colleagues were using it, the professional medical societies were continuing to recommend it or recommend shared decision making.
and many of the patients still had desired it and many of the doctors had integrated into their practice at that point but I do think it points out something very important Steve which is that people get dug in so you're talking now say in
You've got now a physician who's been using it and injecting his pregnant patients with this for 17 years since 2003.
It's hard.
I think it's hard for many people to say, you know what?
I was doing the wrong thing for the last 17 years.
So people get dug in.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
So when the FDA then revokes it, I bet people stop using it because they can't, right?
They go to jail or they lose their license.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, now it's off the market and no one's using it anymore.
And I hope people learn the lesson from this which is that
When the corporate rollout happens, they're going to make the product, whether it's McKenna or vaccine or whatever, they're going to make it sound like it's incredibly safe, basically no risks, that it's incredibly effective, basically 100% effective to prevent preterm birth or prevent infection, and that it's going to improve your health.
As the public needs to realize, that's the corporate rollout.
But what's going to happen, the trajectory down the line is you're going to find out later that it's not as safe as it was sold, not as effective and didn't improve health.
That's often the path of medications.
I say it's like Milli Vanilli.
Milli Vanilli was that famous pop music group in the late 80s, early 90s.
They rolled them out.
They said, these guys, they look like models.
They sing.
You can't believe it.
They're super athletes helping the poor, doing all these things.
They won a Grammy Award.
They're sold with all this.
And then what did we find out?
They weren't actually singing the music.
It came out later.
So this is often how a lot of these pharmaceuticals work.
They rolled them out.
And with all of this fanfare,
it's the greatest thing you've ever seen and that's to push profits and that's what they're doing to try to increase sales and profits and get better profit for their shareholders but down the line what are you gonna see many times with these medications vaccinations pharmaceuticals and otherwise you're going to see they're not as safe as they were sold more risks less benefits not as effective and not improving health.

[SPEAKER_03]
So the
The McKenna story repeated itself with the COVID vaccines, like people are aware that
from real life.
But there unfortunately was not another study done showing that, OK, these vaccines kill people, which would be nice.
But it actually demonstrates that even if the COVID vaccines killed people, physicians would still recommend these shots for the same reasons, right?
And so it would not be until the FDA actually makes it illegal to give the COVID shots
that's when that's when they'll stop it's not going to be from the physicians noting that it's unsafe or it's let's say it's very unlikely oh like there were probably a couple like how many out of a hundred doctors how many doctors after the prolonged trial showed it didn't work how many doctors actually stopped prescribing McKenna

[SPEAKER_02]
I don't know the exact data, but I do know that it continued to get used in substantial numbers.
And part of that also was, as I said, I blame that somewhat on the professional medical societies, because ACOG and SFMFM, I thought they should have immediately said,
Look, it failed its second trial.
It failed the confirmatory trial.
It was a bigger trial.
We can't keep injecting pregnant women with a synthetic hormone that hasn't been shown to provide any benefit whatsoever.
But they didn't say that.
They kind of left it up in the air to share decision making.
And then people kind of stayed in their same practice patterns.
Would it have worn out or worn down over the years?
Possibly.
But the more effective way is to get it off the market.
And that's what was done.

[SPEAKER_03]
So it was a mistake for all of these societies not to go and say, we recommend you stop using this.
Is anything changed?
If this were repeated again today with another drug, they'd do the same darn thing that they did before, which is to just lay low until the FDA acts.

[SPEAKER_02]
I think what's happening there, Steve, though, is that, again, that's the same example I was giving.
This group in the middle that I always talk about, which really should be your protectors of the public, which are the professional medical societies, the regulators, the academic medical centers, the researchers, they really should be working on behalf of the public.
But many of them are funded by the pharmaceutical industry, and that's certainly two of our professional medical societies.
So they have an incentive to basically promote these things, the pharmaceuticals that are going to generate profit, going to drive this profit cycle because that profit cycle, the sales of these products helps to fund them.
And so that's a cycle that's hard to break.

[SPEAKER_03]
So what if if I was a reporter and I went to them and they actually then their media guy responded to me, which the media guys tend not to respond to me for some reason.
I can't figure out why.
But if I went to their media relations, I said, hey, how come you guys aren't stopping these shots?
You know, the prolonged trial show didn't work.
What's your rationale for continuing to recommend this?
They would just defer to the FDA and say, FDA hadn't taken it off the market.
We're waiting for their action.
Maybe they know something we don't know.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, I think that's probably what they would have said.
They also, you know, there was enough controversy created at the time where they said, well, there were two different groups that it was done in.
What was used at the time, the excuse used at the time was that the Mies trial or the original trial from 2003 was done solely in the United States.
in a predominantly black population.
This trial was done internationally and there was a racial difference.
And so they tried to use that and confuse the picture and do enough hand waving, I think to create like plausible deniability or create some story that allowed them to keep it on the market for the next four years.
I mean, many of us were suspicious that they were just trying to squeeze out as much profit as they could for these last years of the product, unfortunately.
But this is where, you know, people need to really be aware.
And they did drop the ball.
These societies did drop the ball.

[SPEAKER_03]
So were you the only guy, you know, you're running around like Chicken Little saying the sky is falling, McKenna is basically dangerous, and you're going like, you know, waving your hands saying don't use this thing.
Were you the only guy doing this?
Were you the only Chicken Little in the group?
In the medical community, were you Chicken Little?

[SPEAKER_02]
In this case, I think I was the Chicken Little.
I was probably the most outspoken on this.
I testified at the FDA a couple of times and I was writing editorials and things like that.
I think that there were others who were doubtful about it and researchers to their credit
Over the course of the life of McKenna, there were several researchers who did work observational studies casting doubt on whether this was actually working.
There were a few observational studies along the way.
So I think there was doubt about it in the medical community, some doubt, but I think when you stick your head out, there's some risk to that.
And so I think that people had concerns about doing that.
adamant because I really thought that it represented a threat and I think also it was a real betrayal in obstetrics because we used a drug called DES from the 1940s to 1970s and that was a synthetic hormone, a synthetic estrogen and that caused a lot of trouble.
We used it in millions of women over three or four decades and it caused congenital anomalies in the female
offspring and it caused cancers in them and it was a real disaster and all of us when we learn about this in training for OBGYN we all say you know we would never make allow that mistake to be made again.
We'd never treat pregnant women with synthetic hormones that didn't provide them with any benefit and that could hurt or injure them or expose them in their offspring
This is what all of us learned coming through medical school and residency.
And then here we go.
We were doing the same exact thing.
So it was that sort of outrage that prompted me to be active on this issue.
And fortunately, it was eventually we got to the right spot.
But getting to the right spot in medicine like this can take years, which goes back to the point we were talking about with debate, why debate's so important.
We don't want all of these things to take decades until we get them off the market or until we discover the harms.
We want to be able to get at this information in real time with more transparency of information as well as more open debate.
So Dr. Offit's reasoning that we're just gonna have to wait until we have a studies and let it go to peer review and take more time.
That sort of thing might work for the pharmaceutical industry profits, but it doesn't work for the benefits of patients and the public.

[SPEAKER_03]
Okay, so did you talk to your peers after the prolonged trial came out and said, hey, look at this, this thing shows that the drug didn't work.
We need to be speaking out in unison.
I don't want to be the only chicken little here.
Why don't you join me and we can be the chicken littles.
And, you know, there could be 20 of us or 30 of us or 40 of us.
Like, what kind of response did you get from your fellow physicians when you approach them to join you in the getting the word out?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, it's a good question, Steve.
I guess I don't like to pressure people.
And I think that I didn't do so much of that, more trying to lead by example.
I think that a lot of them felt like, yeah, we have this trial.
But a lot of them were deferring to what the professional societies were still saying at that time.
There were a group of us, though, that by the time of the 2022 advisory committee, we had gathered up
midwives, researchers, et cetera.
There were some other folks that testified at that 2022 advisory committee meeting.
And I think that really helped those folks that did provide testimony, did help to have a united front there.
I'm not sure exactly what the FDA would have done if there weren't any pushback, if it would have stayed around.
But fortunately, there was a 2019 advisory committee meeting.
Then there was another one in 2022.
Fortunately, we had more pushback by the 2022 meeting.
And then into 2023, they finally pulled it off the market.

[SPEAKER_03]
So are there any good drugs that women should take during or after pregnancy?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, you're asking a great question.
This is the issue that comes up.
What I try to tell patients is that we can and do treat things during pregnancy as needed.
So we don't tell moms that have a medical issue that you just have to suffer and do poorly.
If you've got, for example,
high blood pressure.
We don't say you just leave that untreated until you have a stroke.
Or if you've got epilepsy, we don't say you just leave that untreated while you continue to seize.
So we do use medications in pregnancy, but it always has to be a balancing act.
And the realization that people need to have goes back to what I was saying earlier, which is that chemicals have consequences.
This is true for any human being.
If you're taking a chemical and ingesting it, it's going to have chemical effects in the body.
So this is why you always need to balance the effects with whatever kind of benefit you're having.
In pregnancy, it's particularly important because those chemical effects are not just on the mom, but on the baby as well.
So the rule of thumb we try to follow is to use the fewest medications, the shortest periods of time, the lowest doses, but while still taking care of the mom, depending on what the condition is that we're treating.

[SPEAKER_03]
Okay.
SSRIs and pregnancy.
What should we all know?

[SPEAKER_02]
The things to know about SSRIs and pregnancy are that
The SSRIs in pregnancy are having a significant effect on pregnancy complications as well as on fetal development.
It's a fairly easy argument to understand.
There's complexity to it, but there's fairly easy if you sort of build up from the ground up.
The sort of common sense is that serotonin plays a crucial role in fetal development.
Serotonin, the molecule or compound, plays a crucial role in fetal development.
The SSRIs disrupt the serotonin system.
So therefore, we'd expect them to disrupt fetal development.
So that's a sort of common sense approach.
And so you say, you know, as a scientific guy that you are, Steve, you say, okay, I get it.
I get the logic there.
Serotonin plays a crucial role in fetal development.
These drugs disrupt that system, so they're going to disrupt fetal development.
But is there like basic science?
Is there research on this?
There is.
They do studies on neurons where if you add SSRIs to neurons, you can see effects on the neuron.
They don't branch as much.
A neuron should have like nice, beautiful branching patterns.
But if you put increasing doses, the study I'm thinking of now used paroxetine or Paxil, you see decreased branching of the neurons.
Researchers also do these things with brain organoids, which are these models or molecules that can like form a brain basically, but when they administer SSRIs to them, they get disruption in that formation.
So now we've got common sense, which is number one.
Number two, we've got basic science.
Then number three are the animal studies.
So if you give these drugs, the SSRIs, and these are drugs like Prozac, Zoloft, Selexa, Lexapro, et cetera, Paxil.
If you give these drugs in studies, randomized controlled studies to rats, mice, sheep, zebrafish, et cetera, you see impact on development.
You see, for example, with the rat and mouse study, smaller litters, they'll have fewer pups.
They'll have often smaller pups.
When they look at the pup size smaller, when they look at the pup brain size smaller, they'll have shorter gestations.
We see this in the sheep studies.
When they're administering the sheep, the sheep will have shorter gestations.
And then they'll behave differently after they're born.
Immediately after they're born, we'll see effects in the animal studies.
And then what we're also seeing in the animal studies are long-term effects.
on these rats and mice.
Typically, they're done rat and mice study.
So what kind of long-term effects do we see?
We see differences in, for example, fear response.
We see difference in social behavior.
Many of the researchers who do these studies, and there have been dozens, hundreds of them, many of the researchers who do these studies say that it's like autistic-like behavior that we're seeing in the offspring that were exposed to SSRIs and utero.
And then the other area where we see differences is in the sexual functioning.
So male mice and male rats that were exposed to SSRIs and utero behave different sexually in many of the studies.
They do these studies where they look for
how often they're mounting females, how often they're ejaculating, etc.
And they're finding differences.
So what you see with the animal studies is you see disruption of development, which again, you thought from number one, common sense tells you that.
Number two, the basic science told you that was going to happen.
And then number three, the animal studies are showing it.
So then the fourth layer of this is you get to the human studies and what do we see in the human studies?
We see basically what we are seeing in the animal studies.

[SPEAKER_03]
Why did you even need to go to human studies at that point, right?

[SPEAKER_02]
Good question, Steve.
They want to show it.
They want to look at it in the human stuff.
They're actually looking at it in an observational fashion.
And they find miscarriage, birth defects, preterm birth, low birth weight, preeclampsia, postpartum hemorrhage, and then newborn problems.

[SPEAKER_03]
Okay, so SSRI should be totally avoided during pregnancies, right?

[SPEAKER_02]
So this you're jumping now to a very important question.
So my main thing is to get people to understand the risks of these drugs right now, which really is a befuddled lot of people right now.
Pregnant women are still coming into my office and saying that the only counseling they got on them
on these drugs are that they're safe in pregnancy and they don't affect the baby.
I mean, that's still the word that's getting out to many women.
And in fact, it's not just coming to them from nowhere.
There was a recent editorial in the New England Journal of Medicine where three researchers who had been doing a fair bit of research in this area for years
concluded that there may be no risk of significant problems.
And we can get into why they said this.
They're looking at epidemiologic studies after they've adjusted or massaged the data.
But this information is still getting out to women.
So my big issue, Steve, is
not to tell women what to do.
I always try to make this point.
Suffering and depression can be an awful thing and so I don't tell women what to do and that's really not my point.
I think women need compassion and I support what decision they make.
Everybody's mental health is different but women need the information regarding risk on this so they can make a proper risk benefit analysis and a proper decision and right now the label, the FDA label does not have anything on them
except for the risk of postpartum hemorrhage, newborn complications, and persistent pulmonary hypertension of the newborn.
And that's just not what the evidence shows.
The evidence is showing all of these other things.
So when people ask me, as you did,
What should an individual woman do?
I don't mean to sound like I'm dodging it, but there's no one-size-fits-all answer.
And I have patients who come in who say, Adam or Dr. Urato, I've been on this drug for 10 years, and I've tried to come off, and I really can't come off.
And I know my brain, and I don't do well, and I've decided that I'm going to stay on this medication.
I don't fight with that patient, Steve.
I don't go against her.
I'll support her, but I want to make sure that she's at least got the right information on risks of the drugs, which right now, based on the information out there and based on the label, the patients are not getting.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right, so it'd be awesome if you had a drug which when administered to the mother caused the infant to have an IQ that's doubled what it would be otherwise or, you know, like wouldn't it be great to have a drug that actually always did something like super positive and
No side effect.
Is there any kind of drug that is just this no-brainer?
I mean, like ivermectin may be the closest thing to something like that, where it's a potent antiviral with very low side effects.

[SPEAKER_02]
Steve, this is actually a good point you're making and this is the way it's being sold to women actually.
I don't know if it's the pharmaceutical industry or whatnot, but they're spinning it so that they're using the mom's maternal instinct to try to have a good outcome for her baby.
They're using that to say, look, you want a good outcome for your baby, then the thing to do is to take these medications because they regulate your mood.
And by regulating your mood, you are feeling better and you'll have better outcomes.
But to get back to what you're always focusing on, which is what does the science say?
That's not what the science shows.
What the science shows again and again in human studies, when you compare the women that stay on SSRIs to the women that come off of that, you see more complications in the SSRI users.
You see more preterm birth.
You see more miscarriage.
You see more NICU admissions for the babies ending up in the NICU.
This happens again and again and again.
So there's something flawed about the model.
The model that's being paraded out for women nowadays is the one you were almost describing there.
This thing, this amazing drug that regulates the mood and then by doing that, they have improved outcomes.
And they also include in some of these newspaper articles, if the mom stops it, she really puts herself at risk for complications.
But they're putting this information out to the public and it's not what the science shows.
When you compare users to non-users or continuers to discontinuers, the continuers are where the complications are.
It actually, early in my career, I studied smoking in pregnancy before I got into some of these other things and the literature on this
SSRIs looks very much like the smoking literature, which is that if you look at women who continue smoking during pregnancy versus the discontinuers, the continuers have much higher rates of all the complications.
And so we're seeing the same thing.
So what it makes you think is it's a chemical exposure effect.
This is a chemical exposure, chemical harm effect on the mom, on the baby, on the pregnancy because it's disrupting serotonin.
It looks just like the smoking data.
which means we need to be counseling women about this.
Again, not telling them what to do regarding how they treat their mental health, but counseling them that this is what the scientific evidence shows.
And I'm calling for a boxed warning on this because I think it rises to that level.
The discussion actually, I know I'm rambling a little bit, but the discussion doesn't need to be had.
It's more important not with pregnant women per se, but really with women of childbearing age.
This kind of message needs to get out to the public and to docs that take care of women of childbearing age because so many of the patients I see have been started on their med when they were
20, 25, in college, after college, and where pregnancy is not even on their radar, but now they've been on it for 5, 10, 15 years, and it's difficult to come off these drugs.
That's another major issue with that.
You've had on your show, I think, Kim Witzak, who talks about this, how
when the medication was started on her husband, there was just no real informed consent about what these drugs can do and what's coming down the line.
And Laura Delano actually has a very good book on this, a recent book on this describing her experience.
And again, she was started on these things.
There's not a lot of informed consent and almost no discussion about pregnancy.
And then it's very hard to come off.
And then these women end up pregnant and I see them.
So that's why I've petitioned, I've done an FDA petition
along with a colleague to ask for a boxed warning on these pregnancy complications that I'm describing as well as the impact on fetal brain development.

[SPEAKER_03]
So you think that's going to happen?

[SPEAKER_02]
I'm very hopeful about this.
I think there's a lot of pushback.
There's been a lot of pushback since we had this July meeting.
We had a July FDA roundtable expert panel that Livio had the clip on to start.
A lot of the information that came out of that, they were saying they're looking at taking away these medications from pregnant women, which wasn't true.
The panel was accused of misinformation, that sort of thing.
So there's been a lot of pushback.
But I try to make it clear that we're not looking at taking away anybody's medication.
And the misinformation actually was coming not from myself or many of the other panelists, but from the media coverage afterwards.
When you read these stories, Steve, when you read these stories and they're saying, look, moms have to be careful coming off of these because they'll have more preterm birth.
They'll do worse in terms of their obstetrical outcomes.
That's not what the evidence shows.
Another thing that bothered me from that panel and the media coverage afterwards is they said that we didn't talk about the research evidence, but one of the most important things I wanted to focus on was there have been 12 MRI studies now, 12 consecutive MRI studies, human MRI studies, Steve, that have looked at human brains in babies, newborns, infants, even children up to I believe age 14 that have looked at their brains after being exposed to SSRIs and utero.
and all 12 of them have found brain changes.
So we're seeing these brain changes.
So the question I ask at the panel is, if we're not going to warn the public after 12 consecutive MRI studies on this, when are we going to warn the public about the effect on the developing fetal brain?
What's the answer?
Is it 20 studies that we need to have?

[SPEAKER_03]
40, 50, 100, 100,000, maybe a million.
Maybe after a million studies,
a million consecutive studies that will warn the public.
What do you think?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, this is what keeps me up.
This is what drives me crazy because, and it's not like, wow, why are we seeing, why are we seeing that if you for show for flashing up our citizen petition that we submitted back in September.

[SPEAKER_03]
Have you heard back from that by the way?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, we did hear that they are looking at this.
We've heard that they're looking at this and I'm hopeful.
I'm hopeful because I think that our point is a good one and it's supported by the scientific evidence and I think it's also crucially important.
Never before in human history have we altered fetal development or fetal brain development in this way.
We know the serotonin system as I started with plays a crucial role in fetal development and now we're giving anywhere between 5 to 10% of pregnant women medications they're taking that alter the serotonin system, that alter fetal brain development.
And so this is having ramifications.
We're seeing it in the MRI studies.
We're seeing it in the behavioral studies.
And so I think it's really of crucial importance that this word gets out there and that also people connect the dots because every day in my office, I'm seeing not only SSRI use, but Adderall and ADHD medications and medications down the line.
We've really gotten away from the precautionary principle in pregnancy of avoiding medication exposure.
We are the most medicated, the most heavily medicated humans to ever walk the planet and it's bleeding over, it's leaking over now into pregnancy where we're having the most heavily medicated fetuses to ever exist on the planet.
This is what's happening and it's important for people to be aware of this because it is important, it is affecting fetal development.

[SPEAKER_03]
Can't be good.
So, alright, I'm out of questions.

[SPEAKER_05]
Fantastic conversation a couple things I wanted to follow up on Steve earlier you were asking about doctors in Massachusetts that had their license revoked.
And yes there were I'm going to share my screen here.
In fact I actually know
Here we go.
Dr. Mary Kelly Sutton, and I think she's still in the midst of a lawsuit, and there are several others here who lost their medical license in Massachusetts.
And what did she do?
I believe.

[SPEAKER_03]
Treatment of three patients below the standard of care.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
Repeated occasion where she issued immunization exemptions to 18.
Oh, my God.
Completing appropriate examinations.
Oh, my gosh.
Yeah.
So I got to meet her last year and she was in the midst of a lawsuit.
So I don't know where that is at to this day and revoked her license.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
So, yeah, Massachusetts for an immunization exemption.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
Wow.
Career limiting move.
Holy shit.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
So, yeah, to eight, to eight children, eight children.
Oh my gosh.
End of the world.
Yeah.
And she wasn't the only one.
I wonder, I wonder why the parents would be asking for an immunization exemption.
Like even if the doctor wanted to give them an exemption, the parents don't have to use it.

[SPEAKER_05]
Exactly.

[SPEAKER_03]
What's the harm?
And what did it say that she improperly issued it or what's the.

[SPEAKER_05]
It says here she issued immunization exemptions to each other without completing appropriate examinations.

[SPEAKER_03]
Oh, my.
Bring her on next.
Oh, my.
Didn't have appropriate examinations.
In whose opinion?
That's the thing.
What's an appropriate examination?
Who determines that?
Who is God here?
Dr. Urato, what is an appropriate examination for an immunization exemption?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, I don't know the specifics of that case, but the mandates are and were obviously a huge problem.
I saw this during the pandemic.
The fact that we were forcing anyone, this is true for anyone, but I see it with obviously my pregnant patients.
Many of them had real legitimate concerns.
The product had just been rolled out.
And the notion that immediately it was stamped as safe and effective in pregnancy completely fine.
Many of my patients, you know, would come in and they weren't comfortable with being injected with something during their pregnancy.
But the mandates were being enforced upon them.
These coercive mandates was just cruel and a horrible time for them.
And yeah, clearly, clearly a major problem.

[SPEAKER_03]
Were these immunization exemptions for the COVID vaccine, Livio?
Yes.
Who needs an examination on that one?
You have to examine whether the patient's alive or not.
If they're alive, they should get an exemption.
They should have their medical license taken away if they don't give someone an immunization exemption.
If you're alive and you want an immunization exemption against COVID vaccine, that should be an automatic grant.
She should have her license taken away.
If she doesn't do that, where are these people coming from?
Agreed.
Yeah, it's egregious.

[SPEAKER_02]
Do you understand that?
I think the pendulum is moving in the direction.
I'm hopeful that the pendulum is moving in the direction of understanding that if you are coercive and with these mandates, which are mandates by their nature are coercive, that you're really not, it's not a process of informed consent or informed choice for the patient.
and that that is a huge problem in medicine and with caring for patients in our community that I witnessed it firsthand.
I mean, I don't think anybody, I use pregnant women, but this applies to even non-pregnant patients that you're forcing a pregnant woman to have a substance injected into her during her pregnancy with the threat of loss of her livelihood or other untoward outcomes for her.
completely coercive, completely unethical, and just cruel from a human standpoint.
Yeah, but the mandates are a huge problem.

[SPEAKER_05]
Unbelievable.
I wanted to ask you about the percentage of women that you know of that are on SSRIs while they're pregnant, and then what percentage of the babies are having adverse effects afterwards?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, so this is a great question.
In the United States, it's probably between 5% and 10%.
It depends on the study and the community you look at.
And so that's the number of women that are on it.
To answer your other question about how many babies are having effects, it's a large number of babies that we can see effects in.
So you often hear SSRI advocates say they're rare, complications are rare.
but they're not.
If you look at one of my recent tweets, they did a study.
It was unrelated.
It was just looking at women taking SSRIs.
The purpose of the study was to look at breastfeeding.
But if you look carefully at that study, the group of women
who were taking SSRIs throughout their pregnancy, the rate of admission to the NICU was, I believe it was 27.8%.
You can look at my Twitter feed.
It was a very high rate.
So you're talking about almost one in three babies ending up in the NICU with the moms on SSRIs through the pregnancy from that study.
When ACOG put out their policy statement on mental health in pregnancy, they quoted a rate of symptoms
up to 85% in babies that are exposed in utero.
And some of the studies show preterm birth rates of 25% higher than that.
Other ones are more like 14-15%.
So we're seeing a substantial number of complications in babies when their moms are on SSRIs.
And then the other issue is that a lot of these are like gross complications like the baby ended up in the NICU or the birth was preterm.
But the other question is what kind of subtle brain changes are occurring?
For example, when we look at some of the studies that look at fetal movement in utero, there are at least two studies that have looked at fetal movement in utero of SSRI users, and you can see the kids moving differently or behaving differently.
They're not quiescent like they should be.
Babies in utero should have periods of activity and periods of quiescence.
These studies are showing that the babies are moving, moving, moving.
And this is what we see after they're born as well.
We see this in the NICU or in the nursery.
Now that might not get put down as a complication like going to the NICU that might not land them in the NICU, but that's a side effect.
That's an issue.
That's impact on the developing fetal brain.

[SPEAKER_05]
Wow.
And when you see your patient for the first time, if they are on SSRIs, do you, because as you mentioned earlier, coming off of them or tapering off can be very challenging depending on how long they've been on and other factors.
Do you try to help them once they're pregnant or what happens if you inform them about the possibilities of what happens with the baby?
Do you help them get off?
Is there some sort of off-ramp once they're pregnant?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, super important question.
So the best time to do this counseling or the best time for them to be thinking about it as I was saying was when they're starting the drug before they're actually pregnant and as to consider like, am I gonna be able to get off this because we know withdrawal is a major issue with the SSRIs.
It's hard for some folks to come off of them.
So they need to think about it upfront.
I often will do preconceptional counseling
And I would say of the women I speak to preconceptionally, so before they get pregnant, of the women I speak to, it may be about, this is a rough estimate, but 50-50 where they'll decide to stop and the other 50% may decide to stay on.
Of the group that decides to come off, I don't typically manage the withdrawal.
I'm not a mental health professional.
I'm a maternal fetal medicine specialist, but I recommend they do that with their mental health provider who can see them regularly and kind of work
with them on a very micro basis in lowering the doses.
Now the sort of wisdom about this is that the best approach is hyperbolic tapering or gradual tapering, gradual slow tapering to try to come off these to give the brain a chance to adjust to each dosage reduction.
So that would happen preconceptionally.
During pregnancy, it's interesting because about half of women when they get pregnant, they stop these.
And the other half will continue.
Of the group that stops or wants to stop, I usually follow the same technique which is to have them do it with their mental health provider.
But many women are able to successfully do this during pregnancy.
Again, it's not that I'm saying that that's what they should do.
I always make it clear to my patient that only they know their mental health.
I try to be humble, humble in the face of my patients as well.
I don't know how their brains work and I don't know how the drug is working in their brain and in their life.
Overall, when we look at the evidence of benefit for SSRIs in the studies, the randomized controlled studies, it looks overall like they have very minimal benefit.
Most of the trials last about eight, 12 weeks, something like that.
And when they look at the RCTs, you have about a two-point difference on a 52-point scale, which is considered not clinically significant.
But I trust my patients and if they tell me, look, this is working for me and this is how my brain works, then that's the decision they make.
And then I continue to support them and take good care of them through the pregnancy.
So I do support my patients.
But my big issue is to make sure that they know what the evidence is showing, particularly in terms of in terms of risks and then support them in the decision they make.

[SPEAKER_05]
Excellent.
I want to bring on Nurse Angela before we get to audience questions.
She has a question or something to ask.
So let me bring on Nurse Angela.
Welcome to VSRF Live.
Thank you for being here.
How are you?

[SPEAKER_00]
I'm doing great.
It's so great to see you guys.
It's nice to pop in every once in a while.
I'm usually so busy behind the scene with patients, but it's nice to come on.
My question for you is, with those three patients that you had, did you happen to figure out after the fact what caused the blood clots?
Like did they get diagnosed with antiphospholipid syndrome or any other clotting issue?

[SPEAKER_02]
No, I think in all three cases, their evaluation for thrombophilia or for blood clotting tendency was negative.
So this was an unexplained blood clot after at least one or in a couple of the cases, I think it was two normal pregnancies.

[SPEAKER_00]
Which is so unusual because I, in the 17 years that I took care of high risk pregnancies, I had several patients that were on blood thinners.
But one of the really unique things about being pregnant is that is, you know, if you have a clotting disorder, it's discovered very early on because generally these patients miscarry.
And then they get worked up and tested and they'll either have Factor V Leiden or some other clotting issues.
So I did high-risk ultrasounds, non-stress tests on a lot of these pregnant moms that were on blood thinners.
And in the 17 years I was a charge nurse at this hospital, I was trying to think back if I had anybody that actually had a blood clot
without a clotting disorder.
And the only case I can think of is somebody that was on a flight for 16 hours and didn't get up and walk and had a clot in the leg.
But that to me would be very unusual to have three patients who had total normal pregnancies, normal deliveries, and then all of a sudden get the COVID shot and then end up with blood clots.
And what I'm seeing with a vaccine injured is this antiphospholipid syndrome.
And we have Cody, who's in Florida, who is 21,
and got a shot and then ended up with it.
And then my mother got a booster and immediately threw a clot in her eye.
So it's one of the things that I'm seeing and it's just so unfortunate.
The other really horrible outcome of COVID in pregnancy and delivery, I've heard horrible stories.
And I don't know if you've seen this at your hospital, but the way pregnant women were treated
during COVID, prior to the vaccines rolling out, they would come in, of course, they'd test everybody, whether they were symptomatic or not.
And if they had COVID, there were several women that were talked into having C-sections because the doctors didn't want to labor them and have them, you know, be in labor for days or, you know, have them push and expose the nurses and doctors.
So I had a couple people reach out to me with that.
I had lots of patients tell me,
that they were alone in the room.
There would be decels happening and the nurse would come in and kind of roll them over and give them extra fluids, change their position, and then walk back out.
And when I staffed our labor and delivery unit, we always did one-to-one nursing.
When pregnant mommas were active and pushing, the nurse was always at the bedside.
And it's so important to have that care.
And it was such a tragedy because these women labored alone.
They had minimal care because
the nurses and doctors were so afraid to be in the room.
Did you notice that at all where you delivered babies or?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, I think the rules were crazy.
I think the rules were crazy at the time, having moms trying to push with a mask on during labor.
But I think this gets back to the point Steve was making earlier, which is where was all the discussion about is this good?
Does this make sense?
What's the evidence for this?
Is this good for our pregnant patients?
It wasn't there.
We didn't really have this free and open dialogue on it.
And that's unfortunate.
Yeah, I think there was a lot problematic.
I appreciate your sharing those stories.
I mean, there was a lot of in the hospitals and out a lot of crazy things.

[SPEAKER_00]
crazy things that were not based on science.
I mean, most of these nurses and doctors had already had COVID.
I mean, it was going around like crazy and a lot of the patients were asymptomatic coming in.
Who knows if the tests were even accurate, but they were treated like they had the plague just because their swab came back positive.
They came in in labor and they get this COVID diagnosis and now they're all of a sudden they're completely isolated, abandoned and given very minimal care.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, I had a patient who they thought the baby was not growing on ultrasound.
And so I'm the specialist who would naturally look at that.
But they said, you know, what are we going to do?
Because she had COVID.
I said, what are we going to do?
We have to see her and do an ultrasound to make sure she's doing OK and that the baby's doing OK. Yeah, I think it was a crazy time.
People were wondering, like, we forgot how to care for people.
Like, what are we going to do with a mom if the baby's not growing?
Like, we need to see her and figure out if the baby's growing and take good care of her.

[SPEAKER_00]
Exactly.
I mean, as as medical providers, that's what we do, we take even with people that have infectious diseases, I had a mom once that had necrotizing fasciitis group strip A, and unfortunately, she passed away from it.
But and I coded her for hours with with the doctors and the team, but there was no way I was gonna like back out of the room or not take care of her or not try and save her life because she had
this flesh eating bacteria.
It's just what we do.
And for some reason, COVID made medical professionals do really crazy things.
I mean, yeah, they could dance in the hallways and do TikTok videos.
They had time to do that.
And, you know, but actually being at the bedside, I mean, I know tons of amazing nurses and doctors that would never do that.
But I'm hearing these anecdotals of people emailing me
telling me their labor and delivery horror stories, and it just blows my mind.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, we got off track.
But one of the things I think that keeps you on track as a society, maybe as a human being, is discussing these things, debating them, and not hiding behind official proclamations or whatever.
And that really was an important lesson from it.
Yeah.
Well, thank you so much.

[SPEAKER_05]
Thank you, Angela, so much for coming on and asking those questions.
Appreciate you and happy holidays.

[SPEAKER_00]
Happy holidays.
Merry Christmas.
Happy New Year.
I can't wait to see everybody in the new year.
And yeah, well, we'll talk soon.
Great.

[SPEAKER_05]
I'm going to get to some questions, Adam, from the audience as fast as I can here because I know we're running really long.
From Janet, Dr. Urato, pregnancy is often treated as a medical condition rather than a natural biological process.
How did we get here?
And why do so many medical interventions become routine in pregnancy, even when the evidence supporting them is weak or incomplete?

[SPEAKER_02]
Great question.
I think probably there's good motivations for that and then there's a downside.
There's the bad motivations like I talked about earlier.
I mean, I think that pregnancy and childbirth, there can be catastrophes.
There can be morbidity and mortality.
I see that, you know, postpartum hemorrhage.
It can be dangerous.
There are risks to that.
But it's also oftentimes a normal natural process.
So I think that what happens is that people want to avoid the disaster, so they intervene.
That intervention then happens across the board.
And so a lot of people are getting more intervention than they might need.
So that's probably the people coming at it with a good heart, wanting to do the right thing and make sure we have a healthy mom and baby at the end of the delivery, at the end of the gestation.
And probably coming from a good heart and leading to over intervention because you want the best for the patient.
But the other aspect of it that's not good is that whenever you're intervening or whenever you have medications, interventions, technologies to apply, there becomes a profit motive to these things.
And the more intervention, the more tests you send, the more you do, the more profit you can generate.
And so you end up with these systems of doing too much.
A good example is like McKenna to go back to that, not to keep perseverating on it.
But it is important to try to prevent preterm birth.
And so that was coming from a good place.
But McKenna didn't work to do that.
But then once it started getting used, it was generating profit.
It was generating money, which could then be used to fund the professional medical societies, the experts, research, et cetera, that then continue that cycle.
It becomes like a cash cycle.
and then you end up with over intervention.
Sometimes I get asked why don't the forces of like non-intervention have that same cycle in order to work against that like why don't we have it but the answer is probably obvious to use it.
We don't have a product that we're selling that can then sponsor the cash cycle
And so we can't sponsor telling people to understand the risks of SSRIs isn't going to be sponsored by anyone.
I'm not sponsored by anyone.
I actually also want to make that clear.
I didn't say that at the start of the broadcast.
I have no disclosures.
I have no financial disclosures.
I've been doing this work for the last 20 years, probably thousands of hours by now,
just because I'm committed to it and I want what's best for patients and the public.
And that's not to pat myself on the back, but just to make clear, someone on Twitter asked me if I was a grifter doing this.
I don't even know who would be sponsoring me.
I don't have any product to sell anyone.
And I think that it's important to keep in mind where that information is coming from.

[SPEAKER_05]
Bright blue, I hope that answered your question of that last little bit that Adam just mentioned about being sponsored.
That question that you answered was in the queue.
So thank you for getting out in front of that.
Question from Marie F65.
What do you think about the idea of recently retired or soon to retire professors of medicine being recruited as reviewers for journals?
Seems like they'd be interested in good science in their fields.

[SPEAKER_02]
I think that's a great question for MarieF65.
I love it.
I think it's important to try and I think what she's getting at is this importance of trying to get this middle group I'm always talking about, the regulators, the reviewers or whatever who are unentangled with industry, who don't have these financial entanglements or try to get them as free as possible.
I think it's a good idea to try to look for people.
Ideally, we want
reviewers and experts and professional medical societies that are working day and night, this group here working day and night on behalf of the public and not being paid by the pharmaceutical industry.
So it would be great to have to be using folks like that as a workforce to try to get patients voices and information that doesn't have financial entanglements.

[SPEAKER_05]
True.
A question from OSIRUsoft.
Given your profession, do you vaccinate or administer the vitamin K shot?

[SPEAKER_02]
This is something that the pediatricians do.
I don't, I'm not doing that myself.
I'm a high-risk obstetrician so I'm doing mostly ultrasound and counseling in the office and then I deliver babies.
I still maintain my practice delivering babies but then hand them over to the pediatricians.

[SPEAKER_05]
Great.
A putney asks, what prenatal vitamins do you have your clients take and when should they start taking them before becoming pregnant?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, prenatal vitamins are an interesting subject because
I encourage my patients to take a basic prenatal vitamin probably starting whatever one to three months before conception is going to be okay.
When it's been studied, it looks like there's question about how much of an impact it actually has in developed countries and in people with good nutritional status or who have a good background diet.
It probably plays a bigger role in countries where there's malnutrition or other vitamin and mineral deficiencies.
But for most people, the most important thing isn't the prenatal vitamin.
For most women, the important thing in pregnancy is just trying to follow good basic diet guidelines, avoiding processed foods, avoiding too many concentrated sweets, things like that.
And then trying to optimize the other things in their life which is like activity.
Activity is a good idea.
for avoiding, for example, gestational diabetes for your own mental health, trying to optimize sleep, your relationships, sunlight, all the basic stuff that's important for health.

[SPEAKER_05]
Great, great.
Question from JMF11.
How well does medicine track long-term developmental outcomes for children exposed to medications in utero?

[SPEAKER_02]
That is a terrific question and I think that that's a major problem.
Even the studies now, we're trying to do studies for example on SSRI exposure and looking long-term but many of them there's challenges there to trying to follow up the kids.
Even now I'm being asked going back to McKenna
I got an email this morning actually where the woman had been exposed in one of her four pregnancies.
A little odd how that must have happened.
She must have had a preterm birth to start and then with her second one they decided to put her on and she didn't like that and so she didn't do it for her next two I'm guessing but that child has issues and so is that due to the McKenna?
We never know and I tell my patients never to blame themselves
But I don't think we've got good follow up studies on these a lot of these exposures where we're able to actually follow up the exposed children offspring for years into the future.
I mean, that would be a great way to know to actually collect that data and see.
But it's lacking for a lot of a lot of exposures.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, I agree.
That would be nice to know to track those if that was ever really possible.
One more question from the audience.
Dr. Laura asks, in my experience, you can get these patients, and this is regarding SSRIs or antidepressants, I believe.
In my experience, you can get these patients to a far reduced dose fairly quickly, but that it is the last tens milligrams that is the hardest to wean off.
What is the fastest you have weaned?
Or maybe I've seen someone get weaned off.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
So Dr. Laura's point is a good one.
And this goes back to what people say about hyperbolic tapering.
So the idea is that early along when you take an SSRI, even a low dose of SSRI, you get significant receptor saturation.
And so that happens at even low doses.
And so then the additional dosing above that
it's a level off increase so there's a rapid rise and then it levels off so that when people are coming down they're often able to do fine because they're on this part of the curve.
But it's when they're getting to the last doses as she's describing here that it becomes very difficult because then you really talk about dropping receptor occupancy.
And so what she's describing is what people I think are now finding or the teaching.
That being said, I've had a lot of patients who stop.
The research evidence shows that as well.
The studies show that.
They find out they're pregnant and they stop.
And so that for some seems to fly in the face of what people are saying about the difficulty of withdrawal.
And I think people haven't been able to explain that except for the fact that maybe some of those women are more recent starters or recent users.
And that's why they're able to stop so readily or that the pregnancy represents an important thing in their life changes.
And there's a lot of brain chemicals that are changing at that point.
Not that pregnancy is uniformly protective for mental health issues.
That's actually not the case, but that things can change for people.
So to answer her question, I'm not the one doing the tapering for the patients.
I'm not tapering them.
I don't take that mental health role, but I know that a lot of patients immediately stop and some of them are able to do that okay.
That's not the recommendation because enough evidence of difficulty with withdrawal.

[SPEAKER_05]
I wanted to ask one more question before I before we let you go and thank you for your generosity of your time tonight.
When we met you mentioned that they're still pregnant women are being recommended for vaccines while they're pregnant.
Can you tell the audience what those are why they're still being recommended.
Are you recommending them.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, right now, this is something relatively new, by the way.
I mean, we didn't do this when I was training in the late 90s.
We didn't do this early in my career.
This came into practice around 2010, I think, where we started using Tdap late in pregnancy and as well as the flu vaccine during flu season.
Now, additional to that, there's the COVID vaccine that is being recommended and RSV vaccine.
So now pregnancy during the pregnant time period, depending on when she's pregnant, she can be offered those four vaccines, Tdap, Flu, COVID and RSV.
And I get asked every day, my patients, I will tell you, it might just be my community, but I think the statistics show a lot of patients have concerns with that.
And they'll ask often like,
How do we know what affects this?
We've never done this before.
How do we know what affects this is having on the mom or on the baby like on me?
The patients ask those questions and it's a good question and we really don't.
And I tell people that people need to understand with a lot of these things that like the experiment is ongoing with this stuff.
And if they ask me, well, when's it going to be done?
Well, the experiment's ongoing and you're part of it.
That's basically what's happening is that we're doing an experiment.
We've never given four vaccines routinely to pregnant women.
We just don't have the data on the effect of that, on what that's doing in terms of their pregnancy and in terms of fetal development.
Now, I understand you can try to make an argument and people do for those four conditions.
But when you look at that in total, we've never done this before.
And each time you give the mom a vaccine, you're injecting her with chemicals.
And there's going to be chemical effects from everything I've said before.
You're also causing maternal immune activation.
You have to activate her immune system in order for her to have a response to the vaccine.
So you're causing multiple episodes of maternal immune activation to these vaccines while she's pregnant.
Do we really know the effect that has on the pregnant woman, on the pregnancy, on her developing baby long-term?
We don't.
As I said, in that sense, it's an experiment that we're doing currently on pregnant women.
It's just that we're not making that clear to the patients that we really don't have that data.

[SPEAKER_05]
It's heartening to hear that they're at least asking and questioning it versus just accepting it.
It gives me a little hope that people are questioning what they're putting in their bodies when they're going to bring a newborn into life.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, I just want to comment on that because I really respect the moms I take care of and they're bright women, they're strong women, they want the best they can for their pregnancy.
And it really bothered me when during COVID and even now, when these women are like, I mean, are we sure it's okay to give me all these shots during my pregnancy?
When a woman's saying that and we say, oh, she's questioning these, she's a victim of misinformation.
She's not a victim of misinformation.
She's a bright, intelligent pregnant woman who's concerned that we're injecting her four times during her pregnancy.
And we've only started doing that since 2015 or whatever.

[SPEAKER_05]
That should be the default.
Ask the question.
Why?

[SPEAKER_02]
Ask the question.
Support your patients asking questions.
If you're a pregnant woman out there asking questions, I support you.

[SPEAKER_05]
Great.
Well, Dr. Iorado, if our audience wants to follow you or see your work, how can they find you?

[SPEAKER_02]
The main thing I do is to post on Twitter on X at AdamUrata1.
It's just I put out typically the latest information and research studies.
I try to really focus on the research as Steve was saying earlier, make it transparent, get the information out there, put the research out there.
So when studies come up and they do fairly regularly, the studies come out, I'll post them up on Twitter.
And then the other thing I would say is that if people have heard this talk tonight and are interested in supporting our petition, the FDA has a mechanism where you can put a comment on a citizen petition.
And if you go to my Twitter account, the pinned tweet or the top tweet lets you access the petition.
and lets you post a comment.
If you click on the button, you can post a comment.
You can also do it anonymously.
You can say, I heard this guy on the podcast and I support that petition.
I think that we do need better warnings on the SSRIs in terms of pregnancy complications and fetal brain development impact.

[SPEAKER_05]
Is there a way that people can help with your petition, your citizen petition or sign on to something like that?

[SPEAKER_02]
Mostly through that mechanism, Livia, that I was just describing, putting a comment onto it.

[SPEAKER_05]
That's the best way.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
It's not a petition in the usual sense that you're thinking of someone standing outside the supermarket.
Like, can you sign on like that?
But you can sign on in the sense of leaving a comment at the website.
And for people who are uncomfortable having their name or whatnot, there is a mechanism to leave an anonymous comment.

[SPEAKER_05]
OK, fantastic.
Well, one last thing, will you support Steve in trying to get Paul Offit to have a debate?
You being a doctor, maybe he'll listen to your rationale for why public debate in science is a good thing.

[SPEAKER_02]
Absolutely.
I absolutely support debate and I appreciate Steve's effort to all of his efforts, but particularly to get a debate here.
I'm facing the same thing to some extent with this SSRI issue.
I'm happy to debate anyone on this topic and think it would be really good.
I put that out there.
Right now, so far, we have one person.
He is a third year resident in psychiatry and I give him a lot of credit.
He stepped up on Twitter on X and said, yes, I'll do the debate.
So we're trying to set that up in January of the coming year.
I'm a big believer in free and open debate and discourse and talking through these things.
And yes, Steve, I absolutely support your efforts to try to get that debate.

[SPEAKER_03]
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_05]
Fantastic.
Well, keep us updated in the new year and I hope for you and I to keep talking as your story continues to unfold with these SSRIs.

[SPEAKER_02]
Thanks so much for having me on.
I appreciate it and happy holidays.
Have a great holiday season everybody.

[SPEAKER_05]
Thank you.
Happy holidays.
Everyone else hang in there.
Steve hang in there.
I got a couple of announcements before we sign off.
And the first I want to before we close, take a moment to thank all of you who make VSRF possible.
As you know, we're a small grassroots nonprofit and everything we do happens because of this community, your support, your engagement
and your commitment to truth as we move through the holiday season and as we look ahead to 2026, your involvement means more than ever.
You're the reason we can stay independent.
You're the reason we can continue having these conversations week after week that so many families depend on.
If you'd like to help us keep this work going, please consider making a year-end donation at vacsafety.org backslash donate.
Let me put this up on the screen.
That's vacsafety.org backslash donate, or simply text VSRF to 53555.
Text VSRF to 53555.
Janet will put those links in the chat.
Every contribution, large or small truly makes a difference.
And thank you for standing with us and for being part of this growing movement.
And before we wrap up, Steve, I want to wish everyone a happy holiday season and a healthy, safe new year.
We'll be back in 2026, kicking off the year with Nicholas Hulscher from the McCullough Foundation on January 8th.
That'll be our next episode, Thursday, January 8th.
We're taking a couple of weeks off here at VSRF to spend time with our family and loved ones.
and just sort of take a little rest.
It's been a busy, busy year for all of us here.
And in the coming year, we look forward to welcoming guests such as Dr. Robert Malone, John Leake, Gavin De Becker, Ed Dowd, and Rhett Seth Levy, with many more to be announced.
Please let us know in the chat who you'd like to see before we close out, and maybe we'll try to get some of your recommendations on.
And thank you as always for being part of the VSRF community.
We're grateful for your support and we look forward to continuing these important conversations with you in the new year.
And Steve, anything you want to say before we sign off tonight with a little funny and then with a little comedy tonight?
So just to lighten things up, anything you want to add or say before we sign off for the year?

[SPEAKER_03]
It's so hard to get a debate with people who disagree with you.
So, Dr. Urato, were you able to get any debates at all, any public debates on this stuff?

[SPEAKER_02]
The closest that we got was the FDA meeting, the FDA panel back in July.
The downside of that though is that it was less of a debate and more of we gave our five-minute presentation.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, and they ignore you.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, you need, you can't do it with a large panel.
I mean, I give the FDA credit for having that panel, but really you need to sit down and talk it through and it can take hours.
I mean, I think that's why people like the podcast format.
You got to be able to sit there for an hour, hours and go through the information, go through the studies, talk it out.

[SPEAKER_03]
They're not, but you never found anyone willing to do that with you.

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, just this resident now, this resident now who's agreed.
I'm not laughing at him.
I actually give him credit.
And I think it's terrific that a resident, I think it says a lot, though, that it's a resident that stepping up to the plate.
Where are the experts on this or the sort of from the medical establishment to talk this through?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yep, exactly.
So the problem isn't unique to any of us.
It's like they won't debate any people who disagree with them.

[SPEAKER_05]
No, not at all.
And Steve, where are we at with your year-long debate with Sal?
It starts again next year.
It continues next year.
It'll go into 2026.
Even though the data keeps piling on, it'll cause more harm.
That's good.
Well, Steve, thank you for all the work you're doing.
And I want to wish you a happy holidays and a restful
and nice end of the year.
Same to everyone out there.
Thank you.
And tonight we close out with a little bit of tongue in cheek humor from Harrison Smith, a timeless sketch.
It's a couple of years old, but it's a timeless sketch depicting a COVID pitch meeting.
Thank you for joining us this evening.
Have a wonderful holiday season and we will see you in 2026.
Have a good night.

[SPEAKER_04]
Good news!
Oh yeah?
Yeah, we've rolled back the ban on gain-of-function research.
Really?
So now it's legal for us to modify viruses and make them more deadly and transmissible to humans.
Why would you want to do that?
Well, it's important that we be prepared in case something like that happen in the future.
In case somebody modifies a deadly virus to be more infectious and able to transmit to humans?
Can you imagine?
Yeah, sounds dangerous.
No, no, no, it's fine.
We're doing it at a Level 4 weapons research lab in Wuhan, China.
Very secure.
Okay, good.
Terrible news.
Oh no!
There's been an outbreak of a mysterious new respiratory virus in Wuhan, China.
Wuhan, China?
Like where the research lab is?
Yeah, yeah, exactly.
Like right where the lab is.
So do you think it could have come from the lab?
No, absolutely not.
I'd see how you could make that mistake, but no, no, no.
The virus, the deadly virus with the artificial furin cleavage sites that make it able to infect humans, that came from the farmer's market down the road from the dangerous bioweapons lab.
And you expect us to believe that?
I'll ban you from the internet if you don't.
Oh god.
No need to worry.
The global medical establishment's always preparing for these types of things.
In fact, like two months ago, they held a course called Event 201 where they basically predicted exactly what would happen, right, down to the type of virus and where it came from.
So they're like totally on top of this.
Actually, they're going to do nothing for months and let it spread all over the world.
But it started in China, right?
Like, can't we at least halt travel with them?
I didn't realize you were a racist.
What?
No, I didn't realize you had some deep, seething hatred of Asian people.
And in fact, I think it's despicable.
Whoa, I'm talking about the virus.
Oh, the virus?
It's here now.
Yeah, I bet.
Yeah, it came on a plane from China.
There's nothing we could do.
Well, what do we know about the virus so far?
Not a lot, but we're going to go ahead and assume that it's the deadliest thing in the world and everybody's scared.
We're all scared.
You didn't seem very worried about it when it was in China.
Well, no, no, I was calling you a racist then.
That's what was important.
But now we're very scared of the virus.
Everybody's scared.
You're scared.
Well, does it affect certain ages or populations or groups, anything like that?
Yeah, actually, it's way deadlier to the elderly and the sick.
Okay, well, why don't we start by protecting them?
No, we're actually going to send COVID-infected patients into nursing homes instead.
Geez, well, okay, well, what are you doing to stop the spread?
UV lights, vitamin C, vitamin D?
Should I wear a mask?
We know that masks don't really stop you from getting this type of infection.
The science is pretty much settled on this.
Masks don't work.
Okay, so no masks.
Actually, they're mandatory.
And also, we're shutting down everything.
Wait, what?
Yeah, it's called lockdown.
I'm basically declaring martial law and saying that you can't leave your house or gather in large groups.
How do you think you're gonna get people to go along with this?
Well, it's only for two weeks.
It's gonna last forever, isn't it?

[SPEAKER_05]
Maybe.

[SPEAKER_04]
and you're shutting everything down?
Everything?
Every restaurant, every store?
Yep, absolutely everything.
Everything's shut down.
We're all in this together.
So even Walmart and Target?
No, they can stay open.
What about McDonald's or Taco Bell?
Obviously McDonald's and Taco Bell can stay open.
Okay, so the big chain stores can stay open, but if a small business tries to stay open, we will send a tank and point a rifle in their face and maybe send them to jail.
But it's only for two weeks or years or whatever.
I mean, won't that crash the economy?
Oh yeah, 100%, for sure.
Okay, but this stops the virus.
It does not, no.
Okay, other than masks that don't work and lockdowns that don't work, is there anything else you suggest that we do?
Oh, I'm not suggesting anything.
I'm imposing plastic barriers and social distancing as well.
Okay, so those work.
No, of course not.
It's ridiculous.
Just think about it.
But we do encourage contact tracing where you download our app to your phone and then use it to log everywhere you go and everything you do and everyone you interact with.
Sounds like a precursor to a vaccine passport.
No way, that's crazy.
Hey, by the way, we sent a investigative team to figure out the origins of the virus.
Oh, so you're investigating the lab?
No.
Okay, well, who are you sending to investigate?
The guy who runs the lab.
Yeah, this sounds suspicious.
It's not.
I mean, the whole thing sounds sketchy.
Nothing you're saying really makes any sense, and it seems like the same people imposing the masks and lockdowns are the same people that are benefiting from it, and it seems like it's gonna have way worse long-term effects than the virus itself.
I mean, all of this seems arbitrary and expensive.
Well, it's only until we get the vaccine, and actually it's going to be a wonderful, revolutionary new mRNA vaccine.
So, you know, thank God we have Bill Gates helping us with this.
Bill Gates, isn't he the one who thinks the most pressing issue the Earth faces is overpopulation and that the best way to reduce population is through vaccines?
Didn't he give a TED Talk to that effect?
No, shut up.
He loves you.
