[SPEAKER_07]
you
Every night I need it, every night I want it, every night I can't live without it
I love you.

[SPEAKER_05]
Tonight on VSRF live legendary farmer author and advocate for regenerative agriculture.
Joel Salatin joins Steve Kersh for a deep dive conversation about the

[SPEAKER_01]
You're called a lunatic, a bioterrorist, a con artist, a world-class bigot, and starvation advocate.
What do you have to say for yourself?

[SPEAKER_09]
What do I have to say for myself?

[SPEAKER_02]
Man, oh man.
Next speaker will be Joel Salatin, who is a farmer, lecturer, and author.

[SPEAKER_00]
He describes himself as an evangelical Christian conservative environmentalist lunatic farmer.

[SPEAKER_06]
He's kind of the godfather, not of just homesteading, but of sustainable farming and a lot of these other practices that he's put into play.

[SPEAKER_04]
Your approach to farming is so natural and so normal, and so, in my opinion, non-controversial.

[SPEAKER_09]
We were branded Luddites and anti-progressives, anti-science.
We got a knock on the door.
You've been selling illegal meat, and we've confiscated it all.
You know, Lord, if we lose this thing, what do you have in mind here?
It's never been like this.
What happened?
Regulatory extortion tyranny.

[SPEAKER_04]
When I watch your method, it seems normal.
It seems like common sense.
It seems like old knowledge.
But yet, you're looked at as some sort of a wild man out there.

[SPEAKER_09]
A lunatic.

[SPEAKER_05]
Hello, welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm Livio Sanchez and tonight we're diving into a topic that affects every single one of us, food, health, and what's really going on with our food supply.
We all know that good health doesn't start in the doctor's office.
It starts with what we eat.
But the food industry and government regulations have made it harder than ever to access real, nutrient-dense food while pushing processed, chemical-laden alternatives.
Why is that?
Who benefits?
And most importantly, what can we do about it?
To help us unpack these critical issues, we're honored to be joined by none other than Joel Saliton, a world-renowned regenerative farmer, author, and advocate for truly sustainable agriculture.
Joel is the owner of Polyphase Farms, where he's pioneered beyond-organic, pasture-based farming methods that defy Big Ag's destructive model.
He's been featured in films like Food Inc. and Farmageddon, and is a fierce advocate for food freedom, soil health, and self-reliance.
Tonight, we're going to take a deep dive and discuss the truth about our food supply, who really controls it,
the link between food, immunity, and chronic illness, what they don't want you to know, solutions, how you can source and grow real food no matter where you live.
This is a conversation you don't want to miss.
So smash that like button, share this stream, and drop your questions in the chat because we're about to expose what's really happening to our food and our health.
But first, I'd like to bring on VSRF founder, Steve Kirsch.
Steve, welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_08]
Good.
Looking forward to tonight's episode.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, me too.
I didn't get a chance to talk to Joe before, but we've met.
I've actually been to Polyface Farms.
I was there.
I was there back early days of the pandemic with a group from Peak Prosperity.
And it was, yeah, it was a fantastic experience.
So looking forward to having them on.
But before we get to that, we need to announce the winner
of our Stella raffle.
Let me see if I can share my screen and announce this at the same time.
And the winner is, here it comes,
Here it is.
The winner is David Baldwin.
Congratulations, David Baldwin.
You have won a year's supply of Dr. Stella's Covivites, her powerful immune-boosting supplement packed with quercetin, zinc, vitamin C, and vitamin D3, plus a copy of her eye-opening book, Let America Live.
David Baldwin, congratulations.
Hillary will be in touch with you to get you your prizes very soon.
And that's not all.
We have a awesome new shirt available in the VSRF shop and it's called Farms Over Pharma.
It's a powerful quote from Joel Saliton on the back.
It's a statement about our movement and a call to action.
Order yours now.
Janet will put the link in the chat to the
get your t-shirt and Let's see.
Let me get back here.
And now let me just go ahead and bring on our featured guest tonight Joel South and I've not tested his audio or video, but there he is Welcome to VSRF live Joel.
How are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_09]
I'm doing great, Livia.
I hope it's an honor and a privilege to be with you.
Am I coming through loud and clear?

[SPEAKER_05]
You're coming through.
You're definitely coming through and you look great.
And it is an honor to have you here.
And yeah, I don't know if you remember when I was there with Chris Martinson, actually.
Yeah, and in a group and it was just just fantastic and i'm so happy to have you here Let me complete your bio before we get started Joel is a revolutionary farmer outspoken advocate for regenerative agriculture and the mind behind poly face farm a model for sustainable beyond organic food production Known as the lunatic farmer.
He has spent decades challenging the industrial food system
Proving that small-scale, decentralized farming isn't just possible, it's essential for human health and the environment.
He's the author of multiple books, including You Can Farm and Everything I Want to Do is Illegal.
He is a sought-after speaker and a fierce defender of food freedom, fighting against government overreach and corporate control of our food supply.
Whether he's talking about healing the land, strengthening local food networks, or exposing the corruption behind industrial farming, Joel is always pushing for food systems that serves people, not corporations.
Welcome.
I know, right?
Isn't that a crazy thought?

[SPEAKER_08]
That's renegade.

[SPEAKER_05]
Totally.

[SPEAKER_08]
You want to serve people?
Whose side are you on?
Don't you believe in big government and killing people?
doing what's right for big corporations.

[SPEAKER_05]
I'm gonna step aside and let you guys have a fantastic conversation and then I'll come back and join you a little bit later in the program.
And I wanna remind everyone in the audience, if you have questions for Joel or Steve, put them in the chat, all caps.
And later on, I will ask as many as I can get to.
Take it away, Steve.

[SPEAKER_08]
All right, so Joel, did you like not get the memo?
You're supposed to conform.
You're not supposed to be a renegade farmer.
What the heck happened here?
Did you not drink the Kool-Aid?
Did you not get the memo?
What did we do wrong here, Joel?

[SPEAKER_09]
Help us out.
Oh, well, you know, when people ask me, you know, what's what's one of the biggest blessings of your life?
I always say it was growing up in a family that that embraced different.
Both my mom, both my parents were were mavericks in thought and practice.
You know, mom started a non-alcoholic girls sorority or tried to when she was in college.
because she had an alcoholic family situation, and she came into college very, you know, teetotaling, and, you know, was an attractive, bright co-ed, you know.
Oh, everybody wanted her in her sorority, but she didn't want to do all the, you know, the drinking and stuff that went with it.
And she got branded a rebel troublemaker by the college because she couldn't be satisfied with what the college offered.
My guess.
Yeah, my dad, when the Arab oil embargo came, Steve, you probably are old enough to remember when Carter was president and in 1973, the Arab oil embargo came.
My dad was the accountant for a metal fabrication shop about
It was about, I don't know, 15 miles away from our house across town, and he would go over, you know, out there to work, and he kind of ran the office and the estimates and the inventory and that sort of thing.
And when the Arab oil embargo came, so he was in his late 50s, okay?
He was between 55 and 60, and he goes out and buys a 10-speed bicycle and begins
biking 15 miles to work 15 miles home every day in his late 50s and he said man if everybody do this the Arabs can just keep their oil and leave it in the ground and so I just you know at the time you know um you know I rolled my eyes at these things but as I've gotten older I've come to deeply appreciate that level of of just you know courageous conviction in the face of
of things that people feel helpless to deal with.
And he just systematically, you know, took apart the, you know, took apart the overriding narrative.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yep.
So has there been any pressure on you to conform anybody threatened to take away your license to practice farming or, you know, anything like that, like they do to the doctors?

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, fortunately, you don't need a license to grow cows.
So we haven't had that yet.

[SPEAKER_08]
Maybe that's a mistake.
Maybe we should regulate farmers, right?
You know, give them a license to practice farming.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.
What we have had, of course, that I've articulated in my book, Everything I Want to Do is Illegal,
are many battles over being able to process food.
There's not a lot of regulations about producing stuff, producing beef or tomatoes or whatever, but as soon as you want to put that
put that cow into steaks or that chicken into and pluck and gut the chicken and make it table ready or make a quiche out of your tomatoes or a pot pie out of your chickens.
That's where you get into these highly, highly, highly regulated systems.
And so we've had lots of battles about that.

[SPEAKER_08]
Right.
Okay.
So, speaking of highly regulated systems, you think the regulations are.
You know, if you were to rate them, do you think they're like, super productive?
Do you think that they're beneficial to the public?
Like, where on the scale are the regulations and would we be better off with.
probably not better off with no regulations whatsoever, but are we over-regulated or under-regulated or misregulated or where, you know, there are like so many directions you can go, like where are we on the regulation?

[SPEAKER_09]
So I would simply, yeah, I would simply start with an answer very quickly, just asking people, do you trust, do you now trust Anthony Fauci?
because life are you kidding me because the man is a savior i mean he's he's unbelievable i hope somebody doesn't take out that clip yeah no satin no satire here right uh oh man yeah so so here's the thing you got to remember is that the that the bureaucracy the government bureaucracy
is full of that mentality.
Of the Fauci mentality?
Yeah, yeah.
They might not be named Fauci, but it's the same attitude.
It's the same philosophy, the same worldview paradigm.

[SPEAKER_08]
Okay, so hang on.
That means that my opinions that I have with the CDC and all this
Relative to vaccines and relative to health and all that, then I can just extrapolate that and just move that over to the USDA.
And I would get a pretty accurate assessment.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yes, you've got you've got that exactly.

[SPEAKER_08]
You've got that exact shit.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_08]
So, so I didn't think it's is it really that bad.
Is it?

[SPEAKER_09]
Yes, that's why they're killing all the healthy chickens.
You know, we've killed 100.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, yeah, that made no sense to me.

[SPEAKER_09]
We've killed 166 million chickens in the last 24 months and only a million have been sick.
165 million have been.
Right, right, right.
That is insane.
It's totally insane to kill the survivors, the survivors that are showing adaptability to the virus.
That's who you are.

[SPEAKER_08]
So, so why.
Um, Joel, why shouldn't we like, due to if we're doing this to to our livestock, why shouldn't we do this to people?
So, if you have like a family.
And 1 of the 1 of the family members get sick.
then we should go and execute the rest of the family, right?
Well, that would be a consistent response, yeah.
Right, that would be the equivalent of what they're doing to chickens.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yes, that is exactly correct.
Exactly.

[SPEAKER_08]
So how is it?
I'm like, this is like the stupidest thing in the world.
Nobody in their right mind would ever
Recommend that.
Oh, well, if somebody in your family gets sick with the.
Bird virus or whatever we need to kill off everybody in the family, whether you're sick or not.
I mean, that is absurd.
At least I think it's absurd.
At least to me, it's absurd, but hey, to the CDC, maybe that's in the plans.
But.
That's what they're doing to the livestock.
It is like aren't farmers like over the top incensed that they have to do this and follow these regulations?
I mean, is there any farmer in the entire country saying this is the right thing to do?

[SPEAKER_09]
Oh, most of them are.
Yeah, most of them are saying it's the right thing to do because they've drunk the Kool-Aid.
They believe that that's the only solution too.
So yeah, most of them say yes.
There are a very small number of us who think that this is absurd.
Very small number.

[SPEAKER_08]
If you were to go and ask these farmers to say, yeah, that's the right thing to do is kill off all the chickens.
Like, if you were to go to them and ask them, so do you think if somebody got sick in your family, we should like kill off all of your family members?
Do you think that would be the right thing to do?
What would they say?

[SPEAKER_09]
I think they would say no, but there's no end to the kind of whatever.
There's no thinking going on.
Exigencies.
Yeah, there's no consistent thinking going on.
And so here we are with this.
And so what we have in the
in the corporate centralized concentrated food system is literally a worldview, a paradigm that life is fundamentally mechanical.
and that wellness comes out of the end of a syringe.
And wellness doesn't come from inside you.
Yeah, that's right.
That's right.
Hook me up.
Give me the IV.
Wellness comes from somewhere outside of the being.
And that's the mentality.
Wow.

[SPEAKER_08]
But the farmers are buying it, right?
The public has realized that the COVID vaccines are unsafe.
Aren't the farmers waking up to this manipulation?
Or they're still in the blue-pilled honeymoon phase?

[SPEAKER_09]
Oh, they're very much in the blue-pilled matrix.

[SPEAKER_08]
So they actually think that it's beneficial to kill off all of their chickens.
They think that's the right thing to do.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, most of them do, but realize that most farmers don't own their chickens.
The thing you have to realize is that most of the chickens, I mean, 98% of them, 99% of them that have been killed have not been owned by the farmers.
They've been owned by Tyson and Pilgrim's Pride and Sanford.

[SPEAKER_08]
So it's like no financial loss for them.
Right.
But doesn't Tyson Foods then, doesn't corporate, you know, big, it's not big farm right here, but what do you call it?

[SPEAKER_09]
Big agriculture?
Industrial ag.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_08]
Doesn't industrial ag then complain about having to kill off chickens because that loses money?

[SPEAKER_09]
No.
Well, they have been beaten into submission so much by
you know, by the pharmaceutical companies, by, I mean, the big look.

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, it's not big ag that's running big ag, it's pharma that's running, that's essentially calling the shots on big ag.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, well, they all drank Kool-Aid from the same jar.
I mean, and this is why RFK Jr. talks about agency capture.
The big ag corporations, the big wheels of the big ag corporations, they're all in the same fraternity as the big pharmaceutical corporations.
You have interlocking boards of directors.
You have the investors, the stockholders, they're all in it together.
And so nobody's really interested in growing food.
Nobody's really interested in health.
They're just interested in making money.
And you can make a lot of money with sickness.
Sickness makes a lot of money.

[SPEAKER_08]
Because they can raise the price of eggs, presumably.

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, they can raise the price of eggs.
They can sell more drugs, more pharmaceuticals.
And the taxpayers, get this, the taxpayers are indemnifying the chickens that they kill.
So when Tyson goes and kills 30 million chickens or an egg producer kills 30 million chickens,
The dead ones do not get indemnified by the taxpayer, but the live ones that they kill do get indemnified by the taxpayer.
And so the big companies that own the chickens, they get indemnified for the chickens that are killed by the government programs, but the farmer who doesn't own the chickens gets nothing.
He still has to pay for his house and figure out how to live without any indemnification.

[SPEAKER_08]
Okay, so when you say they get indemnified, well, nobody's charging them with a crime, so what's the... Do they get reimbursed?

[SPEAKER_09]
They get reimbursed for the value of the chicken.
Oh, okay.

[SPEAKER_08]
Now that's different than indemnifying.

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, the industry calls it indemnification.
It's indemnification against the loss.
It's indemnification against the loss of the chicken.
And so when the government agency comes in and says, we got to kill all your chickens, the owner of those chickens, not the farmer, but the owner of those chickens gets a reimbursement for the value of those chickens.
No wonder.

[SPEAKER_08]
Of course they're not complaining.
Then why would they complain?
They're whole.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, that's right.
Yeah, that's right There's not there's not a lot of loss and and meanwhile excepted except the taxpayers are paying for except the taxpayers are paying for it and And they don't know they're paying for it because it's not it's not disclosed.

[SPEAKER_08]
I didn't know that.

[SPEAKER_09]
That's right.
And the shortage the shortage Increases the price of eggs or you know the price of food.

[SPEAKER_08]
So um, well heck bring on bring on the bird flu.
Let's uh
You know, that's insane.
Who's the new head of USDA?
Yeah, Brooke Rollins.
And was she just appointed?
Like, I haven't been tracking this at all.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yes, she's the new Secretary of Ag.
And so is she like, where is she on the red pill, blue pill scale?
Well, it's a little bit anomalous.
We're not sure where she is.
She doesn't seem to be completely, you know, off the wall, like, you know, like, like, like Vilsack Vilsack was a complete industrial.
She seems to be just a little bit.
you know, not quite as industrial as he on a scale of one to ten, you know, one being, you know, a compost farmer and ten being, you know, Monsanto.
It looks like she's more like a seven.
Vilsack was a ten.
So, you know, so we're seeing, and we're seeing some cracks in this, actually.
There's some, there's some
there's some questioning now actually, and at very high levels, including at her level, that maybe this extermination policy shouldn't be, you know, they call it euthanasia.
Steve, they call it euthanasia.
Well, euthanasia is when an animal is walking around so sick, you know, they just put out of its misery.
This is not euthanasia.
This is extermination.
This is killing the survivors.

[SPEAKER_08]
So if you were to ask them,
the people who are making these decisions, and you were to use my analogy of, well, isn't that kind of like killing family members if one of the members of your family gets sick?
Like, if this is a good idea, why aren't we doing it to humans?
How would they respond to that?

[SPEAKER_09]
Oh, they would say, you're being extreme.
That has nothing to do with that.
We have epidemiological material that shows that this is the right protocol.

[SPEAKER_08]
Do they actually have any studies showing that this is the right thing to do?

[SPEAKER_09]
No, in fact, right now, the statistics.
The data right now, the data shows that the more they exterminate, the more flocks actually get it.
In other words, you would think if the extermination worked, then the sickness rate would start to decline.
But it's not.
Both lines are going.

[SPEAKER_08]
It's like the COVID vaccine where you give more, you give the COVID vaccine, you're going to get more COVID cases because even the UK data shows you're two to three times more likely to get COVID if you got the COVID vaccine.
I mean, it's in the UK government data.
I mean, people are ignoring this.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, that's exactly right.
I'm calling bird flu COVID 2.0.
COVID was people.
Bird flu is food.
So we saw what we could do with people.
Now let's see what we could do with food.

[SPEAKER_08]
OK, so got it.
And so you can't get into a conversation with anybody about this stuff, because just like it would be like getting into a conversation with the COVID vaccine being unsafe, it's like if you were to question
uh the policy yes uh people aren't going to talk to you right that that's right that's right you you oh wow you you are you're playing russian russian roulette with america's food supply you know they've got all their all their pat answers that's right um so uh you know livio at the start of this said uh he's gonna tell you what they don't want you to know so i'm gonna give you an opportunity can you tell us
uh, give us a list of maybe, you know, four or five things that they don't want you to know about food or your food supply or how they regulate it or like, you know, cause we've talked about a number of things, which are eyeopening to me that, Whoa, no wonder farmers aren't complaining about killing off their flocks.
They're like, it's no skin off their back.
It's not their, it's not their chickens.
Right.

[SPEAKER_09]
Right.
Well,
I think a couple of things come to mind.
One is that food safety regulations are efficacious.
I mean, they live and die on the idea that the only safe food in the world has to have a government stamp.
And that is patently untrue.
All you have to do is look at the recalls, look at the pathogenicity, look at the food allergies.
Uh, you know Right now is fine to feed your kid, you know five five cans of coca-cola a day But one teaspoon of raw milk will kill them.

[SPEAKER_08]
I mean that's that's their mentality So what's the truth about raw milk by the way since since you mentioned that tell tell us the like raw milk They painted it out is if it's not pasteurized.
It's it's unhealthy.
We got to it's unsafe We don't want to let anybody drink raw milk.
Like what's the
What's your take on that?

[SPEAKER_09]
So the pasteurization came about in the early 1900s when we had all these swill dairies.
And so beer and milk before refrigeration, you know, from 1880 to 1910,
You know, the urban we had the industrialization cities were growing very, very rapidly and they were growing ahead of sanitation and hygiene.
We didn't have indoor plumbing yet.
We didn't have electricity yet.
We didn't have all these things.
And so we had a lot of filth and, you know, poop.
you know, hanging around everybody's house.
And so the two things, milk and beer, were the two things that required refrigeration at that time in the urban sector that we didn't have refrigeration for.
So they had to be produced on site, you know, very, very close.
So the distiller's grains that were a byproduct of beer making,
They fed to the cows, which gave the cows, you know, tuberculosis and all sorts of undulant fever and different problems that came through the milk and made people sick.
And so it wasn't the milk that was the problem.
It was the swill dairies, it's called swill, that made the milk bad.
And so the Mayo Clinic actually started as a result of going back to pasture-based milk.
They were getting people
that had been, that were sick well by drinking raw milk that was from pastured animals, not swill dairies, not these beer overage, you know, milk things.
But it was a lot easier from a government regulatory
perspective, it was a lot easier to just say, well, let's just cook it to death and kill everything in it.
That's easier than saying, well, this protocol makes healthy raw milk.
This protocol makes unhealthy raw milk.
From a regulatory standpoint, it was easier to just make a broad brush so that it required pasteurization.
Well, today, we have stainless steel.
We have microscopes.
We have test strips to check
bacterial, you know, somatic cell counts, we have refrigeration, we have, you know, all sorts of things.
And so, and so, you know, we have today, raw milk is way, way healthier than pasteurized milk, because now we we've eliminated those swill dairies.
And we now have the technology and the understanding and the hygiene understanding to be able to make it safely.

[SPEAKER_08]
So but can you actually buy raw milk now at a supermarket?

[SPEAKER_09]
You can in some places, but not very many places.
So raw milk is available in most states through herd shares, pet food, very limited, you know, you can have three cows or you can sell it only at your farm.
I mean, there's all sorts of, you know, these very, very complaining.
confining regulations about it, which greatly limits consumer choice.
And so that's why I'm a one-string banjo.
When I get interviewed by media and they say, look, if you were in charge, what would you do?
They're wanting me to give them, you know, well, if I was in this agency, I would do this and I would do this on this program and this on this program.
I say, look, I'm really boring.
I'm on one string banjo.
I got one thing.
Yeah, I call it the Food Emancipation Proclamation.
What we have to do is take the shackles off of the enslavement of our food system so that neighbor to neighbor, neighbor to neighbor food commerce can happen without a bureaucracy in between that.
to voluntary consenting adult exercising freedom of choice.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It should be able to engage in food transaction.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_08]
Oh my gosh.
You're like, you could be run out of town, you know, for suggesting stuff like that.
Is that why they call you like the, what do they call you?

[SPEAKER_09]
The lunatic farmer.
Yeah.
The lunatic farmer.

[SPEAKER_08]
That how could you, how could you ever suggest.
That it would be healthy to go back to, you know, like caveman where, you know, we're talking like, you know, pre well, like, when are these regulations introduced?
Like, what?
Like, 19 early 1900s.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, they came about from 1908 after Upton Sinclair wrote The Jungle in 1906, which exposed the filth of the Chicago slaughterhouses.
And what people don't realize is within six months of that book being published in 1906,
the seven big companies that controlled 50% of America's meat supply at that time lost half of their market.
And they went on their knees to Teddy Roosevelt and begged him, look, we need government coverage.
We need an agency
that will give us our credibility back with the American consumer.
We're going to go out of business.
And so, of course, Teddy Roosevelt was a socialist.
And so he said, sure, I'll give you an agency.
So he gave the Food Safety Inspection Service.
And it's been so effective at concentrating and centralizing and running small outfits out of business that back in 1906, the nation considered seven companies controlled 50% of the meat supply.
That was an oligarchy.
But today, we have four companies controlling 85% of the meat supply and they call that the free market.

[SPEAKER_08]
There you go.
See, that's how it's done.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, that is it.

[SPEAKER_08]
It'll be even freer and more competitive if we have fewer players.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, that's right.
That's right.
So, you know, there is no Steve, you know, and I know that there is no there's no monopoly that ever occurs without some sort of governmental special, you know, special concessions, special intervention, special something happening.
Because if you truly have an open free market where any player can come to the table and play, play the game.
That in and of itself is a protection against monopoly.
Because when you get big, you become inefficient.
You become bureaucratic.
Big things eventually fall over.
And so opening up neighbor-to-neighbor transactions.
Right now, we have choice in the bathroom, choice in the bedroom, choice in the womb, but no choice in the kitchen.

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, clearly government is missing out.
Then those 3 areas that you talked about, like, um, I would expect that soon to come, we're going to have regulations on going to the bathroom, right?

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, it could be, but you know, when we say my body, my choice, how about me being able to pick the food to fuel my microfilm?

[SPEAKER_08]
Oh, no, you can't do that, Joel.
That'd be unsafe.
I mean, that would be a dereliction of duty on behalf of the government who has to oversee to make sure that you're getting the right foods and you're getting the right vaccines into your body.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, that's right.
This is not about your choice, Joel.

[SPEAKER_08]
This is about what the government wants you to put in.
It gets shot into your arm, injected into your veins, and also what you eat, right?

[SPEAKER_09]
Because it comes back, Steve.
It comes back to the fact that you and I are now owned.
Our physical bodies are now owned by society because society has chosen
through healthcare to make our medical decisions an economic issue in the culture.
So because the government now is so interventive in medical care, when I make risky decisions about my health, like I'd rather do something homeopathic than a vaccine or go to a naturopath rather than a surgeon,
Those decisions are now not my decisions.
They have actual societal economic ramifications.
And so the government has to protect you and I from making risky decisions that could be a liability on society.
And so, therefore, risk has to be arbitrarily and aggressively defined by the government to make sure that we are assets and not liabilities in the whole social program.
And therein lies the, you know, lies the interventive paradigm on everything that we do.

[SPEAKER_08]
So is there any country on planet Earth who is doing this right?
Who is letting farmers be farmers and letting doctors be doctors and all that?
Is there any place you can go?

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, yeah, I don't have an answer, except I know that that most of the what we would call poor countries, undeveloped countries have far, far more freedom than we do, partly because, you know, if, you know, if you're in Somalia, and you've got food,
Nobody's gonna say you can't sell that food because they're gonna be happy to get food and they're gonna be happy to have somebody that produces food.
And so generally we see the greatest freedoms in countries that are hurting the most because they're happy to get something.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, so where's the best place to be then?

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, from a food freedom standpoint, the best place to be is someplace like Central Africa or Central South America.

[SPEAKER_08]
Central Africa.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_09]
Central America.
Yeah.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.
So put that on the list too.
I bet you can get a pretty good price.
I bet it's cheaper to buy a home there than it is where I live.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, it probably is.
But they have other problems.
You know, they have a lot of
You know, I worked with a group of a philanthropic organization to get pastured poultry into Zimbabwe, for example, over in Africa.
And they were looking for something that women could do.
And so, you know, we developed this pastured poultry program and boy, it was great that they
They had the materials.
They had the market for the chickens.
They had the labor.
Everything was great.
But it all fell apart because of the roving gangs of men that would come out at night and steal the chickens.
And they could never get ahead of the roving gangs of men.

[SPEAKER_08]
Wow.

[SPEAKER_09]
There's there's no there's no paradise inside of eternity.
I mean, that's you know.
And so, you know, you pick your poisons.
But but but but our country has gone so far down the regulatory
down the regulatory trajectory, that that's why I'm on this campaign, the Food Emancipation Proclamation, to try to help people to understand that the choice you see at Walmart and Costco and Kroger's is really very little choice.
All that comes through the same funnel.
How many times, Steve, have you seen a recall, maybe Salmonella or E. coli or something,
and they recall baloney or hot dogs or chicken or something.
And the news article about the recall says, here are the brands.
And there's like 20 brands, 20 brands of this.
And the fact is, they all came out of the same funnel.
It's not really any choice.
They all came out of the same funnel and just slapped a different brand name on them.
And what I'm after is we need true innovative diversity in our marketplace that neighbor to neighbor and friends can engage in without a government agent in between consenting adults making voluntary choice.

[SPEAKER_08]
Consenting adults making voluntary choice.
What a novel concept.
Is this available to us anywhere in the United States?
Are there places where this is being done right now?
No, no, no, nowhere in the United States.
You can do this.

[SPEAKER_09]
No, because it's illegal.
These are federal.
These are federal laws now.

[SPEAKER_08]
It's illegal.
It's illegal.

[SPEAKER_09]
It's illegal to make a chicken pot pie without a government-inspected facility, even if you want to buy it from Aunt Grace that you go to church with and who makes a great chicken pot pie.
You can't buy her pot pie without her getting a
hazardous analysis critical control point plan, paying a license, having five inspectors come check out our house, you know, is it residential or business, you know, zoning and all these sorts of things.

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, it's for our own health, right?
I mean, clearly the government always has our best interest at heart.
I mean, they wouldn't do anything that would harm us or stuff, right?

[SPEAKER_09]
No, of course not.
They all it's It's all for your own.
It's all for your own protection and your own good.
Absolutely.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, you know, we should do a version of this show Where it's like totally You know where we're just lying about everything like that like what you just said, you know, like it was just complete You know to the
The opposite version, the lying version of this where we're just saying, yeah, it's good that government protects us and homogenize milk is the best thing ever.
I mean, like people drink raw milk and they die like 10 seconds later.
And fortunately, we're in a civilized society here where the government protects us against this.
And isn't it great?

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, there is a healthy
what number, you know, a significant number of people in our country.
Let me give you a story.
I was speaking at a college in California several years ago and I had, you know, lecture hall and I had, I don't know, 200 or 300 students in there.
And I asked during question and answer, this just came up kind of organically.
And so I was prompted to ask, I said, let me ask you students, I said, how many of you think
that a government inspector agent should have to come and inspect your carrots.
Let's say you grow carrots in your own garden that an inspector needs to come and check your carrots to make sure they're safe for human consumption before you eat a carrot from your own garden.
Steve, I kid you not, one-third of the hands went up.
One third of the hands went up.
So that's where we are in our culture.
We're in a place where we have been so, so, so whatever, beaten down as a culture to think that our only salvation comes from the government, that people have lost their freaking minds about, you know, being sensible and reasonable and frankly being able to make their own decisions.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, so we're, you know, if you were to,
Rank us on a scale of, let's say, 1 to 100.
And you were to say, like, where are we on the government regulation scale between, you know, 0 and 100?
And where should we be?
Are we like 95 out of 100, and we should be like 10 out of 100?
I mean, what do you?
It's hard, because it's not a linear scale.
But I'm just trying to simplify it here to be in one dimension, and rather than in like six dimensions, because people don't kind of get the vector.

[SPEAKER_09]
So I'm trying to.
So I travel a lot internationally.
So I've been in a lot of different countries.
And so I'm answering this question relative to other countries, I guess, relative to other countries.
And and I would say that we're we're somewhere between 85 and 90 on that on that scale relative to, for example, the EU, the EU is worse than worse than here.
And but but, you know, yeah, but I say between 85 and 90.
And I would like to see us.
Well, here's the thing.
Look, right now it is too complicated for me to wrap my head or to propose that we back off of our
We don't need this much regulation on Tyson chicken.
We only need this much regulation on Tyson chicken.
That is a never-ending whatever.
You just go down a rabbit hole and you never get it.
So that's why I say, I'm not saying eliminate inspection.
I'm saying if you and I want to engage in a food transaction, we should be able to do it.
In other words, there needs to be at some level
in the culture where two people can engage in food commerce as neighbors without a bureaucrat in between that engagement.

[SPEAKER_08]
Did they do this in other countries?

[SPEAKER_09]
Yes, yes, especially in the

[SPEAKER_08]
Do people die because of that?

[SPEAKER_09]
No, of course not.
Anymore than they die here.
I mean, they don't die here either.
Way more people die from government-inspected food than non-government-inspected food.
Absolutely.

[SPEAKER_08]
Oh, then the solution is more government regulation then.
So is there, you know, with the CDC and the FDA, they have these outside advisory committees that they have to go through to approve their regulations.
Like the EUA gets approved by the, I think it's probably, it's got to be approved by both the FDA and the CDC outside committees before,
gets turned into effect.
And so my question is, is there any kind of, is there an equivalent outside committee?
Not that these outside committees are effective at all.
I mean, they're completely ineffective.
But is there an equivalent outside committee for USDA where the regulations are reviewed by an independent panel?
And then my second question to you, which is the more interesting one, which is if you were appointed USDA Czar for the day or whatever, and you could go and enact five changes
It's like you're on a beach and you run across the lantern and you rub it and the genie pops out and he says, well, you got five wishes, not the standard three wishes.
What would be your five changes that you would institute to try to correct things?

[SPEAKER_09]
Okay, so the first question, the independent panel, that's a very simple answer.
No, it doesn't exist and they certainly don't want to hear it.

[SPEAKER_08]
Why am I not surprised?

[SPEAKER_09]
They want to be in their fraternities.

[SPEAKER_08]
So, oh man, there you go.
Yeah.
Like, of course, because no need for an outside committee because government knows best.
Oh man.

[SPEAKER_09]
All right, so, so let's let's so that you're yeah your second question you're right is a very interesting one.
So, let's see I might not come up with five but here I have some that I that I got it down quickly.
Number one, number one if I if I was, you know, king for the day.
Number one would be the Food Emancipation Proclamation.
If a neighbor wants to do a food business with a neighbor, that's number one.
Number two, zero subsidies, zero crop insurance.
There isn't a single payment to a single farmer anywhere for anything.
Zitch, nothing.

[SPEAKER_08]
Wow, free market economy, huh?

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, free market economy.
Number three,
No government college subsidies.
So research departments and colleges have to stand on their own two feet.
What happens is the pharmaceutical company comes in and they drop a $500,000 research plum on a land-grant university.
USDA or the college funds, they match that and then you get research that's paid for by the taxpayers that Pfizer and Moderna
And Merck benefit from so, so we need to get the government out of let the companies do their research.
The colleges stand on their own 2 feet, but that the government out of the, you know, out of that out of that equation.
I would say.

[SPEAKER_08]
Maybe it would be better if the government just independently decided on what to fund, assuming that we had a good government.
But yeah, I'm getting too far ahead of myself.

[SPEAKER_09]
That's number three.
I mean, if you can go clear out of the box, number four would be abolish the USDA.
Okay, good.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, we got rid of the education department.
USDA is next, okay?

[SPEAKER_09]
We can get rid of the USDA.
you know, no government agency has been more successful at eliminating its constituency than the USDA.

[SPEAKER_08]
That's a clear measure of success for the USDA.
I think they're proud of that, just like the CDC counts how many people that they've killed.

[SPEAKER_09]
It's so sad to be able to say something like that, but it's so true.
Yeah, it is.
And I guess education gets to be, you got the school lunch program, it's administered by the USDA and it's all junk as well as SNAP and all these food assistance programs.

[SPEAKER_08]
Wow, so what's the typical school lunch approved that's paid for by USDA or approved by the USDA today?

[SPEAKER_09]
You mean how much does it cost or what is it?

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, what is it and how much does it cost?

[SPEAKER_09]
I don't know what the cost is, but it's pennies.
I mean, it's like, let me give you an example.
I don't know where you are on empire building and maintaining foreign bases around the world, but in the Iraq war, every single day of the Iraq war, we spent as much as we could have doubled the stipend for every single school meal
in every school in America for a year.

[SPEAKER_08]
For every day.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, what was spent in the Iraq war in a day.
We could have done it for a year.
And so I'm not a big advocate of public schools.
I believe in vouchers and privatization of most of this stuff.
But I would say that if we brought our soldiers home and plowed our own garden like Switzerland and quit trying to bully everybody around the world, we'd have plenty of money to actually get good food to our kids.
And they might have a higher IQ if they could actually get some better food.

[SPEAKER_08]
So what is the typical lunch meal in public schools?

[SPEAKER_09]
How much does it cost or what is it?

[SPEAKER_08]
No, what is it?
What do they give you?
What do they feed you?

[SPEAKER_09]
It's it's ultra processed.
It's it's it's you know, it's skim milk.
It's it's you know, Tostitos Doritos.
It's it's it's primarily processed food and it certainly is not is not, you know, good chicken or good beef.
It's you know, it's it's salvage.
It's salvage material.

[SPEAKER_08]
Wow.
Wow.
Eye opening for sure.
All right.

[SPEAKER_09]
You would be surprised if you saw the menus.
I mean, schools don't cook anymore.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, I probably wouldn't be surprised.

[SPEAKER_09]
They don't even have the infrastructure in their kitchens to cook anymore.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.
So you think things are getting better?
You think things are getting worse?
Or do you think you have hope for the future?

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, I mean, you got to have hope for the future.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, I know.
I know you got to.
It keeps me alive.
How do you see the trend?
Is the trend accelerating towards the worst or is it trending down or is it accelerating down?
What's the trend line look like, in your opinion?

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, I think in general, the trend turns a better versus worse.
Yeah, the trend line is worse.
And here's, I'm a simple guy.
Okay, I like to look at just kind of, you know, simple, empirical stuff.
So this year in 2025, McDonald's is going to build 2200 more restaurants.
in this year alone, 2,200 more restaurants from McDonald's.
So my litmus test on which way the trajectory is going, is it going worse or better, is the day McDonald's announces we're quitting building restaurants and we're suffering financial problems, for me, that'll be the litmus test that says the trajectory has changed.

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, or it's the day that McDonald's says, no more processed food.
Everything is going to be natural.
It's going to be serving apples and bananas and eggs and they're, they're, they're, they're way too embedded.

[SPEAKER_09]
I've worked, I worked with a, with a big chain, a big, big chain competitor to McDonald's and, um,
And try and their executives actually came to the farm and said, we'll get, you know, this would be interesting.
Give us a roadmap.
I gave them a roadmap on how they could start better food.
They worked on it a year and finally gave up because they said the problem is if we do a slow transition and we offer people like a pastor chicken and a regular chicken.
The problem is, what do we call the industry chicken?
It impugns the better.
See, in food, food isn't like cars and clothes.
Nobody looks at you like you're evil if you wear
Gucci Gucci clothes.
Okay.
And we expect to have different, you know, kind of choices in food and cars, you know, a Mercedes Benz versus a, you know, a Ford Taurus.
Okay.
You know, we have that but in food, it's all supposed to be the same.
chicken's all supposed to be the same beefs all supposed to be the same carrots are all supposed to be the same and you're not supposed to be able it's it's anathema to our cultural psyche to say well there's good chicken and bad chicken there are good eggs and bad eggs i mean that gets you deep platform censored and you have to go play with okay so suppose uh suppose we started a new uh company

[SPEAKER_08]
Um, and it was called the, you know, the healthy whatever.
I mean, you're not going to call it that.
Right.
But, but like, you know, there was this, um, great restaurant, fresh choice, one of my favorite restaurants and you could go in there and they had the salad bar that was second to none.
Right.
I love their salad bar.
I loved going to fresh choice.
They went out of business.
Like.
Why how how is it in?
That I don't know the answer to but you know, sometimes it's mismanagement.
They expand it too fast.
Whatever their their pricing model was wrong What have you that was like the I I love that place Uh-huh.
Yeah, and I was sad I would it was a sad day when that chain went out of business because that was like my favorite place in the world right to eat right so and

[SPEAKER_09]
So I have always wanted to go head to head with McDonald's with good food.
There's no reason why you can't make good food with a simple menu.
You don't have to offer everything in the world, just a simple menu offered, you know, fast and fresh.
But source your ingredients.
Get grass-finished beef, pastured chicken.
It doesn't have to have hormones and antibiotics in it.
And here's the thing, Steve.
If you study restaurants, they're basically divided into one-third.
One-third ingredient cost, one-third labor cost, and one-third overhead cost.
You know, the electric bill and
a capital infrastructure interest on the debt.
And so you can double the ingredient cost, and it only affects the price of the retail product one sixth, one sixth, okay?
And so if you ask anybody, and I've asked lots and lots of people, ask the soccer mom if you could get a hormone-free, vaccine-free, mRNA-free, grass-finished burger
and it cost $2 more than regular, would you go for it?
I've never had one say, oh, please tell me where to get this thing.
I'm there tomorrow.
Everybody wants it.
And so I'm desperate to try to, I would love to start a diner that would compete head to head with McDonald's with locally sourced good drug free, right now,
With all the drugs Americans use, livestock uses more drugs in America than all the people combined.
The question is, who's drugging your dinner?
That's a good question.
We can do this.
We can absolutely do it.
Yeah, because a brand, a brand like that, I mean, their whole persona and brand is cheap, cheap, you know, brand.
So you're exactly right.
A parallel universe, a competing parallel universe is the best approach in my opinion.

[SPEAKER_08]
OK, well, I'm going to ask Chant GPT, why did Healthy
choice go out of business.

[SPEAKER_09]
Fresh choice.

[SPEAKER_08]
Fresh choice.
You're right.
Thank you.
Healthy choice.
Hey, that could be the name of the new restaurant.

[SPEAKER_09]
That could be the name of the new one.

[SPEAKER_08]
Oh my gosh.
Good.
OK.
Sorry.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_09]
See, I listen.
I listen to my host.
I listen very carefully to my host.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.
So had you ever heard of fresh choice?

[SPEAKER_09]
Uh, no, I don't.
I'm not sure that I have.
I mean, I've heard of a whole lot of things.
I'm not, I'm not sure.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.
It might've been Olivia.
Was it a fresh choice in California only or where it was first?

[SPEAKER_09]
I don't know.

[SPEAKER_05]
I don't think it was in other States as well, but I remember it from California, but you're in, you don't live in California, not anymore, but it was, I lived in California a long time ago and it was there.
And there was another one called soup plantation.
That was very similar.
That was great.

[SPEAKER_08]
And there was another, there was another one also, which was a, like a,
competitor and had more of a red branding on it.
I forget the name of it.
It was very similar.

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, any anything today that would carry the name plantation would never fly.
I mean, that's got that's got the point.
Yeah, you know, too much baggage around it.

[SPEAKER_08]
All right, well, let's see what it says.
But in the meantime, let's take some audience questions.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, before we get to the questions, Joel, word on the street is you're trying to reach someone named William Gates.
Actually, I'm going to share a video that actually shows you actually trying to reach him.
Here comes a little video.

[SPEAKER_09]
Who out there knows Bill Gates?
Let me bring him out to this field and tell me that these beautiful four wheel drive, four legged, sauerkraut vat pruners are destroying the planet.
Folks, did you know that Bill Gates has just raised 24 million dollars of venture capital to try to invent a vaccine to eliminate cow burps and farts?
Folks, it ain't cow burps and farts that are destroying the planet.
It's people like Bill Gates that are destroying the planet.
So what we've got to do is return these beautiful creatures to their God-given, instinctual service to humanity.
Realize.
500 years ago, North America had way more animals than it does today.
The world a thousand years ago had way more animals, pounds of animal weight than it does today, even with hybrid seed, chemical fertilizer, John Deere plows and everything else.
The world had way more animal weight a thousand years ago than it does today.
Let that sink in a minute.
It's not the animals, it's the management of the animals.
The problem is,
Bill Gates hasn't been here!
I'm waiting for him to come to meet our cows and find out how our pastures actually produce methanotrophic bacteria.
These pastures, when they're perennial, they're not tilled, and they're healthy, they produce methanotrophic bacteria that reaches out into the atmosphere and grabs, you ready for this?
the equivalent of a thousand cows per acre worth of methane and brings it back down into the soil.
The problem is people don't have healthy pastures because they don't move their cows.
People don't have healthy pastures because they plow them up and plant corn.
People don't have healthy pastures because they build houses on them and make lawns.
People don't have healthy pastures because they build parking lots and soccer fields and stadiums on them.
If we have healthy pastures where the cows are, then nature has a wonderful way
of bringing abundance of everything to our plate.
And that's what this kind of farming does.
And I would love to introduce Bill Gates to a lunatic unorthodox alternative someday.

[SPEAKER_05]
So Steve, do you think you can help Joel get introduced to Bill?

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, I don't think so.
I can't get anything out of Bill Gates nowadays.
I'd be the wrong person.

[SPEAKER_09]
He quit answering the phone.

[SPEAKER_08]
I've been a little critical of his vaccine stance.
He goes just a little, just a little, just a little.

[SPEAKER_05]
Joe, what percentage of our food is being vaccinated?
Chickens, cows, pigs, what?
What's going on?
What should we know about what we're getting at the grocery store versus our local farmers?

[SPEAKER_09]
Um, well, even local farmers mainly do vaccine, uh, pretty much everything.
Everything is vaccinated.
I mean, across the board, everything, uh, even, even organic, even organic allows vaccination.
So, um, so it's pretty much across the board.
There are very few.
I mean, there are some of us like us that don't, but, uh, but there aren't very many, uh, in the whole scheme of things.

[SPEAKER_05]
And there's not much we can do.
When we cook our food or our meat, it's in there.
How much harm do you think that causes us when we consume it?

[SPEAKER_09]
I have no idea.
That's above my pay grade.
But I do believe that everything does relate to everything.
And there's nothing that's just in a vacuum.
I mean, no man's an island.
No food item is unrelated to another food item.
And no food item is unrelated to your microbiome.
And so the critical thing here is quit putting stuff in your microbiome that is foreign to it.
Uh, uh, put, put cousins down there, put, put friends down there, you know, to your microbiome and that's where we've got to go.

[SPEAKER_05]
Something else I wanted to follow up.
You mentioned RFK junior and sometime last year.
I heard you mentioned with Thomas Massey as maybe having a role in the USDA.
Anything ever happen with that?

[SPEAKER_09]
No, no, nothing ever happened.
I mean, I was I was contacted, but who knows how many thousands of people they contacted.
And so nothing ever developed from that.
I am, though, very friendly with R.F.K.
Junior.
And I am I'm working with with very close friends of his on numerous things, especially with the bird flu issue.
And we'll see where that goes.
I don't I don't request anything.
I don't desire anything.
I'm very happy right here on the farm.
And I'm very happy to continue writing books and columns and speaking out on these things.
So I'm very happy where I am.

[SPEAKER_05]
And speaking of Polyface, if people want to go there, what's the best way for people to come visit the farm and check it out and all the work that you guys do there?

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, so we have our website, of course, is poly face farms.com P. O. L. Y. F. A. C. E. Poly face farms.com and we have their listed.
We do scheduled tours, a ride tours.
We have a full time.
Team member that that leads individual tours, you know, if you want to come and have a personalized, you know, tour around the farm, she'll Heather will take you around.
That's called the grass stains tours.
Again, we do the hay rides.
We do 2 day 2 day seminars, 6 meals, 2 days.
We basically do a week's worth of seminar in 2 days.
It's it's full on, but it's worth coming just for the food.
And then we do numerous gatherings and events.
So those are all listed there.
So yeah, go to the events page and the education, and you'll see all the different.
I've written 16 books, number 17 is coming out this year, and do a lot of traveling and speaking.
My speaking schedule is on there, where I'll be, when I'll be there, that sort of thing.
And so it's a, I don't have a personal, everything I do is through Polyface Farm.
That way I don't have to maintain a separate individual
anything and that keeps me from having to do so much screen time.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, I can attest to the two-day experience with the food.
It's outstanding.
So I highly, highly recommend in the hayrides.
Awesome.
So definitely, if you're in the region in Virginia or anywhere nearby, take a visit to Polyface.
I've got many questions here.
So let me get started.
Joel from Jeannie.
What do you think is the future of insect protein substituting for animal meat?
Will the public ever accept this?

[SPEAKER_09]
Um, I don't know if the public will ever accept it.
I mean, it certainly doesn't taste as good as a good juicy steak or a chicken.
It's hard to, uh, it's hard to get that from a grasshopper.
But beyond that, I will tell you that I have personally visited a cricket farm in Kentucky.
And there were about five cricket farms in this general area.
They were actually supplying crickets to a zoo for zoo animals.
And it was a commercial, it was a huge commercial outfit, multi-level, multi-tiered.
You know, you go in, there were stories and it was amazing.
And they were out of business.
and all five of them had gone out of business at the same time because the feed company had accidentally mixed in just a smidgen of insecticide for some reason.
They made feed for cattle and all sorts of things.
Somebody pushed the wrong button, put a little bit of insecticide in there and wiped out five farms worth of crickets.
These were large commercial, these places were employing 10 or 12 people each.
It was a big wipeout and they were not being built back.
I think that the whole lab meat, the cell cultured meat is in the same category where
um you know somebody has a kind of brainstorm idea and then they find out well there's a reason why people eat beef, pork and chicken uh it's because this this exotic stuff comes with a you know with another list of problems like the fake meat industry they can't they can't exhaust the the the waste um you know because they don't have a circulatory system kidneys you know uh liver and so everything breaks down and so the truth is
that all those billions and billions of dollars that venture capital has dumped into the fake meat, cell culture and meat business has all been lost because the biggest bat they've been able to actually use is about the size of a five gallon bucket because you can't just bubble air in and run things through a filter and duplicate the beauty and the
the complexity of a living being.
These things are coming with their own problems and I'm not sure it's as much government acceptance as it is trying to take what nature has perfected for thousands of years and try to whatever, cheat it or circumvent it with something, some Star Trek alternative.

[SPEAKER_05]
Good description.
Uh, question from Thomas triple Oh seven in Hawaii, everyday pesticides are sprayed on our fields that are banned in eight other countries.
Any suggestions on how to stop this madness?

[SPEAKER_09]
Oh my, um,
I mean, I get the only thing that I can say is locally.
And this is where even my libertarianism starts to break down.
I think scale does matter.
And so I am in favor of things locally that I would never be in favor of at the federal level, just because.
Just because of the scale of it and so locally if you would if you and your neighbors would get together and create a you can't spray that here in our locality
What I'm trying to get at is trying to deal with this on a federal level.
Forget it.
It's too big.
It's too complicated.
But on a local level, we've had localities that have denied factory farms.
I mean, New York City has denied Walmart.
New York City does not have a Walmart in it because New York City has decided we're not going to have a Walmart in New York City.
And so localities, communities can actually get together and do some pretty heavy things that you might consider socialistic, but it's local, it's small.
And you can do that on a local level and it's actually doable and winnable.
If you walk into your local board of supervisors or city council with six to 10 people, you will own that meeting, you will own that issue.
Very few people are involved in local
local, you know, politics, legislation.
So that's where I would start, right there.

[SPEAKER_05]
Great, great suggestions.
And this is a bit of a follow up from Green Tea 369.
And they ask, what are the most urgent issues facing our small family farmers?
And what message should we be sending to our state reps?

[SPEAKER_09]
So the most urgent issue, that's an easy one for me, the most urgent issue is government regulations that keep you from being able to sell.
The thing is, every single food law, every single food safety law in America is scale prejudicial.
It's easy to comply if you're big.
It's hard to comply or impossible to comply if you're small.
That inherently is a bad rule.
If a rule is easier, if a rule is scale prejudicial, it's inherently wrong.
Now the other side, they immediately say, well, we need a level playing field.
I mean, if Tyson has to do this, then Joe Farmer with 10 chickens should have to do this.
A level playing field.
Well, let me tell you what an equivalent argument would be.
Let's say in football, a level playing field would be, you know what?
No longer can anybody do a Sunday afternoon pickup game in the backyard with the lilac bush and the clothesline being a goal post.
The only way we have a level playing field in football, the only way you can play football is in an NFL, an accredited NFL stadium.
We love football.
We want people to play football, but we need a level playing field, so the only place you can play is on an NFL stadium.
The fact is that the people playing in the Sunday afternoon pick-up football game in the backyard with the lilac bush and the clothesline, they're not playing in the same game.
They're not playing in the same league.
The only thing that's common is the football.
There's nothing else that's similar to the NFL.
Same thing with those of us that are outside the industrial, that aren't selling to Sri Lanka.
We're not exporting.
We're not selling to Walmart.
We're not selling into the conventional industry.
We're selling to our neighbors.
We're selling to our friends, folks at church, folks down at the other soccer moms.
These are friends.
These are people that we have a relationship with.
And so the single biggest hurdle, the most urgent need is to free up, to unshackle the enslavement of our farmers from being able to access their neighbors with value-added food so they can get a retail dollar and get off of the scale treadmill.

[SPEAKER_05]
Great analogy, great points.
from Vita Olga 7, Climategate.
Please explain the hoax of climate change, carbon, and people blaming cows.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yes, it's not cars and trucks for sure.
Not the military.

[SPEAKER_09]
Where I am on climate change is
that it's all being done with very recent, they cherry pick the time period.
And then when you try to run the computer models backwards, they don't work.
We'd all be frozen by now.
And so if the computer models won't work backwards as well as forwards, it's a completely flawed science.
And so, you know,
You can take core samples.
There's been more atmospheric carbon back in history.
dinosaurs way more than today.
And so this anthropogenic thing, I think it's completely unsettled.
But I will tell you this.
So when I see something like this, I look at, well, is there something common theme between the two sides?
So just so you know, I'm old enough.
I grew up
know, in school in the 60s and 70s and every single science class we saw movies about that by the by the by the 2000s we were all going to be frozen to death because the cloud cover was going to blank out the sun and we're going to go into ice age and the ice shield was going to come back over Michigan and we're all going to be dead because we're freezing to death today
Oh, we're all going to be crispy critters in 20 years.
And so I've lived long enough to see the scientific community completely invert itself from we're going to freeze to death to what we're going to burn up.
So I look and say, well, what is there something common about both of these groups?
And there's one common denominator.
The common denominator is carbon in the atmosphere.
That's the one common denominator.
And so what I'm going to suggest is the key to all this, regardless of whether we're getting cold or hot or whatever, let's get the carbon in the ground.
We need our organic matter.
We need our carbon back in the ground.
And in the last 100 years, we have taken all this carbon that was in the ground
carbonate was in the soil and organic matter, and we've volatilized it through plowing, through chemical agriculture, through overgrazing, and we've volatilized it
out up into the atmosphere instead of in in the ground so on our farm just to show you that you can reverse this on our farm in 1961 when we came here we were one percent organic matter that's a measure of carbon in the soil today we are over eight percent organic matter if the united states if just the united states went
It increased its organic matter by just 1%.
We increased it 7% here over 50 years.
But if we increased it nationwide 1%, we would put down
the carbon to bring atmospheric levels to pre-1960 levels.
That's how easy this is.
So we need to be looking about the carbon economy and biomass, not carbon caps, not carbon trade, not some sort of government mishmash, but actually replacing chemical fertilizer with compost,
with replacing annuals, with perennials, with replacing the plow, with the crimper.
We now have the technology, we now have the know-how.
There is not a problem we have that we don't have enough money to solve, enough knowledge to solve, or enough labor to solve.
Our problem is we don't have the will to solve it.

[SPEAKER_05]
The will seems to be the biggest problem for many of our bills.

[SPEAKER_09]
That's for sure.

[SPEAKER_05]
Question from doctor Laura with your emancipation proclamation.
How would you control for really toxic food?
Like stuff sold way past its fresh date.

[SPEAKER_09]
Okay.

[SPEAKER_08]
Good question.

[SPEAKER_09]
That is a good question.
So the same thing is true.
Well, how would you keep a farmer from having dirty food or bad food or something, you know, anything like that?
So the question is always, you know, how are you going to protect people from bad farmers?
So the underlying philosophy of that question is that you trust bureaucrats and industrialists more than your neighbor farmer.
Here's the deal, when you have to suffer the consequences of your decision, you invest sleuthing in making sure that's a good decision.
When the government stamp is on that food, nobody even thinks about it.
So we have a completely naive, ignorant, consuming populace because all they look for is, is government approved?
All right, it must be fine.
As soon as you start making a decision, well, I'm going to make a decision on which food is good or bad, then you start looking at Providence.
You start looking at the farm.
You look at the farmer.
You look at the farmer's family.
You look at, you know, is he an honorable guy?
You know, what does he read?
You know, how does he vote?
What does he say?
Does he cuss?
Does he, you know, does he lie?
Does he, you know, is he a,
you know, a bad guy.
And because you only develop discernment in decision making when you suffer the consequences of your decisions.
And that's the way you create, that's the way you create knowledgeable decisions is you take off the facade of, hey, it's okay.
I'll just make all those decisions for you.
you take that off and suddenly you're exposed to the importance of your own decisions, well then you start investing in it.
You start, oh, I wonder if this outfit's better, that outfit's better.
In food in America, as long as the government is in charge of it, all we care about is, well, did the government say it's safe?
Well, we all know about agency capture.
We all know that the
you know, the inmates are running the asylum at the USDA and the industry's running them and the pharmaceutical companies are running them.
And so what we have is, you know, 75% consumption of toxic food that shouldn't ever be eaten, but you know, the government says Twinkies is okay.
The government says, you know, Fruit Loops is okay.
The government says, you know, all this is okay.
So we don't even think about it.
And as a result,
We end up, you know with processed food and nutrient deficiency and sickness and and then the pharmaceutical companies get to make more money Keeping us sick.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah a lot of money to be made in sickness Yes, that's why they call it sick care That's right combined question from Vita Olga seven and howdy horse first part How do we understand organic free-range cage free labels, etc?
And the follow-up is, what are the best foods to buy at our grocery store, cleanest and most healthy?

[SPEAKER_09]
What a great question.
All right, so the confusing labeling issue is you have to realize that the people who write and develop and sanction licensed labels are not at all interested in truth.
They are interested in cleverly speaking and messaging something that will emotionally resonate with you.
And so that's why organic is now being completely co-opted by soil systems, hydroponics, aeroponics.
95% of all organic chicken is raised in a factory house.
Free range means that there's a pop door.
The chickens can once in a while step outside if they want to, but there's not really anything for them to go out for.
So they just stay inside.
And so all of this has been obfuscated.
And so the answer, this is one time when Michelle Obama was right, know your farmer, know your food.
And so there are few things as ridiculous as thinking that you can have an integrity, authentic food supply
And not make any changes you know what we want to do is we want to point fingers well if those people over there would just do the right thing and that guy over there would just do the right thing and if that agency over there would just do the right thing and we're all pointing fingers.
And we don't want to make any change and and that's not the way things happen the way change happens is.
to make a change with the person that's looking back at you in the mirror and pull up your big boy pants and big girl britches and say, okay, I'm going to make a change or I'm going to take personal responsibility.
I'm not going to subcontract my responsibility for somebody over there that just has alphabet soup behind their name.
So the confusing labels are only confusing because you're not, and I'm saying this with all the love I can imagine, because you're not investing the turn off Netflix, turn off the TV, turn, you know, turn off the whatever your
fooling around with and invest time and attention in understanding what this is, visiting farms, attending health and wellness conferences, join Weston A.
Price Foundation, get their Smart Shopper Guide.
There are plenty of non governmental kind of screening, independent outfits to help you understand.
Now, the 2nd question, what's best in the supermarket?
So my answer to that is quit buying food at the supermarket.
Your goal should be as little there as you can.
You can buy toilet paper there.
You can buy facial tissue.
But you know, picnic cups, paper plates, those are all fine things to buy at the supermarket.
But essentially, you want to completely opt out of the supermarket as much as possible.
And so don't ask me to go into, I have tried more than once to try to get into a supermarket.
Supermarket is the worst client I could ever possibly sell through.
They're slow pay, they take 90 days to pay.
You can't talk to anybody.
Try calling Kroger.
You can't talk to anybody.

[SPEAKER_08]
It's like going to a hospital, right?

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, it's like going to a hospital.
Exactly.

[SPEAKER_08]
It's the last place you want to go if you're sick.

[SPEAKER_09]
Or try to call the pharmaceutical company that made a prescription drug and ask them any questions about it.
You're going to get
you know, punch 5% and get 10 robots and nothing's gonna.
So the goal is not to shop at the supermarket, but to circumvent the supermarket.
That's the idea.
That's where we need to go.

[SPEAKER_05]
Joel, thank you for all the answering all those great questions.
And for your generosity with your time this evening.
It's been a fantastic conversation and always a pleasure just hearing you talk.
Thank you so much.

[SPEAKER_09]
Thank you for having me.

[SPEAKER_05]
Thank you, Joel.
One thing, I played a trailer from the film, The Lunatic Farmer, at the top of the show.
Were you involved in producing that?
Or was it another team that came and you said, sure.
And where can we find that film?

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, so I was not involved with it at all, except I was the subject matter.
This was a small production company called Canon, Canon Productions out of Washington State.
And they wanted to come and do it as part of a, they had started a master's program where they featured
They're a faith-based group and they wanted to feature masters, sculptors, artists, songwriters, actors who were masters of their art as an expression of their faith.
And I was kind of the first kind of vocational one that they looked at.
And they came here.
And when they came here, they realized, ooh, this is this is not just a 30 minute little clip.
This is this is bigger than that.
And and Theresa and I, when we saw it the first time, we were just we couldn't believe how
how nicely the cinematography, the storytelling, how they captured our spirit, our essence, our art better than anything and we were just so grateful and it's really gotten some traction.
So the Lunatic Farmer, I mean it's still available on Angel Studios, Canon Productions, I actually don't know where all it's available but if you
If you Google up the Lunatic Farm, I'm sure something will pop up.
It's had like 45 million impressions.
I mean, it's really gotten some traction.
And let me admit, it has kind of changed our lives here a little bit with a lot of extra whatever, podcasts, interest, customers, different things.
And so it's been a fun ride.

[SPEAKER_05]
Fantastic, I love those kinds of stories, especially with well-produced documentaries.
Well, thank you, Joel, and appreciate your everything, and hopefully you'll come back and join us later on into Bobby's administration, and maybe we can figure out if he's doing some good.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, that sounds good.
Thank you all very much.
It's been wonderful to be with you.

[SPEAKER_05]
Thank you, Joel.
Everyone else hang out with us for a little bit.
I want to chat with Steve for a few, and then I've got a couple of announcements and I want to end with a video of the new head of the CDC.
First, Steve, you put out an interesting substack this week.
You actually put a couple of them, but one of them was about the impartial analysis of their death reports in kids under 18.
And I just wanted to get your analysis on that.

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, it was pretty troubling.
I don't have the article in front of me, but it thought like 75% or so of the assessments in various were correct, in which case...
You know, the medical community like totally writes off theirs, you know, that's the stunning thing.
We went from like the flu shots have like 10 or 15 reports in a year for flu vaccine and the COVID vaccines are like 10,000 over the same period.
So it's
It's increased by like 350 when you account for the COVID shots that two shots for versus delivering one for the flu shot.
So, you know, there's this I basically just went into various and I said, find me all the cases.
of kids under 18 that were reported dead from the COVID vaccine.
And then I asked these AI bots to assess whether or not that they objectively
would consider those deaths to be related to the vaccine or that people just got it wrong.
And it basically, what was the, 75% were attributed to the vaccine and only 8% were deemed to be unrelated.
The remaining would lack sufficient detail to render a judgment.
which means if you look at 75% and eight as the ones where it could apply on things, then you're looking at virtually all of the deaths were caused by the vaccine.
So I think like when you consider that number of deaths and you consider that various is underreported by a factor of 44 for death,
Multiply that number by 44, that's how many kids effectively, approximately, were killed by the COVID vaccine.
And that's nowhere near, that's way higher than the number of kids that were killed by COVID.
And I should probably complement that with a search in the underlying cause of death database for kids under 18 killed by COVID and see what that number is.
But a lot of times they obscure any number that's less than 20 because, look, if you said that there were two kids in America that were killed by COVID-19, like everybody would instantly know who those kids were.
Right?
Because that's the way they think.
They think that if I told you two kids died in the United States from COVID, that everybody would be able to name the two kids.
That's why it's a privacy violation.
I don't know how they figure that one out, but um, you know, it's yeah.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_05]
The uh, the mrna covid vaccines are in the childhood schedule.
Like I think they get like three shots right out the gate at six months.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, it's, it's pretty horrible.
Nobody's, it's not, it's solving a non-problem.
It's orders of magnitude lower for kids.
than it is for adults in terms of the deaths.
And so, and it's not working for, for the adults.
It's not, it's not reducing the, uh, the COVID mortality.
Like it's insane.
There's, there's no benefit.
These kids are just being killed by the government.
And of course a lot of the parents are gaslit into believing that, Oh, it's just a coincidence.

[SPEAKER_05]
Oh yeah.
It's a cult, uh, on the, uh, pro vac side.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yep.
Yep.
And I am a misinformation spreader.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yes.
You are the bad guy.
I'm a really bad ombre.
Well, I want to, I want to remind everyone that we are a five Oh one C three.
and we rely solely on the support from our donors and everything we do from hosting weekly webinars and producing vital educational content to providing a platform for truth relies entirely on your generous support.
So I'm going to just share on the screen here.
Our mission is to amplify the voices of the vaccine injured, challenge the mainstream narrative, and demand real medical transparency.
And if you believe in this fight, I ask you to stand with us.
Every donation, no matter the size, fuels this movement and keeps the truth alive.
Visit VAX Safety.
dot org backslash donate.
You can also text VSRF to 53555.
I'm going to just resize this a little bit.
And that's, those are ways to contribute.
And also we've got our t-shirts, our new shirts here.
Don't forget about our Farms Over Pharma t-shirt.
That's another way to contribute.
Featuring a powerful quote from Joel Saliton on the back, our guest this evening,
Show your support and wear the message loud and proud, order yours now.
Janet will put the link in the chat.
And then lastly, next week's guest, let's see here, next week's guest, we have Colleen, Dr. Colleen Huber is back to join us.
She will be discussing cancer, vaccine injury and her latest book will also be joined by a retired registered nurse, Leslie, who will share a deeply personal and heartbreaking experience with the tragic losses caused by the COVID vaccines.
So join us next week for a brand new episode.
And Steve, I don't know how much you know about the new CDC director, the new nominee.
She's not confirmed yet, but it sounds like she's a slam dunk.
Her name is Susan Monarez.
She's a PhD, who was previously the Deputy Director of the Advanced Research Projects Agency for Health, also known as ARPA-H. What do you know about her, Steve?

[SPEAKER_08]
Not that much.
I did a post on Twitter earlier before the show started.
I did an AI search, AI bot search on a neutral AI bot.
So you could learn the truth rather than the distorted truth.
And the net result was, man, kind of a lot of unanswered questions.
So, yeah, that's, uh, it's, uh, she wouldn't be my first choice.

[SPEAKER_05]
No, she does not seem aligned with, uh, the maha make America healthy again.
She's very much, uh, and technologist, I guess.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_08]
And she was pushing the shots, uh, as recently as 20, 24 cent, get your shots lined up for your mRNA shots.
Man, that's not the, that wouldn't be my first choice.
And so it's amazing.
with 340 million people in the United States that this was the second best person we could come up with.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
Yeah.
There were several other choices that people were pushing for.

[SPEAKER_08]
Joe Lattopo would have been a much better, would have been a great hire.

[SPEAKER_05]
But yeah, who knows what's really going on behind the scenes.
Are these deals that were done?
I'll trade you.

[SPEAKER_08]
I just don't get invited to the right.
I just don't get invited to those meetings for some reason.

[SPEAKER_05]
No, that's a shame.
That's a shame.
Yep.
Well, Steve.
Well, we'll see.
Actually, I'm going to close with a video.
This video is from DARPA TV just this past November so that she did this video right before she was appointed as the interim CDC director where she discusses ARPA-H's vision for investing in AI and how the agency is leveraging digital technologies to advance its mission of accelerating better health outcomes for everyone.
Her views don't seem to line up with what Joel and you were talking about earlier today in any way, shape or form.
It's all digital technology health.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, we're, we're, we're just misinformation spreaders.
That's all.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
What do we know?
Well, what do we know?
Thank you everyone for joining us this evening and we will see you all next week.
Have a great rest of your evening and weekend.
Good night.
Thanks, Steve.
Thanks Olivia.

[SPEAKER_03]
We think about advancing AI for healthcare in a number of different facets.
So some are direct to the patients.
What tools and what capabilities can we develop to help them really understand where they are in their healthcare journey and empower them to make great decisions.
We also think about AI from the provider side.
So how can we help providers better understand their patients?
How can we help providers optimize their time within the health system as they're seeing patients, as they're trying to make complex decisions to create the conditions for improved patient health outcomes?
We also think about AI from the defensive side.
So we understand that there is a great vulnerability within the health ecosystem.
More and more is coming online and the Internet of Things that are going to have an incredibly positive effect.
But we also know it creates vulnerabilities.
And so we're using that same AI technology to help defend against those vulnerabilities, to anticipate the negative implications that are happening within the health systems and to try to stay ahead of it.
ARPA-H takes on the entirety of the health ecosystem.
It's not just biomedical research.
It's not just resilient systems.
It's not just investing in the tech of the future.
It is all of those.
And what we do is we actually go out and we seek these incredible innovators, we call them our program managers, and they come to us and they say, you know, here are the big problems that we're seeing in the health ecosystem space.
we will fund anything across the health ecosystem so long as it helps further our mission which is to improve health outcomes for everyone.
So the AI cyber challenge fits so well within the mission of ARPA-H in that we are funding traditional type programs which are big and bold and ambitious.
We also fund these challenges where we know that there is a
large problem within the health ecosystem.
And we need to have the most innovative solutions come to the table to come in and look at that problem set in an entirely different way.
And we have said, here are what we understand are those problems.
And we've given them the access to so much of the capability that we see here at DEFCON.
And we say, we are going to tell you what the solution is.
You tell us how you would solve that problem.
And we incentivize it through this challenge structure.
The incredible benefit that ARPA-H is going to get from launching this type of a challenge is that we are going to see a diversity of solutions that come out from all of these challenged competitors, where they don't look at the problem the same way.
They each come with their own perspective, and they say, here's how I would solve this problem.
Here's the vulnerability that I'm finding.
And we will be the beneficiaries.
And ultimately, the whole health ecosystem will be the beneficiaries.
of what they're developing.
So through this first year where we're getting to the semifinals and then through the next year we're actually getting to those finalists, we're already seeing some incredible work that's coming out of these competitors and we're leveraging it to help solve some of these big problems.
Coming into the AICC city is, I think, so well choreographed to understand the vulnerabilities that exist across the health ecosystem.
So whether it is a clinical care site, an emergency room, provider back office,
All of that is collectively now represented in AICC.
So the cleverness of who came together to think about what needs to be present to create a healthy ecosystem, to drive the competition so that AI cyber challenge really is well represented by what we see in the infrastructure of this village is
incredibly well formulated it is so thoughtful it should allow anyone who is wondering what does it look like in a healthcare ecosystem to understand the vulnerabilities that are present in a way that maybe they've never even been able to think about they've never experienced they never
understood where do those vulnerabilities come from?
How do you identify them?
How do you bend against them?
That is all represented here in the AICC village.
But this space is moving so fast that we're also hoping that it illuminates something that can help us anticipate what is the threat space of tomorrow or two years from now or five years from now.
And so as we build the capabilities over the next year of AICC, it was going to help lead us to what are we doing?
in our program portfolio in 2027 or 2029 or 2035 because it is going to continue to evolve and this is the place where we really think that we can drive technical understanding of how this is evolving and what do we need to do now to shape the future to be able to continue to have safe operations within our health systems.
One of the other great benefits of having ARPA-H here and really being at the forefront of this technology is part of our core principles as an agency.
We really want to make sure that the capabilities being developed are democratized in such a way is that they will benefit not just the large health systems.
those that have revenue margins where they can bring on the greatest technologies to be able to create a safe and secure environment, but also those who operate on a very low margin.
So those in the rural environment, critical access hospitals, FQHC is all of which have the same sets of vulnerabilities.
Now when we create these capabilities, our goal is to make sure that they are accessible and they are affordable and implementable so that we create a safer space across the health ecosystem.
We also want to make sure that we are recruiting program managers that come in with the same level of energy and excitement to really identify
critical problems that they see within the health ecosystem that they want to help be part of the solution.
And when they come to ARPA-H, we give them the capabilities to drive forward in significant ways to be able to address those problems.
It has just been an awesome experience.
And I'm so excited that ARPA-H is now part of this collective DEFCON and AICC.
And I'm looking forward to many opportunities to come in the future.
