[SPEAKER_02]
Tonight on VSRF Live, we're diving deep into the Yale study, a groundbreaking yet heavily suppressed investigation into the immune system disturbances linked to COVID-19 vaccination with Dr. Ram Yogendra and Dr. Bruce Patterson, the pioneers who first identified these alarming patterns in post-vaccine patients.

[SPEAKER_04]
But we do find that individuals post-vaccine three, four or five months actually experienced a very same or similar set of symptoms
as what we see in in long haulers.
What's very interesting is you can see by the red dots overlaid with the yellow dots of COVID long haulers and the green dots of acutely infected individuals.
You find that the post vaccination patients have a immune profile
that is very similar to actually COVID long haulers.
And then there's another group of patients.

[SPEAKER_12]
They had COVID, got symptoms, got vaccinated, because they were told by, you know, there's a lot of media coverage about a year and a half ago that getting the vaccine was, quote unquote, going to help you with your long COVID symptoms.
And unfortunately, what that ended up doing was people, a lot of people with long sort of post-COVID complications ended up getting the vaccine and having massive setbacks.
So we have that group of patients.

[SPEAKER_02]
Welcome to VSRF Live, I'm Livio Sanchez, and tonight we're diving into a critical conversation about the recent Yale University Listen study on post-vaccination syndrome, PBS, following COVID-19 vaccination.
Before we begin, I want to emphasize that VSRF is a neutral platform committed to open dialogue.
The discussion in this episode is not intended to serve as a comprehensive analysis of the study, nor should it replace an independent review.
We encourage
all of you to read Yale's official press release and the full study, both of which are available in the chat.
And as always, nothing discussed tonight should be considered medical advice.
If you have health concerns, please consult a trusted healthcare professional.
The views expressed today are those of the speakers and do not necessarily reflect the views of VSRF.
Tonight we're tackling Yale's groundbreaking study on post-vaccination syndrome.
We're joined by two esteemed doctors, Dr. Ram Yogendra and Dr. Bruce Patterson, who identified these same immune system disturbances years ago.
Instead of being heard, they were ridiculed and dismissed as charlatans.
Now Yale's findings confirm what they've been saying all along.
Also joining us are two study participants, DSRF's nurse Angela Wulbrecht and Amanda Damian, who will share their personal experiences navigating their own vaccine injuries within the medical industrial complex.
But first, a little background for those of you who are joining VSRF Live for the first time tonight.
The Vaccine Safety Research Foundation was founded by Steve Kirsch, who spoke out early in the pandemic and took action when others wouldn't.
He created the COVID Early Treatment Fund, raising $6 million to research flovoxamine as a potential treatment for COVID.
Despite promising results, his efforts were largely ignored by the mainstream medical community.
When the vaccines rolled out, Steve took his shots, but soon after he noticed people in his close circle experiencing serious health issues immediately after getting the vaccine.
As he began investigating further, what he uncovered horrified him.
This led him to take urgent action, founding the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation to uncover the truth, support those affected,
and advocate for transparency in medical research.
He is a relentless warrior in searching for the truth, challenging misinformation, and demanding accountability from those in power.
And with that said, I'm going to bring on VSRF founder, Steve Kirsch.
Steve, welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you doing this evening?

[SPEAKER_06]
Fighting a little back issue, I was shoveling snow and I think I got a little too aggressive with the snow.
And the trick is that you want to not torque your back at the same time that you're doing the snow.
So you want to be like straight on with the snow rather than taking the snow and shoveling it to the side, twisting your back while lifting, bad thing.
I've been in pain for the last couple of weeks.

[SPEAKER_02]
If you do get real stiff and need to go during the show, just say so.

[SPEAKER_06]
I'll probably last about an hour here.

[SPEAKER_02]
Hopefully we'll keep you as long as you can stand it.
There's a legend t-shirt.
Awesome.
And because I think we're going to have an outstanding conversation tonight.
There it is.
The legend on the airplane right there.

[SPEAKER_06]
This was what like, did I get like 34 million views on that one?

[SPEAKER_02]
That made big news.
That was when you actually, that was pretty cool for the women.
Yeah.
I'm going to play our promotional video, Steve, before we bring on our guests, just for some of the people that don't know too much about us.
I'm going to show a little video that explains what VSRF is all about.
Here we come.

[SPEAKER_06]
According to over 12 studies, the vaccines are killing at least 15 people for every person that it might save.
And we're permanently disabling even more.
And for kids, I've seen the risk-benefit analysis.
We will kill 100 kids for every child we might save from COVID.

[SPEAKER_11]
You're describing
pure intellectual inquiry motivated by, you know, curiosity and concern, which is great.
But you're also doing this in a context, and the context is the spring of 2021, where you are not allowed to question the vaccine if you want to remain friends with people, if you want to be considered a serious person, if you don't want to be trashed on Wikipedia as you have been.

[SPEAKER_06]
The benefits for being a misinformation spreader, which means you are calling for data transparency and you're just looking for the truth, is that you have lifetime bans on LinkedIn, Medium, Twitter, two lifetime bans, Wikipedia, stripped of National Caring Award on my Wikipedia page, the friends abandon you, country club won't take you, corporate boards tell you to shut up or leave, your scientific advisory boards quits en masse, and so on and so forth.
The former head of the Institute of Infectious Diseases is here in San Francisco promoting his new book, On Call.
You know they found out that 98% of the people who got COVID in Santa Clara County 98% There's evidence of malfeasance at the Santa Clara County Public Health Department
I will be filing a formal written complaint later today asking for an investigation.

[SPEAKER_11]
And so you spend your whole life gathering accolades, going to impressive schools, making a ton of money, being celebrated in the press.
And you must know on some level, because you're smart, that if you start talking about this stuff, all of that is over and you're going to be a thought criminal and people are going to look at you sideways.
Did you know that?

[SPEAKER_06]
No, I had no idea.
I thought that if I told the truth and I let people know about the facts and the data that I had uncovered,
that people would basically say, oh, you're right.
This looks like a big problem.
We need to stop the shots.
And I told my wife after, you know, before I did this, I said, hey, this will be over in like two weeks.
I mean, the data is so clear that this is going to be done in two weeks.
And we're still at it after all this time.

[SPEAKER_09]
Go take the vaccine.
When you're a nurse and you're forced to take it to put food on the table.

[SPEAKER_14]
Forced to take it?
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_09]
You weren't forced to take it?
Yes, I was.
No, you weren't.
I was.
To hold my job, yeah, as a nurse.
Nobody tied you down and put a fucking needle in your arm.

[SPEAKER_01]
Angela is the powerhouse nurse for the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation.

[SPEAKER_13]
What these injured need is number one.
They need to be acknowledged.
They need treatment.

[SPEAKER_02]
Have any of the doctors seen anything like this before?

[SPEAKER_00]
No.
I've had multiple doctors tell me they've never seen this before, that it's just a coincidence that it's happening to me now.

[SPEAKER_14]
It's a coincidence that it happened at the same time of the vaccine.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_06]
I've been looking at this data for two years and there is no benefit whatsoever from these COVID vaccines.
In fact, they killed more people than they saved.

[SPEAKER_15]
How are you maintaining your optimism?
What are your next steps?
And what are your personal fears?
And what resources do you have to continue to operate at this level when it's likely that the consequences will be quite serious?

[SPEAKER_06]
So what gives me hope is that people are realizing it because they're seeing the death.
25% of Americans know someone who died from the vaccine.
That's never supposed to happen.
That's never happened for any, you know, shots in history.
Look, in America, 42% of the people would join a class action against the vaccine companies.
That would be the largest class action in history.
You have to hold these people accountable for their actions.

[SPEAKER_02]
As you just saw, VSRF exists because the truth and transparency matters.
We are here because people like Steve Kirsch refuse to look the other way and because so many of you refuse to be silent.
Please visit vsrf.org backslash donate or text 53555 and contribute what you can.
Every dollar makes a difference.
Thank you for standing with us and helping us continue this vital work.
And now, Steve, without further ado, I want to bring our special guests on tonight.
Dr. Bruce Patterson and Dr. Ram Yogendra.
Welcome to VSRF Live, gentlemen.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thank you.
It's our pleasure.

[SPEAKER_02]
Thank you.
I want to read your bios.
For those that don't know about you, Dr. Bruce Patterson is a renowned physician and researcher with expertise in immunology and infectious diseases.
He is the founder and CEO of Inceladex.
a biotech company specializing in diagnostics and therapies for chronic diseases.
IncelDx, is that how I say it, Bruce?
Right.
IncelDx, a biotech company specializing in diagnostics and therapies for chronic diseases, including COVID-19, cancer, and autoimmune disorders.
Dr. Patterson gained recognition for his groundbreaking work on long COVID, where he identified immune system disturbances, including T-cell dysfunction and persistent viral activity in affected patients.
His research has been instrumental in uncovering the mechanisms behind post-viral syndromes, particularly in post-vaccination immune dysfunction.
Despite facing pushback from the medical community, Dr. Patterson's work has significantly advanced understanding in this area, positioning him as a leading expert in the study of chronic immune dysfunctions and post-viral illnesses.
Dr. Ram Yogendra is a board-certified anesthesiologist with extensive experience in the medical field.
In addition to his clinical work, he is a prominent researcher specializing in immunology and infectious diseases.
Dr. Yogendra alongside Dr. Bruce Patterson has been instrumental in identifying immune system disturbances in patients suffering from post-viral syndromes, including long COVID and post-vaccine injuries.
His research has uncovered critical biological markers and immune dysregulation patterns, shedding light on the mechanisms behind these conditions.
Despite facing challenges and having his findings recognized by the mainstream medical community, Dr. Yogendra's dedication to independent scientific research continues to drive forward the understanding of these complex health issues.
His work aims to improve treatment options and raise awareness about the long-term impacts of vaccine-related and viral-induced immune dysfunctions.
Welcome again, both of you, Dr. Yogendra and Dr. Patterson.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I want to start, if you don't mind, Steve, I want to go back before we get into the Yale study.
I want to go all the way back to pre-vaccine COVID times at the very beginning.
And I want to actually start by playing a video from the lead author of the study from back in 2020.
and sort of use that as a departure point for tonight's discussion.
So I'm going to start with this video so that then Dr. Patterson and Dr. Yogendra can share with us their experiences from 2020 and how it matches up with what was being said in this Yale video from way back when.
Here we go.

[SPEAKER_16]
It is thought that it is really the overdrive of the immune response that's leading to the severe cases of COVID-19.
Dr. Iwasaki and her colleagues are trying to decipher the difference between a protective versus a pathologic immune response to COVID-19.
In a normal immune response, what happens is that the immune response kicks in and it starts to recruit cells from the blood, known as the white blood cells, to clear the virus.
But in certain patients, what we're seeing is that the immune system actually goes into overdrive.
Instead of simply getting rid of the virus, the immune system starts secreting cytokines.
And this is known as the cytokine storm.
And instead of helping the host cope with the infection, the cytokines actually can cause damage to the tissue, such as breaking down protective lining of the lung and the blood vessels.
Right now, we don't understand what kind of immune responses are needed to recover from the infection versus what types are driving the disease itself.
We are seeing elevated cytokine levels in the blood.
in the patients that go on to progressive disease compared to those that recover from the infection.
The other thing we're seeing is that lymphocytes acquire this exhausted phenotype in the patients that go on to progressive disease.
And ultimately, the lymphocyte becomes depleted from the patient.
And that is obviously not a good news because a person becomes immunocompromised at that stage.
So we're trying to understand how these things happen in the COVID-19 patients.
The other outcome we're hoping to also obtain are the insights that are needed for better therapy in patients that are suffering from severe disease.
Ultimately, we want to understand what type of immune response we need to suppress so that the patients actually can recover from severe disease.
Even though
research is showing different aspects of the immune response to the virus.
We still don't have a vaccine or therapeutics that can prevent the spread of the disease.
So social distancing and also washing hands and really keeping a healthy lifestyle so that your immune system is as optimal as it can be.
I know this is difficult for many people because they're under such stress from this COVID-19 outbreak.
but it's really important to keep a self-care.

[SPEAKER_02]
A lot to unpack on that trip down memory lane and I want to start with getting both Dr. Patterson and Dr. Yogendra's
um, experience from way back in 2020 and a little bit of background to before 2020.
Cause Bruce, you were talking about how long you've been involved before the show.
And I know Dr. Yoganda had a lot of experience.
So take us back and compare some of the stuff that, that was being said in that video.

[SPEAKER_04]
You know, it was interesting because it really was a trip down memory lane.
And in fact, you know, I, I right around the time,
of that discussion, we had already published that.
I was in China in January 2020.
I saw some of the first data from individuals infected with what we now know as COVID-19.
And it was clear it was an overwhelming innate immune response.
What was described in the video is nothing more than a very vigorous and primordial innate immune response.
That's our only response to pathogens that our bodies have never seen.
That's well before our bodies have this elegant adaptive immune response that is very targeted.
This innate immune response, like we knew that more than anyone else, was this cytokine storm and had very characteristic patterns of inflammation.
And the fact is, the goal had to be to temper that.
Um, because, uh, it's true that type of immunity does some good against emerging infections, but obviously has, um, uh, some, some damaging, uh, aspects to it with, um, cytokines such as TNF alpha interleukin six, which not only cause inflammation, but they cause significant symptoms, including massive fatigue and, and joint muscle pain.

[SPEAKER_02]
How about you, Dr. Yogendra?
What, what were you experiencing way back when?

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, it's, um, you know, definitely a tripped on memory lane.
Probably a lot of us having some PTSD.
I was sort of on the clinical side of things and I actually had friends of mine, uh, coworkers, uh, colleagues of mine, former residents, uh, that I trained with, uh, in the ICU, uh, with Colbert intubated on, on pressers and,
And that's actually how I ended up getting linked up with Dr. Patterson, because he was kind of, you know, one of the pioneers in this space for decades.
And I had some friends of mine said, check out this Bruce Patterson, he's out there talking about this.
And we sent a couple of emails back and forth and was getting some guidance in terms of management of taking care of my friends in the ICU, which is
kind of a very surreal experience.
But, you know, it was a time when we really didn't know what was going on.
Right.
I think we
I think the medical community, we're just puzzled.
We're throwing everything.
We're hearing these drugs that are working.
There's experimental things that are out there.
People are talking about developing the vaccine.
So there's definitely, being on the front lines, truthfully, it's scary.
It's scary.
And to see your friends, I've had colleagues of mine that died during that time from COVID, attendings, people I train with.
Um, yeah, honestly, just even watching, uh, you know, any clips from 2020, just, you know, I get a little, uh, a little nervous, a little PTSD.
And I think most of us that were, whether you're a physician or a nurse or a tech in the front lines, you, it's definitely an experience.
I don't think any of us are going to forget.

[SPEAKER_02]
And Steve, you were funding a study shortly around that time, correct?
When did you start the fluvoxamine study or funding that?
Tell us about your experience back in 2020.

[SPEAKER_06]
Oh, man, that was a long time ago.
So fluvoxamine was before the vaccines came out and we discovered that fluvoxamine was extremely effective in keeping people out of the hospital.
If you gave it in low doses and I got in 60 minutes and of course Facebook I tried to tell my friends I was in 60 minutes and Facebook then banned me for a few days for spreading misinformation that I was giving out 60 minutes.
But it seemed to be remarkably effective at very low doses.
We applied for an EUA at the FDA and they said, well, we don't think there's enough evidence seeing as how you've done it a couple of times now and the results are 100%.
We're still not sure whether the benefits outweigh the risks.
So we're denying your EUA application because the evidence is not there.

[SPEAKER_02]
Meanwhile, I know Dr. Patterson was already treating patients at the time.
This is again before the vaccine.
And how successful were you, Dr. Patterson, in treating COVID patients?
And I think you also mentioned that you were already seeing long COVID patients in 2020.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, definitely.
And we started, obviously, the innate immune system was being driven
by a number of different cytokines.
And one of them that plays a role of, say, a quarterback of the immune system is called RANTES or CCL5.
And it's involved in the CCR5 pathway that tells immune cells where to go.
And like I said, we had clearly identified that this pattern of massive cytokine storm was
monocyte activation, a cell that I had been working on since my HIV days that was underestimated in HIV.
And I think it was completely underestimated early on in acute COVID.
And the key was to reprogram that cell away from being pro-inflammatory and really preserve and minimize tissue destruction.
And the CCR5 antagonists were drugs that, you know, that was their job.
And so we started looking into investigating the CCR5 antagonists early on.
And then by the time we identified patients in our initial acute COVID trial that were 60 days, 90 days out, and their immune systems still weren't back to normal, we then used machine learning and AI at the time before everyone started talking about AI to decipher exactly what, and you showed that in the colored dots, decipher exactly what was
The immunologic signature of long cobit.
So, by the summer of 2020, we had already seen that.
In patients who were not better 90 days after getting acute cobit, they didn't die.
They were at home, but by no stretch of the imagination was their immune system normal.

[SPEAKER_02]
So the vaccines roll out and you start seeing people with some severe injuries that weren't just COVID injuries, but it was, I don't know if you want to use the word coincidence, but the timing was such that the vaccine started to roll out and you started seeing people with some severe symptoms.
And Dr. Yogendra, I know on X you actually detailed all the work you guys were doing and trying to get your work out there and publish.
Can you take us back?
to the post-vaccine era now, what were you experiencing?
What were you trying to do?
And what resistance were you being met with?

[SPEAKER_12]
I think, Livio, just to take one step back before we dive into that,
the papers and the research that Dr. Patterson and I and our team were doing, they were from all that blood work.
We were seeing long COVID, because I know there's a lot of discussion about long COVID and vaccine and just a lot of interesting discussion out there.
I think the important thing is the papers that we put out, we were collecting the blood work from patients who are unvaccinated.
And that was from between, I would say,
It was about June or July of 2020 when we first collected our first long COVID patient until November 2020.
And we had no idea about the vaccine, right?
And Dr. Patterson, I remember having this conversation with him around October of 2020.
Bruce, I don't know if you remember this, but all this data is coming out from the clinical trials from Pfizer and Moderna.
And I remember asking Dr. Patterson, hey, what do you think about these vaccines?
And he goes, I have concerns.
And this is before even looking at any of the data or anything like that.
And, but again, we were not trying to study the vaccine.
We were really looking at the post COVID and the long COVID issue.
And then when we started really treating and opening up the CCTC, our treatment center, again, our main focus was long COVID.
We opened it up around April of 2021.
And I would say about a month after opening, the long COVID patients we were treating were all getting vaccinated and coming to us now and saying, well, we started to get better in some of the treatments you're putting us on, but we got vaccinated and our symptoms got worse.
And then we started seeing patients saying, I never had COVID.
I got vaccinated.
And three days later, these symptoms that they all told me was supposed to go away, these cognitive issues, tachycardias, dysautonomia, fatigue, post-exertional malaise.
It's a month now, and I'm still suffering.
So I would say probably around April, early May of 2021 is when we started to see these patients in our program.

[SPEAKER_06]
Did any patients actually get better after taking the COVID vaccines?

[SPEAKER_12]
Less than 5%.
I will make this point.
There were a couple of patient surveys that came out.
And they did ask the patients, you know, who got better from the vaccines and not initially it was about 10 percent.
But then if you did any sort of follow up about a month later or two months later, all those patients, most of them, I don't want to say all, most of them would say, well, my symptoms came back to baseline.
So that whatever improvement that majority of the patients reported from the vaccine, a couple of weeks later, they were back to their baseline.
So
I would say about 50%, it did nothing to their long COVID symptoms, about another 30 to 40%.
They were so severely, their symptoms were so severe after the vaccine, their long COVID symptoms, all that worse, that to this day in 2025, Dr. Patterson and I are still dealing with those issues.
You know, it's just something.

[SPEAKER_06]
So what was the evidence that people use to recommend taking the vaccine if you have long COVID?
I mean, this seems like the evidence is is completely opposite that it says that you should not take the vaccine if you have long COVID.

[SPEAKER_04]
Steve, Steve, you're actually absolutely right.
And the fact is the one blank I'd like to fill in with what Ram was saying is
By the end of summer of 2020, we had developed a technique to identify
not only whole genome sequencing of the virus to identify reservoirs of RNA, and also mass spec to identify residual spike protein.
And we had started putting the puzzle pieces together that in actuality, the immunosuppression of acute COVID was rampant
And the retention of S1 spike protein in these white blood cells called monocytes was causing monocyte immune activation and profound production of inflammatory cytokines.
So it wasn't a jump.
For us to then say, well, wow, what does it mean using vaccines are essentially targeting the same protein that we're finding doing all this damage in long cobit and in fact.
It helped our hypothesis because it really told the world you don't need viral replication to cause long COVID symptoms because here we have a vaccine that is essentially spike protein and it's causing the exact same symptoms and has a very, very similar pathology.
So we had already built out the technology to start investigating these individuals who claim they never had
COVID, yet we're having the same symptoms as long COVID patients.
And Ram did an amazing job on the clinical side of ruling out that they were ever infected.
I think you should comment on that because we did far more than what was done in the recent study to prove that the patients in our vaccination study never had COVID.

[SPEAKER_06]
So if you had a choice, if you were given a choice, the devil gives you a choice.
You have two choices.
You can either get the virus or you can get the vaccine.
Which one do you pick?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, you know, that's a tough choice, given that the pathology is very, very similar.
Which one would you personally pick, Bruce?
None of the above.

[SPEAKER_06]
No, no, no, devil's choice, so you have to pick one.

[SPEAKER_04]
Being a virologist, I always feel more comfortable dealing with viruses.
The bottom line is we had worked this out with spike and retention of spike and monocytes and all the conditions that that leads to.
In fact, this cell type is the human garbage can.
We've just found Borrelia and Lyme in that same garbage can.
We have this mechanism that I think past infections and maybe even aberrant proteins from other sources can be retained in this long-lived monocytic reservoir and continue to cause inflammation well after bugs may be treated.
And it may be also the key to longevity and aging.

[SPEAKER_06]
OK, but she didn't answer my question.
I take the virus.
You take the virus?
Really?
Yeah.
Dr. Yogendra, would you, same answer, or would you take the
Okay, actually, the virus, that's the right choice, sorry.
My mistake.
Dr. Yagendra, virus or vaccine?

[SPEAKER_12]
You know what, Steve, here, Dr. Patterson and I got vaccinated, right?
So for the record, we've gotten vaccinated before, and neither of us really had any issues.
And that's not to downplay and gaslight the people that are having issues, because we have people on our study
In the paper that we wrote who had vaccine complications.
So this is personally affected as we've got we've got friends that have had that.
So I don't say very, you know, we're not trying to.
You know what it is.
It's a tough question, Steve.
And I'll say, here's the reason why.
we need to understand risk factors here.
So if someone's coming out, and I know you've spoken out about it, and many others have, physicians and highly qualified people have said, we're having issues with the vaccine.
I see this in my practice, whatnot.
But then there's another group of physicians and researchers out there saying, well, I vaccinated 1,000 people and nothing's ever happened.
So now it's a clash of this thing going back and forth.

[SPEAKER_06]
But you believe that by the way, a thousand people and nothing happened.

[SPEAKER_12]
You know what?
See, there's there's always selection bias.
That's like me and Bruce saying 70 percent of the people in our practice are vaccinated.
Right.
And it's well, we are actually targeting those patients.
Right.

[SPEAKER_06]
No, no, no, no, no.
But I'm not.

[SPEAKER_12]
I can't, you know what it is?
I think there's a lot of physicians, a lot of researchers, there are blinders on, right?
To this day, I've lost friends.
I've had physician friends of mine that I trained with, I went to school with, that refused to talk to me, right?
Because the moment I said, hey, there might be something wrong with some people here, it's like they stopped talking to me.
But at the same time, Steve, here's the other issue, that people are getting the virus multiple times.
And on infection number six, they're developing long COVID symptoms.
So, you know, it's a tough, really, and I'm not trying to like dodge it here.
I don't want to interrupt them.

[SPEAKER_06]
I'll give you an alternative.
I'll give you an easier question.
You know, Bruce started by saying that he knew a lot of people who died from COVID.
So my question to you is, you're probably going to guess what it is, which is, do you know more people who have died from COVID
Or from the COVID vaccine personally.
And a lot of times you won't know because if you die from the COVID vaccine, it seems like it's a heart attack or whatever.
And so unless you look into it, it's hard to know.

[SPEAKER_12]
It's a tough question.
I will tell a personal question, a personal situation, Steve.
So my uncle got vaccinated.
He's a physician, got vaccinated.
and he got he ended up getting covid about I would say about five weeks later and I told my entire family I told my entire family he's gotten vaccinated because you know we are hearing this right from the federal agents health agencies and all these experts quote unquote experts and I'm telling my entire family he's going to be okay because this is what they're telling us right I didn't really do a deep dive into things I'm hearing this I'm studying the long covid with Bruce and kind of hearing things on the periphery
he passed away five weeks later and then after the way and a heart attack.
And my cousin called me up.
We've got a physician said, you said that, you know, that this is what the data is showing.
And that's when the light bulb went off.
Like, okay.
So it's, you know, for me, it's affected me personally having that.
So yeah.

[SPEAKER_06]
So you're, you're, you're believing the narrative at the time, basically when you said, Hey, that's what they say.
They say he'll be fine.

[SPEAKER_12]
So if you didn't do a deep dive into it, like yourself, Steve, it's inundating you.
It's in the hospitals, it's in the radio, it's in the magazines.
And if you question the vaccine, you're about to get excommunicated, ostracized, lose your family, have medical boards after you, get death threats.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, well, so I've been doing this for a long time, and I'm in this million dollar bet right now.
And so I've actually uncovered some data sources from, of all places, the US government.
And it shows that the case fatality rate didn't go, if anything, it went up after you got the vaccine.
And if the case fatality rate doesn't drop,
then the only question is, is it protecting you against cases?
And we all know the answer to that is no.
And in fact, there's another database, which is the vaccine rollout database that shows that it wasn't protecting you against infections.
And then we have the big data showing that if you got the booster shots, then you had this incredible peak of cases in Omicron.
And so this is a vaccine which
As far as I can tell, actually had no benefit whatsoever because from a mortality point of view.
OK, so from a mortality point of view, you're either reducing cases or you're reducing the case fatality rate.
And if you don't do either one, which this vaccine and the US government data actually shows this.
And what's interesting is that there isn't any paper
that goes into those primary data sources for uncovering the impact on cases and the impact on case fatality rate.
And because the data is there, it's free from the US government.
It's like 106 million records of people who got COVID and either died or didn't die in 10-year age categories.
And the data is stunning.
There was no effect whatsoever.
And I have never seen anybody write a paper on that because I don't think you're going to be able to get it published.
And so we had the data.
And I've been doing this for like four, it feels like four years now.
And I don't know, I haven't been keeping a stopwatch on it, but it's been a while.
Countless hours.
Countless hours.
Countless hours.
And I didn't know about these two databases at all.
until I'm halfway through this million dollar bet and I'm like, shit, I need something definitive.
And so I find the mother load.
I found these two government databases that I never knew existed, that nobody writes about, that shows conclusively
that the vaccines had no benefit from a mortality point of view, or from even cases as well.
So did you guys know that at all, or is this new news to you?

[SPEAKER_04]
No.
And does this surprise you?
You know, it's, it's, it's just a difficult question.
It doesn't, it doesn't surprise me, but, you know, I worked with a cardio pathologist on our paper.
And, you know, the fact is, you never know what they die of, you know, you're not autopsy every person who dies out there and said, ah, boy, I can.
I can still find spike in the organ that was affected.
I mean, it's just not done.
And again, now we're playing catch-up ball with viral variants.
And it's like the same question in HIV.
Why isn't there an HIV vaccine?
Well, if
they've actually proven that they're safe, but they're also ineffective because of the high mutation rate.
Again, we're chasing the rabbit with vaccine technology right now.
All you're getting now really is a bolus of spike protein, which we've shown to be pathologic in some cases.
That's scary.

[SPEAKER_06]
So the short answer is you're not surprised by what I just said.

[SPEAKER_04]
You know, nothing surprises me about this virus.
It really doesn't.

[SPEAKER_02]
I want to phrase that question slightly differently, Steve, because I was going to save this for later.
The Yale study starts with this sentence.
COVID-19 vaccines have prevented millions of COVID-19 deaths.
And we hear that repeatedly everywhere.
How do you prove that?
Is there a study?
Can they just say that because reasons like.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, they were.
Yeah, they make the claim because there are papers such as the Arbel paper, which looked at this big hospital chain and it's I think it's quite.
Sqalit in Israel, and there are 850,000 patients.
And they showed that if you were vaccinated, that you were 10 times less likely to die from COVID than if you were unvaccinated.
And then Tracy Beth Hoag, Vinay Prasad, and Ram Durasetti of Stanford, and the other two were from UCSF, they wrote in to the New England Journal of Medicine.
And they said, actually, the Arbel paper is incorrect.
Because if you looked at the non-COVID all-cause mortality in the people who chose not to get a vaccine, it was actually 10 times higher.
what they were doing is what was happening is selection bias people who got vaccinated were people who wanted to save their life people who didn't get vaccinated or people on hospice and or who have other medical conditions that it's like why am i getting a vaccine i'm gonna i'm gonna die anyway um and uh in hospice the goal is to keep you comfortable while you're dying not to extend your life and so
there are, once you have 98 or 99 percent of the population that is vaccinated, then that one percent that's remaining can have this extraordinarily different all-cause mortality than the rest of the population, because you're just selecting out a very small sliver of it.
And so they showed this
in this letter, and then the original authors then tried to backpedal unsuccessfully.
And so it shows that you can have this vaccine efficacy of 90%
that once you do the study correctly and you account for the differences in mortality between the cohorts, you will find that the vaccine efficacy was zero, which is exactly what I found when I looked at the case fatality rate before the vaccines were rolled out versus after in the same cohort.
That's the key thing.
You have to look at the entire cohort before the vaccines roll out and then see what happens to the entire cohort after the vaccines roll out.
But what people do is they look at the cohort before and then they divide the cohort into these two groups, one that goes up and the other one goes down.
And that's because you have this selection bias, which is causing this.
So people were fooled.
by these papers, which were not well done, stating that, oh, shit, 10 times effectiveness, we would have saved millions of lives with this vaccine.
And it was basically shown.
in this key paper that people were relying on, because it's from Israel.
And so these guys basically shot it down.
And they said, they're trying to get a follow-up published, but it's been really hard, the guys that shot it down.
And so that's why people believe that these COVID vaccines have saved lives, and they never look
at the case fatality rate differences once the vaccine's rolled up because it's not there.
And they just don't, they don't even know about the database, just like I didn't know about the database.
I just found out about it, 106 million records.
Took me like five minutes to go process all those records, probably less than that time, to process it in a little Python script that I wrote.
Five minutes, and I had all the answers.

[SPEAKER_02]
Real quick, Dr. Patterson and Uganda, do you follow that?
Do you agree with what Steve's saying?
as far as that claim and where it comes from and how false it is.

[SPEAKER_12]
You know, Olivia, I'll just jump in real quick.
You know, one of the things that I think we did in 2021 and what we continue to do is we're really looking at mechanisms here and looking at ways to treat these patients.
I personally haven't really
You know, we didn't comment about prevalence or these numbers in our paper because quite frankly, we just.
We're just a little tiny group, all self-funded.
So we didn't have the resources to do big population or prevalence studies.
So our focus, and we're not trying to dodge the question now by asking, if the data is there and is available, we'd love to see it.
But we are really trying to describe a mechanism here.
And our our discussion, our research is more about, OK, there are, let's say, X number of people, a certain percentage of people that are having vaccine complications.
What do we do about it?
Like, we've got to get these people better.
I think that's sort of how Dr. Patterson and our brains are sort of wired that way is kind of going, all right, we found this.
What do we do?
What do we you know, we got to get clinical trials.
We got to we actually have to
You know, I'm so excited that we have a new administration and with RFK and Dr. Bhattacharya, a new leadership that's at least going to say,
OK, instead of just ignoring it and brushing it under the rug, let's do something about it.
So I think that's where at least our focus has been.
I'll let Bruce sort of comment on just what I said.
So me personally, I've definitely seen the discussions.
I've seen Steve and others really talk about this.
And quite frankly, we have seen in our practice alone, just between Dr. Patterson and I, we've seen over 1,000 vaccine-injured patients.
You know, I'm not going to say like a percentage, but between two doctors, if we've seen over a thousand backs, patient backs, injured patients, we have two doctors on our own paper who are vaccine injured.
Um, you know, I, yeah, I mean, Steve, I didn't even know how many doctors on your paper.
I think we have, what, like seven or eight?
Yeah.
Well, one of the, one of, there was one person on our team actually threatened Bruce and I said that the first question was, why are you guys studying the vaccine?
And I'm, you know, was very, very angry with us.
So we kind of like add all this data.
We wrote the paper, we were sending the paper to the NIH and the FDA and not putting it on the pre-print server because we were having internal discussions.
And Dr. Bruce and I, our argument was like, we have a moral and ethical obligation as a segment, you know, in your initial with Steve talking about it.
Hey, listen, we found something and we wanted to share it with the world.
Right.
And so
We still to this day get the, why are you guys studying this?
Why are you guys looking at this?
And we stumbled upon this.
We're not vaccine researchers, at least not me.
Bruce has got a lot of experience in virology and vaccinology, but we were really focused on long COVID and we stumbled upon this.
So I'll let Bruce.
Yeah, go ahead.

[SPEAKER_04]
The bottom line is we found this three years ago, and we've been waiting for somebody to corroborate our findings, which to some extent just happened.
But we haven't been just sitting on our hands over the last three years.
I mean, we found a mechanism.
There may be others.
But we certainly found a mechanism that we could start to treat rationally.
And indeed, we have
I'll be treated over a thousand patients.
So, you know, and with a good deal of success.
So, you know, that's where our focus has been until this paper came out.
And obviously, so many of the findings were exactly what we had tried to publish three years ago.

[SPEAKER_06]
Any surprises?
When you saw the paper, was there anything in the paper that you didn't know that you said, oh my gosh, we didn't realize this, we just learned something?

[SPEAKER_04]
Not really.
But I think Ram had such a good point when we spoke earlier today about selection of patients.
And maybe Ram, you could go into that because it's so important.
We have patients who come in all the time and say, oh, well, I've never had COVID.
And I said, well, your interleukin 6 is sky high, so is your TNF alpha.
I think he had COVID in the last month, the three months, and so much of it is asymptomatic, but the key is mild or asymptomatic COVID still causes low CD8 T cell counts, T cell exhaustion, lack of production of Granzyme A, which we published, which is the magic bullet for
for CD8s killing viral infected cells.
So there was all this impairment of immune cells, which Iwasaki was talking about in that video, which came out in our first paper in March of 2020.
So I'm not surprised where she got a lot of that.

[SPEAKER_02]
I want to jump to another video with her from 2022.
I'm going to share this back into the time machine.

[SPEAKER_03]
Is there an agreeing upon clinical definition for long COVID?
Tell us a little bit about, you know, the symptoms and how you kind of classify it now.

[SPEAKER_16]
Right, so there is no universal clinical case definition for long COVID, but the CDC definition says that new and returning or ongoing health problems in people who have at least four or more weeks after the first infection with SARS-CoV-2.
The WHO definition is similar, but they usually say within three months of initial diagnosis,
and symptoms lasting for over two months.
And so slight difference, but overall, at least four weeks, if not two months or 12 weeks is used by another agency.
The types of symptoms that are reported is vast.
There are over 200 symptoms being reported for long COVID.
And that includes things like fatigue, shortness of breath, memory impediments, and GI symptoms, many, many.
Different organ systems being involved.

[SPEAKER_02]
So, does that match up with what you guys were seeing at the time?
And I believe at that time, they may been in the early stages of the study that just was published or close to it.

[SPEAKER_04]
And yeah, and I think, I think that's a fair description, but I think.
When you think about it, what causes GI symptoms?
Well, immune activation since 98% of your immune cells lie in your gut.
Even anxiety is caused by two cytokines called interleukin-1-beta and TNF-alpha.
So, inflammation can cause things that you wouldn't really expect in terms of symptoms like anxiety and depression.
GI issues, shortness of breath.
When I start seeing joint muscle pain, then I suspect Lyme.
But it's a fair description of the symptoms.
Our counter would be that if you look at many of those symptoms, so many of them, if you go into literature, are basically a result of chronic inflammation.
I think chronic inflammation is the new pandemic.
and I think it applies across all things post-infection and maybe even, you know, some of these other foreign proteins that are introduced into the body.

[SPEAKER_02]
Is there a difference between the long COVID patients you're seeing and the ones that are post-vaccine injured?

[SPEAKER_04]
There is, and that's in our paper.
We found an immune signature as you saw in the initial
picture of one of our figures with the red dots versus the yellow dots.
There was differences, but there was clearly some similarities.
For instance, the similarities are the fact that long COVID, long vax, Lyme, Chronic Fatigue Syndrome all have vascular inflammation because of the propensity of these non-classical monocytes to bind to blood vessels.
It's basically like
a shuttle service to bring inflammatory proteins to the blood vessels and cause vascular inflammation.
However, there was some differences.
In machine learning, there's something called a confusion matrix.
It's just a matrix of we had five different clinical conditions, long COVID, long backs, Lyme, Chronic Fatigue Syndrome, and acute COVID.
What it did is it found differences and similarities between all of them.
And if there is any overlap, long vax overlaps with Lyme diagnostically.
But the way to distinguish some is the fact that Lyme has very high levels of interferon gamma and long vax does not.
So yes, we can identify who has long COVID versus who has long vax, who has Lyme.
And I think that is absolutely critical in terms of how you treat these individuals.

[SPEAKER_06]
Let me ask you that the million dollar question here, which is.
They in the Yale study, I think they found a spike protein existed like 700 days or so after vaccination.
There are only 2 ways that that can happen.
One is that the spike protein survives for a very long time, or it's being integrated into the DNA and being remanufactured.
What is the answer to the million dollar question?

[SPEAKER_04]
I haven't seen any great data that answers it definitively, although I know from our data that spike protein can essentially hang out for a long, long period of time, especially since so many cells get infected during acute infecting.
So many cells produce spike protein in vaccination that it's not a surprise that
The levels of spike are detectable in plasma as they did, but more importantly than free spike is spike that are in cells that go right the blood vessels, which is what we found.
So I think it's long lived.

[SPEAKER_06]
You think it's long lived.
So is the level then of the spike protein that's detected, does that go down over time then?
Because if it's long lived, then it's going to go down over time.
Whereas if it's reintroduced, it could go up over time or remain stable.
So what happens over time?

[SPEAKER_04]
Good question.
I haven't seen those exact curves.
What we found is that we can eliminate the spike containing monocytes by inducing apoptosis with our drug combination and keeping those cells from binding to blood vessels.
And during apoptosis, which is cell death, you make proteolytic enzymes that presumably digest
their payload as well as digesting the cellular proteins.
So I think that's a way to get rid of the ones that are being carried.
Now, free protein floating around I think is more difficult to clear, but I think ultimately it would get cleared by our normal mechanisms, either most likely renal.

[SPEAKER_06]
So do you have data then looking at it over time, looking at the level of spike protein over time in given individuals?
I mean, that would definitively answer the question.
Like, does it go up?
Does it go down?
Or does it remain the same?

[SPEAKER_04]
We do and but we have it in the monocyte, you know, let's call it the monocyte payload in and being carried by white blood cells.
And it does it stays stable for a long period of time.
Year year and a half.
But we can, like I said, we can induce the death of those cells.

[SPEAKER_06]
Right.
So that would suggest that it's not being integrated into the DNA because if it was, then you would expect that the levels would increase.
I would think so.
Very interesting.
Learned something new.

[SPEAKER_02]
So I want to bring us into the present, but the, the last video that I want to play from Akiko was recorded on May 4th, 2024.
So they're well into the study at this point and they're probably seeing some of the results.
Would that be accurate to say Dr. Patterson and Dr. Uganda that if she's talking in May, 2024 and it's released just a couple of weeks ago, we would, they would see what's going on with the, these vaccine injured.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, I believe they, yeah, I think they wrote it.
I think in the paper, I think they started in December of 2022, looking at some of the vaccine issues.
So I would assume they were seeing is even, you know, probably the early 2022 and something sparked their interest to, to really look into this.
So definitely.

[SPEAKER_02]
All right.
Let me play this video.

[SPEAKER_05]
I think there seems to be some miscues about the risk of long COVID even as we go along with the continued circulation, circulating virus.

[SPEAKER_16]
Right.
So, you know, when you look at the epidemiological evidence of long COVID, clearly in the beginning when we had no vaccines, no antivirals, no real good measure against COVID, the incident of, you know, developing long COVID per infection was higher.
than a current date where we do have vaccines and Omicron may have changed its property significantly.
So if you compare, let's say the Delta period versus Omicron period, there seems to be a reduced risk per infection of long COVID.
However, Omicron is super infectious.
It's infected millions of people.
And if you look at the total number of people suffering from long COVID, we're not seeing a huge decline there at all.
because of the transmissibility of Omicron.
So I think it's too early for us to say, OK, the rates are declining.
We don't need to worry about it.
Not at all.
I think we still have to be vigilant.
We need to be up to date on vaccines and boosters, because those seem to reduce the risk for long COVID.
And whether Paxlovid can reduce the rate of long COVID at the acute phase,
You know, for the high risk individual, it seems to be yes.
But for people who are not, you know, high risk may or may not be very effective.
So again, we just need to be very cautious.
You know, it's difficult, obviously, to be completely, you know, avoiding virus at this time point.
But I think masking and, you know, anything you can do, vaccination boosters, is going to be helpful.

[SPEAKER_02]
So at this point, they see some of the results and she's still saying you should be boosted up to date on your boosters and even saying masking.
I'm just curious your thoughts on that.

[SPEAKER_06]
Would you guys ever wear a mask?

[SPEAKER_04]
You know, I, um,
I did for a long time.

[SPEAKER_06]
You wore a mask?

[SPEAKER_04]
I did.

[SPEAKER_06]
Bruce, where's the science on that one?

[SPEAKER_04]
Obviously, it's not like I wore a bandana or some of the cloth things that I see all the time.
But anyway, eventually I did away with that.

[SPEAKER_06]
Do you believe they worked?

[SPEAKER_04]
It remains to be seen.
Okay.
And you know, I don't know that what data exists that could either either prove that they did or they didn't.

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, there's been no study that shows that they worked other than that.
Yeah, that's fair.
What got me about that clip though, is that she said, yeah, they came out of the blue.
I mean that like mascot never worked before.
And then all of a sudden, Hey, if it's the solution, yeah, you really have to be suspicious on that one, especially when it comes out and there is no study that precipitates that it just comes out of the blue.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
Although I have to add the caveat because I was growing HIV in the early days, 1990, 1991, 1992.
you know, masks, I think, saved more than a few splatters in my... Yeah, splatters.

[SPEAKER_06]
Splatters, I'm a believer.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, that's another conversation.
If you want to hear my thoughts on the origins of COVID, that's a good story that deserves a cocktail party.

[SPEAKER_06]
Origins of COVID or origins of HIV?
Both.

[SPEAKER_04]
I got great stories on both of them.

[SPEAKER_06]
Can you quickly summarize?

[SPEAKER_04]
No, I'm going to save it.
I may do a book one of these days.
But if you want a good story for a cocktail party, that would be two of them.

[SPEAKER_02]
OK.
Excellent.
I wanted to get back to her continuing to recommend having the study ongoing.
what your thoughts on her recommending being up to date on your boosters?
Not full well that there's, she didn't even mention that there's vaccine injured in the study yet in May of 2024.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, it's, you know, it's, it's a, that again, it's a tough question.
It goes back to understanding risk factors, right?
What are the risk factors?
Cause a lot of millions of people have had COVID, but not every one of them, not all of them have,
develop post-COVID symptoms.
Why?
You're going to have the argument from physicians, researchers, the medical community, we've got billions of doses of the vaccines, we're not seeing anything, but then there are researchers like ourselves and Steve and others that say, I don't know, we're picking this up.
Right.
And then you're saying, well, no, I got vaccinated.
I didn't have any issues.
I mean, Dr. Patterson and I lived in states that it was mandated.
So you lose your job, you lose your license.
They, you know, so we got the vaccine, but nothing happened.
You know, I tested my blood using Bruce's test just to make sure, you know, I'm seeing all of these things and.
Okay, I'm okay.
But I think my point is like, we don't know risk factors, right?
Who is someone that's going to develop long COVID?
Who is someone that's going to develop long COVID and get vaccinated, and they're going to have significant setbacks, right?
So unless you have that data, it's very hard giving advice
or giving recommendations.
Because what happens if I tell a patient that has post-COVID, long COVID issues, and I say, go get vaccinated?
And they come back a month later and say, all our symptoms are bad.
We test their blood.
All their cytokines and inflammatory markers are bad.
I mean, they're going to, as a physician, that's just not what we're trying to take care of people.
We want to get you better.
So I think it's a really tough,
question.
But at the same time, you've got patients that develop COVID, develop long COVID, we've gotten better through some of the medications that we're studying in clinical trials, and then they get COVID again, they're back to square one, or they get repeated COVID infections, and infection number seven, they're bed bound.
And you know what, these are not lazy people.
These are very high functioning people.
I'm talking about the long COVID people, right?
We
The reason that we're treating high-level members of the government, of Congress.
We've treated people in Hollywood.
We've treated ESPN stars.
We've treated very big people that are, you know, they're very wealthy and successful in what they do and they're not obviously going to make this up.
So for anyone that's saying, well, it's a, you know, it's a psychiatric disorder.
It's like, yeah, I don't think like someone that is under the upper echelon of, you know, whatever field of study or sports or whatever they are in is going to be making this up and losing millions and millions of dollars sitting out.
So I think what's, you know, it's really really
it's a very nuanced, you know, response.
And maybe we can't, at least for me, I can't make a very clear cut.
This is what we got to do.
Like I'm seeing with many others, other researchers and physicians out there, because you got to take all of this into consideration.
And it's really tough.
This is why Bruce and I have, you know, we've been very cautious about making very definitive statements.
Don't do this.
So go get vaccinated.
It's a case by case
situation.
I think I'm more cautious about long COVID patients getting severely injured from the vaccine.
Let's just put it that way because I've seen we've seen in our practice, a lot of those patients.
And it's definitely concerning.

[SPEAKER_06]
All right, well, I should show you my data showing that there's no benefit to these vaccines and see how you guys react to it.
But here's my question for you.
You said you've treated people who are Hollywood stars.
You've treated people who are in Congress.
Will any of those people that you have treated go out publicly and say, hey, these COVID vaccines did this to me?
Do they know it in private?
and refuse to say it in public?
Or are there any that are actually speaking out about, hey, this happened to me.
I want to let the world know about it.
Because a lot of people who are vaccine injured just keep their mouth shut about it because they don't want to lose followers.
They don't want to lose fans.
They don't want to be ostracized by their peers.
What are you seeing in terms of your patients who are celebrity status in terms of what they know themselves is going on versus what their public persona will say to the public?

[SPEAKER_04]
You don't, don't give me any names, of course, because you can't, but I'll say, I mean, the group that Ron's talking about is mostly lung COVID people.
I think, um, you know, one of the guests on this show is, is a perfect example of somebody who went through our program and is, is here to tell about it.
And, you know, I think it's important to gather as many of those perspectives as possible.
And I suspect.
you know, from this show that some of the patients have gone through our program of the, like Ram said, I think it's easily a thousand, will speak up and say, you know, this is what I went through.
I went through hell.
And back to Ram's point, you know, these are people, every telemedicine appointment starts out with, you know,
I was a marathon runner, or I did triathlons, or I'm a very, and absolutely, and then there's people who have lost their jobs and can't afford telemedicine that we see anyway and try and help out.
So it affects all walks of life, and I think it's important to hear the perspective from everybody.

[SPEAKER_06]
Okay, but you haven't addressed my question, which is, members of Congress suffering from long COVID, do they know it was the vaccine that did it?
And do they speak out publicly about it?
Or they keep their mouth shut?

[SPEAKER_04]
No, like I said, the people that Ram mentioned are ones that have pure long COVID.
So, but, you know, like I said, we've treated any number of
Backs injured patients, but I don't think any of them are in that status.

[SPEAKER_12]
Steve, I will.
I see interesting on a weekly basis.
Steve.
I see long COVID and vaccinated patients.
in the coming for procedures in the operating room.
Bruce and I just put out a, we just put out a paper, it's in peer review, where we're putting anesthesia, perioperative guidelines on managing these patients, right?
And here's the thing, both cohorts of patients refuse to talk about it.
So I will look at, so we use an EMR, most of the hospitals in the United States, we use EPIC, which is a monopoly, but that's a whole different discussion.
And on the bottom, they'll have the nursing assessment.
They'll have POTS and dysautonomia and fatigue.
And nothing about the vaccine, nothing about long COVID, nothing, right?
And so I'll see that for me.
There'll be a red light.
A bulb will go off in my head.
I go, OK, let me dig into this.
And I'll start digging and digging and digging.
And I have a patient that, I mean, my residents and I were writing a case report on this patient for a national conference.
She's vaccine injured.
She's a 22 year old vaccine injured patient.
And we had to dig through about 15 minutes.
And then her mom who's a retired physician is sitting there in the corner and she goes, Hey, you're the you're the guy I've seen you before.
I mean, this is a little tiny hospital, right.
And it just it made me realize that
there are millions of people probably like this young girl who's been messed up from the vaccine that are not speaking up and this family didn't want to say anything because you know they're just going to get dismissed and they're going to say you're an anti-vax you are you know all these other terms and they're worried about the care that they're going to get and the mom gave me the biggest hug she goes I'm so blessed that I actually have a doctor that is recognizing you know these vaccine issues
At the same time, I'm also seeing long COVID patients coming in, unvaccinated, got COVID, and they don't want to say a word, right?
And then I start using terms like, you know, post COVID, did this happen after COVID?
And suddenly it's like the floodgates open.
It's like, you know, I've just been overwhelmed in the past six to 12 months by what I've seen in the hospital.
That I realized that, hey, this is this is really something that we need to be vocal about the other concern that I have is that in our medical societies.
And this is something I'm working with with like a lot of my academic friends and my resident team.
is that the treatment to this day you go to a any conference medical society conference they'll talk about long COVID and they'll say the treatment is to get vaccinated.
I went to one of a big anesthesia conference last year and I just I was mortified
And my friend, my friend Devon Jeffers, who's also in the paper, who's had backs issues.
He's coming to me going, can you believe this?
This is the recommendations.
And I said, we need to do something about this.
We need to get all our medical societies.
You know, because the problem is Steve, what I see is it's not a problem.
I love what you're doing with prevalence and numbers.
That's really important from a community and a public health and knowing what's going on.
But there are people right now that are suffering, right?
That's great.
I mean, I'm also so grateful that the Yale people, I mean, kudos to them for even attempting to study this and corroborating what we found.
I can only imagine like the attacks that they're getting.
But end of the day, we got to get these people better.
We got to have management.
How do we manage these patients?
They're coming to the operating room.
They're coming to see their internist and they're going.
You know, it's like a chart will say vaccine injured or or like a lot of things.
They don't even want to write that, but it'll say long COVID.
And that's it.
They're kicked to the curb.
We've got millions and millions of people.
So.
That I think is the main discussion that we need to be having.
And Steve, I love what you're doing and I'm not trying to downplay any of the prevalence and we are 100% will support you in that.
But I feel like we got so many people that I'm seeing the hospital that I'm having to manage and I'm looking around and looking at the surgeon, I'm looking at the other anesthesiologist and they're going, we don't really know what to do here.
The patient's got some weird blood pressure issues now and they got some weird heart rate issues.
And the patients, you know, here's the funny thing.
We actually have patients that got tested for Bruce's lab, and they'll come to the hospital with these labs going, hey, do you know anything about it?
And you talk to Bruce Patterson as like, he's my partner.
And they're like, yeah, so yeah, we got spike proteins after vaccination.
We got spike proteins after COVID.
And the other problem is, Steve, is that we're 2025.
It's very difficult studying the vaccine now.
The window period was between when we were studying it in 2021 and we were screaming on the top of the mountain that there's something wrong with these vaccines and we need some help, right?
So when we did all the data, we emailed everything to the FDA and the NIH.
crickets wrote an email with my Bruce our cell phone our email and said hey and there were some other patient advocates that took all our data to them nothing right because in 21 in 21 we had a little window period where we knew there was a lot of people that didn't have covid got vaccine injured right the problem with now when you're studying it is everyone's gotten covid so the argument that's going to come from the medical establishment
It's going to say, well, and this is the criticism that's coming at Dr. Iwasaki in the Yale group.
How do you know it's not the virus?
And to downplay the vaccine injured.
So I think it's a battle that it's just I mean, these battles are going to continue happening.
And 100 percent, we're going to support you, Steve, in doing this.
But
I think that take a step back and say, let's get these people better today.
Let's run clinical trials.
Here's the pathway.
This is what we got to do to get these people better.
And I feel like that's really a conversation that we, Bruce and I really, really want to push out there.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yep.
I don't view this as an either or I think it's a both end.

[SPEAKER_12]
Absolutely.

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, on that note, I actually want to bring on two people who were part of the study and both Vax injured.
One, and I believe you both treat, you treated them and one early successfully and one who still struggles.
And I'm going to bring on nurse Angela Woolbrecht and Amanda Damian.
Welcome to VSRF live.
Okay, I'm going to step out.
My back is killing me.

[SPEAKER_06]
I'm going to see if I can put something on it.
I'll be back in like five minutes or so.
Yeah, we'll be back.

[SPEAKER_02]
We'll still be here, so come on over when you're feeling a little better.
Let me read your bios before we get going here with both of you.
Nurse Angela Wulbrecht, who is a dedicated registered nurse and the director of outreach and education for the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation.
She was a participant in both Dr. Patterson's study and the Yale study.
Angela has firsthand experience with the challenges of navigating long-term health complications following COVID-19 vaccination.
Angela's personal and professional journey has led her to become a vocal advocate for those suffering from vaccine-related health issues.
Her unique perspective as both a healthcare provider and a patient allows her to bridge the gap between medical understanding and lived experience, offering valuable insights into the realities of post-vaccine syndrome.
Through her participation in the Yale study, she continues to push for greater awareness and better treatment options for those impacted by this condition.
And I also want to welcome back Amanda Damian, who is an event director who produced Defeat the Mandates, COVID Litigation Conferences, and Rescue the Republic rallies.
She has worked tirelessly for organizations that advocate for medical freedom and the right to make informed health decisions while battling her own ongoing vaccine injury.
She was a participant in both Dr. Patterson's study and the Yale study on post-vaccination syndrome.
and has been vocal about her ongoing struggles and vaccine injuries.
Welcome to VSRF live, both of you.
God, I just realized I'm not on the screen.
So let me put myself in there.
Here I am.
So following up on Dr. Patterson and Dr. Yogendra wanting to focus on treatment, can you walk us through, we'll start with Angela, your encounter with the vaccine briefly and then meeting Dr. Patterson and how you were treated.
Oh, you're muted, Angela.

[SPEAKER_14]
Hi, sorry.
So yeah, I was that patient of theirs that called them with, you know, I'm a, I'm a fit, healthy nurse.
I'm a dancer.
I perform and I was terrified because I had never been unwell in my life.
And these two doctors were the first ones that listened to me that, that were there.
They were by my side.
I mean, I, they probably thought I was crazy because I would call them
You know, 10 times a day, and they, they were the 2 guys that talked to me off the ledge.
I don't know how many times and.
When they took my blood and discovered that I so backtrack, I get the vaccine January 19th of 2021.
Have an immediate reaction is recognized taken away by ambulance go on my way to the ER and I had 6911 calls.
And fortunately, because I was in the medical field and was so valued and loved by all these doctors in the hospitals where I worked.
They knew right away that I was vaccine injured.
So I had immediate care.
They were all trying to figure it out.
Nobody could figure it out, but they were willing to help me and then come along.
Dr. Bruce Patterson and Dr. Yo and.
they went out on a limb and they said, you know, we believe you and we're gonna test your blood and we're gonna do this study because we wanna help you.
And they're both highly qualified physicians.
Dr. Patterson has been through four pandemics in his life, as he said, back in the HIV days.
And Dr. Yogendra is just an amazing anesthesiologist and caring and compassionate doctor.
So when they came back,
And I'll never forget, they came back and they said, Angela, we wanna let you know that we found 21% of your non-classical monocytes filled with this mutant S1 as well as S2.
It was devastating.
But they were the ones that said, you know what, we're gonna treat you, we're gonna help you, and we're not gonna give up on you.
And I felt a little bit crazy at the time, but here I am running to the pharmacy and I'm going to pick up
you know, Maraviroc and a low dose statin.
And I get to the pharmacy and the pharmacist is like, well, this medication is several thousand dollars.
You don't have HIV.
You know, they won't cover it.
And I'm like the crazy patient buying this so-called HIV drug.
So I was on that for about two and a half months.
And Dr. Patterson and Dr. Yeo then retested my labs and it went down to zero.
And I was just so grateful and fortunate that
They believed me and they took this on and took on these patients and really studied us.
And I'm lucky that I got treated really aggressively and really early because as everybody knows, I'm back to being a nurse full-time, helping patients traveling the country.
I'm actually leaving to LA tomorrow.
I'm back to dancing again.
And I was just so lucky and so grateful and so grateful as well for Yale to
to also take us on and do the studies and let the world know that, yeah, this is a problem and we need to get to the bottom of it.
So for both of these sets of researchers, I'm forever blessed and grateful.
And Dr. Patterson and Yo were those first ones.
And honestly, you guys, if it wasn't for you, I don't know if I would have survived being vaccine injured.
You guys gave me hope.
I don't know how many times I called you, am I gonna live?
Am I gonna live?
And I think Dr. Yo said one day, he's like, no, you're not,
you know, you are going to die, Angela.
And he's like, well, eventually, but you guys were the guys that, that really kept me going.
And I, and I really wish that people would have listened to you back then.
I wish that
the CDC and the NIH and the FDA would have really listened to you and put money behind, because you guys did this with your own money.
I mean, this was not, you didn't get any money for this.
You weren't there looking for fame.
You just wanted to help people.
And so much time has passed that I've lost friends of mine to assisted suicide in Switzerland.
Patients are continually getting sicker.
Um, and I think now that Yale has also identified this and, um, you know, corroborated your guys's story of.
The scientific findings, I really am hopeful that we can go forward that we can get treatment that, you know, I'm looking forward to.
Yale continuing the research, I'm looking for it, and I'm playing with Senator Kennedy to get you guys funded so that you can continue to do what actually needs to be done.
As you said, Dr. Yeo, what needs to be done right now is actually figuring out how to get these people better.
And the problem is, is we've had four years of people living with chronic vascular inflammation with, as we know, it causes permanent damage.
So the time is right now to actually do this and get this done.
So thank you guys so much.
And I can't tell you how many people have been reaching out to me.
I mean, the messages, let me just read a couple, but you guys are just heroes.
You really are.
You went out on a limb in the beginning when it really cost you.
It cost you financially.
It cost you.
you know, like as you said with your peers and you were just shut down left and right and you weren't anti-vaxxers, you weren't Republicans, Democrats, you just wanted to tell the truth.
But let me just tell you guys a couple of the things that people are saying out there when they found out that you were coming back onto the show.
I had a friend who said, hey there, I just saw you guys hosting Dr. Patterson and Dr. Yeo.
If you get a chance to talk to Dr. Yeo before or after, will you please let him know that the nurse from California says hello?
I was their first injured blood sample back in February 2021.
I will never forget mailing it with my cool packs and styrofoam box.
Dr. Yo gave me so much hope for healing and believed my symptoms when we started chatting in January.
That was a vaccine injured patient.
And then a long COVID patient said, posted, things are moving so quickly.
I'm proud to say this gentleman in the center, which is Dr. Bruce, was my long COVID doctor.
in the first treatment group ever to be treated by him and his team.
He and his team actually pioneered what is currently being heralded as a Yale study, exciting and eye-opening times we are in.
So thank you, thank you guys so much.
And, you know, I'm so blessed and grateful and I owe my recovery to you guys.
I owe the fact that I'm doing what I'm doing and helping others to you.
And I'm so excited for what Yale has in store and what you guys are gonna continue doing.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, thank you.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah.
And I hope I wasn't, I hope I wasn't too crazy back then, but I know, I know I was a difficult one to manage because it was really scary times.
Definitely scary.
And you know, Amanda, who's here with us too, she was, she, she can tell her story, but she was one of your patients too.
And, you know, unfortunately, because this wasn't a recognized thing back then, she couldn't do the treatment.
She couldn't pay thousands of dollars to,
to get Moravarock and get statins and do all the things I did other, I did IV vitamin C, I did ozone, I did fasting, I did all sorts of things, antihistamines to calm down my mast cell symptoms.
But I think it's really unfortunate that so much time has gone by when people were really, really in bad shape.
And I'm proud of Yale for being the university,
to go out and put themselves out there like this, because it's not easy.
You guys went through it.
I don't know, Olivia, do you have any of the slides where they were just getting denied?
I mean, they had this paper out and it was like constant.
I think we blacked out.
to keep things confidential.

[SPEAKER_02]
I'll find those.
But I want to bring Amanda into the fold because you're a success story, Angela.
And Amanda has been struggling mightily.
I've seen it up close firsthand.
And it's just one of the most tragic stories of this whole COVID experience.
And Amanda, can you tell us your experience, what happened, and what you've been struggling and dealing with?

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, thanks.
Love you know, just hearing this story and kind of reliving back to those days gets me kind of emotional.
I remember being very, very sick in bed.
I actually was completely paralyzed.
I couldn't move my arms or legs at all for many months and.
I remember I would want to get the iPad just to see and follow what Dr. Yo was posting in the Facebook groups because it was the only hope I had.
I sent my blood several times.
I've had my blood run multiple times and I'd pack it up and just pray like maybe this will find something and I would take it to my doctor.
And this was before their clinic had opened.
And I'd take them this report, and my physician would be like, what am I supposed to do with this?
They had no concept of all of these different monocytes and cytokines.
I mean, they were so clueless as to what to do with us.
And so I really appreciate you guys for really
so quickly putting together a clinic that could help us in some way.
And unfortunately, at the time, I was going through a lot of things and a lot of medical challenges that cost a lot of money, and I was not able to afford the Marava Rock.
I even had the patient discount card, which brought the price down to $1,400 for a 30-day supply.
And it just wasn't within reach, and so I didn't get to try that.
You know, here I am.
March 11th is going to be my four year anniversary.
So if you do the quick math on that, it's something like 1400 something days.
So I appreciate Yale's paper of 700 and something days that we're having problems.
It's it's actually double that because I have actually been on a steep decline in the last few months and
You know, Angela and I were just on a phone call with my neurologist today and one of the treatments I used to help with my POTS symptoms was actually to get IV fluids.
Something very simple, saline fluid, just put in my arm and I'd get a liter once a week.
Well, the last two weeks in a row I've gone and just getting a liter of saline has actually caused me to go into multiple seizure episodes and I'm leaking into the, I'm having third spacing issues and I can't even tolerate a liter of fluids now.
So something that helped me two years ago is now actually hurting me because I have so much damage to, you know, the blood vessels and the lining of my veins and so, you know,
Even to this day, I can tell you that getting treatment is extremely difficult.
There are very limited doctors that know what to do about this.
And if a patient wants to explore, you know, Dr. Yo, you had mentioned we've got to do something now.
You know, one of the things I'm so tired of them running tests and biopsies and poking me and prodding me and telling me I have all these diagnoses, but what I don't hear is,
Here's what we're going to try.
Here's what we're going to do.
We're going to do a right to try, or we're going to try this.
None of that is happening.
And so that's what we need in the injured community right now.
We need a depository of information where doctors who they may not know.
I have a hematologist.
We had a show a couple of weeks ago about the blood clots.
And after the show, I sent my pictures of these giant clots in my blood to Dr. McCarran and Kevin McKernan, and they confirmed.
They're like, that's exactly it.
That's the exact profile.
What you're seeing on that slide is these fibrous clots.
I took that to my hematologist, and I said, I have scientific proof under a microscope that I have these problems.
And they basically wrote me back and said,
I don't know what to tell you case closed mark the message as resolved and never to be heard of again and so nobody knows what to do so you know maybe there's a place where we can have
a place where doctors can educate themselves, or at least as a patient direct a doctor to say, hey, go here, look at this evidence, a one-stop shop where doctors can learn about this.
Because I do think some of them are wanting to learn.
They just don't know who to trust now.
It's been four years.
We've got so much damage.
When I was a participant in your study, I never had COVID.
I never got COVID until last year, three years later.
So now all these participants are mixed up.
Some have had COVID once, twice, three, five times, who knows, right?
So we have a mixed bag of trying to figure this out.
But I think what would bring more hope, there's so much depression and lack of hope in our community right now.
Every day I go online and I see people that are just, they don't wanna live anymore.
And I can't say that
I don't understand how that feels, because I do.
And I don't feel that way right now, but we need some resurgence of hope, and we need some treatment options.
And I'm really hoping that with the attention of this Yale study, with the attention of your paper that you put out three years ago, you guys knew this three years ago, maybe, just maybe, we can make some progress into some treatment options for some people.

[SPEAKER_14]
If Bobby Kennedy could do one thing for us, what would you, Dr. Patterson and Dr. Yeo, what would that be?
What would it look like for the vaccine injured going forward that you would like to do to try and figure this out and get these people better?

[SPEAKER_04]
You know, I think for us, what's been, the only thing standing in our way has always been funding.
We're constantly raising money.
You know, me going out and raising money is not the best use of my time since I do understand this disease.
I understand the underlying pathology.
But you know what?
We've self-funded this entire operation for four years and it gets exhausting.
And I mean, I would love to offer Amanda, you know,
Absolutely.
And we will, of course, we will help you for free.
But, you know, it's exhausting.
And the good news is we have our clinical trials going to start probably a year in the spring for long COVID.
And the beauty of that is we're already working on reimbursement.
So that, you know, our goal is that this common drug combination, which is effective,
Or will show hopefully that it's effective will be 20 or 30 dollar copay.
The pricing has come down over the years when we first started 4 years ago.
It was a fortune.
I think it's now you can get it for 3, 4, 500 dollars, but a month, but, you know.
The bottom line is that that's still for people have multiple issues.
That's still a lot of money and we more than anyone else.
We would love to see this be cheaper.
We, you know, but our hands are tied until we get through this trial in our we, you know, we have to keep raising money to get through this trial.
So, you know, that that's where we are.

[SPEAKER_14]
Is that the title of Arizona?

[SPEAKER_12]
Yes.
Angela, sorry, sorry, go ahead.
No, no, no.
Ask the question to Bruce.
I was just going to say that you said, you know, if you could ask Bobby Kennedy, you know, like if we could pass a message to him.
First of all, Amanda, absolutely reach out to us.
You know, the one thing that a lot of people don't know is the amount of, you know, Bruce and I have done a lot of
You know, we don't talk about it.
We always tell the patients don't tell anyone.
But, you know, we always set aside our personal money that we weren't from our clinic.
It's a very nominal fee so that we can keep our lights open and lights on and pay our nurses is we've tested and treated a lot of people like we've literally written a check for someone to like go get meds.
Like, you know, here's
You know, here's a couple of thousand dollars from my own bank account from, you know, from our practice.
Go get whatever meds you want, theater free testing, right?
I mean, we just are not able to do, we just don't have the resources to do that.
So we had funding.
We're watching money just get spent left and right on observational studies, on surveys, on these nonprofits out there that are quite frankly,
I'll be honest, they're not doing anything, right?
They're just saying, we're going to be advocates, and we're going to go to all these meetings, and we're going to get on social media, and we're going to have this giant following.
Are you getting anyone better today?
Here's the thing.
At the end of the day, we still have scientific principles we need to follow.
And one of them is well-designed, randomized control, placebo double-blinded control studies, right?
That is the gold standard.
If you don't do it, everyone's going to say, Bruce and I
We and our team have got the FDA.
to approve a phase three study on a 505-2B pathway that's on a pathway to get an approved drug if this long COVID study is successful.
Like, it's not an observational study.
So any money that's invested into the University of Arizona and into our study is then, you know, if it's successful and we're very confident it is, in six months, by the end of the year, we'll have the first approved medication for long COVID.
We can apply the same trial for the vaccine injured.
We can start that tomorrow at the University of Arizona and we can have the data.
We can work through the FDA.
So this is what I would tell Bobby Kennedy, Dr. Bhattacharya, anyone else in the Trump administration.
We know the pathway to get something through the FDA.
We work when we did a protocol, we work with former FDA directors.
We worked with former FDA lawyers.
It wasn't Bruce and I sitting in our, you know, in our desks in our homes and just writing this protocol.
It took us nine months.
We involved the best and the brightest.
We wrote this well-designed clinical trial.
So all I'm going to say is that the other researchers, other doctors out there, call us.
We will help you because we're not, we are here to collaborate, not to compete with anyone.
And that's what the message we need to get for both groups of patients for the vaccine and long COVID.
I always call them cousins of each other because they're the same symptoms, same S1 protein, same vasculopathy and endothelial.
So there's these arguments on social media.
There are these people going,
Well, that's injured.
It's all long COVID.
Long COVID is all that's injured.
Screw that.
Let's stop having those conversations.
We're all in this together.
Let's look at these two pathologies like cousins.
We know the pathway on how to get things through the approval process.
We will help anyone.
And that's the message we want to get out.
We want to get people better today.
So I'm sorry I had to jump in on that.
But it's just so important for us to really talk about
therapies, not saying, okay, go take these white, you know, I can white label a supplement and sell you that.
Okay, that's great.
I'm not going to, you know, that's nothing wrong with that.
But to get medical acceptance, to go to a clinic, to go to our doctors, their scientific principles, we've got to follow.
We're doing it, we want to apply to the vaccinated patients, and we need collaboration.
And so that's my plea to Bobby Kennedy, everyone in the Trump administration to please help us with this.

[SPEAKER_14]
We will give him a call.
As we know, Steve, we're good friends of his and he truly cares about the vaccine injured and it's what we need to do.
It's what we need to do.
And going forward, they need to be studied, researched and treatment needs to begin immediately.
Speaking of that, Dr. Yeo, you and I have chatted about, if they wanna really look at the prevalence of these vaccine injuries, where do you recommend
you know, HHS to look.
I loved your story, like your experience of when you were traveling abroad.
It's an incredible and devastating story.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, so I don't know if you guys have a clip of that email that this Air Force serviceman sent me.
So I'm overseas, I'm on a TripAdvisor food tasting tour and there are 10 guys coming in and I'm going, oh my God, you know, this is gonna be a bunch of
This is wild times here.
Turns out they were in the Air Force.
I'm not going to say what country I was in.
I'm not going to say anything else about what squadron or anything.
But let's just put it this way.
Top gun, one of the top Air Force pilots and his entire team there, his entire squadron.
And so he asked me, what do I do?
I said, I'm an anesthesiologist, but I also do research with Bruce Patterson.
We're looking at long COVID.
And he goes, oh, that's great.
And he comes up to me, whispers in my ear, goes, hey, you know anything about the Vax Injured?
I'm overseas.
The first thing in my mind is like, oh my God, you know, as the NSA and the CIA, you know, are they, am I being followed?
Am I on some sort of list?
Right.
Because, you know, Bruce and I, we got, we've gotten death threats.
We've gotten, you know, we've had people come after us in ways I can't even begin to tell you just, just for looking at this.
And so I'm always like, you know, I go overseas.
I'm really
Yeah, so there's here's this top like Air Force, he's telling me what's what he does and that the US government's invested like four or $5 million into his training.
And he starts telling me a story and he's he's vaccine injured.
And he tells me he got vaccinated and immediately started having cardiac complications went to the hospital, they ran some routine tests had myocarditis.
They put him on I think he was on NSAIDs and colchicine for a couple weeks.
quote unquote, got better, at least from an EKG perspective, but you're still having symptoms.
Pressure in his chest, he's having chest pains.
He said about three months after his first dose of the vaccine, which was interesting, he said on his chart after the first dose and he had this reaction
the the on this military charts that do not vaccinate.
He showed me a copy.
He had it on his phone.
They said, do not vaccinate.
So this is in in his medical records there.
And three months after his first dose, he's having enormous chest pain.
And I guess maybe being in the military,
He called himself a mead head for doing this, but he was running on a treadmill to try to just kind of let me fight through this.
And he kind of confessed to me that was probably the dumbest thing he had done.
But he had crushing chest pain, collapsed at home, called his commanding officer and said, go to the emergency room.
When they went to the emergency room, I think he ended up having an echo, which showed some myocardial dysfunction.
He's 30.
He's a young, young, you know, he's top gun.
I mean, this guy's the healthiest, you know, fit individual.
He's early 30s.
He's got, they do an echo.
He's got significant myocardial contractility issues.
Global hypokinesis is left ventricle.
They do a cardiac cath, and basically the report is you're having multiple heart attacks.
You've been having these... What he described to you is many heart attacks for several weeks.
He's lost his wings for a couple of months, he's recovered.
And the thing that he told me, which was, he said, there are other people in my squadron who are also vaccinated.
And I go, oh my God.
And he goes, he had started to fly, and he said that the DOD wanted him to testify in front of Congress, and he just didn't want to talk about it.
They're really scared about losing their benefits.
They've got families and wives and kids, and they're just worried about what's going to happen to the Koreas.
They lose their wings.
They lose all of that.
Then he shows me message boards, military message boards,
of that's injured and I was like oh my god I you know if anyone thinks I'm making this up you know that's fine I would just tell them you know Bruce and I we have seen
military backs injured in our program.
I don't know, I think mostly Army first.
I think we spoke to a couple of Army docs.
They were seeing quite a bit of backs injured, especially the myocarditis and the pericarditis.
But I was blown away having an Air Force serviceman top.
I'm so close to saying what kind of plane he flies.
But that was an eye-opening

[SPEAKER_14]
How many others did he, how many other friends or how many other people in his squadron were injured?

[SPEAKER_12]
He didn't tell me an exact number, but he said, he said pretty much everyone in his squadron and in other squadrons were VAX injured.
And your question about where do we study?
See, one of the really tough things right now is in 2025 studying the vaccines, right?
Because it's a mishmash now with COVID and vaccine and what is what, and no one's really looking at what is causing this.
I personally think if Bobby Kennedy and Secretary of Defense Hegset were to look at medical records in 2021,
and do an audit on the procedures, because I don't know if they can go through individual charts and pull everything out.
It's going to be a long, tedious process.
But every hospital, what we do is we always keep a log and a record of procedures, whether you had an echo or you have a cardiac cap.
It is absolutely unusual for a young, healthy person to have a cardiac cap without having symptoms.
So they can look to see who's had a cath report, who's had a cardiac cath in that year, who's had an echo in that year, and they can dive into this and they can make some sort of, you know, depending on that and what information they can get, we might be able to have an insight into the prevalence into some of these vaccine issues.
Again, there are some caveats to that.
When you're talking about military, we're talking about, you know, very healthy, mostly young patients.
So it might be very difficult to make full broad a general population sort of prevalence, you know, for anything with prevalence.
But if you look at the vaccine injured, the cohort.
Our study showed 72% female, 28% male.
The Pfizer, there was an FOIA that came out about two years ago.
Some people sued and got this information of the 48,000 patients.
Their study showed about 30% male, 70% women, so kind of aligned with us.
And we were usually, like our cohort, I would say about 41 or 42 years old, so young and mostly healthy fit.
So it might be representative, the military might be representative of sort of the vaccine, too, from that perspective.
But I would tell Bobby Kennedy, I would tell, you know, Secretary of Defense Hec said, hey, guys, you know what, maybe we really need to look at it.
Um, again, I'm not privy to all of that information.
There was one service member that I personally met who showed me everything on his phone.
Um, but Bruce and I, we've met other military, you know, and have worked with them.
Um, but I don't know what we'll find.
I don't want to make any sort of speculation here, but I think it'll be interesting study that we get.
Let's say the new heads of the CDC, Dr. Bhattachary at the NIH.
Let's just look at this.
Let's just get that information.
Let's not be scared.
Let's look.
So when the next pandemic comes or next
medication or vaccine people want to roll out, we're going to understand risk factors here because we still to this day don't have risk factors.
So that would be my approach.

[SPEAKER_14]
Unbelievable how many young healthy people and that's what I see.
Just young healthy people that were at the prime of their life and this affected.
And I do have to thank you both too, because I can't tell you how many patients you guys have taken care of that were in just such despair, didn't have money, they've been sick for so long.
And you just pick up the phone and call them.
We just had one a couple of weeks ago.
I called Dr. Patterson, I said, Dr. Patterson, this is a really dire situation.
Like I need your help.
And you guys are always the first ones to say, I'm happy to help.
And I thank you so much.
I mean, you really, really are heroes in this.
You guys will go down as heroes in this awful thing that happened to millions of people.

[SPEAKER_02]
I want to make a little clarification.
I was notified of a comment that we were bashing Akiko Iwasaki and our goal in showing those videos is not to bash.
We're very appreciative of the study.
I'm very appreciative of the study.
I think it's important for it to get out there.
However, I wanted to show a historical context and that they are finding vaccine injury and
I think we should use this as a building block to, as you gentlemen are talking about, getting more funding.
And I'm curious as to, you weren't getting funding for your tests that you were doing.
They did.
And also, their trial size was only 42.
Why do you think it was so small?
Maybe, Angela, you could speak to that because you were part of the study.
But why such a small sample size?
And also, how do we build on that?
And I think we answered some of that with the administration, but I'm hoping that Yale will continue to build on that and maybe start to give us some informed consent about these mRNA injections.

[SPEAKER_04]
And I just want to jump in before Angela speaks and agree with you, Livio.
I think the Yale study had to be done.
It was excellent.
I think the concepts presented in that study
were exactly what we were driving at.
There's an immune signature, there's T-cell exhaustion, there's symptoms that are very similar to long COVID, and there's there's a bike floating around.
So I think in essence, we're on the same page.
It just so happens that we put it out three years ago and it was ignored.
I'm in Europe right now.
And even in the Daily Mail, they're talking about the Yale study.
And some of that is a little bit frustrating.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
And you guys were cited in the study.
When did you first become aware of it?
Did you know about it while it was happening or when it came out?
And what did they cite of yours?
Can we go through that a little bit?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, I mean, in terms of citations, I think, I think it was, it was very, very appropriate.
And I think was, it was well integrated with their findings.
And as we've, we've said all along is very corroborative.
And so.
You know, we, we, we thank them for that.
I think we're, they're fighting the same battle that we're fighting, which is to get, to actually get our preprints out, you know, in, in hard copy in publications.
And, you know, we, we wish them luck because we know what we've gone through.
And again, ours is, is being reviewed, uh, as well.
So, you know, we'll see, we'll see what happens, but, um, you know, we, we wish them, we wish them luck.

[SPEAKER_02]
Have they contacted you to maybe join forces in the future or to work together?

[SPEAKER_04]
No.
And I remember, you know, again, I've lived through the politics of AIDS research in the, in the early nineties and, um,
came through that and what we used to do when there was some topics or some controversial topics is you wrote companion papers, meaning you both wrote your papers, you cited each other, and you sent them to the same journal.
Right?
That was a way of getting, you know, of collaborating and getting the information out all at once.
And, you know, and basically saying, hey, it's coming from two different sources, two different labs are confirming each other.
That's how we used to do it in the HIV days.
And unfortunately, that wasn't for one reason or another an option.
here because we would have we would have gladly done that and I think that we would have been an important way to Get the information out.

[SPEAKER_14]
I Think hopefully what we can show is that we never make this mistake again in history where we where we silence doctors, you know, and I'm so grateful that Yale has been brave enough to to you know do what you guys did and be and they were brave enough to come forward with us and
I hope down the road that doctors like you that come forward with studies, people need to talk about it as uncomfortable as it is.
Medicine should never be involved with politics and it's really difficult when universities are funded by big pharma.
So I give all the credit to Yale for being brave and doing that.
But I hope going forward that when doctors like you who come up with a study, who find a signal, you guys are not political people, you're not anti-vaxxers,
that you're taken seriously.
Like you've had meetings, you've sent this out, the FDA, the CDC, like everybody knew about this.
You guys gave it in presentations to universities.
I don't know if you had personal meetings with the CDC and the FDA, but I know that when I spoke with them at various times, like I notified them of what was going on.
And in the future, hopefully we don't make this mistake again, where we waste years and years with people suffering
And all it takes is a few brave people like you guys and like Yale coming forward, how they believe these vaccine injured that complained of all these symptoms and instead of written them off as having anxiety or having functional neurological disorder, like what we could have done so much in these last four years.
And doesn't mean that we're not going to stop.
And I, and I really hope that you guys get fully funded and you can continue the work because you're,
You both are geniuses and you figured it out really fast, really early on.
It didn't take you very long.
I mean, you figured out the long COVID really early on.
And I know personal people that you really tremendously helped and got their lives back.
They're living their lives.
And you gave me back my life as well.
So we need to listen to really bright doctors like you who have been in this for a long time and studying these things.

[SPEAKER_12]
Angela, you bring up, I want to make one more point because, first of all, we are absolutely thrilled about Yale.
In science, it's all about having your colleagues and researchers, and they're highly respected.
um you know anyone suggesting or insinuating their you know their attacks and we're seeing stuff on on social media it's it's dumb uh you know we have the utmost respect for them and i think you know that hopefully it's it's mutual but one of the things that when we put our paper out and we were sending this out the criticism
What we got back was, it's not peer-reviewed, right?
So even to this day, we'll get someone to see that paper, it's not peer-reviewed.
And I think the Yale group is undergoing that right now, people are attacking them, going, it's not peer-reviewed.
We went through the process, right?
We did not come out and make these claims and suddenly, you know, tell all these crazy things and not back it up.
We had a study, we had a paper, wrote it, we put it together again, like we talked about, all completely self-funded out of our own pockets.
submitted to peer review and most of the top journals refuse to peer review it.
If you go on my Twitter, I posted this the entire timeline.
I got the receipts within
Sometimes within a day, I would get a rejection.
Well, not like low priority.
I think I sent you some of those emails.
This is a low priority study.
We're not interested.
We're sorry we cannot offer you peer review.
So if you can't even get the paper into peer review,
You know, it's like the whole system is broken.
I know Bobby Kennedy's talked about, listen, we got to really look at the medical journals.
The journals that did accept the paper for peer review would write back to Bruce and I six months later and say, we can't find anyone to peer review the paper.
This is highly unusual.
Like even to this day, we're still having that
having that issue that, you know, the paper is right now in peer review.
And why isn't it out?
Why don't we have a decision?
Because they cannot find a peer reviewer.
No one wants to put their name and maybe they're worried about their reputation and whatnot.
So now you have all these pre-print papers, the medical community and it's saying, well, it's not published.
Get it in the journal.
But here's the other caveat to that.
We could get it into one of these predatory journals with like a negative impact factor where like, you know, five people and their mom reads these things and say, oh, we got it peer reviewed.
But what's the point of that?
Right.
That's just more about our egos and our social media following our goal.
Bruce and I from day one has been to get people better, to get awareness here.
Right.
So we targeted the top journals and at least even some of the mid tier journals to get this into peer review.
So that would be greater acceptance.
There would be greater like acknowledgement that these things are taking place so that we can get resources to help these people.
So that is the conundrum right now, right?
So gotta get it peer reviewed, but sorry, we're not gonna peer review.
So everyone's kind of stuck in neutral.
So I think that's just something that we need to address.

[SPEAKER_14]
The same problem with Yale.
They're having a hard time getting it peer reviewed.
Can you guys peer review each other's paper?

[SPEAKER_04]
That was my point with companion papers.
That would have been something that would have been done back in the HIV days.
And yeah, absolutely, you can.
And who better than people who have actually done the work?
Because, for instance, trying to find peer review for people for our work and probably for Yale's as well right now when they don't understand it.
Um, is is difficult, but that was the whole purpose of companion papers back in the day and it was done all the time.
And, um, like I said, it's unfortunate.
We, we didn't have the opportunity to do that.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, 1 of the questions that several people have asked, um, amongst our friends is.
the testing for this S1 between what Yale did and what you guys did.
I believe they used something called the SPIR test to look for this spike protein.
Is it the same difference similar to what you guys looked at back in the day?

[SPEAKER_04]
They're different.
There's free spike protein floating around in plasma, low levels.
And so they have to use a very sensitive assay, which they did.
Whereas we're looking at for spike protein in the non classical monocytes.
They're, they're very, very different.
In fact, in terms from a pathogenesis standpoint, the chances of a free floating
protein finding a receptor are very, very small.
So I don't know what the implications of free spike are, other than theoretical, oh, it's going to find the ACE2 receptor and do its thing.
As opposed to having spike protein in a monocyte, that its sole purpose is to track to a blood vessel and cause inflammation.
So it's almost like there's a shuttle bus
taking these inflamed cells to a blood vessel and they may or even may or may not contain spike but certainly when they contain spike it's delivering spike to blood vessels and then these cells go in through the blood vessels but the fact is you know they're different but the spike that's being scavenged by
These monocytes is obviously coming from somewhere and that presumably could be in blood.

[SPEAKER_02]
I want to get to some audience questions that they're lined up here.
So let me jump into the first one.
John Bodwin Sr. asks, thank you for the question John, do you believe that the thrombocytopenia is occurring not because a person is not making enough platelets but rather because the hematopoeic
Thank you so much for sounding it out.
Stem cells are dysregulated and differentiated into non-classical monocytes, which then get differentiated into aberrant macrophages
that eat up all platelets instead of just the sunset ones, senescent ones?
Deep question.

[SPEAKER_04]
That's a whole lot of question and would require probably bone marrow biopsies, which you know, no, no, no one really likes to do.
A lot of time there's there's autoimmune thrombocytopenias and I suspect that either it's
you know, sequestration or autoimmune thrombocytopenia of one type or another.
But there are hematopoietic changes post-infection, clearly, and those are some of the causes.
The interesting thing is CCR5 antagonists, miravirach, that we use.
Lymphocytopenia, which is low lymphocytes, which almost all long COVID patients have and long RACS patients have,
is a CCR5-dependent pathway.
So when you actually block the receptor with Maraviroc, the lymphocytes, the CD4 counts, the CD8 counts, which they published, we published, go up.
So that's one of the positive things of using our drug combination is the response of the lymphocyte subsets.

[SPEAKER_02]
Thank you for answering that complex question.
Question from Lisa.
Dr. Yo, you note how important it is to understand risk factors for vaccine injury.
True.
But do you also think that there were manufacturing problems with the COVID vaccines since a small percentage of lots were associated with very high rates of adverse reactions while the majority of lots produced almost none?

[SPEAKER_12]
That's a great question.
I think there's been people that have been looking at batches
Um, we actually have in our study, um, I have an Excel spreadsheet.
You know, one of the things that Bruce and I studied this vaccine, we wanted to, uh, we were very meticulous in how we screen the patients and we were very meticulous in.
Because we're talking about, obviously, a very sensitive issue back in 2021, right?
So I have batch numbers, and I have seen some data on potentially bad batches.
Not all of the batches that we studied with the Vax Injured align with it, but there are definitely some batches that are on this list.
I don't know if it's a verified list, but I think some patient advocates have sent me some lists with batch numbers.
So I do think there is some plausibility to that theory there.
I have definitely seen, aligned that with our data, and I've seen it, but at the same time, there are patients that we studied that their batch numbers were not on this list.
But again, it doesn't mean that I'm going to throw that possibility out.
The interesting thing in our, and Bruce can probably talk about this a little bit more, in our vaccine paper, we did protein sequencing.
And not only did we find the S1, but we also found mutant S1.
So if you guys want to go see that, that preprint.
And I think that's sort of one of the, you know, there was some, there were some additional things that Yale people did and there's some things that they didn't really do that we did.
And this is one of them.
We actually sequenced the protein.
And we found the mutant S1.
And we found that in all four vaccines, AstraZeneca, Johnson, Johnson, Moderna, Pfizer.
I let Bruce talk about it.
We still don't know if that is pathologic or not.
This is why we were begging the FDA and the NIH and sending our paper out, like, hey, we found this.
We have your blood, like Brian at the lab, Bruce's tech, I said, save the blood.
you know, just in case we can get this over to the government, the federal agency, so they can kind of do a deep dive into this.
But obviously we didn't, you know, we didn't hear back from any of them.
But Bruce, if you want to maybe talk a little bit about that and about the protein findings, because I think that might align with the question that Lisa just asked.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, no, it's a great question.
The issue is we don't have an answer because obviously it's all about funding.
You know what, you got to
Do what you have to do.
Our sole goal has been getting the sites ready for a clinical trial.
And, you know, a lot of the things that we want to do on the R and D level have been put on hold until we can get this this drug trial going.
So, you know, like I said, like Rom alluded to, we've been doing everything by the book.
We've been publishing as fast as we I've never written so much in my entire life.
We've submitted our diagnostic for breakthrough designation to the FDA.
We submitted our trial protocol, which was approved in 28 days to proceed.
So FDA said we're clear to proceed with our trial of Moravirach and statins, which we're very excited about.
But for us, it's always been a struggle with
resources, personnel, etc.
to do all these things at the same time.
And, you know, at the end of the day, it's been remarkable what we've been able to do with a small team.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yes, yes, it has a question from hope is good.
To what extent do you think long vaccine or PBS is publicly being attributed to long cobit?
The US federal government has invested 1.857 billion dollars to studying long cobit to date.
Got to verify those numbers, but sounds good.
More dollars from private funding as well.
The medical community is clearly much more comfortable discussing and studying long COVID and not vaccine injury.
So how much long COVID is really vaccine injury?

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, that question's been out in the media for a few days now, and I answered it.
The bottom line is we were seeing long COVID before a vaccine ever hit
hit the streets summer 2020, which was well before the vaccines came out.
So it's a real entity.
From my standpoint, I don't like the lump Epstein-Barr or chronic herpesviral infection reactivation into long COVID, nor do I like Lyme to be in long COVID.
And I'm telling you,
We have diagnosed so much line with with our ability to distinguish between long covered line.
It's almost a pandemic in of itself.
But I don't see how anybody can call anybody long coded without checking for.
Lime or reactivation and reactivation chronic herpes virus just for everyone out there.
You need to do DNA PCR.
The serology only tells you what was there in the past.
And so those are important distinctions to make.
So yeah, long COVID was around well before the vaccines hit the street.
But I mean, I do believe obviously we found a similar mechanism in both.

[SPEAKER_12]
Olivia, to jump on what Bruce just mentioned, and I agree 100%, you know, the long COVID space, and I've been a big, you know, I've been sort of shouting this now for the past couple months, you cannot study long COVID without acknowledging the Vax injured.
I'm sorry, it goes hand in hand.
To say that one, and you can't study long vaccine injuries and not acknowledge long COVID.
They're cousins.
And my frustration with a lot of these long COVID initiatives and groups out there is that there's an NIH recovered trial.
They got $1.6 billion to study long COVID.
And to this date, we have no
clinical trials on a phase three clinical trial pathway.
They're doing observational studies and surveys.
I mean, just ask Angela or ask Amanda, do you guys care about surveys on your symptoms like four years later?
No, none of the patients do.
What are we using this money for?
We've given money to people's nonprofits and all these little groups coming in so that they can go to DC and start talking about advocacy while the real patients are suffering.
So this money needs to be going into trials and research.
We have to acknowledge you cannot study long COVID without acknowledging vaccine injured.
You can't study vaccine injured without acknowledging long COVID.
And so you're seeing this like argument from two groups.
And what we're trying to say is no, they're
their cousins, we all need to work together.
Stop getting into these political battles and politicizing this.
Vaccine injury is not a right-wing issue.
Long COVID is not a left-wing issue.
We have worked with Republican, the most MAGA government officials with Long COVID.
We've also worked with Democrats, hardcore progressives with vaccine injury.
So it's a, we got to take politics out of this.
And that I think that's the point that, that recently trying to say collaborate, let's just get some help us with some funding here.

[SPEAKER_02]
Fantastic response.
Dr. Yo, I a hundred thousand percent agree with that question from sunny ways.
Are you finding low iron levels in Vax injured slash long COVID friends have many Vaxes and boosters and now seem to continue to have extremely low iron.
They can't seem to get up to normal.

[SPEAKER_04]
Good question.
Something we really haven't looked at.
And, you know, again, it could go back to the hematopoiesis issue following chronic inflammation.
And yes, it's going to be affected and probably iron utilization is going to be affected.
But we haven't looked at that in particular.

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay.
Question from green PJs, where to go to get competent blood work done to find out for one's self, if any damage, don't trust any allopathic MD anymore.

[SPEAKER_04]
Any thoughts on where to get blood work done?
It's a good question because what kind of blood work if you want blood work that's related to
to chronic inflammation.
I mean, that's something we do, but routine blood work, which in a JAMA paper about eight months ago showed that there's no routine blood work
Uh, either singly or in combination that is, uh, in indicative of long coven.
And of course, since we said they're related, uh, that would go for long back.
So routine blood work isn't going to cut it.
Um, but, um, we can certainly recommend where to get the appropriate blood work.

[SPEAKER_14]
Dr. Patterson working people, I have questions blowing up my phone as well.
Where can people.
Get their S1 tested as well as a cytokine panel.
And what would you recommend for people that are still vaccine injured that might want to check it?
Where can they go?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, so that's Radiance Laboratories in Chicago, Illinois.
They run both our cytokine profile panel and our S1 and monocytes test.

[SPEAKER_14]
Where do patients need to sign up on a certain site to order that or what's the process like?

[SPEAKER_04]
So they can either order it through covidlonghaulers.com or there's a new site
I believe defeat long cobit that has ways to order the testing.

[SPEAKER_14]
Great anybody needs any help to feel free to contact me nurse Angela back safety dot Oregon.
I can help get it started for the people that need help.

[SPEAKER_02]
I'm going to ask one more from Carol.
What is the med protocol to remove spike or is there one?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, so our combination of Moravarock and statins, usually a Torvastatin or Prevastatin.
We have some data that we're writing up right now that shows that we can eliminate those spike-teaming cells by eight weeks with statistical significance.
But that paper is in the works with our extreme amount of free time.
So I'm just kidding.

[SPEAKER_14]
I'm happy to show mine, Livia.
I don't know if you have my labs, but I had.

[SPEAKER_02]
Oh, wait, I think you did share those with me, didn't you?
Let me see if I can call them up real quick here.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_02]
And if then you can help explain how to read.

[SPEAKER_04]
You know, we probably shouldn't get into that.
I don't know.
I don't know if that means anything.
Yeah.
Well, let me see.
Anyway, if you want more information on that, then what I would do is go to covidlonghaulers.com.

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay.
Well, thank you all of you so much for giving us so much of your time and insight.
And God, it's been an honor having you here this evening.
I appreciate, you know, all the work you are all doing, all three of you, and Amanda being here, and obviously Steve, who's laying in bed.
healing his back as best as he can.
Any parting words, Dr. Patterson, and where can you remind people where they can find your work?

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, of course, I mean, we've published in major journals, but I think a great repository is covidlonghaulers.com.
And there's a new site, defeatlongcovid.com, where there are great resources there.
And of course, YouTube, where there's, you know, if they search my name, you can find some of our conference talks and also other podcasts.

[SPEAKER_02]
Great.
And Dr. Yeo, any final parting thoughts and where people could find you and your work?

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, it's the same website as Dr. Patterson mentioned.
I would say this, our goal is to get people better.
We're not going to stop fighting for the truth.
Just look for real science to do the clinical trials.
We beg anyone in government, whether even private funding, if they can help us.
This is not a trial that we're doing in our backyard.
It's with the University of Arizona.
We have everything lined up.
We just need just a little assistance.
So you can always reach out to Dr. Patterson and I and for other researchers out there in this space.
We are happy we want to we are begging to collaborate to share what we know and to help with guidance in terms of how we work with the FDA and to collaborate to get more medications.
and more things out there for these patients.
End of the day, we are just focused on getting patients and people better.
So yeah, please reach out to us.
We are happy to talk to anyone that is willing to advance the cause and the research.

[SPEAKER_02]
Thank you and again I want to reiterate our goal is to bring awareness to the vaccine injured and anything that comes out that has a study that will help them and then treatments then we're going to support that and we support what Yale's been doing and the work they've been doing and hope they continue to do along with Dr. Bruce Patterson and Dr. Ram Yogendra.
Thank you very much gentlemen for being here.
Thank you.
Thanks so much.
And thank you, Angela, as well for being here tonight.
Appreciate you so much and all the work that you do as well.

[SPEAKER_14]
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_02]
Thank you.
All right.
Hang in there.
I got a couple of announcements and I got a fun closing video tonight.
And as we close out, I want to remind everyone that we are a 501 C3 nonprofit organization and everything we do from hosting weekly webinars and producing educational content to providing a platform for truth.
depends entirely on your generous support.
And I'm going to share where you can donate on the screen here in one second.
Here we go.
And we have been fighting an uphill battle against censorship, corruption, and a system that too often ignores those who are suffering.
But we refuse to be silenced.
We are here to amplify the voices of the vaccine injured, challenge the narrative, and push for real medical transparency.
So if you believe in this mission, if you believe in the right to inform consent, medical freedom, and ethical, unbiased science, I ask that you stand with us today.
Every donation, no matter the size, fuels our work and keeps this movement alive.
visit vsrf.org backslash donate to contribute or text vsrf to five three dash five five five and together we can make a real difference and thank you for everyone who does support us this evening also next week join us again next week we will be back we will have the amazing dr christianne northrup joining us for a powerful conversation on women's health
in the current environment.
Dr. Northrup has been a trailblazer in the field, empowering women with knowledge and challenging the medical status quo.
You won't want to miss next week's episode, so definitely come back and mark your calendars.
We will be here on both Rumble and X.
And lastly,
We're going to close out with a couple of clips that I put together from Woody Harrelson this past week.
He had a really good conversation with Joe Rogan and then a second clip that he put out on social media as well.
And I think, you know, he talks about being skeptical about COVID vaccines.
So again, thank you all for joining us tonight.
Hope you stay safe, healthy and well.
and that you come back and join us again next week and I'll close out again with this little Woody Harrelson video montage.
Have a good night and a good weekend.

[SPEAKER_17]
Everything that everybody said about whether it was a lab leak, whether the vaccine had side effects, whether it was pushed, whether they lied about the studies and distorted the information, everything was true.
All of it.
Including, Yale just released some study about people producing spike protein 700 plus days after the injections.
Which is never thought to be the case when they gave them to these people in the first place.
A host of different
Serious problems that people are having because these that everyone's covering up and people are lying about and everyone's trying to obfuscate and doctors are trying to Sweep things under the rug because they don't want to be in trouble for mandating these things and telling people to get these things It's horrible.

[SPEAKER_07]
Well, I mean I agree with you and Yeah, if we go back to the allowing
You know, I just feel like to mandate was wrong.
That to me is fascistic behavior.
If you mandate that I have to take this thing, that if you take it, you're protected.
Well, if I take it, wouldn't that be my prerogative?
I either want to be protected or don't want to be protected, or maybe I am like I am, which is the last two entities on earth I would trust with my health would be big pharma and big government.
Like those would be the last two I would look to.
You know, how much big pharma has done to just
just push it through that they know is bad for you, that they know harms you.
And in this case, they know what's happened.
And all we're left with after the, what was it, 86 that they mandated that you couldn't sue the vaccine companies?
And so since then, we've only been left with VARS, right?
Yeah, VARS, yeah.
The government website.
And now we have millions of people who fought through the red tape and the bureaucratic whatever just to anonymously be known that they were injured.

[SPEAKER_17]
Yeah.
it was weird watching so many people that i thought were intelligent stand up for the government and for the the pharmaceutical industry and but it's not weird if you think of how

[SPEAKER_07]
I mean, it was ubiquitous.
It never stopped.
The mainstream press was just harping on it constantly.

[SPEAKER_17]
Yeah, constantly.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_08]
As a left-leaning hippie Texan, maybe it is in my nature to be somewhat rebellious, but I can't help but wonder, in spite of all of the criticism by the Kennedy Jr. received for
encouraging us to be somewhat skeptical about these rushed COVID vaccines.
What if he was right?

[SPEAKER_09]
you
