[SPEAKER_03]
Wow, look at this place!

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, hello there!
Looking to get some insurance?

[SPEAKER_03]
No, my friend's mom already has insurance with your company.
Oh, great!
You're here to pay your bill.
No, no, we're not here to give you money.
We're here to file a claim for my friend's medication.
Oh, you want money from us?

[SPEAKER_05]
Right through that door over there.
Hello.

[SPEAKER_03]
we want to file a claim to get my friend's weight loss drugs paid for oh okay do you want to know his policy number or anything let me let me just speak with our medical director first

[SPEAKER_05]
Sorry, but we don't pay for medicines for obesity because it's not a disease.
Who was that?
That was the medical director.
The medical director decides what claims are valid for us to pay for.

[SPEAKER_03]
But you didn't say who the patient was or what was wrong with him.

[SPEAKER_05]
Right.
The medical director's job is just to say no.

[SPEAKER_03]
Look, my friend's mom has been paying you people for years and his doctor says his weight is a medical concern and obesity is a disease Oprah Winfrey said so!

[SPEAKER_05]
Okay, okay, calm down.
Calm.
Down.
I didn't realize I was dealing with someone who had so much determination.
If you do a little more work, I think we can get your medications paid for.
What?
We can?
Yeah, you see, the doctors and the pharmaceutical companies and the insurance companies all kind of work together.
So all you have to do is navigate the American healthcare system.

[SPEAKER_03]
We're gonna navigate the American healthcare system It's there for you and me Just fill out these forms We're gonna get better and we're gonna be strong and just healthy as can be I need to send you to imaging Let's navigate the American healthcare system Just fill out these forms I just, I just spoke about the last place It's so much fun to be getting it done I can't sign this for insurance His original doctor needs to sign this We go back to the doc to get that thing for insurance Then go back to insurance

[SPEAKER_05]
We need you to get a second opinion from a doctor who's in network.

[SPEAKER_03]
We're navigating the American healthcare system.
Now just watch us go.
We're getting things done, taking care of our health.
We need these filled out and then faxed to your insurance company.
We're filling out forms, and we're scanning those forms, and then we're in on those forms to get them back to insurance.

[SPEAKER_05]
We need confirmation from a different specialist.

[SPEAKER_03]
No, we already talked to the insurance company they were supposed to talk to you

[SPEAKER_01]
Tonight on VSRF Live, world-renowned researcher and physician Dr. Tess Lowry discusses her groundbreaking work challenging harmful pharmaceutical narratives and exposing corruption in regulatory agencies.

[SPEAKER_00]
I had been having misgivings about the system of systematic reviewing that seems to prioritize randomized control trials and all the other evidence that might be collated.
If you think about randomized control trials just being the sort of tip of the pyramid,
and all the other evidence, all those PhDs that are done by fellows around the world, scientists and doctors, just get ignored for the randomized control trials at the top, which are becoming increasingly expensive to conduct and are mainly run by pharmaceutical companies.
So you never really know what the bias is and the influence of the drug companies is.

[SPEAKER_01]
Good evening and welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm Livio Sanchez and tonight we're joined by a woman whose work has fundamentally reshaped the way many of us think about medicine, science, and public health.
She's not just a doctor, she's a scientist, an author, and a truth teller.
For much of her career, Dr. Tess Lowry worked quietly behind the scenes, analyzing data, synthesizing evidence, and helping shape global health policy.
But in 2020, everything changed.
When she saw early treatment options like ivermectin being ignored or outright suppressed, she didn't stay silent.
She conducted her own meta-analysis.
She published her findings.
And when a colleague reversed his conclusions under pressure, she called it out publicly at great personal cost.
That moment of disillusionment sparked something extraordinary.
Tonight, we'll talk about what she saw, what she did, and how she's helping lead a global shift toward ethical, people-centered medicine.
Now, tonight, I want to let everyone know that due to the 4th of July holiday and wanting to give the VSRF team some time off to be with their loved ones, tonight's episode is being pre-recorded.
Although we will not have a live audience Q&A, we will be active in the chat during the live stream.
Now, I would like to welcome the founder of the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation, Steve Kirsch.
Steve, welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you today?
I'm good, Livio.
Good to be here.
Great to see you and happy 4th of July to you, sir.
Yeah.
Well, it's not looking at the data.
It's not quite the fourth, but not record.
But yeah, we're getting close.
We're getting close.
We are getting close.
So we're bringing back tonight.
It's been a little while since we've had test Laurie on VSRF live.
Dr. Laurie.
Welcome to VSRF live.
How are you today?

[SPEAKER_00]
I am very well thanks and thank you to your audience for listening on the 4th of July.

[SPEAKER_01]
Welcome back and I want to read your bio before I release you and Steve to have the conversation for the audience members that do not know who you are or about you.
Dr. Laurie is a medical doctor and independent research consultant based in the UK.
She is the CEO of the evidence based medicine consultancy.
She serves on the steering committee of the World Council for health is a founding member of the bird group.
And a key leader in both the better way conference and unity bridge.
Dr. Laurie also worked as an external analyst for the World Health Organization specializing in guideline development systemic reviews and evidence synthesis always with a fierce commitment to independence transparency.
and ethical science.
In 2021, Dr. Lari helped launch the World Council for Health, a growing global coalition committed to transparency, informed consent, and health sovereignty.
She recently published the book, Game of Trust, The Lari Files, a firsthand account of the pivotal year 2021, what went wrong, what went right, and what that story and why that story still matters today.
And we're so grateful to have her joining us this evening.
All right, Steve, we'll let you take over the interview and I'll be back a little later for some closing announcements.
Take it away, Steve.

[SPEAKER_02]
Great.
Well, thank you.
Thank you, Livio.
I have so many questions and we have so little time.
So let's jump right into it.
So Tess, are there any health authorities in the entire world that we can trust
Can you give me the name of a trustable health authority?
Because we're all looking for that.
And I haven't found one other than maybe Joe Lattapow in Florida.
But other than him, I don't know of a public health authority that you can trust what they're saying.
Do you?

[SPEAKER_00]
No, I don't.
I mean, apart from World Council for Health, of course, but this is a grassroots authority.
And, you know, we are we are messengers for our trustworthy coalition partners.
So we are coalition.
So we are the trusted health authority.
We have no conflicts of interest.
So we're not funded by Big Pharma or or anyone apart from grassroots contributions.
and our own modest product line and events in our health series and so on.
So we are a trusted health authority and our information comes from grassroots experts and organizations.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yes, but that means that the mainstream media then completely ignores you.
So for anything you say, they'll quote the American Association for Pediatrics, they'll quote the CDC, they'll quote everybody.
They will never quote you in any story.

[SPEAKER_00]
No, it has been very frustrating the, you know, the censorship and ongoing misinformation that the so-called health authorities are putting out.
But it's even more important for people to realize now that in actual fact, if none of them can be trusted, then we really have to get back to trusting ourselves and starting and developing that personal sovereignty, not outsourcing our decision-making to others, just deciding, okay, we're gonna do our own research or find a trusted health practitioner, professional that we can trust and go from there.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, who hasn't had their license revoked yet.
That's the trick is to find someone you can trust who still has a license.
Can you trust any of the randomized controlled trials?
I mean, you're an expert in evaluating evidence.
Do you believe, like, what percentage of the randomized controlled trials that appear in the peer-reviewed literature are actually legit and were well done and are something you can trust?

[SPEAKER_00]
It's very difficult to answer that Steve because, you know, my awareness of a real sort of awareness of it and accepting that many of these trials are corrupted by the, you know, the financial elements, you know, profit factor and all of that.
You know, I only really woke up to all of this in 2020 when I realized that they were promoting
harmful drugs and therapies and suppressing the older, more established, generic cheap drugs that would have been helpful for COVID.
So I've had to sort of reflect.
I would say before that, I did have concerns, especially I was doing reviews on brain cancer drugs.
And there again, it felt like the results were
Well, it tended to be in favor of the drug company, even if they were sort of very early studies and then, you know, later on, sometimes, you know, there would be a later result, which would suggest that the drug was not as effective as they'd originally said it was.
So I did have my concerns then, but with COVID, it just blew open completely because I had that direct experience with someone who was
involved in doing the evidence synthesis for the WHO on Ivermectin and I could see that they were, you know, we had a meeting and, you know, he said there were other influences.
individuals who were pressurizing him to change his findings or his conclusions.
So that was my waking up.
And so now I really recommend that people look to natural approaches to health.
There's such a wealth of information that's been suppressed, you know, because health is, or disease,
Not health diseases such an industry it's such a massive profit driven industry that that's basically what our health systems are are serving they they serve disease and the aims of the drug company seem to be to keep us a sick person.
for as long as possible.
And on meds, chronic diseases are hugely profitable.
So if they can get people getting chronically ill on chronic meds, then they've got customers for life.
So yeah, healing people.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, childhood vaccination schedule is that's the sole purpose is essentially give you a chronic disease for for life.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, yeah.
Cures are not are not profitable.
especially if they are cheap and natural, you know, easily available.
And if they address root cause of disease, because a lot of disease, you know, if you actually, you know, the way that the system we have at the moment is there's a symptom and then there's a drug for the symptom.
And then you just keep on like that or diagnosis and then there's a whole spectrum of drugs varying in price and whatever.
And you may to believe the most expensive ones are the most desirable ones but you know if you look at the root cause of disease and you look at what actually causes disease well you know it's either too much of something or too little of something that too little is is you know vitamins minerals love sunshine whatever that may be and if you treat.
Too little of something with an SSRI for example well you know you're not going to get to the bottom of it and equally if you have too much of stress you know stressful influences environmental toxins you know harmful drugs or.
Unpleasant job whatever if you have that sort of stress well that also can reach a sort of threshold with pushes you into a disease state so we need to start thinking of health is this is this careful balance between you know the you know the good stuff that we need the essential stuff.
and the stuff that impacts our health in a negative way.
And we need to be able to, if they work synergistically, so if either of those are out of kilter or if they're both out of kilter, well, then you pushed into disease.
So we need to look at disease as really a signal or signpost to say, something's not quite right.
So don't take a pill, let's get to the bottom of what it is that's making you sick and start there in the correction.

[SPEAKER_02]
So have you looked into chlorine dioxide at all, just as an example?

[SPEAKER_00]
Well, we, I did interview, um, uh, no, I'm so sorry to have forgotten, but the foundation, um, the, anyway, uh, the doctor who started the foundation, uh, for chlorine dioxide has been working on it for a very long time.
I'm gonna kick myself for not having his name to have, but I did interview him for a better way today.
I think it was about a year ago and it certainly is very compelling and it works in a completely different way.
It's electro molecular medicine and so.
You know, this is a new paradigm, you could say, because the way the pharmaceutical industry works and the way that we're taught, you know, you've got to have the drugs.
If you're sick, you've got disease, you need drugs.
We're taught that we're just matter, you know, we're just chemistry.
We're not taught about physics or the electrical aspects, and we are electromagnetic beings.
We have electrical signals and we have
we respond to electromagnetic impulses.
So electro-molecular medicine is what chlorine dioxide is supposedly, I understand, to contribute to the conduction of electrical signals or transmission and heals in that way.
And I know that it is being used to
To, you know, to help people with cancers and metabolic diseases and even coverage, you know, I know it was used and certainly in South America and elsewhere.
So it is very, very interesting.
These really inexpensive, simple remedies coming forward.
Of course, I know chlorine dioxide from walking, you know, in the mountains in South Africa, we used to have chlorine.
dioxide tablets that we would put in water to purify the water that we would drink from the streams.
So it's a very well-known purifier of water.

[SPEAKER_02]
But have you used chlorine dioxide yourself to treat any disease that you've had, whether it's COVID or anything else?

[SPEAKER_00]
No, Steve, but I'm also not a clinician.

[SPEAKER_02]
No, no, I'm just asking you personally, not whether you've prescribed it.

[SPEAKER_00]
Oh, yes, I have tried it myself, but I haven't been sick, so I haven't taken it for a sickness.
I've just tried it for trying it, and I can't really say it made me feel better or worse.

[SPEAKER_02]
So you're not sick.
Did you take any of the COVID shots?

[SPEAKER_00]
No, I didn't.

[SPEAKER_02]
That would explain why you haven't gotten COVID.
So there you go.
So you spoke earlier about this scientist who basically opened your eyes to the corruption.
and in science when you try to write about ivermectin and that person's name is is it is it sir andrew hill or is it professor dr andrew hill dr andrew hill and you made this quite famous video of your conversation which
maybe Livio could play or find for us, but it was quite stunning.
So my question is, have you spoken to Dr. Hill since that conversation, and have you found out anything about who was controlling him and why he was
basically playing along with them rather than respecting what the science says, because the science at the time showed that Ivermectin worked.
And then you were surprised when he did an about face and said, well, you know, we need more studies.
And when you pressed him on it, he basically said, well, you know, there are people and interests that you don't understand that caused me to have to be more careful.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yes, and he said there would be six weeks and then they'd have enough evidence to prove ivermectin.
So that was January 2021.
Obviously, the significance of ivermectin is that the emergency use authorizations depended on there being no alternative existing medicine to treat or prevent COVID.
And so the vaccines, the COVID vaccines were rolled out on that premise.
So if there was a cheap generic widely available medicine costs three cents a tablet and you need five of them or twelve or ten of them if there was a cheap medicine like that then the current vaccines wouldn't.
in theory, be able to be authorized.
And so they had to make sure that, well, they made sure that there wasn't anything by delaying the information on ivermectin coming out, the evidence, and in fact, obscuring it, deliberately trying to obfuscate it.
And so you asked whether I'd spoken with Andrew Hill,
We did have some further communication.
Well, I communicated with him further that year, but we didn't get any response, which was why in January 2022, so a year later, we made a little documentary with segments of the recorded meeting to basically, it was based on my last letter that I sent to him.
Just to say please come forward and just explain the pressures you were under so that we can clear this up because you may remember Steve you know back in 2022 we were still optimistic that you know that.
People would recognize there was treatment and and also you know we also could see the harms coming out from the code vaccines so we were optimistic we could shut this you know pause those vaccines and if any we could bring you know common sense and reason to the fall.
And it was just impossible.
So yeah, so we made this little documentary.
It was, I think it did go very, very far.
I think it was seen by millions of people and it did help people to wake up a little bit and start taking back responsibility for their health, but didn't reach as many people as we would have liked.
And this is actually, this is actually the starting point of my book called Game of Trust, where I just detailed that year 2021 and all the difficulties we had in reaching the general public and why we ended up, from that point of Ivermectin, forming the World Council for Health nine months later.

[SPEAKER_02]
So surely by now, there must be sufficient evidence for Andrew Hill to declare that, yes, ivermectin works because it was close before.
And he said, well, just give me a few more months and we'll have it.
So it's now July 4th, 2025.
Several years later, does he have the evidence now?
And is he willing to go and say that WHO and so forth says that ivermectin works?

[SPEAKER_00]
I and my impression is that you know Dr. Hill is a consultant so he will do the work that he's hired to do and I'm not sure that he's still working on the ivermectin evidence so you'd have to ask him that yourself but certainly what happened after that was the his paper said
They need to be more randomized control studies and then Bill Gates and the principal trial and the together trial and other trials conducted by the NIH, the authorities got involved to conduct
proper trials to prove whether ivermectin was safe because it was quite funny actually.
They had reason to believe it was very safe and so they needed to do some randomized control studies to prove that it was safe.
They knew it was safe so they had to prove that it was safe.

[SPEAKER_02]
You can never be too careful with these things.

[SPEAKER_00]
No, you never can.
So, so it was really, it was.
Amusing, but they took it on and of course they have interest.
You may recall Bill Gates, for example, saying that for every dollar he invests in vaccines, he gets a return of $20.
And so, you know, for such a profitable, with the vaccine industry being so profitable, somebody like Bill Gates involved in the Ivermectin studies would definitely have been a conflict of interest.

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay, well, so I'm curious what would happen if we reached out to Andrew Hill and said, hey, we'd like you to come on VSRF and you can talk about what happened with the ivermectin study.
What would happen?
Would he decline?

[SPEAKER_00]
Well, I can't say, but it would be certainly interesting, you know?
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_02]
We'll do that.
So is there any evidence at all, since you're an evidence expert?
Have you seen, have you personally seen
Any evidence at all that the covid vaccine prevents death or prevents hospitalization or prevents infection.

[SPEAKER_00]
No, I haven't Steve and and to the contrary, you know, we have from the get go.
from the point they were launched, the exponential increase in adverse drug reaction reports and serious diseases and even death.
I have been having very alarming and you know the authorities are just been continuing as if you know that i can unstoppable train they just haven't been listening to any any reason any of the science they have been looking at their own data which is piling up on the official pharmacovigilance databases.

[SPEAKER_02]
So when you answer that question that I just asked you about, whether it prevents deaths, hospitalization, or infection, you're answering because you fundamentally haven't seen any study that is reliable that shows that.
You're not doing it just because you're on the one side of the narrative.
So if you had found any evidence, you have found any study or read any study that contradicts your point of view, would you be telling us about it?

[SPEAKER_00]
Yes, I would.
But Steve, can I just say to you, is there any industry, is there any time in healthcare, in medicine, where it would make sense to roll out something
for which there's nothing, there's no literature to support.
So is there any drug that you would recommend in any circumstance rolling out before you've done the studies?
And then saying, we're waiting for the safety data.
It just doesn't exist.
So the reason why I didn't take the shots is because of COVID vaccines is because
You could look at the evidence from in the literature beforehand and you could see the evidence wasn't there.
So it's not a question of saying can you show me any studies that show that it can we look at the studies that show that it's safe and or that does it prevents transmission or prevents hospitalization.
That's really a very backward way of doing of doing research.
We don't roll things out and then test them for safety afterwards, which is what happened.
So any studies that are saying that they prevent transmission or whatever, I just could not accept because of the huge conflicts of interest, the huge propaganda, the whole way the COVID thing has been rolled out has been unprecedentedly
you know, a violation of informed consent, of transparency and of public trust.

[SPEAKER_02]
Do you think the Pfizer and Moderna randomized controlled trials were fudged?
Or do you think they're accurate?

[SPEAKER_00]
Well, I think they must be fudged.
You know, we've had better analysts than me looking at those data.
I can't say that I have, you know, I've been busy trying to
help people with positive messages to get them to improve their health.
So I haven't gone through these papers with a fine-tooth comb, but I have heard really expert analysis of them.
And as I say, combined with what I was just seeing on the pharmacovigilance databases, it was quite clear that this is an unprecedented situation.
You don't need studies when you've got five to six million
Adverse drug reaction reported to the.
The vigi base who's pharmacology database for example and another whole pile to theirs and you know in the in that first year.
I'm well in twenty twenty one within six months there are more than a million adverse drug reactions reported to the who's database and they were saying oh this is just normal you know and they never did the the audits either so you would expect.
You could say, OK, we're in a pandemic.
This is an emergency situation.
So we are using this experimental vaccine.
So we must be ultra vigilant.
And we'll check every year.
We'll do our analysis every year.
Well, they didn't even do an audit in the first two years.
They haven't made any audited material available.
They've now got nearly six million but i even wonder how accurate that is because.
At the beginning of last year january twenty twenty four there were five million so it's not you know it seems like they've sort of just.
are they just fizzling out the reports?
And it could also be that people, they might not even be reporting things anymore, not realizing that their decline in health is associated with the COVID-19 vaccines.

[SPEAKER_02]
Right.
Yeah, that's true for COVID vaccine deaths.
that I did a calculation in order to establish the underreporting factor in VAERS, for example.
And so if you use the levy study that was done in Florida, and you can compute then the amount of vaccine deaths from that, and then you look at the actual number of reports of vaccine deaths in Florida,
What you find is if it's a 58 times under reporting factor so death which people thought would be all deaths will be fully reported of course.
It's actually deaths are are way under reported and there was a nice study done by open various where they compared the
where they looked at the people who were told, expressly told by the CDC to report to VAERS.
And less than 4% of those people actually reported to VAERS, which means that it's a 26 times underreporting factor at minimum when people are directly told to report it to VAERS.
So
The 58 comes as no surprise at all.
In fact, I'm sure it's, you know, if anything, it's probably higher than that.
But it's quite stunning, the underreporting in VAERS.
And speaking of underreporting in VAERS, did you watch the ACIP committee meeting?

[SPEAKER_00]
No, I didn't, unfortunately.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, so there's a slide where the Sarah Myers showed this slide showing that, and we know that the COVID vaccines are saving lives because here's the result of the study.
And she shows a study that was, it's a self-controlled case series study done using the VAERS data and looked at a 42-day window
after the vaccines are given, because if you don't die in 42 days after the vaccine is given, then the vaccine didn't cause your death.
And we know that because the CDC says it's 42 days.
There's no evidence for that, but that's the way it is.
And they just come up with these numbers, you know,
41 days, but the interesting thing on the slide is that it showed there was like a 90% reduction in most causes of death or even more than 90% reduction in this 42-day period versus what was expected.
And so I looked at that and I said, there are only two possibilities here.
One is that they're completely brain dead at the CDC to think that there could be a drug that you could get that would reduce your chance of death by a factor of 10 for basically all major causes of death.
Or there really is such a drug in which case everybody should be taking it every 42 days and nobody would die.
Which do you think is the more likely of those two possibilities?

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, I mean, Steve, you know, I honestly think it's time to move away from the data.
I know it's quite fascinating to keep on
watching how much they're lying to us and also keeping abreast of all the tragedies that are happening in real time.
But I think everybody knows somebody, now we don't even need to look at the data, everybody knows somebody who's died from the COVID vaccines or after the COVID vaccines, unexpectedly suddenly got ill and died very quickly from cancer, or suddenly my brother-in-law
In his fifties just suddenly was dead at his desk, you know.
So I think we've all been touched by this.
And so I think what's really important is we don't need to keep looking.
We know that the journals are corrupted.
We know the science has been corrupted.
So what do we do?
We have to take back control and we have to get healthy.
We have to optimize our health and we have to use methods that are safe and natural because nature
is there to help heal us.
It's not there to harm us.
So I just want to show, because I'm sure people watching must be thinking, oh, this is so depressing.
And we have to keep thinking about these terrible things that are happening and continuing.
But I just want to show you the World Council for Health has a detox and well-being guide, companion guide, and how this has been collated.
It's very thin.
You can see it's very thin and easy.
And it's got it's got detox protocols.
So it's got, I think there's 11 detox protocols that collated from our country councils.
So each country council.
has not each, but 11 of them have contributed a protocol, what they recommend.
And it's really to show people that there's a whole range of ways to get healthy again and optimize oneself and clear out the spike protein and detox from the heavy metals.
And depending on where you are in the world, there are these different natural approaches you can use.
So we invite people to download the guide and try one of the protocols and we're running a study.
It's more like a survey alongside and it's a way of helping people too.
Because if you do go on a detox, we was recommending an eight week period to start with.
And we inviting people to take part in the survey where at the end of every week, they just check in and they fill in a very simple questionnaire on how they've been feeling this past week, whether it's better or worse or whatever.
And they do that for eight weeks.
And we also alongside that hold a monthly Zoom with
have actually contributed protocols so that you can actually speak to those those individuals and get.
those professionals and get some some it's not advice it's support because what we really trying to encourage people to do is to take back control their own decision making and not to look outside themselves for people to tell them what to do you know so that you might choose to do one because it's the easiest because you've got the ingredients you know what's easy to to find the list of of suggestions what might be that you choose one because it's more affordable or
You know, but but basically it's to to really help people with simple, natural supplements and practices, healthy practices.
to get on top of one's health and optimize health again.
So there's that.
And we also have on the website a spike protein detox guide.
Now this guide, actually, I just want to let your audience know the World Council for Health was formed in 2021 September.
And at the end of November, we issued a cease and desist notice to say the evidence emerging on the COVID vaccines
is very concerning and we needed to stop and pause those vaccines immediately.
So that was November 2021.
And we'd realized into 2022 that it didn't matter what we did or said, they were just steamrolling ahead with it anyway.
So we put together a spike protein detox guide and it's been downloaded well over a million times.
And this was a free download.
It had a whole range of things you could consider and it explains why and how they would work.
hypothetically, because you must remember the issues brought out by the COVID-19 vaccines, that's a new type of technology, this mRNA technology.
And so at the time when we pulled out our spike protein detox guide, it was new and we didn't know exactly whether these suggestions would work, but they were theoretical, natural health suggestions.
And so it was, again, saying to people, look, this is what might help.
Have a look at these things.
Do your own research.
Make sure there are no contraindications and let us know.
But that now down the line, we have more insights and input from our health practitioners, connections and organizations around the world.
And so we've updated, we're in the process of updating and republishing that document.
with some more nuanced guides towards certain vaccine injuries.
But again, it's not medical advice.
It's really saying to people, you might wish to look into these things.
For example, you raise chlorine dioxide and chlorine dioxide is in that updated spike protein detox guide, which hopefully will be published in, I would say, three or four weeks.

[SPEAKER_02]
Can you tell us what the key components are for the spike detox?

[SPEAKER_00]
Well, there's so many different ones.
This is what I'm saying.
This is the benefit of having a World Council for Health, a World Health Organization or World Health Authority that actually gets information from different parts of the world because there's no one-size-fits-all approach.
So if I can read to you the German one, we've got a World Council for Health Florida, and they've submitted a detox for bowel, kidney and liver, and a vaccine detox.
So what they've got in their vaccine detox, I'm just going to show you, that's their logo at the top there.
They've got ivermectin or hydroxychloroquine.
They've got natto kinase, augmented NAC.
Do you know about augmented NAC?

[SPEAKER_02]
course I have it.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, bromelain and curcumin intermittent fasting with a whole food plant-based diet, probiotics and prebiotics and then the other supplements including vitamin A, D, K2, zinc, magnesium,
There's a couple of them, resveratrol, vitamin B12, sex folate, iodine, selenium, and then liver detox.
So they recommend dandelion tea, green tea, pine needle tea, ginger tea.
So these teas, I mean, this is the most amazing thing I've discovered because I'm an allopathic doctor trained, you know, and I've realized that most of what I knew and most of what I learned about drugs is probably okay at best, but, you know, harmful at worst.
when there's this whole world of natural health and healing out there that I didn't know about.
And so I've been, I'm actually, I feel like I'm a student again, really learning from these new organizations, integrative and functional medicine organizations and educators like the College of Naturopathic Medicine.
learning about all of these amazing natural ways of healing.
So I would certainly find if you are looking for a new health practitioner, avoid the doctors, go and find a nice
integrative healer or functional medicine practitioner or even a homeopath steve you know i've i've been learning a lot about homeopathy and i really think you know previously we sort of chucked it out and said oh well that can't possibly work you know.
because one's thinking in a very material paradigm.
But what I'm learning is, as we mentioned earlier about electro-molecular medicine, nanoparticle medicines and nanoparticles, you know, there's the pharmaceutical nanoparticles and nanotech, which I really don't recommend.
But I think homeopathy and I think the basis of that would be nanoparticles and frequency.
uh, frequency, um, uh, medicine.
So I think that whilst, you know, previously I couldn't understand how it worked, I feel I'm developing a better understanding, especially, um, uh, you know, if you think about Nikola Tesla saying, if you want to understand the secrets of the universe, think in terms of energy, frequency and vibration.
So there's, you know, there's these frequency, uh, healing modalities.
And I think homeopathy
fits comfortably into that definition as well.

[SPEAKER_02]
So I think it's important also to let people know that these are not without risks.
So even though the supplements, some of which were mentioned in your guide, I was actually on a detox or a regimen combining three supplements, which I took for about a week.
and then I became permanently blind in my right eye as a result of the supplements.

[SPEAKER_00]
Marstie, what supplement are you able to share that?

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, it was the McCullough Protocol, the three in the McCullough Protocol.
And the reason is that these supplements act as very potent blood thinners.
You take one, it will thin your blood.
You take two, it will thin your blood more.
You take three, it will thin your blood even more.
And when my vision
went south, which happened quite dramatically, in about one minute time.
And I was sitting exactly where I'm sitting now.
And I was looking at an Excel spreadsheet on the Czech Republic data.
I remember it very well.
And all of a sudden, the screen went wavy.
I'm just sitting there.
And boom.
And I went to the retina specialist that day.
And the first question he asked is, what blood thinner are you on?
and I knew immediately what had happened.
So these supplements are not without risk and a combination of supplements can act as a more potent blood thinner than prescription blood thinners.
And people don't realize that.
And in my case, I paid for it

[SPEAKER_00]
with permanent vision loss in my right eye and and it's really sorry to hear that and you're absolutely right it is important and something like naturopathic kinase is a potent blood thinners so it shouldn't be taken alongside certainly any other blood thinners and and yes as you say one needs to have a have a cautious approach it's not
Natural medicine works.
It's not innocuous in the sense that it has effects.
So one does need to be aware of these effects and aware of the indications and the contraindications.
So if you are uncertain, make sure you are undertaking a detox with the support and guidance of a health professional.

[SPEAKER_02]
I thought I was and what is underappreciated is that anything that you put into your body, even if it's a supplement,
you should thoroughly research, especially if it's something that you haven't taken before and that is not generally taken by most of the population.
Had I done my homework, I might have decided differently, but I probably wouldn't have.
I just said, oh, blood thinner.
There was no quantification of the amount of blood thinning.
And I didn't realize that I was at risk
because I had somewhat of a risk factor in that eye.
And my retina specialist did not tell me, oh, be sure to avoid blood thinners because that can exacerbate your condition.
So I think I was in this perfect storm of not being expressly warned by my retina doctor at the time.
And then
There was no warning at all in this protocol that these are potent blood thinners.
Make sure you don't have any conditions like an eye condition that could be exacerbated where you could permanently lose vision.
There were no warnings from either side.
And so I'm paying the price for the rest of my life for that mistake.
but hopefully people will learn from that mistake and not repeat the mistake.
Basically, anything new you put into your body, make sure you understand what the risks are and make sure you're taking it because you need the benefit.
not because you might need the benefit, because you need the benefit, because all these things can be beneficial and have risks, and you need to make the trade-off that's right for you.
And trusting your doctor in most cases to make that trade-off could result in serious consequences.

[SPEAKER_00]
And Steve, you know, this is such valuable information because, you know, this is exactly we are in a completely new situation with new and emerging diseases and new and emerging remedies, you know, so this is exactly why we need to be having this conversation and continuing to have the conversation.
There's in the UK, there's a vaccine injured
woman by the name of Caroline Pover, and she shares her story over and over again, and she's really got, you know, got on top of her, her injuries and, and, you know, and has made amazing progress.
And she shares her story of the methods, but her methods, I mean, you know, you would, no doctor would ever agree.
So she's had to, you know, just sort of
find a ways of of treating yourself so it's really it's really important that we we hear from from you and other people who have tried different.
Supplements and and remedies and and actually start to you know to have these these conversations live so that we can work out what's best you know.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yep.
So let's end with, unless there's anything else that you think that our listeners should know, let's end with your book, The Game of Trust.
Can you give us a synopsis for what's in the book and what we would learn?

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, well, the book is about the year 2021, and it's
On the surface of it, the events and incidents and characters
that led to the establishment of World Council for Health and the Better Way movement.
But I didn't want to just make it a sort of boring account because I sat down to write it.
People have been saying you need to write a book and explain what happened and how World Council for Health was founded.
But I thought if I just produced a whole lot of evidence and documents, it might be a bit dull.
So I decided to conduct an experiment in the process of the book.
And that was to co-author it with the I Ching.
Now, I don't know if you know the I Ching, but it's a several thousand years old Chinese book of wisdom.
Which is called the book of changes and so.
I thought it what i would do is i would test whether the the this old wisdom had had value against the modern challenges that that occurred in that year.
The way that the wisdom is accessed is rather novel, you throw coins, so you may know sometimes one throws a coin for a yes or a no, you know you throw a coin and if it's a heads it's a no and if it's a tails it's a yes.
But the eating you throw six times so there's this method so I thought well let me test this method and see if this old book can actually shed some light on the give retrospective input on events and incidents from twenty twenty one and I have to say it was amazingly.
uh, relevant and insightful.
So, uh, so the book raises a lot of, apart from telling the story of what happened, and it's a biographic autobiographical sort of account, um, of, uh, the individuals who, who, um, you know, I played a role in that first year you were in, in that and in the book as well, Steve.
But you know it's so it's it's it's it's an account of that it also provides this rather intriguing i think it's left me feeling rather intrigued i hope it will leave others you know is is.
What is going on if if one can get sensible.
Um, input from, uh, from an old book on, on events and incidents, uh, in the current day.
Um, and I hope that people will, will have a look at that because, um, to me, it suggests that we might be in some sort of video game or other, like a simulation.
And I know there are lots of, um, uh, thoughts on that that have been that, you know, that, um,
that are considered from, you know, have come from a different angle.
So I'm interested just, I hope the book will provoke a lot of conversation.
And you can see I've got a nice quote there from, from Bobby Kennedy.
I think it says, I can't really, I can, I can read this one.
It says, game of past arrives at a crucial moment and no one is better suited to lead a conversation about what just happened and where we go from here.
So I was really, really grateful.
for that little testimonial, and I hope that people will find it intriguing.
It's kind of broken down into 64 sort of bite-sized little stories, you could say, and I think it's quite readable.
It's linked to a website which you can check out, which is called lorifiles.com, and that's got all the evidence.
The book speaks about various pieces of evidence exhibits and these exhibits can be used and have been used to support court cases and because I constantly get asked by doctors and nurses and a variety of organizations if we've got the evidence to support the court cases.
So I put together this list of evidence.
It's on lorifiles.com and it's referenced in the book, but you can check it out on lorifiles.com anyway.

[SPEAKER_02]
Great.
So if we look at the table of contents, what would that table of contents look like?

[SPEAKER_00]
Well, there are 13 chapters.
And what I did was I've written it like it was like a game of strategy.
And I've broken it down into 64 moves.
And so, for example,
Chapter 3 is called The Wanderer and Move 10 is Bird delivers its message to health authorities.
Move 11 is engaging with the FDA.
Move 12, Bird informs the Who's COVID-19 team.
Move 13, losing my cow on Twitter and so on.
So it's a sort of mix.
It's got quite a lot of US reference.
So I think it will be
of interest to the u.s. audience and also a lot of the u.k. but we've got you know shock and horror joe rogan takes iverm action and then but each each move is just it's not a lot it's sort of maybe you know three to ten pages or something like that so it's quite easy to just you know read a short bit and and and move on from there you know not it's you don't you don't not going to lose your place in the thing
But yeah, 64 moves all together.

[SPEAKER_02]
Awesome.
All right.
Thank you so much for taking the time and sharing your stories with us today.

[SPEAKER_00]
It's been my pleasure.
Thank you very much, Steve.
I really appreciate it.
Thank you, Livio.

[SPEAKER_01]
Thank you, Dr.
I have a couple of quick questions before we send you off.
And I'm curious, and Steve usually asks this question, how many, or are you able to convert any of the healthcare practitioners over the last few years that have come over and said, you were right, or I'm, I'm seeing this by practice.

[SPEAKER_02]
Right.
Or has anybody said, Oh, sorry, you were right.
Has anyone come back to you and apologized?

[SPEAKER_00]
It's not really an apology that's needed, but there certainly is a growing number of health professionals who are moving away, you know, who are moving, looking for alternatives to, you know, they're looking for new registration bodies and those sorts of things.
And so we've got World Council for Health, nursing and midwifery.
And so, and that's a growing group of
of nurses and midwives from around the world who are, you know, choosing just new systems and choosing to create the new systems.
So there's lots of, there certainly is a groundswell of health professionals who are coming out of the woodwork and saying, yeah, let's get on and build these new systems now, you know.

[SPEAKER_01]
Great.
And are you seeing a downtick or an uptake of vaccine, people getting the vaccine, especially the COVID vaccines in England?
You know, here in the United States, it's pretty low.
So I'm curious what it's like over there.

[SPEAKER_00]
I'm not sure exactly of the data but my feeling is that people have kind of had enough and so I don't think you know I think even even people who have gone along and complied with so many of these injections are wondering now you know this just doesn't make sense so I think that and also just feeling unwell you know you speak to people and they say well I'm definitely not taking any more because
I didn't feel right after the last one, you know, and, or, you know, so I think people are kind of seeing that they're not going to take any more.
And my concern, of course, is that, you know, with this, this pandemic treaty and all of that, they're pushing to have more, more pandemics, you know, and the ability to call more pandemics.
And so one does worry that if they bring out another
a pandemic or declare another pandemic, and there'll be a whole new scope of injections to go with that one.
One would hope that people would use their common sense and say, look, this doesn't sound like a good idea.
I tried it the first time, I'm not going to fall for it the second time.

[SPEAKER_01]
I appreciate you also bringing up the simulation that we're living in.
I often reference the hologram or the video game that I'm playing in.

[SPEAKER_00]
Will you love my book then?
You must read the epilogue.

[SPEAKER_01]
It definitely will.
I'm going to get that right away.
Dr. Laurie, thank you so much for everything you've done, everything you've gone through and continue to fight for and against.
We really appreciate your time.
And I also, I'm going to close tonight's episode after we send you off.
I'm going to play the first five minutes of the film that Dr. Laurie
was referencing a letter to Andrew Hill and we'll put the link in the chat and in the description for the full, I think it's like 18 or 19 minute film.
I'm going to play the first five minutes as we sign off.
So thank you Dr. Lari for being with us on this Fourth of July weekend.

[SPEAKER_00]
Thank you very much.
It's my symbol for health sovereignty.

[SPEAKER_01]
Excellent.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Everyone else hang in there for a few minutes.
I want to remind our audience that we are a 501c3 and we are supported by generous donations from our audience and donors and members of the vaccine safety community.
Here's where you can donate text
VSRF253-555.
That's VSRF253-555.
You can also go to our website at vacsafety.org backslash donate.
Steve, that was a very insightful conversation.
And I also just want to say the way you laid out what happened to your eye.
Thank you for sharing that story.
And again, I'm just, I'm just sorry for all the stuff that you've gone through.
And I also was at this Truth Conference in West Palm Beach this past weekend.
And a lot of people came up to me and were, you know, sharing and saying, wishing you their best and their concern for your eyes.
So I just want to share that with you as well.
And I want to say everyone else that I saw there at the conference in Palm beach, it was great.
It was a great conference and great seeing freedom fighters like yourselves.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yep.
Well, hopefully I could save someone, um, permanent injury.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's just, thank you for sharing that and to warn people to make sure you know what you're putting in your body, even if it's always do your own research.

[SPEAKER_02]
You know, it's, uh, can't be stressed enough.
I think we, we put a lot of trust in people and just take their advice without, uh, recognizing the, uh, that there could be downsides.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
Yeah.
Thank you for that warning.
Okay.
I'm going to sign off with the first five minutes of Teslari's film, A Letter to Andrew Hill.
Thank you all for being here.
Have a great, happy 4th of July weekend and we will see you all next week on another episode of VSRF Live.
Good night.
Thank you, Steve.
Good night.

[SPEAKER_00]
Dear Andy, it is approximately one year since I shared with you my rapid review of the evidence on ivermectin for COVID.
It's one year since my video addressed to our Prime Minister Boris Johnson, advising him that we had a safe and effective medicine to beat the pandemic, and one year since you and I met to discuss working together to get ivermectin approved as soon as possible.
Early in January 2021, we shared data and agreed that Ivermectin looked like a cheap, safe and effective way to end the pandemic, that it needed to be rolled out as soon as possible.
We agreed that working together would facilitate this and you joined our strong author team preparing to conduct a Cochrane systematic review.
Before we could collaborate, however, you published your paper as a preprint
I will never forget reading this paper for the first time.
You reported that ivermectin was associated with reduced inflammation, faster viral clearance, ivermectin showed significantly shorter duration of hospitalization, and in moderate or severe infection, there was a 75% reduction in deaths with favorable clinical recovery and reduced hospitalization.
Incredible!
At a time when hospitals were overflowing, people were being locked down to prevent viral transmission, and the death count was rising, here we had a safe established off-patent medicine that could reduce hospitalization, viral transmission, and deaths.
Yet your conclusions were...
I will make sure to be validated in larger appropriately controlled randomized trials before the results are sufficient for review by regulatory authorities.
People were dying.
We were told hospitals were overflowing.
We had a safe old medicine that could help.
Yet you called for more trials.
On the 17th of January, 2021,
I wrote to you, asking you to retract your paper, saying that it would cause immeasurable harm.
We met on Zoom the next day.

[SPEAKER_04]
I think I'm in a very sensitive position here.
What I'm trying to do...

[SPEAKER_00]
Most people are in sensitive positions.
They're in hospital and ICU is dying and they need this medicine.
Well, that's what I don't get, you know, because you're not a clinician, you're not at the coalface, you're not seeing people dying every day.
And this medicine prevents deaths by 80%.
So 80% of those people who are dying today don't need to die because there's ivermectin.

[SPEAKER_04]
There are a lot, as I said, there are a lot of different opinions about this.
As I said, some people... We're looking at the data.

[SPEAKER_00]
It doesn't matter what other people say.
We are the ones who are tasked with it.
And we have the experience to look at the data and reassure everybody that this cheap and effective treatment will save lives.
It's clear.
You don't have to say, well, so and so says this and so and so says that.
It's absolutely crystal clear.
We can save lives today if we can get the government to buy Ivan Mekton.
Your manuscript appeared rushed to me and its methodology was substandard.
I made no bones about what I thought about it.
And I was not the only one alarmed by the poor quality and conclusions of your paper.
Dr. Corey and Dr. Merrick wrote to you and asked you to make corrections.
An independent forensic communications specialist has since confirmed that there were two or three other voices in your paper.
These unacknowledged authors contrived to manipulate the wording to undermine the positive findings on ivermectin.
Why did you let them influence your conclusions?

[SPEAKER_04]
Whose conclusions are those on the review that you've done?

[SPEAKER_00]
Who's not listed as an author, who's actually contributed?

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, I mean, I don't really want to get into it.

[SPEAKER_00]
I think it needs to be clear.
I would like to know who are these other voices that are in your paper that are not acknowledged?
Does UNITAID have a say?
Do they influence what you write?

[SPEAKER_04]
UNITAID has a say in the conclusions of the paper, yeah.

[SPEAKER_00]
Okay.
So, who is it in UNITAID then, who is sharing, who is giving you opinion on your evidence?

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, it's just the people there.

[SPEAKER_00]
I thought UNITAID is just a charity.
Is it not a charity?
So they have a say in your conclusions?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
