[SPEAKER_06]
Compliance We just need your compliance You will feel no pain anymore No more defiance We just need your compliance Just give us your compliance We won't let you feel lost
No more self-reliance.
Fall into line.
You will do as you're told.
No choice for tea.
Your blood is running cold.
We lose control.
The world will fall apart.
Love of your life will mend your broken heart.
We just need your compliance You will feel no pain anymore No more defiance Just give us your compliance Your tracks, we know what's best for you You've bitten off much more than you
Out in search, we can save you Just give us your compliance We just need your compliance You will feel no pain anymore No more defiance Just give us your compliance
We just need your compliance You will feel no pain anymore No more defiance

[SPEAKER_03]
Tonight on VSRF Live, we welcome back retired U.S. Air Force Major and Independent Researcher Thomas Haviland along with Funeral Director and embalmer Wallace Hooker who've been tracking the alarming white fibrous clots discovered during embalming over the past several years.

[SPEAKER_09]
In the case of these unusual white fibrous clots, that fibridogen, that natural fibridogen we have produced by our liver, is binding with the spike protein, either from the virus or the COVID vaccine, and instead forming these bizarre, rubbery clots.
The phospholipinanoparticles that deliver the mRNA from the vaccine are also getting into game as well, and they're becoming phosphorylated.
and also binding with the fibrinogen as well.
And we have proof of that at the microscopic level.
Like I said, we have scanning electron microscope images of what that fibrinogen looks like.
It's all twisted and it has these nasty nodules.
Then our plasmid cannot attach to it and break it down.
So then the clots grow and grow and grow, persist until they actually completely block off of vein or artery.
And that's when you get your stroke or heart attack.
That's why they call it died suddenly.

[SPEAKER_03]
Good evening, everyone, and welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm your host, Livio Sanchez, and thank you so much for being here with us tonight.
We've got a very important episode.
Two incredible guests are joining us to talk about something that's been raising serious questions in science, medicine, and public health.
These unusual white fibrous clots that embalmers have been finding.
Returning to VSRF Live is Thomas Haviland.
retired U.S. Air Force major and the independent researcher behind the worldwide embalmer blood clot survey and Wallace Wally Hooker a funeral director and embalmer with decades of hands-on experience together Tom and Wally are going to walk us through the latest survey results over 300 embalmers worldwide
have now reported that they're seeing, or reporting what they're seeing, and nearly 83% say they're still encountering these fibrous clots in about one out of every four cases.
We'll talk about what might be behind this, what's changed since 2021, and why the findings are raising new urgency for embalmers, healthcare workers, and the public at large.
But before we dive in, just a quick reminder about our raffle.
We are giving away
uh... the super palm ten fifty it's a handheld therapeutic light device from sunpower led created by photo medicine pioneer tom kerber it combines red and near infrared light to help with pain inflammation arthritis tmj neuropathy and even insomnia it normally retails for one thousand nine hundred dollars but one of you will be able to take it home tonight for just the cost of a raffle ticket
Only $10 each.
The more tickets you buy, the better your chances.
And remember, every dollar raise goes right back into supporting the work we do here at VSRF.
The raffle closes Wednesday, September 3rd at midnight, and we'll announce the winner live on the show Thursday, September 4th.
So don't wait, grab your tickets while you can.
Thank you for your support for those that have bought a ticket and for those that will buy a ticket.
And I'm looking forward to announcing the winner on our September 4th show.
And now without further ado, I want to bring on our founder of vaccine safety research foundation, Steve Kirsch.
Steve, welcome back to VSRF live.
How are you today?
Oh, you are muted.

[SPEAKER_04]
Okay, I'm good.
How are you, Olivia?

[SPEAKER_03]
I'm doing very well, although...
I've been tracking these fibrous clots since we had Thomas on for the first time years ago now.
And it's a disturbing topic because these things are growing in people and it hasn't stopped.
And so I'm actually glad that we're going to update the situation tonight because it's one of the most important ways to show what the vaccines are doing to people.
One thing I do want to say, actually, before we bring them on is we have you and Dr. Pierre Corey have a debate coming up on September 13th in New York City.
You were contacted by this producer, Travis Pangburn, and they do these debates, these anti-Trump debates around the country.
They've been doing them.
And for the first time, they want to go after RFK Jr. and they reached out to you to have a debate about vaccines.
Can you tell the audience and tell us a little bit about what your thoughts on this, what's happening on this debate?
Well, we had a different view of ongoing with the other batch.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yes.
Right.
So, so in this debate, it's not a high stakes like my $3 million debate that I have going on with professional judges.
So this one is much shorter.
It's, I guess, a little bit more than 90 minutes.
And so it pits these two guys against myself and Pierre Corey.
And so it should be interesting.
The hard thing is that they're going to try to get us to lose our cool, and then they'll be able to use the clips then forever more.
And so our job is to just remain calm, cool, and don't let them
rattle us.
So that's the goal.
And of course, we're trying to make them look silly as well, based on the evidence.
So it should be an interesting night.
The tickets, I think, are $70 each, and it's in New York City.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, they are on sale.
Janet will put the link in the chat.
So if you're in the New York City region and want to come see Steve and Pierre, take these two.
One of them is a self-proclaimed professor.
That would be Professor Dave Vareen.
I'm going to put this in air quotes, Professor, because I don't really believe he's a real professor.
He's like an odd one.
No, he's not.
He's a self-appointed professor.
Exactly.
And his mode is to attack people and disparage them and character assassinations.
And the other one is Dr. Dan Wilson.
I don't believe he's a practicing medical doctor or anything like that, but he does have some sort of a PhD.
And he's like this online character who likes to supposedly, supposedly he likes to defend big pharma at all costs.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, yeah, he makes up his own facts and says that vaccines don't cause autism.
Right.
Like that.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, with using evidence that's already not actually solid evidence as we know and as you will prove on that debate.
So if you can join us
At the debate, I'll be there as well.
That would be great.
Right now, there is not a live streaming option, but it will be recorded and hopefully played back sometime after the debate.
So hope to see you all there.
Okay, so let's get on with tonight's show.
I'd like to welcome back to VSRF Live.
Thomas Haviland.
Thomas, welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_09]
Livio, doing great.
Since the last time I was on the show, a couple things have happened.
I was actually invited by the president of the Tennessee funeral director's association, Mr. Taylor Moore, to speak at their annual convention, and that happened on June the 8th, and you'll be seeing a clip of that in just a minute.
Also, a couple of Saturdays ago, I actually called Dr. Jay Bhattacharya, our NIH director, on the phone at his home this Saturday evening, so I didn't want
take up too much of Jay's time.
And I had a short conversation with him about the clots and actually sent him some information, hoping that he would get with Bobby Kennedy and Marty MacCury and take a look at the data and get these darn shots off the shelves.

[SPEAKER_04]
What did he say?

[SPEAKER_09]
He said he would look at the information.
I asked him if he was familiar with the white fibrous clots and he said that he has talked to Dr. Ryan Cole about them.
That was no surprise to me and Richard Hirshman.
You know, Richard sent Ryan samples of the clots very early on and Ryan examined those.
So I was not surprised to hear that Jay has talked to Ryan about it.
But what Jay did not do is he did not either implicate the vaccines or defend the vaccines.
He was very neutral in our conversation.

[SPEAKER_04]
So they tend to be that way once they get appointed to these positions.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
Unfortunately, I'm trying to stay optimistic that they're walking that tight rope in there inside the Washington DC walls.
But I also feel like
We do have a sense of urgency because people are dying and things need to happen.
So it's a, it's a delicate situation and I appreciate you continuing to push hard.
That's really important.
And I, before I bring on our next guess, I want to read your bio Thomas for those that don't know you.
Thomas Havelin is a retired U.S. Air Force major and the independent researcher behind the worldwide embalmer blood clot survey since 2021.
Tom's been documenting the unusual rise of white fibrous clots discovered during embalming.
Tom's most recent survey completed at the end of 2024 gathered responses from 301 embalmers worldwide.
With 83% reporting, they are still seeing these clots in roughly one out of every four cases.
Thomas presented his findings to state lawmakers and federal health agencies, and he has also testified before the Ohio Senate Health Committee in support of health care, freedom of legislation, and yeah, just continues to do important work.
Now I want to bring on our other guest tonight, Wallace Hooker.
Wallace Wally Hooker, welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you this evening, sir?

[SPEAKER_07]
Good.
Very good.
Thank you for having me.

[SPEAKER_03]
It's great to have you here.
And I'm going to just continue in the bio section here and read your bio.
Wally is the owner, funeral director, and embalmer of family and friends funeral home in Wingate, Indiana, a funeral home he and his wife Janet designed and built back in 2004.
He's a graduate of Worsham College of Mortuary Science, where he now serves on the advisory board, and he's a past president of the Indiana Funeral Directors Association with decades of hands-on experience, while he is often called in by other professionals for technical consultation, restorative work, and some of their most difficult cases.
He's also shared his expertise as a sought-after lecturer presenting at dozens of state
regional and international conventions.
And he writes the embalming 101 column for funeral home and cemetery news.
In addition, Wally has served Fountain County, Indiana for nearly three decades as deputy coroner.
The last 24 years as chief deputy coroner and investigator.
And it's an honor to have you here with us tonight.
Those are impressive credentials, so you've seen lots.
And I don't know how many of you out there have seen the documentary that featured Wally and Steve Kirsch died suddenly.
And as we get started, I'm actually gonna play a short little clip from the film that features Wally from the film died suddenly.
Here comes the clip, if I can get my stuff here working properly.
Here we go.

[SPEAKER_07]
I was in Ohio last week, or the week before last, and there were 100 embalmers at the Ohio Embalmers Association in my lecture, and I posed these photos up where people could see them.
And nearly all of the embalmers out of 100 in this room raised their hands that they had seen clots and white fibrin structures of that kind of size.
And when I ask again, when did they start seeing them?
Again, it's
that 16-18 month period.

[SPEAKER_00]
Scientists say there has been an increased rise, a sharp rise, in unexplained deaths during the pandemic.
Deaths that are not listed as COVID related.

[SPEAKER_07]
I would just like to find answers because so many people
Young people are just dropping dead.
There were two in the local paper today out of Lafayette, Indiana.
And I questioned, how did they die?
The fetal demise in mothers, gestational mothers in that 22 to 26 week period.
I had a run of that in my funeral home.
And five of the six were vaccinated.
The other had remdesivir.
And they all lost their infants.

[SPEAKER_03]
great clips.
Wally, so when did you first see your first blood white fibrous clot?

[SPEAKER_07]
It was late winter or early spring of 2021.
And, you know, I'm in a rural community.
Something was going on in the fall of 2019.
People were getting sick about the time harvest began.
And you know, when, when farmers are harvesting corn and soybeans, the dust is in the air and, but people were having respiratory issues that were lasting six to eight weeks and they couldn't get over it.
And then, then we get into December and here we are.
So it was here before it was, it was announced that it was here or determined that it was here.
And as things progressed and I thought I was the only one seeing these things.
I thought, this is really strange.
This is an anomaly.
And I started doing some research and I learned that John O'Looney in United Kingdom was talking out about these and I just kept doing further research and I found Richard Hirschman.
in Alabama and I reached out to him and both of them it took a long time for me to be able to communicate with them because I think they were having so many people reach out to them and as I begin to
to share online what I was seeing.
I was meeting with resistance.
People were angry with me.
During COVID, I didn't close my funeral home like the government said we were supposed to.
I thought, how on earth can these big box doors stay open?
But they're trying to limit how many people can be in a funeral home, shutting down churches and schools?
So I just kept looking for answers.
And I wanted to know, why are these people dropping dead?
Why are we finding these things suddenly?
what's happened to these infants that the mothers lost.

[SPEAKER_04]
And it's more- Didn't you know immediately it was the vaccines?

[SPEAKER_07]
No, sir, Steve.
I didn't know for sure.
I was looking for answers.
But what made me lean that direction was the number of people that started reaching out to me and saying, I was healthy.
There was nothing wrong with me until I did a certain thing
And almost immediately I started having symptoms.
I've had chronic illnesses that the doctors can't get to the bottom of.
That's when a light went on for me and I thought, there we are.
And I just kept working.
I've been business over this.
I've lost friends over this.
But you know what?
I just, I'd like to find answers.

[SPEAKER_04]
And when did this start happening?
When did you realize that it was the vaccines?
Like what date?
Was it in 2021?

[SPEAKER_07]
You know, that would be hard.
Maybe later in 21, after I started communicating with John O'Looney and Richard and Anna Marie and some others that they were seeing the same things.
But in my situation, I was able to meet with families that had lost someone and I could ask them the question.

[SPEAKER_04]
And so in every case where you've seen these clots, was the case vaccinated?

[SPEAKER_07]
Yes, sir.
Now, if I can back up just a little bit.
Early on, when we were meeting with so much resistance calling these things clots, they don't have the properties of blood.
They're a thick, fibrous structure with no blood in them.
When I talk about them, I call them white fibrous structures.
And I could open up my phone right now and hold it up and I could show you clots that over 100 people have sent me photos of.
It's not localized, but when someone says, well, I talked to an embalmer, he's never seen him.
All right, I have somebody reach out to me and want to bust my chops and said, I've been embalming 40 years.
I've been seeing these all the time.
I don't believe it.
I just, I don't understand how it can be both ways that they've always seen them or they've never seen them.

[SPEAKER_04]
What are the numbers in terms of the people who call you up and say, I've been seeing these for 40 years?
And how many of those people do you meet versus how many of the people do you meet saying, I've never seen these before in my career?

[SPEAKER_07]
More people reach out to me and want to share what they've seen.
I've had three people in the last five days send me photos of what they recovered.
that are dismissing this, they don't reach out.
an educator write a paper busting me and saying that these things were forming after death, that it was during COVID and that the bodies were laying too long and they were forming after death, that it was the chemicals we were using to clean the tables.
It was the chemicals we were using to embalm with that was causing these clots.
But now that they're recovering these from living people,
that tells a different story.
And one of those came to my funeral home in December and had one of these structures from his groin just down below his knee and he's left leg and he's left femoral.
And it was the same kind of a structure.

[SPEAKER_04]
Okay, so it's clearly not happening after the fact.
Was it happening, and this wasn't happening at all before the vaccine trolled out.
You never saw these clots before the vaccine trolled out.

[SPEAKER_07]
There were lots and always small chicken fibrous cuts, but not like this, not like these sizes.

[SPEAKER_09]
Steve, everything that Wally's saying is being corroborated by the surveys that I've done.
The vast majority of the embalmers said that this phenomenon started in 2021 after the rollout of the vaccines.
They're corroborating everything that Wally's saying.
Yeah, that's good.

[SPEAKER_04]
We actually have it.
It's a very consistent story.
There's no inconsistencies.
So if your hypothesis is the vaccine, there aren't any inconsistencies in the data that would suggest that it could be something else.

[SPEAKER_09]
Right.
Only a few of the embalmers that responded to the survey in our comments section said that these clots have never existed or said that they've always existed.
People like Richard Hirschman, as you know,
I started seeing the white fibrous clots I think in April or May of 2021 about four or five months after the vaccines rolled out.
Never saw them in 2020.
The year we had COVID been no vaccines yet.
So that's this consistent story I get from people like John O'Looney, Anna Marie Foster,
across.
She's in a unique position like Wally is.
She's both a funeral director and in Baltimore.
So she's asked people to when they she finds the white fibers, clots in her corpses.
She asked the families, Hey, did your loved one happen to take the jab?
And the answer she says 100% of the time for her was yes, as well.

[SPEAKER_07]
So, you know, I didn't mean to interrupt you in in the early spring of 2021.
when we started finding these.
Only two things in our world had changed, two things.
The vaccine was rolled out and there was COVID.
It was ludicrous to me that those that are smarter than me, because it was pointed out to me that I'm not a medical doctor.
One of the big funeral director associations even said that embalmers aren't qualified to make a determination what these things are.
Instead of having our back trying to find an answer, and I can go find it and I know who the woman was that made the comment, through us under the bus.

[SPEAKER_09]
That's a silly comment to make.
Obviously, the embalmers don't know how or why the cloths were forming.

[SPEAKER_07]
No, we don't.

[SPEAKER_09]
It's for scientists to determine.
But you are qualified on what you're seeing.
It's a new phenomenon.
In fact, we talked to Dr. John Campbell early on when I did one of the interviews with John.
He said, Tom, actually before we had an interview, he went and talked to several local embalmers and they were seeing the cloths.
This time, I've also looked up in my pathology books, my old pathology books prior to COVID 2020.
And all I can see are photos of traditional grape jelly claws and chicken fat claws.
I can see nothing like these white fibrous claws in any of the pathology books.
He said, this is definitely a new pathology.
So John was convinced.
So we've got very good arguments to go against the naysayers to say that these things have always existed.
Because if they had, they should have showed up in old pathology books.
And if they've never existed, well, how come we're showing them right here?
You know, how come, like I said, while he says their doctors are also pulling them out of the living as well.
And we've got photo after photo of them.

[SPEAKER_04]
Right.
So nobody can answer any of these questions that people would tell you you're not qualified.
They're not telling you the answer for, uh, here's what you're really seeing.

[SPEAKER_07]
No, they can't.
Well, I've had one naysayer called it long COVID.
And I said, who made that word out?
How do you know it's long COVID?
How do you know it's not something else?

[SPEAKER_03]
We're seeing these when, so there's this period of time when COVID came out and we were watching the news and seeing the ticker of deaths.
Were you seeing a big increase in 2020 before the vaccines rolled out?
And did you pull any of these out before the vaccines rolled out?
I think I started with that, but there was that period of where you should have had an increase in business.
Hate to say it that way.

[SPEAKER_07]
No.
You know what's interesting?
I didn't have an uptick in business in 2021 and 22.
I'm watching what's going on in New York and they're burying people on Rikers Island because they're so overwhelmed.
I saw the abuse locally of doctors using
COVID-19 is a cause of death.
When I knew full well, because I knew the family, I knew what the history of this person was.
They didn't die from COVID, but because they tested positive for COVID, that's what was listed on the death certificate.
And all the causes of death, or the causes that caused his death were listed down in the little box that said other contributing causes.
I saw the abuse of it, and people wouldn't listen to me.
They said, what do you know better than a doctor?
I've been a coroner 30 years, I've listened to doctors and pathologists.
Nobody would listen to you?
Oh, lots of people would listen to me, but they weren't as loud as those trying to dismiss me.
But you know, I stood firm, I have faith, I tried to fight the good fight, and I'm still out here just looking for answers.

[SPEAKER_04]
And so just do any lawmakers call your anybody, you know, sort of higher up the food chain that could, you know, influence policy, anybody like that ever call you and say, Hey, I've heard about these things.
I want to learn firsthand.

[SPEAKER_07]
Never.
Never.

[SPEAKER_04]
A lot to be said for intellectual curiosity.
Pardon me.
Oh, it's a lot to be said for intellectual curiosity, isn't it?

[SPEAKER_07]
You know what I've said all along.
They know what the answer is, and they know the answer, or they are afraid of what the answer is if they go deeper into it.

[SPEAKER_04]
So when do you think this will turn around?

[SPEAKER_07]
I had lunch with a physician in Lafayette, Indiana, who is on board with us.
And he was interested in what I was finding.
I took him samples.
We had lunch.
And I said, do you think that there's a chance, Doc?
that with the different vaccines and the different blood types, maybe certain blood types react adversely with the vaccine.
And he said, that's a really good question.
And I said, why does it take a little rural embalmer, dental director, to ask that question?
And he leaned forward over his salad and he said, Wally, I don't think you understand what you're up against.

[SPEAKER_03]
What do you think he meant by that?
I know what he meant by that.

[SPEAKER_07]
And he told me to be careful.
So I started sharing a weapon with me everywhere I go.
But if they're going to take me out, they're going to take a bunch of them out.
And if it's my time, it's my time.

[SPEAKER_04]
But you never had any kind of incident.

[SPEAKER_07]
No, no, no, sir.
I have not, Steve.
No.

[SPEAKER_09]
And it's a little late for that, Steve, because, you know, now we have, it's not just the six or seven embalmers in the Diet Suddenly movie.
My surveys have shown that 250, an army of 250 embalmers from around the world now are corroborated, what Wally and Richard Hirshman and the others are seeing.
And, you know, they're saying they're seeing the cloths and as Livio, I think it's going to show here shortly.
We also have video footage of me at the Tennessee funeral director association annual convention where I was invited to be a guest speaker of about 18 of 28 and bombers in that room, raising their hands saying they're seeing the white fibrous cloths.

[SPEAKER_04]
So 18 of 20, what?

[SPEAKER_09]
18 of 28, 64% Steve in that room.
I took a paper survey there.

[SPEAKER_04]
Okay, but shouldn't it be 100%?
Why would it only be 64%?

[SPEAKER_07]
They're still awesome.
May I answer to that, Steve and Tom?
Yeah.
When you have a funeral director's conference, probably more of the attendees are funeral directors that never go in the embalming room anymore than there are actual embalmers.
or in the trenches working every day.
When you consider the big corporations that own large numbers of funeral homes, they will not allow their embalmers to take their cell phones into the prep room and take any kind of photos.
If they do, it's grounds for immediate dismissal.
And there are still those in this business that it is a sacred business.
They trust us with their dead.
And with that comes a big responsibility.
And some people just won't talk about what they see.

[SPEAKER_03]
You mentioned they're owned by big, there's conglomerates and then there's the independence.
Like you're an independent funeral home.
What percentage of independent funeral director, funeral homes are there out there?

[SPEAKER_07]
You know, I think it's probably more like 60% are still independently owned.
or they're owned by smaller corporations and people that put together a cluster of funeral homes.

[SPEAKER_09]
And the ones that are, like you say, are more likely to admit they're seeing the cloths.
For example, one of the first people I found after I watched that segment you showed of Wally and died suddenly, Wally's the reason I'm here is because I watched the whole movie.
But if everything that happened in that movie, when Wally said that he was lecturing at the Ohio Embalmer's Association and those embalmers raised their hands saying they were seeing these unusual cloths, that's
That's either false or true, right?
So the very next day after I watched the movie that I had to premiere, I called the Ohio and Balmers Association myself, talked to their president, Mr. Dan Becker, their vice president, Mr. Woody Wilson, their secretary, Mr. David Hicks.
And I asked all three gentlemen, hey, did you happen to be in the room at the time?
There was 100 and Balmers raised their hands.
I wanted to find out if Wally was lying or not.
And none of them happened to be in the room at the time.
However, the vice president, Woody Wilson, who runs his own funeral home in Marysville, Ohio, and does his own embalming, Woody said to me, Tom, I'm seeing the white fibrous clots too.
So, and then now Woody's the president of the Ohio Embalmers Association.
They were a well respected man in my state.
And he's corroborating these six or seven embalmers, including Wally in this died suddenly film.
So that's why I created the World White Embalmer Blood Cloth Survey.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, and what does he say is the cause of the of the clots?

[SPEAKER_09]
Woody Yeah, I Think he thinks it's the vaccine I mean most of the involved is it responded in the comment section to the to the involved or surveys I give you know probably 70 to 80% believe it's the vaccine that's causing it.

[SPEAKER_04]
What are the other 20% think?

[SPEAKER_09]
I'd say only about 5% actually defend the vaccine, and then the others don't talk about it.
They just talk about, hey, I'm seeing unusual stuff.

[SPEAKER_04]
But what do they think the cause is?
For the people who don't attribute it to the vaccine, maybe there's another cause.
Maybe we're missing something.
We're all getting fooled here.
So what are the other 20% that say it's not the vaccine?
What do they say it's caused by?

[SPEAKER_09]
I just can't speculate because I'm exactly right.
Only two things have changed since 2020, and that's the virus and the vaccine.
Really, everything else is, from out behind, they use the same.
The whole procedures they use are the same.

[SPEAKER_04]
Right, well, nobody's going to change.
If there isn't going to be a massive change in procedures where everybody changes their procedures all of a sudden after the COVID vaccine comes out, come on, that's not going to happen.
It's not caused by procedures.
But my question is,
The people who don't say it's the vaccine, the 20% who don't say it's the vaccine, what do they say it is?

[SPEAKER_07]
I've heard people attribute it to environmental factors.
Environmental factors, of course.
Our diet.
But I said, well, how does it just happen this quick?

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, I was in around 2020 or 2019 if it's your diet, because we were eating pizza and Cheetos back then, too.

[SPEAKER_04]
Exactly.
Maybe it's a new brand of Doritos that they all had in common.

[SPEAKER_03]
I want to play this video of Thomas actually in the room so you can see for yourself the response to... Yeah, you want me to set it up first.

[SPEAKER_09]
Basically, I'm at the convention.
I'm in this room.
I first of all ask, how many embalmers, active embalmers do I have in the room that are doing active embalming now?
And you'll see them raise their hands.
I then ask him, if you're seeing the white fibrous clots,
Keep your hands up.
If you're not, then please lower your hands.
And you'll see very few and maybe only about a third of the room lower their hands.
Two thirds of the room keep their hands up.
And then I asked them, any funeral directors or other staff, there are not embalmers, are they seeing the clots too?
And one or two more hands come up.
So go ahead and tell you, Olivia.

[SPEAKER_07]
Can I give you a show of hands in the room?

[SPEAKER_09]
How many folks in here are actually doing active involving right now?
Raise your hands, move your hands up, okay?
Of those people, leave them up.
Of those people that are doing active involving, if you're seeing these white fibers clots over the last few years, keep your hand up.
If you're not seeing them, please put your hand down.
Okay?
It looks like there's still quite a few hands up in them.
That's interesting.
Look around, folks, if you're a fellow at the moment, you can see how many hands are up.
If you keep your hands up now, people that are other people in the funeral home, funeral veterans who don't bowl, other staff, how many of you have seen the White Fiber response as well?
I know you wander into the, okay?
So, a lot of hands up there, okay?
So this is a big deal, right, Steve?
Because this is the first time we have official acknowledgement from a United States State Funeral Director Association that these white fibers, colomits, are indeed real.
And actually, I took a, as we'll talk about here, we're going to go through
a slide deck of a survey I gave in person at that meeting.
I did a paper survey, had all the embalmers fill it out, put it in a box, and I tallied it up.
Then I reported the results the next morning of the convention to the embalmers that were there.
So you'll see that the white fibers cluster is still quite prevalent even in Tennessee.
So you know what I do?

[SPEAKER_04]
So Wallace, do you tell the family when you see these clots that you pulled these clots out of the body while you were embalming?
And do you think that these clots are actually the cause of the death of the person?

[SPEAKER_07]
with the ones where I found that I don't believe they were the cause, no.
And in most of the families, when I asked them about the vaccine status and the medical history, they will ask, did you find any when you embalmed?
Because they're curious.

[SPEAKER_04]
And I think part of the problem- So the families know, most of the families know?

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, they'll ask me and I will answer them straight.

[SPEAKER_09]
You'll see that unusual, Steve, because we're going to go to a slide in my deck in the response to that.
Very few of the embalmers said that people are asking that question.
Wally, I think, lives in a unique community where the people are more closely knit and they're not afraid to ask each other and ask questions and they trust Wally.
But he's unusual.
I think most embalmers don't have and funeral directors have that same kind of friendly relationship with the families they deal with, that intimate relationship.

[SPEAKER_07]
And part of the problem, Steve and Tom, is it's political.
There are those out there that believe those of us that are finding these and are talking about it.
It's purely political that we back the conservative side of the page.
And those people are watching the other side of the page.
And they've been spoon fed.
And they've all had it.
They don't want to admit that potentially there could be a problem or that they made a mistake.
and they're just trenched in and they don't care what we find.
They say that none of my information comes peer reviewed.

[SPEAKER_04]
Not peer reviewed.
Have you thought about asking some of your peers to review it?

[SPEAKER_07]
Well, it wouldn't take long.
If I wanted to go to that work, it wouldn't take long.

[SPEAKER_04]
Why not do that?
You know, just so you can answer the, it's not peer-reviewed.
You could say that, yeah, well, I sent it to 10 of my peers and they reviewed it and they agreed.

[SPEAKER_07]
It's interesting.

[SPEAKER_09]
That's where I come into play, Steve.
I'm doing the numbers counting from behalf of these embalmers because they're busy.
This is their job, right?
This is their livelihood.
But I'm retired.
I have the time to collect the data and try to find out what's going on at the aggregate level.
So before you do that, what are the percentages like?

[SPEAKER_04]
What were the percentages back in 2021, 22, 23, 24, 25?
If I'm the typical embalmer, what percentage of my cases in 2021 would have the collats?
What would it be in 2022?
Is it going down?
Is it going up?
What's the curve look like?

[SPEAKER_09]
It's staying fairly flat, the percentage of corpses with the white fibers clots between 20 to 30%.
When I did my first survey, I actually did it at the end of 2022.
And in that survey, 66% of the embalmers were seeing the clots.
They were seeing them in 30% of their corpses.
Then the next year, in my 2023 end of year survey,
It was 73% of the embalmers seeing the clots in 20% of the corpses.
So it went down from 30% to 20%.
And I said, oh, great, this is good trend, right?
And it may sense to me, we're getting further away from people taking their jazz back in 2021.
But then when I took my latest survey in 2024, it popped back up to 27% of the corpses.
And it was 83% of the embalmers seeing them.
So I said, uh-oh, we got a bad trend here.
We're going back in the wrong direction.
And we're also seeing the microclotting in about 25% of their corpses to the last two years.
So there are 20, 25 numbers?
No, I'll be doing a survey this November, December to pick up the end of year 2025.
But what you're going to see is the Tennessee embalmers are kind of a canary in the coal mine.
So they're telling me what they're seeing in the first half of 2025.
And we'll get to that information here in just a minute.
You'll see it's 17% of corpses.

[SPEAKER_07]
Could I suggest maybe why the percentage is down is since COVID when
our government and their infinite wisdom mismanaged COVID.
COVID about put an end to funeral service as we knew it.
And it wasn't COVID that did it.
It was our government's mismanagement of COVID.
And so we have family members who lost people during COVID that did maybe a direct cremation or an immediate burial and had no service because they wanted to follow the rules.
And now,
Post COVID, if you will, we're having deaths and people say, well, we buried mom.
We didn't do anything.
We can just do the same with dad.

[SPEAKER_09]
Premation is a bit of a involving in a funeral showing.
Interesting.

[SPEAKER_07]
And that's sad because I don't, I don't think it's something we're going to get around very easily.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yep.
Sure.
Before we get to these slides, I want to remind our audience, if you have questions for Thomas or for Wally or for Steve or myself, put them in the chat, all caps, and we'll get to as many questions as possible after we're done with, with the interview and presentation here.
So I'm going to go ahead and share my screen, Tom, if you want to take us through this.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.
Like I said, I did the survey the same day of June 8th in Franklin, Tennessee, just a little bit south of Nashville.
Go ahead, next slide, Livio.
I asked the folks there, what is your current position?
As you can see there, there were three that were funeral directors only.
They don't do any active embalming.
There were three that were active embalmers only.
They don't do any funeral directing.
But as you can see, there were 22 that actually are both are funeral directors and active embalmers like Wally.
And that didn't surprise me because Richard had told me
that when funeral directors and bombers go for their license in mortuary schools, there's a lot of classes that overlap.
So they usually do pick up both degrees.
And then, you know, so, but what this is telling me that basically 25 of the people that responded are responding to the survey are doing active embalming, right?
Only three of them are funeral directors that don't do active embalming.
Next slide.
So of course, the first important question is, have you seen the white fiber structures, like Wally likes to call them, because you're right, they're not true blood clots, but I put clots in there, because that's kind of the common term that people know them by.
But I said, have you seen the white fiber structures, clots in the veins and or arteries of your corpses during the first half of 2025?
And these Tennessee and Baltimore's and funeral directors, as you can see, see 64% of them, 18 of the 28, said yes.
So not a good trend.
Next slide.
I then asked him, what percentage of your corpses have you seen the white fibers, structures, clots in 2025?
If you average all the bars together, you get a weighted average of 17% of corpses in the first half of 2025.
What's interesting about that, as I said in my last worldwide survey, at the end of 2024, it was 27% of corpses.
I was thinking, you know, these are Tennessee and Balmers.
And Tennessee is a red state, Steve.
And my guess is that maybe less people over the age of 18, adults took the COVID vaccines in a red state like Tennessee.
So that may be part of the explanation for why they said they were seeing it in a lower percentage of corpses.
Obviously, we're also further away from most people.
You know, the first couple of jabs in 2021, most people passed on the boosters.
What do you think about that, Wally and Steve and Livio?

[SPEAKER_03]
I'm hearing people stop taking it after their first booster that met most people.
I asked that question quite regularly.
Are you up to date with your, with your COVID jabs?
And most people reluctantly just go, yeah, no, I stopped taking it a while ago.

[SPEAKER_09]
But what do you think about the possibility, gentlemen, of lower percentage of corpses having the clots in a red state versus a blue state?

[SPEAKER_07]
I definitely agree.
I definitely agree.
Like in my area, definitely.
Yes.

[SPEAKER_09]
You're in a conservative part of Indiana, correct?

[SPEAKER_03]
The whole state is.
And I'm in a blue state and most people here got jabbed.
So it's probable that you'd see higher numbers in a blue state if the embalmers were willing to speak up.

[SPEAKER_07]
It's interesting the number of people that admit to me that, yes, I did allow that to happen, but I did it to keep my job.
I did it to be able to see my grandchildren.
I did it so I could go into a restaurant.
Isn't it interesting that during that, if you were in one of the big cities on the East Coast, to go into a restaurant, you had to show proof of being vaccinated.
But now people get mad when a young adult dies,
And we ask the question, do you think they were vaccinated?

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, they don't like that question.

[SPEAKER_09]
They don't like that question.
I know it's a small sample size, Steve.
Any thoughts on that on blue state versus red state uptake?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, that makes sense.
Could could be another explanation, but certainly that that makes sense.

[SPEAKER_09]
OK, next slide.
We then asked a new question.
We asked the impalmers, what's the longest white fibers structure cloth you've removed from a corpse in 2025?
And nine of the embalmers said one to two inches.
Seven said a white fibers clot three to five inches long.
Five of them said a clot six to 12 inches long.
And one of them even said a white fibers clot that was over 12 inches long.
Wally, what's the longest clot you've found in a course?

[SPEAKER_07]
I've seen them longer than 12 inches.
Wow.
I have photos.

[SPEAKER_04]
How long?

[SPEAKER_07]
A colleague sent me a photo of one that's laid beside a yardstick and it almost covers 36 inches.
It came out of the, I can't say which leg, but it came out of a leg.

[SPEAKER_09]
So for moral artery probably that's, and what I did my people's blood clot survey late last year, Steve, the 1400 people that responded to that survey, the number one location for the clots were DVTs in the leg, followed by the second most common location were was the lungs, pulmonary embolisms.
And then followed by brain and heart.
So they're occurring all over the body.
I know Richard sees a lot of them in the Biliac region where he has his injection site point, but he also finds them in the carotid artery as well up in the neck.
They're all over the place.

[SPEAKER_04]
So this is on all of the information sheets for both vaccines, right?
For the Pfizer vaccine and the Moderna vaccine.
It says the possible side effects, 36 inch long clocks in your femoral artery and like that would be listed.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, people got those shots and they knew nothing about the side effects.
They knew nothing about the duration of the shots.
They were just, they did not have informed consent.
You're absolutely correct.

[SPEAKER_03]
safe and effective.

[SPEAKER_07]
What I find interesting, maybe in 2022, I was at the Indiana Coroner's Conference, and I was interacting with some forensic pathologists.
And I showed them the photos.
And just about all of them were dismissive, didn't want to talk about it, didn't want to hear about it.
And I said, why do you think they're forming?
I don't know.

[SPEAKER_09]
Now, Wally, Wally, you've never removed a great jelly clot that was able to hold together that that is that long, right?
Or even a chicken fat clot, nothing like that.

[SPEAKER_07]
I can show you a current jelly clot that's probably the size of, you know, I'll bet it was six inches long and it's bigger round as the bottom of
of a Coke bottle.
And this came, this came from a Pentecostal pastor's wife who was a fellow director and bomber.
None of us have any reason to lie about what we're seeing.
That's what disturbs me.
We have no agenda.
Nobody's paying us to say these things.
It's cost me money.
It's cost me my reputation to a certain degree.
But on the other hand, I had a local guy say, you know, people look up to you because you've taken a stand.
You're looking for answers.
And maybe you think you've lost business that you might be getting business to as a result of how you are.
So just fighting the fight.
And when people send me these photos, I know we're not in this alone.

[SPEAKER_09]
Amen.
Now the grape jelly clot you removed that was six inches long.
Did that break up pretty easily?
I would think so, right?

[SPEAKER_07]
Those do.
And then I had an embalmer send me a photo of a big fibrin clot.
It was probably eight to 10 inches long.
And he actually put five sets of locking forceps on it and held it up.
and it didn't break it.

[SPEAKER_09]
Wow.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_09]
Richard, he stretched them too and they've had pretty good tensile strength and they snap back like a rubber band.
They can take a lot of force before they snap.

[SPEAKER_07]
Listen, I've soaked them in turpentine and it didn't affect them.
I've soaked them in straight formaldehyde.
It didn't affect them.
It changed the color.
I've used just rubbing alcohol.
nothing attacked him.
So I think once they're in the body, I don't know how they could break down when they're that large.

[SPEAKER_09]
They don't.
And I'm from talking to Dr. Mohan to share the my semi whistleblower from Jacksonville, Florida.
He told me that, you know, they first of all, when they get the patient and they try their best clot busting drugs like tissue, plasmid is an activator,
TPA.
They work great on grape jelly clots and chicken fat clots.
They don't work worth a darn on these white fibers clots because they're so tough like you're talking about.
So then he has to go in flexible catheters to either suck the clot out, scrape it out, or lasso it and pull it out.
Now, what's the largest chicken fat clot you've ever found?

[SPEAKER_07]
Because those have been around before COVID.
Yeah, those were around.
And I don't think that they've changed that much.
What's the largest one of those you've ever found?
Three to four inches, something like that.

[SPEAKER_09]
But they do tear easily?
Yes.

[SPEAKER_03]
Are you still finding those?

[SPEAKER_07]
Yes.
And the current, yeah.
The microclots?
Yes.

[SPEAKER_09]
And with the great jelly clots you mentioned earlier, the embalmers that I've talked to, including Woody Wilson, the president of the Ohio Embalmers Association, Woody said that actually he started seeing when we actually had COVID before he even had the vaccines, his great jelly clots started becoming more like great jam.
It became a little thicker that year in 2020.
But he didn't see any white fibers clots himself until 2021 after the jabs rolled out, just like you and Richard Hirschman.

[SPEAKER_04]
So since all this has become known, has there been any significant change in terms of people recognize?
Is there anybody anywhere in the world, any health authority anywhere in the world that recognizes this and has said and has warned people?

[SPEAKER_09]
not to my knowledge steve i'd you know i've every year i've had my survey done i've immediately reported the results to the n i h cdc in f d a i i i got a tracking number on my very first survey i think i sent that to you and but the f d a never contacted me at a meeting of their vaccine related biological products by the committee when it was under peter barks is you know direction we don't know about marks his people did not reach out to me at all so i resubmitted all the

[SPEAKER_04]
Call me not surprised on that one.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, yeah.
Well, that's why I'm working hard with Jay Bhattacharya and Bobby's folks and Marty McCary, because I'm hoping under this new administration, they will start to pay attention to it.
I understand they're dealing with a deep state inside their own organizations.
I'm hoping that these new guys at the top that are our allies will get the job done and get them working on this.

[SPEAKER_07]
You know, you asked Steve about people speaking out in the profession.
When you look at how
Dr. Peter McCullough has been treated, how Brian Artis has been treated, how Ryan Cole has been treated.
Here's people with knowledge, and they have the background that these people that were dismissing me were looking for, but yet they go out there and they talk about it, they can substantiate it and back it up, and they're still just being beat up and dismissed.

[SPEAKER_09]
And they go after their licenses and board certifications and try to make an example at them to shut the rest of us up.

[SPEAKER_07]
Exactly.
And Dr. Moller lost his credentials.
He was a head of cardiology, in a medical school, and they dismissed him.
Yeah, it was Baylor.
That's it.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.
Go to the next slide, Livio, and we'll talk about it.
Wally already mentioned this.
I have put a question in there for the Tennessee embalmers.
Has a family member of the deceased ever asked you to look for the white fiber structures in their loved one or asked if you found the white fiber structures, clots in their loved one in 2025 or any year prior?
And of the 28 that responded, only one of them said that a family member's ever asked them about the clots, which is unusual.
You've had multiple people, well, you've talked to about the clots, the families of the deceased.
But this is telling me that maybe the family's too embarrassed to ask.
Maybe there was nothing unusual about the death.
The person didn't die under any suspicious circumstances.
But then I think there might be that subset of people in denial.
Maybe they encourage their loved one to get the jab.
They know about the white fibers clots.
And the last thing they want is for the embalmer to find white fibers clots in their loved one that they encourage to take the jab.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, well, it could be also that they have had better thing on other things on their mind.
They just lost a loved one and they're, they're absolutely grieving.
Yeah.
Right.

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, how do you handle that?
You got to be very careful, don't you?
When you're talking to the family of the deceased, because it is a time of grieving.
How do you handle that?

[SPEAKER_07]
I just tell them that since 2021, I've been trying to track things.
I've seen anomalies and
that things were presenting themselves that we hadn't seen before, and I'm trying to figure out what's wrong.
And I said, can I ask you a couple of questions?
Sure.
And I asked the question.

[SPEAKER_09]
Well done.

[SPEAKER_07]
And I'd like to share that in the calendar year 2021, at the Tippecanoe County Coroner's Office in Lafayette, Indiana,
And Lafayette and West Lafayette Purdue University, I suppose with a full population is over 60,000.
The cause of death attributed to a blood clot in 2021 rose 800% in the Tippecanoe County Coroner's Office.
It's public record.
They put out a report every year.
And so when I approached them about that.

[SPEAKER_04]
800%.
Tell me the number before versus after because like one versus eight is small.
What are we talking about here?

[SPEAKER_07]
I could get you that answer.
I'm not going to make something up to look like I'm smart because I'm not.
But I could get you that answer.

[SPEAKER_04]
I'd be really interested.

[SPEAKER_07]
And the interesting thing is I talked to the coroner about it because she knows and she believes a lot like we do.
I said, why can't we do a little more work and get to the bottom of this?
Because the pathologists I spoke to have no idea why they formed, why there was a pulmonary embolism, why there was a blood clot in the brain, in the heart that caused the death.
And she said, we don't have the time or the money.

[SPEAKER_09]
You know, I've done some snooping around in my home state of Ohio, Steve, in like Green County, Ohio, where I live.
fairly small county.
We have about 170,000 people and there's about 1,100 people died per year all the way up through 2020, including the year of COVID.
But then it jumped to about 1,400 people dying per year in my county.
And it stayed that way ever since 2021.
So we've had 300 more people dying per year in my county.
And I've went and looked at larger counties like Franklin County, Ohio, which encompasses Columbus, also Cuyahoga County, which is encompasses Cleveland.
They also have had about 10% excess mortality in.
that the years after the jabs were not, not 2020, but after the jabs rolled out.
So it's corroborating all this information that we're seeing at a worldwide level about excess mortality in the highly vaccinated countries versus countries in Africa.
For example, my wife from Kenya, they had very little uptake of the COVID-19 vaccines.
They've had no problem with excess mortality in the last four or five years because they didn't take the jab.
Very few of them took the jabs.

[SPEAKER_07]
Nor have the Amish.
I tried to follow that up in Park County, Indiana.

[SPEAKER_04]
And what happened?

[SPEAKER_07]
They didn't take it.
And there was no uptick of those folks dying.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, we got to get them to watch TV.

[SPEAKER_07]
Now, do you embalm all these people, Wally?
I do not, but colleagues do.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yes.
And are they finding white fibers, clots in those?

[SPEAKER_04]
Oh, that'd be a great question.

[SPEAKER_07]
No, I have not asked that question.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.
My guess is not.

[SPEAKER_07]
I do have a trade embalmer that helps me when I'm busy.
And he said the same thing.
It slowed down to maybe one out of four, one out of five now.

[SPEAKER_09]
That's slow.
Can you understand?
Yeah, what a thought.
It's slow.

[SPEAKER_04]
20%, 20% of you will get these quads.

[SPEAKER_09]
Steve, three million Americans die every year in this country, Steve.
If one fifth of them have these white fibers clots in them, we got a serious problem on our hands.
Okay, next question we asked is, have you seen evidence of microclotting, was the embalmers referred to as coffee grounds or dirty blood in the drainage coming off the corpse in 2025?
And the Tennessee embalmers, you can see there's 70% of them said they're seeing that phenomenon.
Next slide.

[SPEAKER_07]
Had two last week.

[SPEAKER_09]
Did ya?
And now this is a phenomenon, by the way, while you'll attest to this as well, right?
You have seen this prior to COVID and the vaccines prior to 2019, but most of the embalmers say it's in way less, was in way less than 5% of their corpses are used to be.
Now, like I said, if you average those bars together, again, they're seeing this phenomenon, the Tennessee embalmers, and about 70% of their corpses in 2025.
So at least tripling of that phenomenon.
As we know, Dr. Risa Petorius from South Africa, Dr. Jordan Vaughn from Birmingham, Alabama and his long COVID, long VAX clinic, they're treating a lot of patients with microclotting issues.
So is Pierre Corey as well in his practice with Scott Marsland.
So, and this can be, you know, that's just as dangerous as the white fibrous claws because it can block the exchange of lungs to carry that oxygen into all the major organs of your body, your brain, your eyes.
That's why a lot of people I think are suffering now from brain fog or poor vision problems.
They're not getting good oxygen exchange in their head because of the micro clotting going on.

[SPEAKER_04]
Have either of you been vaccinated?

[SPEAKER_09]
I have not.
No.
I have family members now.
I have two kids, Steve, that were going to university and they didn't want to fight for religious exemptions.
So they both took the jabs.
I guess my... Yeah, well, welcome to the club.

[SPEAKER_04]
I got a 21-year-old daughter.
I worry about whether she's going to give me a baby someday, you know?
I'm worried about.
I have to run because I've got an appointment with my daughter that I've got to be at.
But I'll let Livio continue on the conversation.
Thank you so much for being here today and sharing your stories.
It's important work.
It's too bad nobody's listening.

[SPEAKER_07]
I think more people, uh, Steve are listening and paying attention.

[SPEAKER_04]
The people that, the people that matter at the top are not listening and taking action on the system.
That's the, that's the troubling thing.

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, Steve, we know you have a little bit of influence, at least with Bobby Kennedy.
So, yeah, yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
I can tell you what, what drives him is he doesn't want to be labeled as anti science.
So if you guys can get somebody to write it up, uh, we can get it published in a peer reviewed, uh, journal.
That would help.

[SPEAKER_09]
Okay, what I'll do is I'll run my 2025 survey at the end of this year, and I'll take all four of my surveys, 2022 through 2025, and put them in a one document that kind of encompasses it all.
And we can turn that in and get that written up.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, great.
Thanks.
We'll see you next week.
I'm going to continue with the slides here, Tom.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.
This is a really sad issue.
This is a question we asked in our 2023 Worldwide Survey, so I figured I'd ask it again.
I'll probably ask it again at the end of this year's survey.
Have you noticed an increase in infant deaths, either at your funeral home or your local hospital morgue in 2025, compared to the years 2019 and prior?
I was a little shocked by this, Livio.
39% of the embalmers, the Tennessee embalmers there, 11 out of the 28 said, yes.

[SPEAKER_03]
That's a large number for infants.

[SPEAKER_09]
And for so far, you know, past the, like I said, the shots that were given, most people took four years ago and stopped taking after, you know, the first booster or so.
So what do you think?
But Wally, what's your experience with infant deaths?

[SPEAKER_07]
You know, I'm knocking on wood.
They're the toughest thing we deal with.
physically and emotionally with them and their families.
But I just talked to the coroner in Tippecanoe County and they had four this week already.
But they declined to take them as a coroner's case that the mothers delivered in the hospital.
And these were all gestational mothers in that 21 to 27 week stage.
And so they didn't take them on as a coroner's case, but she was aware that there were four this week in Tippecanoe County, Indiana.
and she didn't know any specifics or any background, but she's gonna try to get me some information.

[SPEAKER_09]
I'm guessing that prior to 2019, they'd see maybe one or two every couple of months?

[SPEAKER_07]
If that often, if that often.

[SPEAKER_09]
So this is like a tremendous rise in infant deaths.
Ms. Carriage is still birthed.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
Terrible.
Next slide, Olivia.
Next slide that continues this.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, we asked them, okay, what percentage increase in infant deaths did you see in 2025 compared to the years 2019 and prior?
Now, if you do not include the green bar there, the 14, but if you just average together the 11 and the three, you get an average of an increase of 14% increase in infant deaths in 2025 compared to the pre-COVID years for just those that saw the increase.
But in my 2023 survey, it was about a 25% increase in infant deaths for just those that saw the increase.
So again, a very sad thing going on here.
And we know that the spike protein from the vaccine has been found in the delivered placentas after the woman delivers the child.
We know it's been found in the breast milk, the mother going to the child.
So this is quite unfortunate that the spike protein from the vaccine is getting in to the infant.

[SPEAKER_03]
And they continue to recommend that pregnant women get the COVID jab, as I'll share at the end of the show tonight.
I'm going to close with a video that from the legacy media, from CBS, basically saying, yes, you should continue getting these jabs.

[SPEAKER_09]
Next line.
One of the other questions we asked in our 2023 Worldwide Survey that I asked the Tennessee embalmers is, what age groups check all that apply?
Did you see an increase in the number of clots of any type, whether, you know, grape jelly or chicken fat or white fibers clots or microclotting in 2025 when compared to the years 2019 and prior?
And the good news, I guess, is the lower age groups, I didn't get many responses.
So that's good.
I'm happy to see that.
But then starting at the 36 to 50-year-old age group, you start to see pretty long bars there.
And especially that 36 to 50-year-old age group concerns me.
Because you usually don't think of people having strokes and heart attacks until they're in their late
50s, early 60s at the earliest.
And this actually dovetails pretty closely with Edward Dowd's data.
He's been looking at this from a totally different angle, death and disability in the insurance industry.
And guess what?
He saw a large increase starting in the third quarter of 2021 in death and disability in the 36 to 50 year old age group.
Right at the same time that Joe Biden was mandating the covid vaccines on everybody.
You know, he not only the military and government civilians, but he also tried to mandate the jabs on any company that had more than 100 employees.
And even though our Supreme Court shot that down.
A lot of companies act preemptively and they made their employees take the jabs anyways or else lose their jobs.
And sure enough, I think it's all about a 40% spike in death and disability starting in the third quarter of 2021 and it continued for like the next year.
Wally, have you seen a lot of 36 to 50 year olds wind up on your involving table?

[SPEAKER_07]
Not particularly, no.

[SPEAKER_09]
That's good.
I'm glad to hear that.
They're mostly elderly people.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yes.
And as I say, there was a reluctance in rural America to subject themselves to that.

[SPEAKER_09]
I know Richard Herschman, you know, Richard's a trade embalmer and he does well over 300 corpses a year.
Richard's still seeing them in all the age groups.
In fact, I think one of the youngest ones he said he saw, it was a young teenage girl and she was riddled with the clots.
So this is an equal opportunity killer.
These things can appear in anybody of any age.
So it's a very sad thing.
Next slide.

[SPEAKER_03]
This is the embalmer's comments.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, not many in this case.
But what's interesting, comment one's kind of interesting.
The person said, we've seen an increase in stillborn deaths.
We were just talking about the infant deaths.
He said, most are around 19 weeks.
And when I first got that comment, I was a little perplexed by it.
When I talked to John O'Looney, John says that he believes that it could be because this is the time that when the placenta has become fully formed,
You know, infants, when they're very, very small, when they're a woman's first pregnant, there doesn't need to be a whole bunch of a blood supply going to the fetus.
But then the placenta starts to take over and do its function starting about the 12th week, but it actually is continuing to grow and it doesn't actually get fully formed until about the 18th to 20th week.
And so John suspects that maybe that's the time that one of two things has happened.
Either the clots have been so bad in the mother that the placenta is not forming properly, or the placenta is formed, but then clots develop in the placenta.
So then it blocks the supply of oxygen and nutrients to the child.
And basically the infant starves to death or drowns to death by not getting enough oxygen.
So it's just a horrible situation.
So.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
And I believe that was the, this is the last slide.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.
And then the, the comment number two was, he said he saw several white fibers clots in 2023 and 2024, but none this year.
So that's a gentleman or lady that would have answered my first question about, if you've seen the class in 2025, they would have answered no, right?
Even though they've seen the class previously, they would answer no to that first question.
And then the last comment was, I don't do very many involveings or burials, so that's why I don't have many young people.
And that's where we were talking a little bit earlier about the fact that a lot of people are starting to do cremations now as opposed to burials.
And not only is Wally seeing that, Richard Hirschman's seeing the same thing as well.
And we speculated about that, I think before the broadcast, a couple of reasons could be because
families are more spread out now than ever before across the United States.
So they don't, you know, have everybody's not buried in the same hometown cemetery.
So there's, you know, you're less likely than to do a burial.
You're more likely to do a cremation.
The other problem with cremations, as you know, is the evidence is getting destroyed, right?
If the body's being cremated.

[SPEAKER_03]
Thomas, you sent me a video, another video today of an actual embalmer pulling one of these white fibrous structures out of a, well, I'm going to play this if you guys want to set it up.
And I believe it was Richard Hirschman who was.

[SPEAKER_09]
It was Richard.
It was Richard Hirschman.
Yes.
An assistant that will remain unnamed.
but uh i think it has audio with it as well and this was done actually a couple years ago and richard was interesting about this livio is richard uh put that up on his twitter account and richard has a pretty pretty good sized twitter account he got has a lot of followers and he put this uh up and i think he got within the first 24 hours he got like 20 million views oh but then after that all of a sudden
It got suppressed and he didn't get any more views after that.
It was just like something happened and all of a sudden, you know, because you would have thought over the next couple of days it would have just continued to grow, but it did not.
It just got, it went to 20 million real quick and then just stopped.

[SPEAKER_03]
It was censored.

[SPEAKER_09]
It was censored.

[SPEAKER_03]
Exactly.
And if you go to it now, it'll say,
Uh, the first thing you see under the, the photo of the video that I'm about to play, it'll say misrepresentation.
This is called a chicken fat or a agonal thrombus.
Thrombus.
It is most mortem due to blood stasis.
It's been observed for decades and is not new pathology.
That's what they tell you before you get to any of the comments.

[SPEAKER_09]
It's a lies, lies, lies.

[SPEAKER_07]
That's not accurate at all.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right.
Well, before I play this video, I just want to tell everyone this is graphic.
So I just want to disclaim that what I'm about to play about a minute long, just being mindful that it is a graphic video.
Here it comes.

[SPEAKER_05]
Oh, no, there it is.

[SPEAKER_02]
This is the regular vein.

[SPEAKER_05]
Should I pull this out?
It broke.
Wow.
That's good.
Alright, hold on.
I'm going to show how stretchy this stuff is.
I've already squeezed it.
This thing is very much like a rubber band.

[SPEAKER_03]
Wow.
Just to see that like that, what you see on a regular basis, Wally, is jarring, shocking, disturbing that these are growing inside so many people.

[SPEAKER_09]
I agree.
You know, you raise a good point, Livio.
The embalmers have been under a lot.
I think they've gotten a lot of psychological damage the last four or five years, especially the ones that feel that they cannot talk about this.
Wally is free to talk about, which is awesome.
And he's got no weight on his conscience because he knows he's doing the right thing.
But there's a lot of embalmers out there and fewer directors that are staying silent about this.
And I think it's really weighing on their minds heavily.
I think they were hoping it was going to go away by now.
And I think that's why I got invited to Tennessee to talk to their embalmers this year at their convention because they realized, hey, this is still persisting.
So we need to have this guy come talk to us about why these things are forming and the surveys that are being done so we can get to the bottom of this.
So the evidence we have now is overwhelming, Olivia.
We've got the visual video there, the cloths being removed.
We've got samples in person, you know, from Wally, from Richard, from John O'Looney, from other embalmers all around the world.
well-respected people in the industry.
Like I said, Woody Wilson, the president of the Ohio Balmers Association, seeing the claws.
Chris Calvi Jr., the president of the Pennsylvania Funeral Directors Association, who's sent me an email last year saying, Tom, I'm having a hard time getting formaldehyde from the elbows down into the hands of almost all my corpses.
We have Mr. Taylor Moore, obviously, the president of the Tennessee Funeral Directors Association, invited me to that convention.
Kevin Swire, the president of the Manitoba Canada Funeral Service Association, saying that he's seen the white fibers clots.
We have obviously the video that you showed earlier of the 18 embalmers at that Tennessee convention raising their hands saying they're seeing the clots.
And of course the surveys were the last worldwide survey, 250 of the 301 embalmers responding said they're seeing the clots.
So it's undeniable at this point.
We have the visual proof.
We have the numbers.
We have the, like I said, we know what's going on with the microscopic level and how the clots are forming.
Thanks to a team led by Greg Harrison, which you had on recently and Dr. Kevin McCarron as well, the neuro sciences in Japan.
So.
I think we've got it all wrapped up into a bow, and I've sent that information to, like I said, our CDC, FDA, and NIH, and now it's on them to act.
Because what we want them to do, Livio, is to get their own samples at the clots from involvement around the world, do their own test at the FDA, CDC, NIH, university labs all over the world with hundreds of millions of dollars at their disposal, and they can either confirm or refute.

[SPEAKER_07]
Exactly.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, how these costs are being formed and what they're made of.
We know what they're made of.
They're made of your natural blood clotting protein, fibrinogen in combination with the spike protein from the vaccine and the phospholipinanoparticles.
It's simple.

[SPEAKER_07]
I don't know if you can see these photos.

[SPEAKER_03]
Let me get you full frame here.

[SPEAKER_07]
That's just a small group of these structures that have been sent to me by other embalmers.
I could show you about four or five more slides of those.

[SPEAKER_09]
And Richard Hirschman says he has on his smartphone over 250 photos of the white fibers class from over 250 different corpses.
So the evidence is overwhelming, Livio.

[SPEAKER_03]
It's astounding.
I have a question before I get to the audience questions.
Are you able to find out when they receive their last jab before they end up in your, in your building, Wally?
Do you, is there like some sort of time, how long these take to form?

[SPEAKER_07]
That's a great question.
And I wish I had the answer.
That's what I'm looking for.
And people say, why do I care?
What if what we as practicing embalmers, what if those that are in the trench, I'm 71 years old, I should be retired.
I still love what I do.
What if what we're finding in our prep rooms could be shared with someone that has the knowledge, the medical background, the access to the right testing equipment, instruments to find the answers?
What if this could save lives?

[SPEAKER_09]
The shame of that, Livio, is I tried to run a cath lab worker survey last year, late last year, with vascular surgeons, endovascular specialists, cardiologists, and I set that survey and I did ask questions in that survey, unlike I do with the embalmers.
I never mentioned the COVID vaccine or COVID in my survey with the embalmers, but I did mention it and ask questions about it in my survey for the doctors because unlike the embalmers, they do have access to the COVID vaccination records of all their patients.
They can tell you when they took their last shots, how many shots they took, which brand they took.
And I sent that survey out to the vascular surgery societies in the United States, Canada, UK, and Australia, New Zealand.
I also sent it to 120 vascular surgeons across the United States.
And guess how many responses I got to that survey?

[SPEAKER_03]
Zero.

[SPEAKER_09]
Zero.
The United States Society for Vascular Surgery is headquartered in Rosemont, Illinois.
They brag on having over 6,300 members.
They refuse to take my survey.
So what I did is I ran a people's blood clot survey.
I had Dr. John Campbell, our friend over in the UK, and also Clayton Morrison, his wife Natalie at Redacted, display a QR code for me to take this people's blood clot survey.
And within two weeks, over 1400 people around the world responded all over the world.
So the patients are happy to tell you about their blood clotting experience, even though the doctors are not.
The people that took the, one of the questions we asked is when, how soon after you took your last vaccine, did you have a blood clot, your blood clotting experience?
And it was all over the place.
Some people within a month, some one to six months, some six to 12 months, some more than a year, you know, some over a couple of years.
So I think that's telling me it could happen at any time.
You know, they can form quickly, I think they can form slowly.
Dr. McMillan over in the UK who runs his own VEGEN health channel, he thinks they're forming acutely.
He can't bring himself to believe that people are walking around right now with these things forming inside them.
He thinks they're happening very quickly before somebody has their stroke or heart attack.
I'm not convinced of that.
I think as long as blood is able to flow around them, people may be walking around with these things in them for months before they actually, it includes completely blocks a vein or artery and then you have your stroke or heart attack.
So I think the verdict is still out on that.

[SPEAKER_03]
He just put out a new video about this that I didn't get a chance to watch about the blood clots.
So he's maybe he's a great ally.

[SPEAKER_09]
He is staying on this and he is trying to keep this front and center.
We really appreciate.
And he's actually displaying a lot of Greg Harrison's work.
One of the latest videos he showed was sent to him by Greg Harrison and his team.

[SPEAKER_03]
We got a super chat question that I just caught my eye.
So I'm going to go ahead and start with audience questions with the question from L170SGAL.
Has anyone tested these rubbery clots for the spike protein?

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, we believe that, like I said, there's portions of the spike in there.
What's interesting is we believe the whole spike itself
is actually getting broken up.
We have what's called a neutrophililastase that actually is breaking up the spike protein, either from the virus or from the vaccine, the one produced by the vaccine.
And what's happening is segments of the spike protein are very, what's called amylogenic.
They actually promote the misfolding of proteins and the misfolding of our fibridinogen.
So that's what's going on.
So if the naysayers start claiming, well, you can't find the whole spike protein in these white fibrous clots, you don't have to.
All you have to do is find the pieces, parts of them of the spike protein that are amylogenic.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
It seems like what I've read in the past is that a lot of the embalmers that aren't speaking up, they're just throwing these away.
So all this evidence is just getting tossed aside and there's no way to like then line them up with their vaccine records or to test them and see what's in all of them.

[SPEAKER_09]
In fact, I asked before he went dark on me, Dr. Mohan Abashirat, my endovascular specialist and cardiologist from Jacksonville,
I asked him that specific question, what's happening with the clots?
He says, are they, you know, are they being sent to pathology?
And he said, no, they're just being thrown away.
So again, the evidence is being destroyed, Livio.
It's really sad.

[SPEAKER_03]
Unbelievable.
Yeah.
Question from Marie F 65.
Have those surgeons who do robotic surgery report seeing these white fibrous clots?

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.
Like I said, the sheriff has told me he's finding him in his cath lab, right?
And then Dr. McMillan found a cath lab whistleblower and did a actually 52 minute sub-stack interview with him.
And this gentleman's also a doctor in the United States.
And you can hear his real voice, but you can't see him on their,
interview.
All you see is a silhouette of him.
But he, during that interview with Dr. McMillan, he admitted that he is, by the way, worked in the same cath lab for 20 years.
And he's removing anywhere between three to 10 of these white fibers clots per week out of people in his one cath lab alone.
And that, like I said, he has COVID vaccination records, you know, he has access to them.
And whenever he finds the white fibrous clot, that person's 99% of the time that person's been jabbed with anywhere between one to eight jabs.
And the more jabs they've taken, the worse the clotting seems to be.
And he's actually shows a bunch of photos of white fibrous clots that he's removed out of living people in that top stack interview.
So I encourage people to go watch that on Dr. Philip Mellon's Vigen Health channel, V-E-J-O-N.
It's a, like I said, a 52 minute sub-stack interview with his cath lab whistleblower.

[SPEAKER_03]
That is definitely worth checking out.

[SPEAKER_07]
Can I just interject that these aren't the only things that concern me.
Sure.
Concerned because I began seeing rapid onset cancers.
People are out there living their life and all of a sudden they don't feel well.
They go to the doctor.
They're in stage four prostate cancer, liver cancer.
They're dead in four weeks, six weeks.
I don't remember that in over 30 years of doing this.
I know so many people that are chronically ill.
The doctors can't find out what's wrong.

[SPEAKER_09]
Dr. Hirschman seemed the same thing.
He said, he sees a lot of cancer patients, but they still have all their hair on their head.
They haven't even been to their first chemo or, or, or, um,
treatment, you know, uh, chemotherapy treatment.
So they're, they're, they're getting their diagnosis or going stage four right away and they're dying quickly.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
I have personal experience, a very close friend, his wife, stage four from a routine physical.
She lasted a year and a half and another friend, I have two that, you know, another one that lasted just over a year.
It's, it's rampant.

[SPEAKER_09]
Dr. Peter McCulloch, he's worried because he says, we're not out of the woods yet.
These shots started about five years ago, but typically you have to wait about 10 to 15 years to find out whether you're really out of the woods.
I don't want to scare people.
They've taken the shots because we think there was a lot of bad batch variation.
So hopefully a lot of people got duds.
That's a good thing if you got a dud with no mRNA active ingredient in it.
Some people even suspect there's placebo's out there.
I don't know about that.
But people need to continue to monitor themselves for the next maybe five to 10 years until we get to that 15-year mark to make sure that you are completely out of the woods in terms of long-term side effects.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, and if you have a problem with your, primarily your left leg, if it feels numb, if you have a pain from the groin down, don't wait.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, go get that checked out.

[SPEAKER_07]
ER, please get it checked out.

[SPEAKER_03]
This is an interesting question that sort of follows up to this from Carol Briz, and I believe it's a shedding question.
I did not take the COVID jab, but I am a healthcare worker.
Am I at risk of getting these from my patients?
And I would have presumed be a shedding.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, I don't know of any cases yet where we've seen the white fibers clots from just shedding.
Now, we have seen a case that was due to a person that did not take the vaccine, but did get a blood transfusion.
So we think that that's how they got their spike protein was from contaminated blood from whoever donated the blood.
I know from talking to Dr. Pierre Corey and his medical partner, Scott Marsland,
that and also from Jordan Vaughn, that the people that have not taken the jabs, if they do get shed on and they all say that shedding is a real thing, but typically the symptoms, typically the symptoms are milder and people that have been shed on than the people that have taken the jabs directly.
And that would make some sense, right?
Because they're getting probably less of the spike protein via being shed on than the people that have gotten around their bloodstream, the mRNA constantly producing spike.

[SPEAKER_03]
That's my hope since I'm around vaccinated people and did not get it.

[SPEAKER_09]
We all are.
Yeah, we all are, right?
Let's say one thing.
There was a young woman that recently did a podcast in Australia and she interviewed a lady from New York and that person sent in
her blood samples to Dr. Kevin McCarron, who can check for micro clotting.
And she sent in her own sample.
She had not taken the jab, but she was running for political office and she was out getting a lot of signatures one day.
And when she came home, she noticed she felt really, really bad.
So, and she had learned about this.
So she sent off a sample of her own blood.
And she also sent off a sample of her son's blood.
And I think her son is in his early twenties to,
And he had not taken the jabs.
And as far as she knew, he had not had a case of COVID yet.
But McCarron found microclotting on a scale of 1 to 10.
He found it in her in what he would consider level five.
And I think he found it in the sun.
It was like, you know, like a one or two, a low level, but still found some micro.
So that's kind of scary to think about that.
So, you know, it may be that we're all in this together.
Even if you're unjabbed, you may be at risk eventually for, you know, but the smaller the amount of spike protein you have in you, obviously the better off you're going to be.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, that's probably.
less crazy if you're not directly injected, but always at risk here.
I have a question from many people, so it says, can you describe, now you've gone over the chicken fat clots, can you describe the difference between the chicken fat clots and the white fibrous clots?

[SPEAKER_07]
Well, you take that.
You know, primarily in size.
The chicken fat clots are more
They're not as gristle-like if I can use that word.
The chicken fat clots are just what you would expect to see in a chicken under a wing.

[SPEAKER_09]
I think far from lipid, boiling from cholesterol, that when the blood settles in the corpse after death, is that when the chicken clots you believe are forming?

[SPEAKER_07]
Yes, yes, yes, that's accurate, but these white fibrous clots or the structures are much bigger, much bigger and much more.
They're tougher too.
They're much more, yeah, they're tougher, more gristle-like and they have more of a structural integrity to them than the chicken fat clots do have.

[SPEAKER_03]
This is an interesting question from Lee43222.
Have any embalmers died between 2021 and 2025?
No of.
And were these clots found in them?
Are you worried about shedding from handling these?

[SPEAKER_09]
It's funny you mentioned that.
I was going to say from the responses I've gotten to my three embalmer surveys,
Just about every one of my surveys, I'll run into one or two of the embalmers that are very concerned about getting the cloths themselves because they're in close contact with the corpses and they're handling the white fibers cloths and the microclotted blood and that kind of thing, you know, they're wearing latex gloves, a lot of them wear face shields as well.
So, and I've actually sent emails to them to the
30 United States state funeral director associations asking them to forward out to all their embalmers when McCarran started finding out that there's a possibility that these white fibers, plots and the blood surrounding them, the microclotted blood could be infectious or contagious with these what we call prions or prions then
Um, I sent an email to those organizations and also to the 1700 fewer homes around the world directly warning them to, you know, please be careful when you're handling the clots and the microclotted blood that's coming off the corpse and make sure you also clean your instruments because.
Pre-ons could be very infectious.
In fact, if you get blood on your forceps and then clean your forceps and then touch it with your bare hands, you could get it.
So I sent the warning out.
So we'll see who's paying attention to it.
But somebody, by the way, Olivia, they did respond.
One of them actually said he's had clots in his arm that he had to remove.
And then others say, I'm so afraid of this.
I've told my whole family, don't take the jabs, that kind of thing.
It's scary for them, you know?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
Yeah, I would imagine if you're finding these, you got to think, well, it couldn't jump on, you know, could I be shed on from all that?
That's, that's scary.
A question from Buskman.
How do we check for these clots?
Tests, x-rays, what if they are present?
What do we do?

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, there's very, you know, first of all, a person can look for symptoms, right?
If you have shortness of breath, tightness in your chest, unusual fatigue, as we've talked about earlier, brain fog, poor vision problems, for example.
Those could be indications you're not getting good oxygen exchange around your body and that you might have, you know, vascular damage going on.
There's some certain tests that people can take.
They can take what's called a D dimer test.
test for clotting levels in the blood.
They can also take what's called a VEGF test, which tests for endothelial damage.
That's the thin lining of your arteries and veins.
There's also another one called a CD40 ligand test, which can be checks for platelet level activation, because some of these people that are platelet levels are way off either.
There might be platelets or too few platelets.
So Dr. Peter McCullough, I know when his patients come into his office now, I think he has every single one of them take a spike protein antibody level test to check for the indirectly check for the level of spike protein in that person's blood.
And then he can start to, and that's a good measuring stick, right?
Cause then he can apply this protocol, the natoconase bromelain curcumin, and he advises most of his patients take it for a full year.
And he has shown, he's seen great improvement in his patients, reducing their spike protein levels over that year by taking those three natural supplements, which is great because they're not required to get a doctor's prescription to get those.
Those are available on Amazon.
You can go to his wellness company.
I think his product is called what ultimate spike detox.
You can get that and take that.

[SPEAKER_03]
There are things you can do and you can do that prophylactically, like just start taking these supplements.

[SPEAKER_09]
Radiologists, when they look at the
angiograms or CT scans or MRIs.
Sometimes they have a difficult time telling whether the clot that's in a person is a white fibers clot or just a regular grape jelly clot like what he was talking about.
A lot of times they won't know until they actually extract that clot to determine what kind of clot it was.
And they'll have to use dye sometimes to help assist them in seeing on the angiogram.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right.

[SPEAKER_09]
The clot.
And part of the problem with that is, Livio, is the clots, these white fibers clots, they tend to take on, as Wally knows, the structure of that part of the vascular system.
So when you pull the clot out, sometimes you'll see them, the main trunk of the clot, then you'll see a few tributaries running off of it.
It's like a perfect cast of that part of the vascular system.
So under an angiogram, it's difficult to see because it looks like it's part of the blood vessel itself.
Right.

[SPEAKER_07]
I've had people say that it's just part of the arterial system, that it's a torn artery.
If an artery tears and you're alive, you're going to leak.
I mean, you've got a problem.
You're going to die.

[SPEAKER_09]
Also, if it was just a part of the arterial system or vein, then it'd be hollow.
It'd be a hole, a tube running through.
These things are solid all the way through.
These white spots are completely solid.

[SPEAKER_03]
Exactly.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
So before I let you go, there's a video that was circulating around today, a nurse, a house Lindsey, I think it's her name.
And I'm going to play this.
It was on the fence where I was going to play this, but it's so she's been struggling with her vaccine injury.
And I think it fits into what we've been talking about tonight.
Let me call this up and I'm going to play this.

[SPEAKER_01]
Sure.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right now.

[SPEAKER_01]
Hey guys, I haven't done a video in a while and.
I'm sure you guys have seen my blood and I'm still trying to process and wrap my brain around what I saw through the microscope whenever we were looking at my blood.
It's not good.
We need help.
There are so many of us that are injured.
We are dying.
If you guys want your research,
You have to come get us.
You have to seek us out.
Tell us you want to research us.
If not, we're not going to be alive much longer.
I have a nurse and you guys know her.
Her name is Daniel Baker.
She's the coerced nurse and she had transverse myelitis and now she is in diastolic congestive heart failure.
oxygen dependent and everything.
Her body is shutting down.
I'm begging you guys.
Please help us.
Please.
Help the children pull these shots off the shelves.
They're killing people.
They're injuring them.
There's no compensation.
We have no acknowledgement.
We have no research.
Please guys, do
the right thing.
Please.
I love you all.

[SPEAKER_09]
Oh, man.
It just tears my heart out.
You know, I got email today from Cody's mom, you know, Cody, I think, Heather, Livio.
And you know, Cody's had the white fibers clots in all four of his extremities.
He's got
problems with his brain, he's got clots all over.
I mean, why isn't the CDC, the NIH, the FDA, Mayo Clinic, Cleveland Clinic, why aren't they working with Cody and his mom and the young lady you just shouldn't?
Why aren't they, you know, they're just totally abandoning these people.
It is horrific.
There's no money in it.

[SPEAKER_03]
Exactly.
And then they'd have to admit all of the harm that's caused.
But it's,
People like that, that you both do what you do, what we do, what we do, because there's people that are alive that are struggling every day, and they're being ignored, they're abandoned, they can't work, they've lost everything, and they're still struggling.
And this is, this is why, this is why I'm here still doing this.

[SPEAKER_09]
God bless you for doing, you know, one of the frustrations I've had.
I understand why ABC, CBS, NBC, CNN, even Fox won't have me on their shows.
You know, they're all sponsored by big pharma.
These, you know, news.
We've had trouble though getting even people on our, some of our superstars on the right, like Tucker Carlson,
Megan Kelly, Len Beck, they don't want to talk about this topic of the clot.
This is the most spectacular side effect of the COVID-19 vaccines.
I actually traveled to Hershey, Pennsylvania last September, spent $1,600 my own money to get a 30-second meet and greet with Tucker Carlson, gave him a vial of the clots from Richard Hirschman, also gave his producer Samantha a vial of the clots.
Tucker's got two vials of the clots,
Why else he had me on the show to talk good on him for he had Mary Talley Bowden recently.
That was good.
You know, he's had Dr. Pierre Corey, I think, and McCall along in the past, but for some reason they're avoiding the most spectacular side effect of all of the COVID-19 vaccines.
I think the one that could push it over the top with American citizens, because when you see the side effect, it really makes you want to repulse against the vaccines.
I don't get it.
And, you know, Megan Kelly, for example, her producer, a booker out, I think it's, what's her name?
Allison Jordan?
Yeah, Allison Jordan sent me an email a couple of weeks ago saying, well, I'll read it to you and say, hi, Thomas.
Thanks for your message and apologies for the delay.
We're aren't going to be able to schedule at this time, but really appreciate the opportunity.
Now, remember,
Makin' Kelly's been injured by the Japs herself.
She has an autoimmune disease.
Why wouldn't she want to have me on to talk about this most spectacular side effect when we have, like I said, all this evidence with embalmers with raised hands, physical samples.
It makes no sense whatsoever.
And Glenn Beck, for example, I was on one of his minor shows last December with Jill Savage and Matt Peterson.
They do a small show called Blaze News Tonight.
And I was on that show for about a five to 10 minute segment, but then Glenn, who has a nationwide show from 9 a.m. to noon,
won't talk to me about it, would not bring me on to do this.
What's going on here?
I'm worried that these people have, they have connections with an access to Donald Trump, right?
You know, they get to interview Donald Trump once in a while.
Tucker does, Megan does, so does Glenn.
Well, I think they're worried about maintaining access.
They're worried that maybe if they bring out this topic of the white fibers cloth and the link to the vaccines, maybe they'll lose their access to Trump.
Cause we know he's still a big fan of operational warp speed.
Just speculation on my part.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, they answer to other people for different reasons and it's unfortunate that the big ones aren't covering the story, but you're doing the dirty work and we're here to keep supporting you and keep trying to get this story out there.

[SPEAKER_09]
And we love you for Olivia.
You guys, you really have done so much at the VSRF and the things you've run.
Yeah, I went a couple of years ago to the, uh, defeat the mandates rally you had in Washington DC when Steve was there and I was there that cold day in January.
And so it was, you know,
You're really stuck up and you've really featured the vaccine injured so much on your show.
I appreciate that because they're the ones we're really fighting for.
The vaccine injured and the ones that are dead already and their families that have been broken.
They're still grieving over the loss of their loved ones.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right.
And they're still pushing the narrative, the jabs, all the new ones.

[SPEAKER_07]
medical malfeasance that they're not looking into what's wrong with these people that are still alive, but just chronically ill.
It's terrible.

[SPEAKER_03]
Absolutely.
Well, gentlemen, thank you for spending your evening with us.
It's been incredibly enlightening, heartbreaking, yet hopeful somehow that there's more embalmers raising their hands, speaking up, and hopefully that can grow exponentially
if they continue to find this because how could you not at this point?
How could you not speak up if you keep pulling these things out?
Like, shame on them for not speaking up at this point with so many coming out.
So I would encourage them to keep to call Wally, call Richard Hirshman.

[SPEAKER_09]
That's right.

[SPEAKER_03]
And join the conversation and

[SPEAKER_09]
And the doctors too, like I said, the vascular surgeons, cardiologists, endovascular specialists, and their cath labs.
It's time to come forward and let us know that you're seeing this in the living because we know what's happening.
So I just want to plug our substack.
My wonderful assistant, Ms. Laura Kasner, runs a free substack.
So we don't charge any money for it.
Laura, L-A-U-R-A.
Cazner, K-A-S-N-E-R dot substack dot com.
And you can see the work that we've done in the last three years with these surveys.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yes.
And you can see that on the screen under Thomas's name and Janet will put that in the chat.
And Wally, how can people find you and your work?

[SPEAKER_07]
They could email me at undertaker.
915 at hotmail.com.
I keep that one separate from my business account because it's easier to monitor.
Undertaker, 915 at hotmail.com.
I'd like to share something I remembered getting about two and a half years ago.
A funeral director is married to a nurse practitioner who works in a cath lab in a Southwest state.
She sent me a group of photos
of one of these white fibrous structures being recovered from ephemeral artery.
And it was the first one I saw out of a living person.

[SPEAKER_09]
And I thought- When was that?

[SPEAKER_07]
A couple years ago?
About two and a half years ago.

[SPEAKER_09]
Wow.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_07]
And she said her husband would be fired if he would have been caught.
But she shared it with me and she goes, I believe in what you guys are saying.
I want to show you
one that came out of a living person in the cath lab.

[SPEAKER_09]
And I got a photo from Dr. Becharet too before he went dark on me.
It was a deep nephrombosis.
White fibers clot about three to four inches long.
He also sent me one out of the iliac artery and also a pulmonary embolism.
All three of them had white fibers material in them.
And then he went dark on me.

[SPEAKER_03]
Incredible.
Well, gentlemen, thank you so much and we'll stay in touch.
And when some new updates that are that we need to get out to the public, let us know and we'll bring you back on.

[SPEAKER_09]
Thanks, Livio.

[SPEAKER_03]
You're finding a good fight.
You too.
Thank you so much.
Everyone else, stay with us a little bit longer.
I have a closing video to share from Peter Hotez and the Legacy Media over at courtesy of CBS Morning Show.
As we wrap up tonight, I want to sincerely thank you for being part of VSRF Live.
Our mission is to bring important stories, studies, and voices to light, like the ones you heard tonight, stories that often get ignored or silenced everywhere.
But none of this would be possible without your support.
I'm gonna flash our where to donate screen up to keep VSRF Live going and continue delivering these vital conversations.
We rely entirely on donations from viewers like you.
If you value what we do,
and want to see it continue, please consider making a contribution.
Every donation helps us stay independent and focused on the truth.
Visit faxsafety.org backslash donate or text VSRF 253-555.
And also another way to help is actually join the raffle, 10 bucks, get you a raffle ticket for the SunPower LED Super Palm 1050.
a $1,900 value, go to givebutter.com backslash sunpowerled to get your raffle ticket by as many as you can to increase your chances.
Raffle will end at midnight September 3rd, and we will announce the winner on our show live on September 4th.
And then next week, we will have
uh... doctor are good friends alex mire and doctor james line uh... doctor james lines wilder to begin to a story
The mainstream media won't tell how measles was used to manipulate RFK Junior.
We'll unpack the West Texas measles outbreaks earlier this year, a case that was used to promote fear and push the vaccine agenda.
And we'll show the timeline along RFK Junior's own observations.
So don't miss next week on VSRF Live, on Rumble NX, same time, same place.
And then to wrap up tonight, we've got two quick videos.
The first features Dr. Hotez discussing severe vaccine side effects and the risks associated with older vaccine technologies.
He actually sounds a little bit like an anti-vaxxer.
The second shows a CBS anchor urging parents to go against CDC recommendations and spreading misinformation by claiming children are highly susceptible
to severe COVID claims not supported by the data and CBS is even highlighting mercury and aluminum in vaccines as beneficial and telling viewers to stick the course with all childhood vaccines directly contradicting HHS guidance.
Since when do CBS anchors give medical advice?
The media's actions are deeply concerning.
And so I'll share those two clips.
And thank you all for joining us this evening on this important topic and episode.
And I hope you will join us again next week.
Have a great rest of your evening and weekend.
And we'll see you next week.
Good night.

[SPEAKER_08]
Good night, everyone.
And instead, he's pushing this idea of whole inactivated virus vaccines, which is a much older technology.
And the reason you went to mRNA or you go to subunit vaccines like what we did with our recombinant protein COVID vaccines is because of the weakness of the whole inactivated virus technology.
First of all, you can't rely on it because it depends.
To inactivate the virus, you have to grow a lot of the virus.
either in eggs or in cell lines.
And with a new virus and a new pathogen and an emerging pandemic threat, you don't know if the virus is going to grow well in the lab or not.
There's no way to predict.
So that's problem number one.
So sometimes even if you want to make a whole inactivated virus vaccine, you may not have enough virus to inactivate.
So that's a problem.
And we're sometimes facing that now with the yellow fever vaccine.
So that's problem number one.
Problem number two is it produces a lot of side effects.
If you remember in 1976, there was a big push to make a whole inactivated virus vaccine against swine flu, and it caused high rates of Guillain-Barre syndrome.
And that's because the whole inactivated virus technology probably has more side effects than just about any other vaccine technology.
So why he would pick that is just absolutely makes no sense.
I think what he was thinking maybe is since this whole wellness and influencer
push coming out of the MAHA movement, make America healthy again, both about natural immunity and this kind of stuff.
And so he thinks maybe it'll more closely resemble natural immunity.
It doesn't.
It causes severe side effects.
So pretty much everything, every statement coming out of HHS about mRNA vaccines is incorrect.
And it puts the American people under great threat.

[SPEAKER_02]
Great show, guys.
Thank you.
