[SPEAKER_07]
so so you think you can tell heaven from hell a world full of pain a ceasefire pray for
Red flames for the angels The truth from a tale Do you think he can tell?
Did they get you to train?
Your body's for ghosts
A court system weaponized and fear stories televised.
Retweet posted me ties.
Did you exchange your freedom rights and your choice for a lead

[SPEAKER_06]
lost souls swimming

[SPEAKER_04]
Tonight on BSRF Live, we dive deep into the major legal victories that are reshaping the landscape of COVID-19 policies and vaccine accountability across Australia, Canada, and the USA.

[SPEAKER_09]
At the heart of medical freedom is the ethical principle of informed consent, a pillar of modern medical ethics.
It is universally acknowledged that every individual has the right to evaluate the risks and benefits prior to any medical intervention and to make a voluntary decision, which means free of coercion.

[SPEAKER_00]
In the drug model, you make it so expensive to go through the new drug approval process that only novel chemicals go through.
So if you were to have a heart attack or be diagnosed with cancer and you go to the mainstream medical system,
The only legal treatments and the only treatments offered to you will be novel chemicals and that's by design.

[SPEAKER_03]
Deaths and injuries that could not be revealed by your local general practitioner or your cardiologist or your surgeon because we were prohibited by the medical regulator from speaking the truth.
This is outrageous and I'm so happy that the Supreme Court of Queensland has ruled that I had the legal right from day one to speak out against the vaccines.
I did the right thing.
I never broke the code of conduct.
And now freedom of speech and informed consent has been vindicated.

[SPEAKER_04]
Hello and welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm your host, Livio Sanchez, and I'm thrilled to be here with you this evening.
We have a big show for you tonight filled with important updates and some good news.
Across the world, legal battles are being fought and many are winning against the COVID mandates and policies that have harmed so many.
Tonight, we'll be highlighting some of those victories and the incredible individuals behind them.
Joining us are some of the top legal minds and advocates who have been fighting tirelessly for medical freedom and justice.
Dr. William Bay, who recently won a landmark Supreme Court case against AHPRA, overturning his suspension for speaking out against COVID-19 mandates and defending informed consent.
Leslie Mnuchin, who is the president and founder of the Health Freedom Defense Fund.
Attorney Warner Mendenhall, who is the co-founder of Freedom Council.
Catherine Hooig, who is co-founder and CEO of Freedom Council.
And Attorney Sean Buckley, who is the founder of the National Citizens Inquiry in Canada.
We also have a very special guest tonight, Matt from Australia, who will be sharing the heartbreaking yet inspiring story of his vaccine injured son, Reece.
Reece's journey is a powerful testament to both resilience and the urgent need for truth and accountability.
But before we dive in, I'd like to welcome founder of VSRF, the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation, Steve Kirsch.
Steve, welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you doing this evening, sir?

[SPEAKER_11]
I'm good, I have a little bit of a back strain though.

[SPEAKER_04]
I heard you were out shoveling snow.
Shoveling snow, yep.
Yeah, that can be dangerous actually.

[SPEAKER_11]
It can be if you, uh, yeah, you can overdo it.
Definitely not a tie as I learned.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, I actually hurt my shoulder shoveling.
We've had a really bitter cold winter up here in new England this winter so far.
It's been probably the worst one I've experienced in what 15 years of living in the Northeast.
So yeah, it's unusually really, really, really long and cold this year.
uh... i want to find out how your debate is going and i'm sure the people want to know where we at this week

[SPEAKER_11]
Well, I just finished an offline discussion, meaning the judges aren't part of it, and we're trying to sort through the evidence.
And so I showed my opponent some of the evidence, and he said, well, you can interpret it this way, and this is the way I interpret it.
And I said, yeah, but there's evidence that shows that the other interpretation is the correct one.
We're not exactly seeing eye to eye, and we're continuing.
I mean, it really boils down to, did the vaccines reduce the case fatality rate?
And his claim is that it didn't reduce the case fatality rate of the current variant, but it reduced the case fatality rate of the subsequent variants.
And it's like, well, how can you prove that?
And the frustrating thing is that you just don't have the record level data from enough places to be able to figure out what the heck is going on here.
Because the people who are unvaccinated just have higher mortality.
than people who are vaccinated.
And that has nothing to do with the vaccine.
It has just to do with the people who choose to get vaccinated.
And so, for example, in the Czech Republic, we have the record-level data for it.
But what happened is that everybody got alpha.
Then when there are no cases at all,
then they rolled out the vaccine.
And then, look, the cases went down.
Now, you now have unvaccinated or vaccinated at that point.
And so you can't figure out whether it was the rollout actually differentially benefited the vaccinated or it was just a selection bias.
So it's an interesting problem to be able to prove
this when you don't have all the data.
And the data sort of aligns to make the obfuscation very easy.
Because we vaccinated people after all the alpha cases were gone.
And so you can't tell whether it really impacted alpha because the cases were gone at that point.
And then in the Czech Republic, they vaccinated during a no COVID period.
So you can't tell what's going on there either.
And so it ends up being a challenge.
And then we have the CDC surveillance data, 106 million records.
So that's pretty interesting, actually, because it looks at people who got infected and who then died, which is great case retaliation rate, but it doesn't have their vaccination status.
That's an important piece of information.
It's like, you know, you can't get the data that you need to prove your point.

[SPEAKER_04]
I'll leave it at that.
Are these both judges feeling this way or one of the judges?

[SPEAKER_11]
I'm not sure that they appreciate the magnitude of the problem.

[SPEAKER_04]
Neither one of them.
Yeah.
And what round are you in?
We're in, we just finished round three, we're on round four.
And there's four, five and six to go.
four or five and six.
So you have some time to, um, to make this case.
So you're only just over the halfway mark.

[SPEAKER_11]
I do.
And you know, the, it's, uh, it's, it's, it's interesting.
I think that, you know, you can tell a story where all the data is consistent with your story and he can tell a story where all the data is consistent with his story or at least he thinks it is.
And so it's a, it's, it's quite interesting.
I, uh,
I'm pretty impressed that it was more complicated than I thought.

[SPEAKER_04]
Maybe we can get some new data for you before the debate ends.
So let's shift gears.
I want to bring on Nurse Angela.
Nurse Angela, welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you today?

[SPEAKER_10]
I'm great, Livio.
How are you doing?

[SPEAKER_04]
I'm doing very well here and I'm glad to have you back on VSRF Live.
I just want to read your bio and for those that don't know nurse Angela, she's a registered nurse with 25 years of experience specializing in women's health, pediatrics and emergency medicine, a passionate patient advocate.
Angela became deeply involved in vaccine safety research after suffering a life-threatening cardiac reaction to the COVID-19 jab.
which was mandated for health care workers at that time.
She now dedicates her efforts to raising awareness about vaccine injuries, supporting affected individuals,
and advocating for greater transparency and public health policies.
And Angela, you've been taking care and treating so many vaccine injured.
And tonight you've been, we have a very special guest whom you've been working with.
We have the father of Reese and his name is Matt.
Can you give us a little bit of insight before we bring Matt on?

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.
So Matt is definitely very special to me and his entire family.
and to our whole team here at VSRF.
We've been communicating from Australia for quite a while now, and his son's story just really broke my heart.
And his father, Matt, who you will get to meet, has been so wonderful just sharing the ups, the downs, the tears, the happiness.
I tried to help him with an autopsy of his explanted heart of his son,
um, to preserve it and just some little advice along the way.
And, you know, we just have really been rooting for, for Reese and he is, what happened to Reese is one of the reasons why our team gets up and battles this every single day.
It's why, it's why the SRF is here.
And so they're very, very special to me.
And, um, I'm so grateful, so blessed to, to have him on to share the story.
This will be the first time I think that Matt has come on, um,
To tell the story, and we won't have race here with us tonight and I think that that is.
You know, good, because it is so traumatic.
I know going through my vaccine.
It's really, really hard when you're still kind of in the thick of it.
And so we'll show some videos of him and hear it through the eyes of Matt, who was by his side from the very beginning.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
Before we bring on Matt, I'm going to play a little montage that we put together to set up Reese's story.
Here it comes.

[UNKNOWN]
you

[SPEAKER_04]
I'd like to welcome Reese's father, Matt, to VSRF live.
Thank you for joining us.
How are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_01]
It's a pleasure, Olivier.
Thank you for having me here to tell the story.

[SPEAKER_04]
I'm going to read a little bit about you before I let you and Angela give us a little more detail about what happened.
Matt is a highly experienced radiographer with 30 years in private practice and holds a physical education teaching degree.
His son, Reese, a 25-year-old athlete, was a high-level player in tennis, golf, rugby, and touched football before suffering a sudden cardiac arrest while playing with colleagues.
Reese received a life-saving heart transplant and is now on a disability pension.
Prior to his cardiac arrest, Reese worked as a property analyst in commercial real estate.
And Matt joins us live to share Reese's remarkable story of survival, his recovery, and the impact on their family.
And Angela, why don't you take over the conversation and Steve and I will join in in a little while.

[SPEAKER_10]
That was great.
I just got a message if I'm promoting Pfizer.
Actually, I just want to clear the record.
Although this is Pfizer on my shirt, it says profits before patients.
So I don't want anybody thinking that I'm promoting Pfizer.
Matt, it's so wonderful to see you.
I wish that I could just jump through this computer and hug you because we've been through, well, your whole family has been through a lot, but you and I have been through a lot together through this process.
And I thank you for
sharing with me, because it's, like I said, it's one of the reasons why we are here, the main reason why we fight.
And, you know, thank you for being brave and all that you have done.
Let's go back to, you know, before Reese got the vaccines, he was completely healthy.
He got two doses of the Pfizer vaccine.
And after he got both of those doses,
He had exertional fatigue.
He had excessive sweating.
You know, he didn't feel quite right.
But what was the first indication that he had any cardiac issues?

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, actually, those initial symptoms, if you can imagine a young, healthy man, his parents would say, oh, he's fine.
He didn't present with those symptoms that really alerted us to any issue at that point.
That was in September, October 2021 when he had his two doses.
We really didn't have much of an indication that he was unwell until we received the phone call to say that he had collapsed whilst playing touch football.
And he was and they couldn't revive him on the field.
So that was the first indication.
And that was in March 2022.

[SPEAKER_10]
And at that time, you know, we were noticing all of these other kids that, you know, even in my own neighborhood, I have a kid that lived down the street that was 15, went into cardiac arrest.
There was Ernest Jr. who was playing basketball, went into cardiac arrest.
We started seeing throughout the country, throughout the world, that these young, healthy athletes were going into cardiac arrest while playing physical sports.
Meanwhile, the three-letter agencies and our president and leaders
We're telling people that.
the vaccines were safe and effective, but there was this little hint of this myocarditis in the background and that it was mild and that, you know, people would just need to rest and it would get better.

[SPEAKER_01]
But when you see- I think it was self-limiting, self-limiting.

[SPEAKER_10]
Self-limiting, yeah, not such a big deal, you know, not such a big deal.
But anytime you inflame a heart, it's always a big deal.
It doesn't take, you know, it doesn't take a scientist to tell us that when you take a heart and you enlarge it,
with inflammation, you develop scar tissue and those scar tissues can lead to arrhythmias that put you into cardiac arrest.
So back in March of 2022, Reese arrested while playing flag football.
And I remember you telling me he had to be defibrillated 10 times on the field.
Who was doing the CPR on him?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, we were so fortunate, Ange, that on the opposing team, there was a new player, a lot of things have aligned, who was a male nurse specialising in basic life sports.
So he performed an initial, very effective CPR.
the referee at the game, which also avoided any, Reese avoided any hypoxic brain injury.
He also gave a expired air resuscitation EAR.
So he had very, very good initial basic life support.
They called the ambulance straight, mind you, they had just put a defibrillator at the ground as well.
So they did administer eight shocks, I believe, initially.
ambulance was called and the ambulance got there within 10 minutes.
But he, yeah, so he was, by the time they got him to the emergency department, he was down for about 60 minutes.
So there must have been some sign of life there, but due to that really effective initial CPR.
So that was the first thing that was just extraordinary.
They were managed, my understanding statistics for out of hospital cardiac arrest, survival rates about six to 10%, six to 8%.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, it's really, if you don't have that good effective CPR, he got very, very lucky.
And that's the problem with a lot of these other people that, these young people that collapsed and didn't make it is they just, you know, if you're down for long enough, your brain can't handle that level of hypoxia.
So he got really lucky.
And then you and your wife were called, you went to the hospital and what happened after that?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yes, we did.
It took us quite a while.
We were actually out walking the dog.
It took us quite a while to get in there.
We believe we actually saw the ambulance arrive just before us.
We went into the emergency department.
They told us they still hadn't started his hunt.
And so we sat there and we said we think we'd lost him.
At this point, we absolutely had no idea how this could have happened.
Perfectly fit and healthy.
had played sport his whole life.
So my initial science mind, I was thinking, surely if there was some congenital abnormality there, this would have presented a lot earlier when he was playing high level sport.
So we just thought we'd lost him.
They came back in about five minutes time and said they've managed to start his heart.
And then we went in to be with him.
They did not identify that his heart was significantly dilated.
He had valvular disease as far as the valves weren't closing properly due to the dilated state of his heart.
That was a massive shock to us.
We didn't know how this could happen.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.
Steven, I have talked about this many times, but in the 17 years that I was the charge nurse at UCSF for pediatrics,
I had never seen healthy people just dropping dead.
And I would know about all cases because if you lose a child or a young one, we would all talk about it.
It's very unusual.
And I had a kid that went into cardiac arrest because a baseball hit his chest.
I had cardiac arrest due to drownings, that sort of thing.
But in those 17 years, I had never seen just
healthy athletes just dropping dead.
And so you're absolutely correct.
It's like typically you would you would pick up these cardiac anomalies much earlier on in life, you know, they they present themselves and
You know, as, as newborn babies, we do a lot of screening on their hearts and even an ultrasound in utero, we can pick up things in utero by ultrasound that we look at at about 20 weeks.
So this was very unusual and I never seen anything like it until the vaccines rolled out.
And also.
The other thing about race, I mean, I know the answers to a lot of these questions because Matt and I know each other, but.
for the audience, when Reese went into the ER, they tested him for COVID and it was negative.

[SPEAKER_01]
That's right.
That was the first thing they were told that he had presented.
And at that time, obviously, there was quite a bit of noise, I suppose, about the risk of heart damage from the virus itself.
But we didn't think that was the case.
He had no
respiratory symptoms, didn't show any symptoms that he had any sign of a COVID infection.
And the pathology showed that that was the case.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.
And then, you know, fast forward from there, I remember one of my really early conversations with you, because when he, you know, those times were just so scary.
He was worried that even when he did come out, they put him in a medically induced coma.
And when he came out of it, there was concerns that he
you know, might have brain damage, and fortunately he didn't due to the effective CPR.
But I remember talking to you and texting you, and it was when they told you that he would need, in order to survive, in order to live, he would need a heart transplant.
And I remember we talked about, you know, it's probably not best to talk about the vaccines, because I, at that time, you know, we weren't allowed, doctors weren't allowed to talk about
You know, vaccine injuries and and I remember telling you, I said, you know, let's like, just focus on on getting him better focus on getting him a transplant.
Let's not rock the boat.
We didn't even want to tell the story back then, because we just wanted him to get that heart transplant and we didn't want to even rock the boat about what could be the etiology of this.
Um, did any nurses or doctors or anybody in the medical field did, you know, after that, did they talk to you about what could have caused this unusual event?

[SPEAKER_01]
Absolutely not.
And that's that's been for somebody who works in health.
That's that's such a such a damning indictment.
on the whole period.
Our first encounter with a specialist was the cardiologist in ICU.
I must have been aware of some noise about vaccine injuries, but this is totally in the left field.
I hadn't thought about this.
And I asked the specialist whether this might have been a vaccine injury.
And I remember verbatim, the doctor said, no, we don't think so.
The time frame doesn't fit.
And that was the only discussion that I had with any, unless I was brave enough to discuss causation with the medical professionals, it just simply was a no-go zone.
We just did not want to talk about causation.
And as it turns out, that particular specialist, we've had other cardiologists later down the path that have said, absolutely, this looks like a vaccine injury.
Uh, and that particular doctor apparently has changed his attitude on, on, on, on timeframe and, and, and, and call it from, from vaccination to heart damage.
And obviously the evidence is all there.
You guys have done the evidence that looked in the evidence before.
Um, FDG PET scans are showing that there's, um,
on radio tracer examinations that there's uptake in the myocardium 180 days post second dose.
And I believe that study that was as far down the track as they'd actually investigated.
So we know that that heart damage can occur down the track.
It's not a case of injection and cardiac arrest straight away.
So I think that's pretty well recognized now.

[SPEAKER_10]
Exactly.
And has any media picked up the story in Australia?

[SPEAKER_01]
I mean, has anybody said, gosh, we just, you know, almost lost a... Yeah, it's... And that to me is one of these things that I just cannot get my head around.
So we have the vaccine adverse event reporting system, DAEN, in Australia here.
I would have thought that if you have one case that looks highly suspicious, that is enough.
And obviously there's been no investigation down that path.
But the medical profession, unfortunately, just simply stayed in their lane, they're treating.
And they don't want to discuss causation.
And obviously they're under regulatory pressure as well not to not to speak up.
As Dr. Baig will certainly account.

[SPEAKER_10]
What really like gets gets me mad is that, you know, being at the hospital, we would have to deal with media a lot and God forbid a child or a kid
would die in a car accident or die in a drowning or you know when the kid got hit with the baseball and came to our hospital we had the media out there wanting to talk about it it was all over the news but it seems to be that all of these cases I mean we have so many just in my little area we've we've lost other children we had another cardiac arrest not too far away where fortunately they were able to save that but
There's so many of these cases that all of a sudden, why aren't these kids in the news?
If you die in a car accident, the media is outside our hospital wanting to interview the parents.
But in these cases, they're just swept under the rug and not talking.

[SPEAKER_01]
To me, it's an example, a really clear-cut example of the politics and the bureaucracy being totally divorced from the medical profession that are picking up
picking up the damage.
And I always want to differentiate between those two.
If ever I speak to anybody about what's about Reese's story, you know, the medical profession have saved his life.
There's no question about that.
And amazing medical people that, as I said, they're staying in their lane.
They're not involved with the bureaucracy, with the politics.
And that is a major problem in my mind.
Somebody who works in health as well, that's, yeah.

[SPEAKER_10]
It's unethical.
It's really unethical.
And I, it's, it's why I speak out and, you know, what Steve has taught me to be brave because Steve is one of the bravest people that I know.
And he is, is given me the confidence and the strength to be brave and speak out against the medical, you know, these not, not our medical hospitals, but the,
three letter agencies, the people that are behind all of this, it's not okay.
We've never done this in medicine where these horrible things happen and we just let them go.
And I remember in your situation, Matt, there was one text message in particular you sent me.
It was back in April of last year.
And you said, Angela, we have had a major emergency.
Reese went into cardiac arrest.
This was while he was waiting for us.
He still hadn't received a heart transplant.
Reese was on a machine called an ECMO, and for what most people don't know, most people don't know what an ECMO machine is.
It's like a heart-lung bypass machine.
It keeps somebody alive.
And you can't be on an ECMO machine for very long.
It's only a short amount of time.
And most people that are on ECMO machines do end up needing a transplant if their heart is damaged.
Matt sent me a message saying, Angela, we have this horrific emergency.
Um, he went into cardiac arrest, he arrested and the ECMO machine dislodged and he was bleeding into his cavity.
And Reese was so lucky to have amazing, you know, surgeons nearby where they actually opened up his chest.
They did CPR on him and left his chest open.
And, and.
Matt, you told me at that point, you're like, he's not gonna make it.
If we don't get a donor, he will not live.
I remember waking up to that message, just crying and just seeing, I wish I could have just flown to Australia to be with you, but that had to have been so terrifying.

[SPEAKER_01]
We took Rhys back to hospital in January of last year.
His heart failure had deteriorated to a point that he was just in excruciating pain, particularly in the abdomen with the ascites, the fluid buildup in his abdomen.
First thing, ironically, he was tested for COVID when he was admitted to hospital.
He was put in an infectious diseases ward and an antiviral that, due to my research, I wasn't overly pleased with him having.
And that was remdesivir.
And I asked the infectious diseases people to stop the infusion of the remdesivir.
So, what happened was that the medical people could see that I was a little bit concerned and they said, well, we will stop that.
That was on the first day of a five day treatment of remdesivir.
We'll recheck.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
So, I normally don't advocate for too much, Steve, but I'm very proud that I actually advocated for him in this case.
So retested for COVID the following day and he turned up with a negative COVID test the following day.
So within 12 hours, he went from a positive to a negative COVID test.
first of all, wondering about the accuracy of the PCR testing, but that's out of my league.
And then he was put directly on ECMO.
I was concerned about the kidney damage from the antiviral.
He was put on ECMO in intensive care, virtually straight away, to strengthen his failing kidneys and liver.
And the goal then was to go straight into an LVAD procedure to remove the apex of his left ventricle, to put in this device,
with an external backpack to helpfully get him strong enough to be eligible for transplant.
And then he had 80 days in intensive care, survived 80 days.
There were multiple complications.
The one that you mentioned, Ange, was at the very, very end of the ordeal.
He also had a lung collapse earlier on with an intercostal catheter that went not well and his lung re-inflated too quickly.
So we were told on about three or four occasions that he wouldn't survive.
But the doctors were very pessimistic about his chance of survival.
The only thing that we realised that would save his life was the heart transplant.
And we had two instances where he had to be delisted because of these complications.
He just wasn't strong enough to be listed.
And that was horrifying for the whole family to realise.
It looked like we'd run out of options.
To the medical people's credit, they took a chance on him being a young guy.
As you said, Ange, they had his chest open.
The intensive care doctors and the surgical team were sort of disputing which way to go.
And they kept his chest open on the hope that a donor heart would arrive.
But he booked into the following day to close his chest and the heart arrived that day, which was just extraordinary.
So he's a very lucky man to be alive.
There's no question about that.

[SPEAKER_10]
When I seemed to wake up because of our time difference, I woke up to that text message from you as well.
Like, Angela, we're going into the operating room.
I think you call it a theater in Australia.
But you texted me and you said, Angela, we are going into the operating room in two hours.
We have a heart.
You know, I had been speaking with the team because this, you know, Reese just was so near and dear to my heart and I was so upset about all of it.
And and I knew that you guys were running out of time and and to wake up to that message that you were going into the operating room and then to get the next message from you that he made it through the surgery.
It was a long four hour surgery, but it was successful and.
You know, that was probably the highlight of my year last year, getting those messages from you because there was nothing more that I wanted, you know, for your family and for him to get through this horrific ordeal.
And, you know, I just send you guys so much love for all that you've, you talk about it so eloquently and there's so many more details all along the way of all the ups and the downs and the, you know, the tears and the happiness and the fear and the, you know, all of it.
It just really was a complete nightmare, but at the same time, gratitude for him still being here with us.

[SPEAKER_01]
The gratitude, I just can't communicate, but I suppose Reece is one of the lucky people.
Not everybody receives transplantation.
He survived the initial arrest, not everybody survives an out of hospital cardiac arrest.
So we've been very fortunate.
We're obviously grateful for the incredible medical care we've received, obviously, to the wonderful donor and the beautiful family that have given Reece a second chance.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
I have a quick question before I bring on Dr. Bay.
Can you remind us when he received the transplant, how long ago, and how he's doing today?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, so that was in April last year.
He spent probably another four weeks, four to six weeks in hospital after the transplant.
He's doing pretty well now.
He's had another week in hospital with infection, so he'll be on immunosuppressants the rest of his life, more prone to skin cancers, skin lesions.
infections in general, but he's doing pretty well.
I would have liked him to have joined us today, but he just wasn't quite up to it, but he's really recovering remarkably well.
He got home at about 40 kilos, I think, and he's now about 70, 72 kilograms.
So he's able to do some physical activities, doing some gym work now, and just a life-saving donation, simple as that.

[SPEAKER_10]
The other amazing thing too, is that his heart, his explanted heart, being that Matt is in the medical field and that he's got wonderful friends and people, they have preserved Matt's heart.
I've shared it with Dr. Asim and Dr. Cole.
But the pathology report came back showing that Reese, as you knew, had no congenital abnormalities.
There was nothing wrong with his heart.
The only thing that they found was infiltrates and a dilated heart.
So consistent with myocarditis.
That's all there was, no congenital abnormalities.
And, you know, I had given Matt, Dr. Kohl's,
kind of protocol how to preserve the heart and you know we offered at any time if they they needed to send the heart over to the US would be happy to assist but his his close friend who I think you went to maybe you went to school with in medical school or you.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, an old school acquaintance hands and it was quite a difficult situation to bring it up with somebody I hadn't spoken to for quite a long time and he's a senior pathologist.
But he was very, very generous with his time and I still think, I'm not sure how much he understands about the potential injuries that have been caused.
But he very, very kindly offered to keep Reese's exclamated heart preserved to a point where when the profession is more willing to do other testing, more specific testing, Steve, that the heart is there and can be used to prove that.
So that's something we've got up our sleeves.

[SPEAKER_10]
Well, I'll let you speak if you've got any questions for you.
I just want to tell you, I love you guys so much.
Give Reese the biggest hug and kiss from me.
I'm rooting for him, I'm always there for you guys and it's just such a pleasure to actually see you face to face and let you share with the world this incredible horrific sad story and know that we are
You motivate us.
Reece motivates us.
Reece is gonna change the world because he motivates us.

[SPEAKER_01]
He's a brave young man.
But Ang, I think before you go, I think your listeners need to understand the work that you guys are doing.
I'm sure you don't self promote with the work and the advocacy that you provide for people like Reece and families.
So people need to understand what you're doing for people like us.

[SPEAKER_10]
It's, it's our pleasure.
It's Reese deserves it.
And, and, you know, we, we are, we're human beings.
We're here to take care of each other and in medicine, that's what we do.
And we fight for people that have been harmed and we, we do the right thing.
So it's, it's definitely our pleasure and you'll always be in our life.
And so we'll race where we're, we're a family.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thank you, Matt.
I want to bring on, before it gets too late, someone that you know of, but I don't believe you've met in person, and that's Dr. William Bay.
Dr. Bay, thank you for being here on VSRF Live this evening.
How are you, sir?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yes, good evening.
Hello, Matt.
Haven't met you before.
So sorry to hear of Reese's story, but so glad to hear of the happy ending as much as it can be to what's happened so far.
I'd heard of his story in the media, but you're right.
The media does seem to suppress these stories a lot.
So I'd lost track of what happened to Reese.
And so I'm so pleased to hear that it's a happy ending.

[SPEAKER_01]
It is.
And thank you very much.
And I've only seen Dr. Bay with you celebrating your amazing win against APRA.
We both work in the same state in Australia.
So that's in the same city in actual fact.
So that's an amazing result around common sense, I would say.

[SPEAKER_04]
I want to read Dr. Bay's bio for those that don't know.
Dr. Bay is a Queensland-based GP and the founder of Queensland's People's Protests, where he has been a vocal critic of government overreach and health care.
Dr. Bay gained national attention for calling COVID-19 vaccines the crime of the century and challenging government and medical authorities.
After a two-year suspension, he successfully represented himself in the Queensland Supreme Court, defeating legal teams from the Queensland Medical Board and the Australian Health Practitioner Regulation Agency.
The court condemned the regulator's actions as profoundly unsatisfactory and ruled that the accusations against him were entirely unfounded.
His victory included the dismissal of all ongoing investigations and a ruling in his favor regarding legal costs.
As a passionate advocate for medical freedom and patient rights, Dr. Bay continues to speak out on the dangers of the COVID vaccines and their adverse effects, including heart inflammation, clots, and immune deficiencies.
He remains committed to fighting for the rights of medical professions and patients alike, calling out regulatory bodies for silencing critical voices and preventing informed consent.
And thank you for joining us again and all that you do, Dr. Bay.
And before we dive even further into your story, had you ever seen
Any case like Reese's in your career before this, before the rollout of the COVID-19 injections?

[SPEAKER_03]
I had not.
It was something that was really strange to me when my patient loaned being a family physician, a registrar in training in Australia.
My caseload changed a lot of teenage boys, predominantly getting chest pain.
and sometimes girls as well.
And this was obviously unusual.
But what was more unusual is that when I would send my patients to the ER for assessment, that the consideration of the vaccine, which of course they had been given recently, was not even on the differential diagnoses list at all.
And so there was this immense amount of gaslighting to parents of children happening in Australia, where parents were obviously having concerns that maybe
the vaccine had been a contributory factor to their child's pain or to their later diagnosed myocarditis.
But of course, not a single doctor would back them up with the dignity of even considering that as a possibility.
And that's what really affected people's hearts and minds in Australia and was actually the reason that I decided to speak out.
for the rights of patients regarding the vaccines.
It wasn't primarily because of the dangers as I saw the vaccines.
Yes, that was an issue, but what really got to me was that my patients were being gaslit so many times and being refused entry even at the emergency department by always being told that they were just suffering from anxiety.
So that's why I chose to speak out and I'm so pleased that the judge
did the right thing by asking the barrister, the council for the medical board to explain to him how it was possible that Dr Bay's words and protests were in any way harmful to patients.
And they kept saying that his speech was ruining the credibility of the vaccines, ruining the credibility of the medical board, ruining the credibility of
the government as a doctor, and the judge kept asking, so what?
Please tell me, how did that hurt patients?
And because the medical board could not, I think that really helped win the case in my favor.
And of course, speaking out is the way to help patients.
And that's what we should all take from this is that being brave, being able to tell the truth is what helps patient, being quiet, not staying in your lane actually is sometimes what's necessary to save patients' lives.

[SPEAKER_11]
What I'm really curious, what was there when they the judge asked them that question, how did they respond to that?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, the judge asked the barrister, do we not have the presumption of innocence in Australia as a tenant to this legal system?
And the council's reply was it's the board's position that due to the authority imposed upon them that they do not need to maintain that presumption.
and they are entitled to have emergency meetings to emergency suspend doctors like myself based on their mere reasonable beliefs.

[SPEAKER_11]
I knew they're making law, huh?
How many lawyers were there on the other side?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, because I was suing both APRA, the Medical Board of Australia and the state of Queensland where I reside, there was a total of 10 at one point.
And they couldn't beat me, not because I'm a legal wizard or anything, but simply because the truth was there that the vaccines were harming people.
The truth was there that the regulator had suppressed the right of doctors to speak freely about this matter.
And of course, God was there helping me and guiding me.
and to what to say to the judge and what documents to produce.
So I thank Jesus for this victory and all that my supporters that got me through and got my license back.
And I'm now a doctor once again.

[SPEAKER_11]
Did you have a lawyer?
That was the question Steve.
Did you have a lawyer at all?

[SPEAKER_03]
Steve, I literally took Jesus as my advocate.
It was just me against those 10 in the court.

[SPEAKER_11]
Wow.
That is fantastic.
How much did you win?
That's the question.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, I won a lot.

[SPEAKER_11]
Can you disclose that?
I'd like to stick it to these people.
It's nice if the judgment amount can send a message.

[SPEAKER_03]
So the action that I was pursuing in the Supreme Court was quite technical.
It's called a judicial review here in Australia where the legality of the actions taken to suppress my and other doctors' speech was what was being examined in the court.
So it wasn't a case of where I was suing for negligence or breach of contract.
That's a second lawsuit that I'm now pursuing to get compensation from them.
But I have secured the very important victory where
The judge declared that I had breached no code of conduct, rules, any legislation, any policies.
And that has sent a powerful message to all the attorneys in Australia that they can now stand up for the rights for doctors and nurses and other health practitioners to speak more freely about the vaccines.
And of course, that's exactly what's happening.
And so now we're hearing stories like Reese's and others coming out more and more.
And there are other terrible stories in Australia, like of Dazzle Peters, a young girl
16 years of age who needed a lung transplant was denied that because she refused to take the vaccine and she unfortunately died.
So there has been many injuries, many deaths, many tragedies in Australia as it has been around the world.
And I put the blame for that on the medical regulator because they would not let the family physicians, they would not let the cardiologists and they wouldn't let even the pathologists talk about what was potentially causing all this.
And we all really knew what was potentially causing this, didn't we?

[SPEAKER_11]
Did they actually, do you think the lawyers on the other side knew what was going on and they're just representing their client's interest?
Like, were they sort of privately on your side?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, the lawyers that were fighting against me actually got fired by the medical board after the conclusion of my successful court case.
So they weren't too happy with their own reputation at the end of this.
But I do believe that at least one of them had
revealed that he was disgusted with the way that the medical board had ethically conducted the case.
And what I mean by that is not only had they suspended me for two and a half years for protesting the government and the vaccines, but they'd also covered up evidence
And when I finally got some documents revealed on subpoena, it showed that the chair of the medical board had actually colluded with the chair of the medical union in Australia to create a complaint against me, which was rushed into committee without it being considered and then used to suspend me, as well as another complaint composed by the state manager of APRA in Queensland to complain about a protest against APRA by myself in front of the APRA officers
with that complaint recommending that I should then be taken to the medical board for further suspension as well.
So it was amazing the amount of corruption that was revealed during the trial process and that what's really made the judge disgusted with the board's behavior and said that he'd never seen such a level of animus directed towards a medical practitioner.

[SPEAKER_11]
How did they respond to that?
Or did they?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, they didn't apologize to the lies that they put out against me, which would have been nice.
They have paid me costs for the court case so far.
And we will see how willing they are to negotiate for the very large amount of compensation and punitive damages that I'll be seeking to get from them.
But in the meantime, I guess evil doesn't stop being evil, Steve.
And already the medical regulator, ARPRA, is coming after me again.
this time for a new complaint for speaking about ivermectin.
So it seems they weren't too happy with that loss and they won a round two and if they won a round two that's fine because if I can beat them once I can beat them again and prove once and for all that at least in Australia the right to speak out for patients is a legal and ethical right.

[SPEAKER_11]
Isn't that a time suck for you?
Aren't you full-time doctoring at the same time that you're pursuing this case?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, this is exactly what the medical board tries to do to doctors in Australia.
Steve, you're right.
It takes away all your resources.
And if you're not being represented by lawyers like I am, yeah, you have to devote in an in an ordinate amount of time to defend yourself.
And their usual game plan is just to wear the doctors down through exactly.
emotional or physical or financial stress.
Fortunately, through the power of God, he rejuvenates me on a daily basis, Steve, to keep going.
And I love the fight.
I love the battle actually, because as that great nurse was saying before, we're here to help people.
And I believe that by fighting for informed consent and the right to speak out, I am still helping my patients.
So I consider my legal work just an extension, really, of my own medical practice.

[SPEAKER_11]
So have you considered asking the lawyers who lost the first round to represent you pro bono against the new lawyers as a little bit of, you know, get back at the client or that might be a conflict of interest.
I mean, they're fired.
So I don't think it can be right.
Would they be open to that?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, I did accuse one of their lawyers of perjury in the court.
So I don't think they're too happy with me.
But don't worry, I've got the best of the best in Australia lined up to take up or down.
And I will take them down because the judgment against them was scathing.
And I want to get a big settlement because I want them to be afraid of another lawyer doing this to them again.

[SPEAKER_11]
Absolutely.
Absolutely right thing.
Why did you choose to be pro se?
Is it because you didn't want to be gouged by lawyers and be able to financially afford it?
Or because you couldn't find a lawyer to take your case?

[SPEAKER_03]
Unlike in the United States where I understand that lawyers' first responsibility is to the best interests of their clients, in Australia, the first responsibility or duty of lawyers is to the state, to the government, to the Crown.
And so when I first got suspended, my colleagues who had been suspended previously and had been trying to fight the medical board
They advised me and said, William, if you want to win, you need to get rid of all your lawyers.
You need to go at your own.
You need to skip the lower levels of the courts, which is the tribunals here in Australia.
And you need to go straight to the Supreme Court and get on the offensive and sue them directly.
So that's what I did.
I took the advice of those medical colleagues who'd been there from before and it turned out that that was exactly the way to do it because I won and I've set the pathway now where other doctors can repeat that process if they get threatened, like I'm getting threatened again now with the crime of speaking out about certain treatments.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, well, you know, hats off to you, because I've had a lot of experience with litigation.
I used to go after the junk facts, spammers, and I won all my cases.
But I can tell you it is a non-trivial thing to be able to go into court and
get out the law books and learn the law and learn what you can do and can't do.
And so my hat's off to you for doing something that is really a Herculean task.
And especially you're up against 10 lawyers on the other side.
I mean, that's just an enormous accomplishment that you should feel very, very proud of yourself for having accomplished.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, thank you, Steve.
I do feel so happy with the win.
But it really was a team effort because without all my supporters, you know, donating to me and supporting me emotionally and spiritually through this battle, I wouldn't have been able to get there.
So it was the whole Australian community and international broadcasters helping me as well to continue my fight against ARPA.
And at the end of the day, one of us had to fold.
And it was opera.
When they showed their cards, not only did they have nothing, they had corrupt nothing, and the judge was really not impressed.

[SPEAKER_11]
Right.
And at the end of the day, they wouldn't even give you an apology.

[SPEAKER_03]
No, that's right.
You know, I should bring that up in the negotiations, actually.
Yes.

[SPEAKER_04]
That's just stunning to me.
An apology would be good, actually.
Really good.

[SPEAKER_11]
Like a first start.
I mean, it's like, you know, come on.
Yeah, it's so unbelievable.

[SPEAKER_03]
You see they don't want to because they still and are promoting the fear in Australia that you cannot speak against government policies against orthodoxy and against the vaccine.
Even though they have now retracted their policy statement prohibiting criticism of the vaccines, everybody still knows, unfortunately in Australia, that they're still going to at least intimidate you or come after you.
That's why they cannot publicly come out and apologise to me because they still are using colour of law to intimidate the physicians in Australia.

[SPEAKER_11]
But do you think that if things change, like I've heard that the US is considering banning the mRNA, these very safe and effective vaccines, if the US does that, I'm not sure if you can hear me here.
Let's see.

[SPEAKER_04]
You just froze, Steve.
We can hear you, but you just froze.

[SPEAKER_11]
But my peeing time is fine, which is very strange.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
Steve.

[SPEAKER_11]
OK, you can hear me.

[SPEAKER_04]
We can hear you.
No, you're back now.

[SPEAKER_11]
Okay, so what happened?
You could hear me but you couldn't see me?

[SPEAKER_04]
You froze.
Your video froze.

[SPEAKER_11]
Video froze.
Okay, so it's a zoom.
It's some kind of bizarre zoom thing because I was running ping in my other window just to see what would happen and the ping times were just fine.
So it's not my internet connection.
It's just a zoom thing.
Okay, sorry.
So where was I?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, I'm not sure I'm not sure about, but let me tell you Steve that ever since I started.

[SPEAKER_11]
Oh, yeah, if the U. S. if the U. S. bands the.
What happens.
In Australia.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, we need to shut down the mRNA factory that we just opened a few weeks ago down here in Melbourne in the southern side of Australia.
We've signed a secret contract with Moderna to produce millions of these doses at an undisclosed price.
The Australian government is fully behind pushing these mRNA technologies on people and they've even
included in the contract, that's less testing.
A further fast track process is allowed to occur.

[SPEAKER_11]
So I'm so pleased with... Correcting their previous mistakes.

[SPEAKER_03]
That's right.
So I feel we were in a different stage of history with RFK Jr.'s selection by the Senate and by his confirmation.
And so I really hope that they'll rub off here in Australia.
And I want to be actually RFK Jr. number two.
I want to reform our health system.
And I intend to, just like I destroyed those evil regulators just last year.

[SPEAKER_11]
So if every country in the entire world
Bans the mRNA.
Will Australia still be the only country that is producing it and trying to get everybody in the country to take these shots?
I mean, are they that, are they going to be, you know, that stuck to the, to the narrative?
Or do you think they will, when they see the tide turning, they'll say, I think we're on the wrong side of this.

[SPEAKER_03]
Oh, look, there's a war going on between profit and people.
There's a war going on between good and evil.
And there are several senators, about seven of them in Australia, doing their best to stick up for the people.
But the rest are all in the pocket, it seems, of Big Pharma.
We do have a federal election coming up this year.
I intend to be participating in this election.
And if I can get into power, I'll be making sure that these mRNA technologies are ground right into the ground.

[SPEAKER_04]
Awesome.
Thank you so much.
Are any of your colleagues following your lead or are you getting whispers of any of your colleagues saying, hey, yeah, we're with you?

[SPEAKER_03]
All the suspended doctors of Australia have always been with me, but the ones not suspended have always been so afraid to speak with me because of the threat of the destruction of their careers.
But there are now many doctors
offering me employment, working with me, because they recognise that informed consent and being able to speak freely is actually in their best interests and their patients' best interests too.
So yes, there are positive developments in Australia and that's where I'm off to go to now.
I've got to run off now because I'm getting back into the workforce and I'm so happy to be able to speak freely in the workforce without the medical regulator hanging over my head.

[SPEAKER_04]
Fantastic.
So great to hear this.
Thank you.
Thank you for joining us and for your time.
And again, congratulations for your victory.
Thanks, Steve.

[SPEAKER_03]
Thank you, everyone.

[SPEAKER_04]
Matt, I have a question from the audience for you.
Has your son, I got two from Dr. Laura, so I'm going to go ahead and ask both.
The first one is, has your son reported any near death experiences during his long cardiac arrest?

[SPEAKER_01]
So I wasn't aware initially, none of us were aware that we had a vaccine adverse event reporting system, which is quite astounding.
I mean, I do work in health.
So when I realised that, the first thing I thought was that maybe the hospital where he presented would have recorded that.
No, they hadn't recorded that.
They weren't looking for those signals, so they hadn't reported.
I did report to our regulator.
and I received a generic response.
It was only when I sent photos of life support that I received, the following day, correspondence from the TGA who administer this adverse mental reporting system.
So no, I think they did nothing.
I don't think his case was investigated.
That's just my feeling.

[SPEAKER_04]
The other question is, did they test your son's damaged heart for the spike protein and massive inflammation?
Any other tests that prove the gene therapy as the causative agent?

[SPEAKER_01]
I worked pretty hard, and as I said, I tried to, behind the scenes, it was all, you know, subterfuge, trying to, you know, I felt like I was a private investigator.
All I was trying to do was to make sure that we could identify as accurately as possible what had happened.
Nobody else was interested in doing that, as far as I could see.
So we do have research explained at heart.

[SPEAKER_11]
So let me ask you the opposite question, which is, had someone come to you, and before
this all happened and said, you know, you really shouldn't be taking these COVID vaccines.
They're really dangerous and so forth.
Would you have given them the time of day?
Would you have considered their argument?

[SPEAKER_01]
Fantastic question, Steve.
I have a few siblings who decided not to get vaccinated for COVID.
And I was a little bit late to actually go down that path.
I was a little bit cautious.
We were as a family.
I didn't see people being affected.
superficial level.
But if I had my way again, there's no way in the world that I would have touched the product and left my family.
I probably would have looked into it, but I possibly would have followed the narrative and I probably, because I work in health, the propaganda was
was in our face every day, I probably still would have gone in that path.
Mind you, it's also a requirement of the profession.
So we're almost in a no-win situation.
Retrospectively, there's no way that I would have touched that product.

[SPEAKER_04]
Right.
Thank you.
Matt, thank you for joining us this evening.
And again, we want to send you and your family and Reese all of our best positive thoughts and speedy continued transition with his new heart and a prosperous life.
Really, we just really wanted to be as normal as possible.

[SPEAKER_01]
Look, I can't thank VSRF enough for fever interest in his case, and all we're doing is trying to get some stories out so that the truth can be told.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thank you.
And thank you, Nurse Angela, for joining us and conducting the interview tonight with Matt.
We appreciate you so much and all the work you do.

[SPEAKER_10]
Thank you.
Thank you.
It's a team effort.
One amazing team, all of you guys behind the scenes, all the events.
I mean, I think right now we're just, it's just the beginning.
I mean, we put on defeat the mandates.
We put on cover litigation conferences.
We've done all of these things, but this is just the beginning for us.
We have a long ways to go.
We've, we've proven how dangerous and harmful these are.
We've showed the cases, but now, you know, we need research.
We need.
you know, uh, acknowledgement and, um, and we have, we have a long way to go, so we're going to keep on fighting.
This is, this is the beginning.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yes.
And if you feel compelled to donate to VSRF, I just flashed the QR code on the screen and you can go to vacsafety.org, uh, and feel free to donate if you feel our work is helpful and doing good out there in the world.
Thank you both.
And hopefully you'll come back at some point and update us.
And if Reece feels like he's up to coming on and joining us, we'd love to have him on in the future.

[SPEAKER_01]
I'd love to do that.
He's a very good speaker.

[SPEAKER_04]
Great.
Well, let us know and we'll have him on anytime.

[SPEAKER_01]
Thank you so much.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thank you.
Steve, I want to move to the United States from Australia.
And I was going to bring everyone one at a time, the legal team from the US, but I'm going to bring everyone at once and then we'll go around and I'll introduce them one at a time and say hello because we're running a little long.
But that that story needed to unfold the way it did.
Welcome Leslie and Warner and Catherine.
How are all three of you this evening?

[SPEAKER_09]
Super.
Thank you so much for being here.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, just doing great.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_08]
Thanks for having us.

[SPEAKER_04]
I'm going to read Leslie's bio first.
Leslie Mnuchin is president and founder of the Health Freedom Defense Fund dedicated to protecting individuals' rights against medical mandates and government overreach with a focus on vaccine mandates and informed consent.
She advocates for personal autonomy and health care decisions.
Leslie has been involved in high-profile legal battles to challenge unjust health policies and provide legal support for those whose rights have been infringed.
As a leading voice in the medical freedom movement, she continues to fight for the preservation of individual choice in health care.
Warner Mendenhall, who many of you know, I'd like to welcome Warner back.
He's a dear friend and, you know, just fantastic human being.
He is an attorney and co-founder of Freedom Council, a legal organization dedicated to defending individual rights and fighting against government overreach.
With extensive experience in constitutional law, Warner has been a vocal advocate for medical freedom, challenging policies and mandates that infringe on personal liberties.
His work focuses on ensuring that individuals have the right to make informed choices regarding their health care, and he has been instrumental in several key legal battles promoting medical autonomy.
And finally, Katherine Huig is co-founded
Freedom Council with Warner and is the group's CEO.
During the pandemic, Katherine formed a Facebook group with 10,000 plus followers to assist in analyzing the Ohio data and supporting Ohioans to take action.
In her role at Freedom Council, Katherine now dedicates herself to building networks between legal experts, specialists, victims, and citizens to support COVID-related litigation.
Welcome all three of you to VSRF Live.
Steve, how do you want to start?

[SPEAKER_11]
I want to start with Warner, actually.
So I had a conversation with Brooke Jackson this morning about her case.
And it appears that for people who don't know, Brooke Jackson was a whistleblower on the Pfizer trial.
And Brooke Jackson will tell you that it was not a observer blind trial, which means that only the vaccinators knew what was going on.
But it was actually the investigators knew who got the shots and who didn't.
And this, of course, is a complete breach of trust in clinical trials.
And they were able to say, you know, basically make the vaccine look good because they knew who got the vaccine and who didn't.
And yet, all of this stuff, like she's the only whistleblower coming out, and she says all this, they go through a lot of work for these Ketem cases.
And what happens is that the DOJ comes in and intervenes and says, we want the case dismissed.
And the judge rules in their favor because the DOJ is essentially, they're the authorities and if they say there was nothing going on, there's no fraud, then there's no fraud and case is dismissed.
What do you like?
Is this going to change under the new DOJ?
And you're going to get like, what do you think is going to happen on this?
Is there a path forward here?
Or do you think this is like a, like you always knew it was a long shot, but.

[SPEAKER_02]
Isn't this a horrible development?
Steve, it was an incredible long shot.
But with the change in administration, you know, they argued that what she was saying and what the other whistleblowers, there are more whistleblowers that have come forward.
But, you know, what she was saying was contrary to the public health policy, the United States.
And what she was saying is there's fraud in this clinical trial.
So we think that the new administration obviously should change its position.
We did file a brief on the case last week, and we expect that there will be a change of position.
What that does going forward, I don't know.
There's a couple of options.
One, they don't change their position, which I think would be really bad.
Two, they do change their position, but they leave it in our hands to litigate it.
That's going to be a very difficult thing.
And three, the federal government has the right to intervene, and that's what I think they should do.
On your side, right?
No, on the side of the citizens of the United States.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, which is essentially your side, but yes.

[SPEAKER_02]
Oh, I hope so.
But there are enough whistleblowers.
We see fraud in the manufacturing, distribution, reporting.
Every aspect of this, starting obviously with the clinical trials, there's fraud at every step of the way.
And there are whistleblowers who have come forward.
So I think what the federal government should do is really look at all of the entire range of possible frauds that went on with Pfizer and not just Pfizer.
Moderna, J&J, I think there's other issues out here that are pretty clear, but they should do an omnibus piece of litigation and just end this process.

[SPEAKER_11]
Wouldn't that be great?
Yeah.
And so do you personally believe that the trials were so flawed that there was absolutely no benefit for infections?
The trials both showed like 90%, 95% reduction in cases.
And yet all the surveys I've been able to do show that that doesn't exist anywhere.

[SPEAKER_02]
No, what happened is the mortality of the people who took the shot in the trials was greater than the placebo group.
That's very clear.
The other thing people need to remember, they started with about 43,000 people, but the data points that were submitted to the FDA were only 170 people.
That's it.
162 and 8.
162 in the placebo arm and 8 in the vaccine arm.
But remember, they were still classifying you as not vaccinated for two weeks after you got the shot.
So that was a play on the statistics right off the bat.

[SPEAKER_11]
Oh, yeah.
So what do you think the numbers are?
Do you think there was any benefit at all or do you think it was a complete sham?

[SPEAKER_02]
No, there's no, there's no, the risks outweighed the benefits.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, I get that on the all-cause mortality, but what about infections?

[SPEAKER_02]
No, no.
You can look at the 43,000 people.
There's a huge cohort of people that they think were probable COVID, and that was roughly even in both sides of the trial, the vaccine and placebo arm.
So it was 1,800 in the placebo arm and 1,600 in the vaccine arm that probably had COVID, but they didn't do the proper follow-up to create data points out of those people.

[SPEAKER_11]
Was that included actually in the study?
Yeah, yeah, it's right in the records.
Wow.
So Catherine and Leslie, do you concur with that, with what Warner just said?
Are you seeing the same thing?

[SPEAKER_08]
Oh, yes, most definitely this this if if there were any benefit to it would only be because.
For a period of time, but long term, it definitely has harmed overall.

[SPEAKER_11]
Leslie, what do you think?

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, I think we have to remember that those 170 cases ate in the placebo in the vaccine and 162 in the placebo.
Those were relative risk, right?
The overall impact was.
Nothing.
It was nonsense.
There's nothing you can actually extrapolate from that data.
It's literally a gross exaggeration of what really happened.
And so I think it's one of the biggest problems that's persisted now for decades because we see this in other vaccine trials as well.
It's not just in the COVID shots.
This has been going on for decades where they rigged the study in order to make it
look like there's no problem with Gardasil.
They did six or seven different locations, clinical locations.
They had one placebo arm.
All the others got one true placebo.
All the others got aluminum in their placebo.
And then they mixed all the results together.
So you can't actually discern what's really going on.
So it's just, this is literally vaccine science at sham science.
And I think, you know, buyer beware essentially.

[SPEAKER_02]
I want to go a little further than that, Leslie.

[SPEAKER_09]
All clinical trials for all drugs really need to be looked at very hard by RFK Jr. Can I just say that's such an important point because there was a paper done by a PhD named Beatrice Gollum about 10 or 15 years ago, and she wrote this article.
The title of the article was, What's in Placebos?
Who knows and the reason for that is that there are no guidelines for placebos in almost any medical product they can use whatever they want essentially and then it just you know it has an impact on what the outcome is but they can do almost whatever they want and that is really what the problem is and obviously you know robert of kennedy junior can help to resolve that.

[SPEAKER_11]
Okay.
Let's get to a success stories here because that's what this episode is about.
So, uh, Catherine, do you want to start with, uh, your, uh, your success stories in winning against these, uh, the other side?

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, I think Warner is probably better in the, in the, uh, uh, talking about the success stories with the lawyers.
I mean, I can talk about where we are right now, uh, but I think it makes more sense with go ahead.

[SPEAKER_11]
Tell me where, where do you think we are right now?

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, I think we've done incredible things.
I mean, look at Leslie.
When the mask came off on the planes, we got to thank Leslie.
All of the federal mandates for that.

[SPEAKER_11]
Thank you so much.
That is so awesome.
Leslie, do you want to talk about that?
Let's just break to her, because that was such an important thing that you did.
That was your lawsuit that caused that.
I think a lot of people aren't aware of that.
And boy, what a relief not to have to wear these face coverings on the airplanes.
And do you know what happened to cases after people were told on airplanes, they don't have to wear masks, people stop wearing masks on airplanes?
What do you think happened to cases?

[SPEAKER_09]
They went down.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah.
It's like, oh, why?

[SPEAKER_09]
And nobody acknowledged that.
Yeah.
It was really an unbelievable case because we filed it in the summer of 2021.
And the reason that we filed it was because, so I don't know if people know, but I made a documentary, an award-winning documentary on vaccines called The Greater Good, and it came out in 2011.
And I had been studying vaccines since 2001 when I got pregnant with my son.
And so I was pretty up to speed on everything that was going on.
And I knew from 20 years of research that the CDC didn't have the power and authority to dictate health laws because health laws are state laws.
And so I kept saying to our attorneys, they can't do this.
They can't do this.
Come on, you guys.
This is wrong.
The CDC doesn't have this authority.
And so our attorney, Brand Hataway,
He dug into it is like you know what you're right you're absolutely right let's let's pursue this and so we basically you know what after cdc and what after the by the administration because.
They had overstepped their authority.
They had overstepped.
They had not followed the regulations that are required for federal agencies.
So there was no notice or comment.
There was no justification either than other than a boilerplate kind of justification for their mask mandate and get this.
You'll love this.
Steve literally when they submitted their documentation to the court.
They submitted 300 pages of research.
There was not a single randomized controlled trial in their submission, not a single one, because they don't have any, right?

[SPEAKER_11]
So what did they base it on?
What did they say, well, our justification is what?

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, they said that there's a public health emergency, and so we have to tell everyone to mask.
Because the evidence is what?
They didn't have any.
And this is what I think really happened was that they didn't notice and comment.
They didn't provide anything other than boilerplate.
And then when we won, they actually said, we're not really sure if we're going to appeal.
It took them a few days to even decide whether they were going to appeal.
And so I think this was just telegraphing that this was all political.
It was never anything from the beginning aside from a political move.
And I think that really- They didn't appeal, did they?
They did appeal they did appeal and ultimately the case actually ended up getting dismissed because Biden then rescinded the mandate the emergency and so the DOJ wanted to just make the case go away so they said.
It's dismissed as moot it's no longer an adjudicable issue and so the good news is that if they ever do and this is the most important piece is that.
Judge Catherine Mazzel, who issued the ruling, which was really quite scathing of CDC.
If they ever try and do it again, we just go back to Judge Catherine Mazzel and the case will go back, you know, so we would file in that same district and it would get returned to her and then we would do it all over again.
So, you know, it was, I mean, that was, I'll never forget it.
I remember when our attorney called and he's like, are you sitting down?
And and told us that we you know told me that he that we had one it was just incredible and then all the videos and the people you know the flight attendants singing in the aisles of the airplanes and everything I mean it was I actually think really truly an inflection point in the overall.

[SPEAKER_11]
And what did it cost in terms of legal fees to achieve that remarkable victory?
And I presume that was paid out of funds from one of your charities?

[SPEAKER_09]
It's health, freedom, defense fund, you know, we're a nonprofit and yeah, it cost a half a million dollars.
It was very expensive because that was the 1st, administrative procedure act case that brand had ever done.
But it was and then of course, you know, there's all the sort of.
Background and all of the briefing and everything because it goes on it went on for a year a year and actually 2 years by the end of it.

[SPEAKER_11]
Wow.
Well, good for you for pursuing that.

[SPEAKER_02]
Leslie raises an important point, though, too, that I want to emphasize here.
The attorneys, almost solely, you know, small firms, sole practitioners are the ones who stepped up, and many of them learned new things and got into new areas in order to fight for people's rights.
And, Steve, something that you pointed out, actually, is, you know, this was one of the largest attacks
on individual civil rights we've ever seen in this country by the Biden administration.
And that's the project we're in right now.
The effort going forward, we have had a ton of victories, but the effort going forward is to preserve and reclaim our constitutional rights, our individual constitutional rights that the Biden administration was just stomping on across this country.
I also want to say something about these appeals.
In the employment side, and the employers who mandated at their businesses, there have been at least now 15 successful appeals across this country overturning denials of exemptions for medical and religious exemptions.
So we've had a tremendous amount of success there.
There have been over $200 million in employment settlements that I
and kind of going off the cuff on right now.
And there have been some huge individual trials.
The BART trial in San Francisco was a $10 million jury verdict in the most liberal city in the country.
And there was another one in Michigan for 12 million.
And there was one in Tennessee for about 750,000.
So we have had tremendous amount of pushback by the solo and small firm practitioners and the brave people that stood up and fought
their employers over these mandates, because this has never happened before.
So now, moving forward, and Katherine maybe can address this, the ongoing discussion in Freedom Council is how we go forward and get more accountability, you know, in fact, including, I will announce this here, I know there's a criminal investigation open, one of the first ones in the country.
And I'm going to point out something else, because this gets political a lot.
The criminal investigation, I can't tell much about it, but it's a Democratic prosecutor.
I think that's important that this is starting to cross party lines.
So Catherine, why don't you talk about Freedom Council a little bit, if that's OK, Steve?
Sure.

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, one thing I want to add to what Warner just said about these cases to really understand what the actual lay of the land is there with the cases that he mentioned in Michigan and in San Francisco.
What was interesting is the attorneys who had run those cases, they talked to Freedom Counsel about their experiences and their stories were almost identical.
And it was that the judges themselves were putting their thumb on the scales
far against the plaintiff's side.
They would do things like when jury selection was happening, they would ask the entire pool who here is not vaccinated.
What was their vaccination status?
And anybody who was unvaccinated, the judge kicked off of the- Oh, wow.

[SPEAKER_11]
Wow, that's fair and impartial, isn't it?
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_11]
And so this happened- Nothing says fair and impartial like that.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, I can't remember exactly the phrasing that the one judge apparently used, but it was something along.
Well, we need to have this very fair and we can't have any unvaccinated on the on the in the jury, because then that wouldn't be fair.

[SPEAKER_11]
And how does that make any sense at all?

[SPEAKER_02]
I don't know, but the best part about it.
You would win that on appeal, I think, Steve.
But I mean, the key point is these juries found anyway, they're so mad about being forced to get the shots.
They're going to hold these employers accountable.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.
Can I can I jump in here?
Because are you?
No, go ahead, Catherine.

[SPEAKER_08]
Oh, I'm done.
I just said even in San Francisco, which we found for the unvaccinated employees, despite the judge trying to push it.

[SPEAKER_09]
So fantastic.
So what I wanted to share, if I may, Steve, is we have two other really important cases.
One is a case, this beggars belief, but this CDC and the U.S.
Citizenship and Immigration Services are still requiring green cards for applicants from outside the country who want to come in.
Yeah.
And so we sued in
Early December, I think is when it was, and we have a hearing in that case on February 26 and CDC violated the law by putting this shot by putting the cobit shot onto the, the requirements for consular and change of status applications for, you know, for just green card application.
That was the only reason that they were denying green card applicants is failure to get the cobit shot at the same time that.
60Million tourists come in, no one's checking their status.
I mean, how many tens of millions of people are entering the country illegally?
No one's checking their vaccination status and barely any adults are getting the shot anymore.
So this is really important because we're attacking the COVID shot on the basis that it doesn't stop transmission or infection and that this is arbitrary and
capricious and if we can get the court to issue a ruling on that, that will be really fantastic because it can then be applied to other shots.
So that's something that's really fantastic.
And then we have a huge case against the Los Angeles Unified School District.
It's our second case against them.
We have twice stopped them from mandating the COVID shot for employees.
And this case, en banc review has just been granted in it.
And we are going to be heard in front of a panel of 11 judges in March.
And this is really important because this case takes on Jacobson from the side.
Jacobson is the Supreme Court case from 1905, which has been used for 120 years to justify vaccine mandates.
And what we did was we argued that the COVID shots don't stop transmission or infection.
natural immunity must be recognized and that Jacobson doesn't apply.
And this is really important because in the last 50 or 60 years there's a whole body of Supreme Court jurisprudence that says that you have a liberty interest and a fundamental right to refuse unwanted medical interventions.
So this case
is pushing the court to actually clarify that Jacobson is out of basically Jacobson.
This is a huge, huge case and something I don't actually want to go into it right now because but something big and important has happened and developed in this.
I would just say stay tuned because we've got that hearing March 18th and I'm very, very excited about it.

[SPEAKER_11]
Great.
That's awesome.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, so fantastic.
And we're about to file something else as well, which will be to everybody in the country's benefit.
But that's probably a couple of weeks out.

[SPEAKER_11]
All right.
And so you can't give us any clues?

[SPEAKER_09]
Not yet.
Yeah, that one I don't want to say.
The only thing I'll say is it's about an issue that is gaining a lot of momentum in the media right now.
How about that?

[SPEAKER_11]
There's a lot of stuff gaining momentum.
Do you want to give us another clue?

[SPEAKER_04]
That could be anything.

[SPEAKER_09]
Health freedom though, it's a health freedom issue.

[SPEAKER_11]
Well, I'd like to have freedom of choice as to not having employers mandate a vaccine.
That would be really nice.
Oh, speaking of the courts and legislation, more legislation side than the courts, which is I went to North Dakota and testified on behalf of a bill for medical transparency.
And I was opposed by all the people in the health department for having transparency because they said transparency would allow people to misinterpret the data which would cost lives.
And my argument was that, do you know whether the Moderna vaccine is safer than the Pfizer vaccine?
Well, you don't because your medical department refuses to look and won't tell you.
Would you like to know that as legislators so that you can save your life and the life of your family against maybe potentially dangerous medical interventions?
And so they had a vote, I think it was like a couple of days ago, and it lost by two votes.
So if two people had switched their position, we would have had this in place.
So they were successful in killing the bill.
And one of the epidemiologists who testified against the bill had sent off an email to the committee, which voted almost unanimously in favor of this bill.
And she was saying that, oh, my analysis is flawed.
So I sent her a 10-page write-up saying, well, here's my analysis.
And here's the R code that shows it.
Can I see your code?
And what was the mistake in my analysis?
And of course, I never heard back.
Yeah, so there's some victory.
It's great to have some victories.
I thought this would be a slam dunk because I helped write the legislation and watered it down so there would be no objections whatsoever.
And still, it did not pass.

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, I have something really positive to report on that front, Steve.
There's a bill that's been introduced that I actually worked.
I collaborated with Idaho State Senator Dan Forman on it.
And it's called the Idaho Medical Freedom Act.
And it would ban almost all medical mandates in the state of Idaho.
And I believe it might have cleared the Senate today, the Idaho State Senate.
So it actually cleared the State Affairs Committee a couple weeks ago with a request for a couple of minor amendments, which we've made.
And I haven't heard back, but I think that it cleared the Senate today and it's going to the House State Affairs Committee now, which is really, really positive.
And I'll just say, in some states like Idaho, there is serious appetite for change.
These legislators are fully on board with us.
They understand.
They think it's ridiculous that Idahoans don't have the right to decide these medical, make these medical decisions for themselves.
And so I think we have a really good chance
Really good.

[SPEAKER_11]
Awesome.
I'm just texting the.
The one of the legislators in North Dakota who just texted me saying that we brought the bill back for reconsideration on the floor today, but it failed again.
So disappointing.
But they had another, speaking of Vax mandates, they had another bill that also, I believe, passed out a committee.
So I'm asking him for what the status of that is.
But it's good that we're getting closer, right?
We failed by two votes here.
Things are moving in our direction.
Are you guys aware of anything that's kind of moving in the wrong direction at this point?
Like, have you had cases that are, you know, just going the wrong way?

[SPEAKER_02]
I'm going to give you one exception.
There is an exception, and these are important things.
The exception is still, we have a real problem in the medical field.
The hospitals are mandating flu shots, for example.
The kids who are going into medicine are still having to do COVID shots.
So we have some real problems there.
So we need to pay attention to that.
And in terms of legislation, we've got to get a compensation program together that works for the vaccine injured.
There are millions of them out here, and they are suffering deeply.
So we have a real need to do that, and that's probably going to have to take place at the federal level.
But it needs to be set up almost at this point, I think, like a workers' compensation system, because it is just too vast.
And we're having so many problems litigating in that area.
the CICP injury program is just a mess.
And there's only been a few resolutions in that.
And I think the average one at one point, the average resolution was for $3,000.
That doesn't cover a week's medical care.

[SPEAKER_11]
Absolutely.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_09]
But you know what?
I think it's actually
The vaccine injury compensation program that's been around since it was created by the 1986 National Childhood Vaccine Injury Act, that thing has been a nightmare for families for decades.
And I actually am very optimistic that the problems with the CICP are going to shine a light on the entire absurdity of this whole process, which is that you get nothing, right?
Your child is injured or killed.
Your husband is injured or killed and you get literally almost nothing and you go through this super owners process.
And now with the change of administration, there's gotta be a focus on this and, and, and completely overhauling or eliminating that vaccine court and the program.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yep.
Yep.
I want to ask a couple of audience questions before you all have to run and before we bring on Sean Buckley.
And I have a question for Leslie from Emerson BT.
Several California counties have reinstated mask mandates in hospitals and other settings.
How can Californians fight back?

[SPEAKER_09]
I don't mean to be cheeky, but move.

[SPEAKER_11]
Leave the state.
Oh, man.
sorry.
I got a big house.

[SPEAKER_09]
So I mean, listen, I would love to take on every single lawsuit.
But you know, we just don't have the money to fight.
I mean, we have turned away.
1000s and 1000s of people.
It's heartbreaking.
Clearly, it needs to be challenged.
I think that it would be that we would be able to win if we were to do it.
But it's
It requires a massive amount of organization and the funding for it.
And we don't have the funding to do every single case that comes along.
In fact, we're already committed because of this new case that we're taking on, which will have a very big impact, I think, nationwide on a big issue.
So it's actually really hard.
I think you've got to find somebody locally or organize yourselves.
It's a really tough thing.
My heart goes out to you.

[SPEAKER_02]
Catherine, Freedom Council is trying to address some of those issues.
Could you explain that a little bit?

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, so one of the biggest issues is exactly what Leslie just talked about there.
There's just not enough attorneys.
There's not enough attorney time out there.
Funding is a massive issue because the attorneys who have stepped into this space have basically mortgaged what they have to support this kind of litigation.
And so one of the things that Freedom Council is really working towards is how do we preserve attorney time?
where there are certain things that only attorneys can do.
And then there are things that individuals, whether they're experts or they're victims themselves or they're citizens, and what things can be outsourced to other people and also still be able to work in a way that supports the actual litigation.
And so to that question, I would be more looking into, we can absolutely set up a call internally to discuss that where,
Okay, how can we approach this mask mandate situation in a way that preserves that attorney time, minimizes the costs, and uses the manpower out there of the people asking the question?
What can you do to support that exactly as Leslie was talking about?
Okay, get together, but let's get together with a little direction there too.

[SPEAKER_02]
And I'd like to point out, our University of California case is blazing a trail on these lines.
It's in California, it's in Oakland, and I think the California Constitution and legislation is actually very good.
The Nuremberg Code is in the California legislation.
So we can use California's laws to correct this problem, and we've got the briefing, the complaint drafted that could be copied and used in other
you know, in other venues.
And I think, you know, so everything we're developing there in terms of legal theories, complaints, et cetera, can be used in terms of supporting and speeding up the process for, say, a challenge to the mask mandate.

[SPEAKER_04]
Question for it's asked to you, Warner, but probably for anyone here from Dr. Laura, are most of those winning cases against the employer mandates from people who tried to get a religious exemption?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yes, most of them are religious exemptions, secondarily medical exemptions.
And I hate to go back, but I'm going back to the University of California case because Dr. Chris Rake in that case just said no.
He's a very religious person.
He doesn't hide that at all.
But he said his religion doesn't let him take an exemption based on religion because people who don't believe in God have the same rights as he does to not take the shot.
So why would he get an exemption when they don't?
So he was thinking along those lines, that's part of what I love about that case.
And we need to fight because we all had a right to say no under the EUA.
Right.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, that's what I like.
Why just those?
Why not anyone else?
Right.
That makes no sense to me.
A follow up question from Nick Curious.
My employer of 10 years forced me to resign as a young man because I didn't want myocarditis.
What standing do I have?

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, I guess I better answer that one too.
It just depends on your state, what your statute of limitations is for that type of case.
Some states are very short, some are longer.
We'd have to analyze it.
It's a state by state analysis.

[SPEAKER_04]
And I have a question from Ari Goldberg.
Please define coercion for informed consent.
Does it include losing your job, school, entering public business or government office?
Or is it just tying you down and forcibly injecting you?

[SPEAKER_02]
No, all of the above and Leslie Leslie knows that.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, it's it's it's actually this is something that the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals wrote in our in the when we won our appeal, they said that each and every American has a liberty interest, a fundamental interest in refusing unwanted medical interventions of any kind.
And this is why our, like I mentioned, our case against LA USD is so important because it's pushing the courts to actually say, you know, we need to update things here.
I mean, Jacobson is from 1905 when women couldn't vote.
You know, it's insane that we're still allowing that to have any bearing on today.
And all of the more recent jurisprudence says that it shouldn't have any bearing.
And so where we're going with this is.
To a point, and this is why I introduced the Idaho Medical Freedom Act is because we have to at the state level.
I mean, that would be great to get it at the Supreme Court and we'll go to the Supreme Court if we have to, but we have to have this.
codified in law that each and every one of us has a liberty interest in refusing unwanted mental medical intervention absent any kind of coercion and the threat of losing your job or your livelihood being able to take care of your family.
That is coercion.
It's a clear and direct violation of the ethical principle of informed consent.
So no, you cannot be pressured in any way.
The problem is up until now, the onus has been on each and every one of us to then go and sue or challenge it.
And in the middle of all the hype and fear, it's hard to get the judges to actually think rationally.
So now cooler heads are prevailing and I think we have a much, much better chance of really getting those kinds of things codified in law.

[SPEAKER_02]
And I want to point out the horror of Jacobson because Jacobson actually, the way it was used historically was to approve sterilization.
So there's a very famous case, the Buck case, that approved sterilization of a young woman.
And the sterilization, University of California, again, promoted sterilization of Latinas in California in the 30s.
So we've got all kinds of issues.
Jacobson's bad law, it needs to be overturned.

[SPEAKER_09]
And Jacobson doesn't say what they said it said, right?
So, I mean, Alan Dershowitz has gone on all of these shows and said that the government can take you to the doctor and plunge a needle into your arm because of Jacobson.
That is patently false.
Jacobson said that if you didn't wanna take the shot, which they believe to be safe and effective, I don't think it was safe or effective, but leaving that aside, if you didn't wanna take the shot, you had to pay a fine.
It didn't say that your employment could be conditioned upon
receipt of the shot.
It didn't say that the state could plunge a needle into your arm.
It said none of that.
It said that Pastor Jacobson had to pay a $5 fine.
And Justice Harlan wrote that this opinion should not be construed to accord a broad authority to the state.
It was to be extremely limited in an extremely narrow kind of emergency, smallpox, 30% to 40% death rate.
not covid, which is in line with the seasonal flu for most people or less than the seasonal flu for most people.
So it's been just wildly misapplied and it needs to be reconciled, as I mentioned, with so much case law that's been decided in the last 30, 40 years.

[SPEAKER_04]
Steve, any final thoughts or questions before
before I release our guests and bring on Sean?
No, I'm good.
I do have one.
We're going to be covering this Yale study that was just released.
And I'm curious what impact that will have for lawsuits going forward and if that can be used for people who've suffered damage from the COVID injections.

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, I have an opinion, and it is this, that we need to really expand the statute of limitations just like we did with the sexual abuse of the kids in the Catholic Church and the Boy Scouts.
This is medical abuse, and it's along the same lines.
It's medical trafficking, in other words.
and they're trafficking in our bodies to make profits.
So we need to get those statutes of limitations expanded.
We need to end the PREP Act.
We need to roll back all of the defense-related, quote unquote, public health acts that have happened in the last several decades.
So there's a lot of work to do, some of it's legislative.
We will continue to proceed with the litigation, challenging these directly, but we could use some help from Congress.
and from the state legislatures, honestly.
The other thing is, you know, that also goes to the fraud that occurred here.
There's DNA integration that's happening.
Apparently, that's a fraud.
They hid the SV40.
That's a fraud.
You know, they said it wasn't going anywhere, but the injection site, that's a fraud.
They knew differently.
So on and on and on and on.
And I think, again, that's why I would promote an omnibus piece of litigation to go after all of these vaccine manufacturers
and the mRNA in particular, we got to get that off the market.

[SPEAKER_04]
Absolutely.
Any final thoughts, Leslie and Katherine, before we say goodbye?

[SPEAKER_08]
Katherine, do you want to go ahead?
I mean, I would say very briefly, there has been a change overall, society-wide here.
As you can see, I'm in a hotel room.
I'm actually at CPAC, and it's been pretty impressive over the last eight months.
I've been going to a lot of libertarian and conservative events and all of that, speaking about what we've been doing in this little COVID world we've been living in.
Everyone is extremely positive towards it so i would recommend people go out and actually talk about it in their lives because there is there's a change out there and more that we actually talk about what actually happened the response you get is extremely positive and you know we need to do that so we can drive the legislatures to actually go out and do it.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, I want to echo what Catherine said.
I mean, I am so optimistic.
There is so much happening legislatively in the States, and there's a lot going on in the courts.
And I think the courts are more receptive.
I mean,
I don't want to talk about the issue with the 9th circuit, but something just happened.
It's really, really fascinating and it's going to come out in a few weeks.
And this is I think that these judges, you know, they say that politics is downstream from culture.
Well, so are the courts.
And I think it's so important to understand that these judges don't want this kind of dystopia that's been pushed on us for the last several years for their own children and their grandchildren.
And so I think that they are awake and alert and more concerned than they've been.
Perhaps in the past about these issues and the imperative of update updating Jacobson, meaning throwing it in the garbage of history.
And and I think that the legislators are in some states, not in all states, but in some states, they are fired up.
I mean, I'm just telling you, I'm talking to these people in Idaho.
They are.
on fire seriously they are and so i think that is incredibly encouraging and if we can get the idaho medical freedom bill passed that will be the first piece of legislation anywhere in the united states that says that you have the right to refuse no employer can force a medical intervention on you no school no no you know entertainment venue i mean this would be massive and
I think that it would catch like wildfire across the country, so I am super optimistic about what's going on.
There are legislature legislators talking about, you know, geoengineering and trying to get laws passed on this, something that was totally foreboding three years ago, right?
And so this is just really exciting.
There's the Doug Cameron Act, which is a try attempt to try and pause the mRNA shots, and that's happening across the nation.
So really fantastic things are happening, and I guess the only thing I would say is that.
having been doing this for a while is be patient.
If your bill doesn't pass the first or second time, don't worry about that.
The average bill takes five years to seven years to get through.
So just hang in there.
Keep working.
We've got, you know, we have the momentum right now.
And so I'm really, really encouraged.

[SPEAKER_04]
I really appreciate that and the optimism.
And Leslie, where can people find you and your work if they want to follow you or contact you?

[SPEAKER_09]
So healthfreedomdefense.org is our website and we've got a whole legal corner with all of our cases and we've got, you know, some, we do deep research on different subjects like bird flu and things like this.
We actually did that last year.
It's, you know, we were very ahead of the curve on that, but healthfreedomdefense.org if you want to get in touch with us or even with me, you can just use the contact form on our website and it will be routed to me.
Um, so thanks so much for having me on guys.
It's been really fantastic.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thank you for being here.
And Janet, we'll put that in the chat, uh, link in the chat and, and wondering Catherine, where can people find you and follow your work or contact you if need be?

[SPEAKER_02]
Great Catherine.

[SPEAKER_08]
Oh, well, so our website is freedom council.org.
That is council with an S E L. So freedom council.org.

[SPEAKER_02]
And I think the thing that I want to emphasize that Leslie has emphasized as well is we are gaining momentum.
It is time to support all these groups financially, support VSRF, support Leslie's group, support our group.
We need funding, but that funding is going to pay off in a restoration of our civil rights, a restoration and reclamation of our constitution.
That's what we need you guys to do out there.

[SPEAKER_04]
Touche.
Fantastic.
Well, thank you, all three of you for all the incredible work that you're doing out there and keep up the fight.
I'm going to go ahead and be optimistic, especially now with Bobby inside of HHS.
I think there's going to be a lot of opportunities going forward.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
Steve, we're going to bring on our final guest of the evening who's been waiting so patiently backstage.
Sean Buckley, welcome to VSRF Live.
Welcome back to VSRF Live.
How are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_00]
You know, it's just a pleasure to be here and a pleasure to meet Warner, Leslie and Catherine.
You know other attorneys in a different country that are are plugging away and doing the same thing and just you know when Warner saying at the end.
They need support like people don't understand how much more organizations like that can do if you contribute in and just do it like let this is the time this is the hour.

[SPEAKER_04]
Indeed.
Let me read your bio just for those who aren't familiar.
Sean Buckley is a constitutional lawyer with over 30 years of experience defending the constitutional rights of Canadians.
As a founding member and organizer of the National Citizens Inquiry, Sean played a pivotal role in documenting the events surrounding the COVID-19 pandemic and providing Canadians with a platform to share their experiences.
During the break in lockdowns in the winter of 2022 to 2023, the National Citizens Inquiry held hearings across Canada where 365 witnesses, including our very own Steve Kirsch, have testified about the impact of government actions during the pandemic.
Throughout his career, Sean has been a passionate advocate for the protection of individual rights and freedoms, tirelessly working to ensure that the voices of Canadians are heard and that their constitutional rights are upheld.
And I can't think of another Canadian that's fighting for Canadians as much as Sean has been in this arena.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_00]
So can I just comment, Livio?
So Steve, it was almost two years ago
that you testified at the Vancouver hearings of the National Citizens' Inquiry, and you had to testify under oath.
So you had to take an oath to tell the truth.
And if, you know, people can go to the NCI site and watch Steve's testimony, and you tell me he didn't hit a home run.
Two years ago, nailed it.

[SPEAKER_11]
Just telling the truth.
I was under oath.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, well it's funny what the truth does, right?
So, crazy world we live in.
You know, I've got a little frustrated listening to all this good news with, you know, U.S. lawsuits.
And with Canada, we're behind.
Like, I think
All that's happened is, is we went deeper down the COVID hole, like we're much more controlled.
Our media is much more controlled.
And I think we had one of the most insane governments in the world.
I think Canada and Australia were likely the two hardest hit countries as far as going down that police state rabbit hole.
But Australia seems a little ahead of us.
Absolutely.
And maybe I'll give your American, because this is an American show, kind of a deeper understanding, because I know you had masking and you had, did you guys have passports where you...

[SPEAKER_11]
I was going to ask you, do you still have masking in Canada?

[SPEAKER_00]
Well, we do, but not for the public.
So it's like going into hospitals and things like that.
But I was actually just reading today, so for example, the California of Canada is British Columbia, that the health care workers are revolting against the masking because they're getting so tired of it.
And that's kind of encouraging to hear.
But we don't have the public masking.
Now, our government has bought a lot of bird flu vaccine.
So I think they were planning on doing another big pandemic this year and killing chickens everywhere like you guys do.
You know, so I think they were setting us up, but they have a problem with what's happening in the United States.
Because how are they going to lock us down and how are they going to, you know, scare us into submission again, when, you know, you guys are probably going to put a halt on this MNRA stuff, you know?
And I just, I want you guys to appreciate how much worse it was here.
Like I say, you know, you guys had masking and you guys had,

[SPEAKER_04]
We did have passports in that we had to show a vax pass to get into restaurants, concerts, venues.
Okay.
Yeah, so we did have that.
In fact, when we had to feed the mandates, they enforced like you couldn't even go into a Starbucks without a vax pass or stay in a hotel in DC proper.
So yes, we did have that here.

[SPEAKER_00]
Wow, so you're a full-blown police state also.
It's funny, like we had our prime minister, which is, you know, akin to your president, while we're building detention camps in Canada.
So we're building detention camps across Canada and he says on television,
You know, after calling the unvaxxed racists and misogynists, and I, I still can't get my head around, like, how are you racist?
If you like, if you don't want to take a vaccine or how does that make you, you know, misogynist?
Like, what if you're a woman, right?
Like, but anyway, he's calling us racists and, and misogynists.
And then he says on TV, how long are we going to tolerate them?
And, you know, in the province I live in, the opposition leader was openly calling for the army to go door to door, dragging unvaccinated people out of their home.
You know, I lectured in a city called Lethbridge in Alberta on Tuesday, and I asked the audience, I said, like, remember in the dark days,
when, you know, the dark COVID days, did you honestly believe, and you know, put up your hand if you did, did you honestly believe the army would be going door to door, dragging unvaccinated people out of their homes and jabbing them?
And about half the arms went up.
Like, it was crazy here until those truckers rolled and our courts have, I mean, they bought right into it.
I mean, you know, I think it was Leslie was explaining that courts follow the culture and we were just so hyped up that our courts have just been completely one sided.
So, you know, there's different types of decisions.
There's, you know, somebody lost their job.
Can they get some compensation today?
Which are individual decisions, but the real important decisions are
You know, here we've got the largest intrusion into our lives in history, even more than wartime.
Is there a single court decision in Canada that would put a break on any level of government, you know, federal, provincial, or municipal going forward, saying, hey, you crossed the line, you went too far, next time you can't do that?
Steve, there's not a single one.
There's not a single court decision in Canada
that if they pulled, all of a sudden, bird flu is a big issue.
that they couldn't do the same thing again.
There's not a single court decision saying you went too far, but for the Emergency Act.
So remember, they took the trucker convoy down and used thousands and thousands of mass police officers to drag ordinary Canadians out of the line and throw them to the ground and put the boots to them.
And let's do that for a few days till we clear everyone off Parliament Hill.
So we had a federal court say,
Well, you were all to virate that act, and you violated our freedom of expression.
But that's under appeal, so we don't even know if that single decision will stand.
And can I just tell you about the family case law?
So, because I think you'd agree with me,
that healthy children have a 0% chance of dying of COVID.

[SPEAKER_11]
I'm not sure I have data for that.
I know what the stats are, so I know that young kids very rarely die, but I don't know what their comorbidities are, so I can't comment on that.
I'm not aware of any child who was perfectly healthy, young child who died from COVID.

[SPEAKER_00]
You can't put a name on it.
I know in Canada, a couple of years ago, as a child, you were 53 times more likely to be violently murdered, which is pretty seldom in Canada, than to die of COVID.
And I expect that Canadian children have a larger danger from lightning than dying of COVID.
But we're jabbing kids, like in the province I live in, it's part now of the vaccination schedule, starting of six months of age.
Now, if you're a parent and you're divorced and you're in that court battle, and you don't want your child vaccinated, and the other parent does, like pretty well 100% of the time the court orders the child to be vaccinated,
And the reason is, is our courts have basically come out with decisions saying we'll take judicial notice that if Health Canada approves a vaccine and everyone knows they're talking about the COVID vaccine because that's the facts of the case, you take judicial notice that that means the vaccine's been proven to be safe and effective.
And you're only supposed to take judicial notice of things that are so clear, so obvious that everyone knows, they're not in dispute, so why would we waste court time proving it?
And what I find interesting in Canada, you guys had an emergency authorization pathway, we didn't.
So the government basically issued an order exempting the vaccines from having to go through the regular process.
And the word safety wasn't even mentioned.
You didn't even have to submit your safety data to Health Canada to get an approval, which is just crazy.
So inefficacy wasn't required.
All you had to do
was make an argument, like not prove anything.
You just had to be able to argue that the benefits outweigh the risks, but the test actually said having regard to the uncertainty regarding the benefits and risks.
So like, yeah, we don't really know.
So you make an argument the benefits outweigh the risks, and then Health Canada also had to take into account that we were in a public health emergency, and it was mandatory.
So if you could argue
without even having to show safety and efficacy data.
Well, why would you?
Because you don't have to prove it.
You could get approved.
And yet the courts are saying, well, we need to take judicial notice that the vaccine was proven to be safe and effective.
And it's like, well, that wasn't the requirement.
And then the biggest fraud even yet was most of, you know, it was the Pfizer vaccine that was the predominant vaccine in Canada.
And we all know the clinical trial was on one manufacturing method.
And yet they're injecting us with a completely different.
So there was no clinical trial on the primary vaccine that we're jabbing our kids with.
So it's craziness.
It's an absolute train wreck in Canada.

[SPEAKER_11]
So do you think there's any hope that like, what's going to change the tide in Canada?
Is there, is there anything that's on the horizon where you see light at the end of the tunnel and it's not a freight train coming at you?

[SPEAKER_00]
Steve, my feet aren't touching the ground now.
I'm so excited.
So, you know, we're not at the point with courts yet and, but culture, you know, the courts follow culture and
you know, with Mr. Kennedy being appointed.
Has Jay Bhattacharya been appointed yet to NIH?

[SPEAKER_11]
I don't think so.

[SPEAKER_04]
But he's like- But I don't think so.
Livio?
Good question.
I don't, I'm gonna have to look that up and I'll get back to you.

[SPEAKER_00]
But he's likely to be.
You know, and like with that type of thing happening, the problem like in Canada,
What can't be hidden is that people know that they've been injured or a family member's been injured.
And so the culture's changing and people are starting to talk, we're behind you, but what's happening in the United States is going to change Canada.
And the pendulum goes back and forth.
We got crazier than most countries.
but it means that our reaction is gonna be more significant.
So Steve, I am extremely optimistic because the truth doesn't go away.
It just keeps knocking at that door.
And so even though we don't have court decisions, we do have, you know, civil class actions that are not being thrown out.
The courts are saying, no, we're not gonna throw these out.
We're gonna hear them.
We're having individual little cases that are winning where a court or arbitrator will say, no, you shouldn't have gotten fired.
We're at the earlier stages.
But a year and a half ago, those little wins wouldn't be happening.
The thin edge of the wedge is in the door and it's just a matter of time and things are going to accelerate.
So I'm extremely excited.
But you know, we're still going after police officers and doctors.

[SPEAKER_11]
It's pretty sad.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.
Do you know about the...

[SPEAKER_11]
I know the doctors are losing and getting their licenses taken away.

[SPEAKER_00]
Absolutely.
So, I mean, I'm listening to, you know, Dr. William on your show, winning, but we're not really seeing that in Canada.
We've had the art case where they've dropped, but we haven't had a doctor win.
So, you know, we've very recently, did you, have you ever had Dr. Trazi on your show?
Dr. Mark Trazi?

[SPEAKER_04]
I don't think so.
No, we haven't.

[SPEAKER_00]
Oh you might want to because he was very early on in being a staunch doctor who was providing information to Canadians and I mean he had his license taken away and part of the game here is
You know, then the College of Physicians and Surgeons can charge you hundreds of thousands of dollars for the costs of them running a hearing to discipline you.
So he's facing huge costs.

[SPEAKER_11]
I'm aware of that.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_00]
And just destroyed.
And, you know, there's another doctor, the case, I'm not the lawyer, but I'm involved in Dr. Hoff.
who, you know, again, he was speaking the truth about COVID, he was speaking the truth about ivermectin, and everyone's celebrating as if he's won, but he just won a little procedural thing not long ago where the College of Physicians and Surgeons were wanting the disciplinary panel to take judicial notice of things like the vaccine was proven safe and effective and alike.
And the panel said, no, we're not going to take judicial notice.
So at least the college is going to have to prove things.
So that's pretty exciting.
But we haven't had doctors found where a disciplinary panelist said, no, you have the right, or a court has said, you have the right.
We're still waiting for that.
So they're still trying to intimidate doctors and they're still trying to intimidate police officers.
We had just last month Constable Groose's case was continuing.
And just to tell your viewers, so Constable Groose was a
a police officer on a special unit that was there to protect children and investigated crimes against children.
So it's a specialized unit meant to protect children.
Well, she's getting information and reports of vaccine deaths, children that are dying because of, you know, right after being vaccinated.
So she starts an investigation
Well, she was basically then suspended without pay and is now in this long drawn out disciplinary hearings, which literally gone on for weeks and weeks.
Well, they changed, they changed the law in Ontario so that now police officers cannot initiate an investigation on their own.
They have to get approval from an authority.
And this whole thing is a show trial to scare police officers.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah.
which is probably pretty successful in doing that.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yes.
Yeah, it is.
And think about the idea.
If a police officer has to go to a superior to get authority to start an investigation, how do you investigate superiors?
How do you investigate the government?
How do you investigate state institutions?
It's absolutely frightening.
Um, but I predict eventually when all this madness ends, that Constable Gruss will likely become the police commissioner of Ontario.
Make that prediction on your show, Steve.
Hopefully I won't have to wait more than two or three years.

[SPEAKER_11]
We'll see what happens.

[SPEAKER_04]
The question, Sean, with Kennedy's confirmation, if things start to move here, which we hope they do, what kind of an impact will it have up in Canada, let's say, banning of mRNA?
Yeah, great question.

[SPEAKER_00]
I think it's going to have a huge impact.
And here's the problem is,
Canada, I mean, we've just like you guys have just had immigration that is just past even post-war.
So we've gone up from 30 million to 40 million, but think about it.
So as a country, like our population is no bigger than California and our economy is smaller than California's and yet we're this huge, you know, landmass north of you.
Well, your culture dominates us.
And economically, we say in Canada, if America sneezes, Canada catches a cold.
It has such a dramatic impact on us.
So I think that there's no way we can continue to be jabbing kids and pushing a vaccine that the United States has suspended.
I can't see that going on for long.

[SPEAKER_11]
We hope.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, well, we we do hope like we're all watching the American news and watching, you know, I think everyone was glued to is Kennedy going to get approved?
Is he not?
But we still have that problem that you guys have is I mean, a candidate, your point of view depends on which news source you look at.
If you watch the mainstream media, I mean, you know, it's Andy Trump, this Andy Trump that and, you know, RFK would
be painted as, you know, complete, you know, anti-vax lunatic.
Yet if, you know, you watch the alternate news feeds, it's the opposite.
So I mean, like the United States, we're polarized based on, you know, our sources of, say, truth, right?
But, you know, I would say that, you know, the demographic in Canada, the split is about the same as the United States.
And the skeptical group is growing day by day.
And it's because of the vaccine injuries.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, good.
And it's like it's our best selling point is the is the people with the vaccine injuries.
You couldn't do this any other way.
I think, I think if there weren't people with vaccine injuries, uh, coming forward, uh, you know, we'd be pretty stuck.
So the courageous people who, who talk about their injuries, it makes a difference.

[SPEAKER_04]
That makes the biggest difference, right?

[SPEAKER_11]
Oh yeah.

[SPEAKER_00]
Well, you know, it's interesting we, the National Citizens' Enquirer, we started hearings in the end of February in 2023 and basically walked entire, across the nation.
We had
24 days of hearings.
And we had witness after witness after witness drop out because they were afraid.
Well, they were afraid of losing their job.
They were afraid of a further social alienation.
Steve, one thing that, that I've found interesting is, is I thought it was the economic pressure that was the big driver to get people to get vaccinated that didn't.
but it actually was the social pressure.
Like more people told us, no, it was, I can't go to Christmas dinner with men.
You know, my best friend is alienated.

[SPEAKER_11]
He got disinvited.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.
But it was the social pressure that was worse.
But, um, wow, it was really something to hear vaccinated people tell their stories.
You know, we're, we're all the same.
Like,
We had this big split, but everyone had the same experience.
And one of the things that we need to learn in Canada is just to forgive each other.
Because I mean, there was and is real hatred.
And I find it interesting because as I say, the experience was the same.
And I know I'm generalizing, but in Canada, and I know it's the same in the United States, is generally speaking, the vaccinated people honestly believed
that there was this dangerous virus that posed a mortal threat to them and or their family like their kids.
And so, you know, you're afraid, but you know what?
There's a solution.
There's this vaccine.
If only, if only those unwashed, unvaccinated people would take it, then I could be safe and my kids could be safe.
So you can see that there's this fear
because of this belief on the unvaxxed, and then the fear leads to resentment and hatred.
But what I find so funny is the unvaxxed had the exact same experience.
Because you know, Steve, and I know I'm generalizing, but the unvaxxed, they honestly believed that that vaccine posed a mortal threat to them and their loved ones like their kids.
Well, no worry, we have a solution.
You don't have to take a treatment.
It's not the law.
You don't have to.
Oh, but wait, if only, if only those vaxxed weren't forcing us to take it by firing us, by, you know, making us show identity papers to go to our kids' hockey games, by creating social pressure.
And in Canada, the schools would vaccinate your kids without telling the parents and tell their kids
Don't tell your parents.
So, you know, we'd be safe if only it wasn't for the vaxxed and then we're fearful and we're resentful and now we're hateful.
Now you tell me, the only difference with the experience was your newsfeed.
It was the information you were receiving, your belief, but our behaviors were exactly the same.
And all of us would have acted the other way if we believed what the other side believed.
Like, people are people, and we gotta get, understand we're all the same.
Like, you know, let's stop being upset and bitter that people were acting differently.
And we're in the same place now over things like with Robert Kennedy.
You know, and other childhood vaccines and the FDA and all of this, like, I know everyone's reacting, but they're reacting because they have a belief.
And I think we have to understand, okay, it's okay for other people to have other beliefs.
And, you know, you'd believe the other way too.
We have to just start listening to each other again.
You know, if we learned anything with that national citizens inquiry, it's so you actually listen to somebody's experience and
you come to a different understanding.
Like I was surprised.
I went into that really having resentment against the vaccinated and I came out of it, you know, having wept and wept and wept with everyone else in the room as the vaccinated were, were testifying that, you know, maybe, maybe people are people and we just need to give them a break.
Like, do you guys think, you know, America is going to heal and come together?
Like, I know it's been absolutely crazy.

[SPEAKER_11]
I hope so.
We'll see what happens.

[SPEAKER_04]
That's a great question.
From what I'm seeing, the left is almost doubling down on what they think is happening now, how they perceive the changes going on with Doge.
And I'm also seeing them in conversations I've had with some friends on social media.
They just don't view the vaccine injury or any of the stuff that we talk about as like, it's as if it never happened and that people should be forgiven because
Everybody was doing the best they could.
And the scientific community was the only group providing the information that was needed.
And when you point out that there were others who were censored and lost their licenses, they don't actually believe it.
They just can't even acknowledge it because they didn't read about it.
And they don't like Zuckerberg now, for example.
So even though he came out and said we were being censored by the Biden administration,
They didn't really get that information and they just can't accept it.
So I don't know.
I'm skeptical.
And they're all out there threatening to bust out their pitchforks.
Literally, I have like three other friends that are like saying, get the pitchforks out because of what they perceive are evils happening now.
So I'm not as optimistic here in America from the left.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.
You know, that's interesting because I know I have real trouble changing my mind.
And I have, you know, more trouble changing my mind if it means I have to accept I was wrong about something.
But, you know, eventually I can get there.
Hopefully I can be pretty stubborn.
So, you know, I wonder because it's just, we were deliberately polarized.
I mean, we were all deliberately polarized and I think we'll get there.
Like I think we're in a period of a,
I call it the great revealing.
And I think we're going to get there.
It's just understanding that it takes a long time to accept that the whole paradigm might need to be changed.
Right?
Like, how do you get to the point, and this is for all of us, is I mean, a lot of the things we've been taught, and we take as absolutely true, if you sit back and think about it, really all we can say truthfully is, is, well, I've been taught this.
I've been taught that.
Like, we've got this whole paradigm that makes it easier to navigate this, but
Most of us don't critically think at all, and I think we're learning to do that again.
But just what we need to understand is no start lists need each other.
And I think it's going to happen, but I do watch a lot of what's happening down south, and I appreciate that there's a lot of polarization.
We have it here too.
And I think we're gonna experience the same issues once we're forced to because you guys are exposing truth in drug regulation.
I do a lot of work trying to protect natural health products.
You call them dietary supplements and it's truly life and death.
But we're in the process, we're in the drug model, you guys aren't.
You guys don't need government pre-approval to sell a dietary supplement.
your manufacturers just send a letter to the FDA saying, I'm planning to do this, and if there's no objection, you can market your product.
But we have to go through this drug model, and they're turning up the heat.
We're actually going to lose our products.
By the end of this year, it's just going to be a train wreck.
Well, every one of our, we call them members of parliament, so MPs, so we don't call them congressmen.
Every single member of parliament in Canada knows, without a shadow of a doubt,
There's not a single Canadian that wants this to happen.
And yet, they're pressing ahead with it anyway.
And we're going to lose all of this, and then we're going to have a rebellion, because the reality is people won't tolerate losing their powers anymore.
And they just won't.
And I think we have to start asking the question, like, you know, when they're posing mask mandates,
because it's in the public interest.
And when they're posing, you know, vaccine mandates, because in the public interest, why do they get to decide what's in the public interest?
Because here we're all arguing, we're masks in the public interest, we're vaccines in the public interest.
The better question is, why do these health authorities get to decide what's in the public interest?

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, because they're the health authorities.

[SPEAKER_04]
well and but there's no there's no there are the experts they know better than anybody else it's been hijacked by the pharmaceutical the public authorities which probably came into effect i think i had a clip actually from leslie where she was actually going back in the history where
the health authorities were cleaning up way back when, you know, 50 years ago, like dirty, unsanitized parts of communities.
And they probably did a lot of good back then in bringing like plumbing and sanitation that helped diseases more so than the vaccines did.
And then it devolved into pharmaceutical products.

[SPEAKER_00]
It is quite something, like both Canada and the US and every other Western nation, we're in this drug model.
And the drug model has three parts, and when I explain it to you, it's gonna become clear, wait a second, we're not gonna get good health outcomes here.
So the drug model, and this all came in in the 1930s.
So it was a coordinated attempt to take our health rights away.
So the drug model is, the first thing you do is you define everything as a drug.
So in the United States, you go look at your act, the definition of drug covers anything you ingested or topical or injected for a therapeutic purpose.
And Livio, you look a little dehydrated, can you drink some water?

[SPEAKER_05]
Oh, I just made water a drug in the United States.

[SPEAKER_00]
I just made it a drug.
I'm suggesting you use it for therapeutic purpose.
So anything, even water is a drug.
The second thing you do is you make all drugs illegal.
So every drug is illegal.
Anything used therapeutically in Canada, the United States, it's illegal.
But the FDA and Health Canada will grant temporary exemptions in the form of a license.
So we're in this legal philosophical world where it is illegal for you to treat yourself with anything the government hasn't approved.
Houston, we have a problem.
Right?
And then the third thing they do, and this is only in the area of serious health conditions.
So let's talk heart disease, let's talk cancer, let's talk serious mental illness.
We make the drug approval process so expensive that only chemical drugs that have a patent ever get through the drug approval process.
You know, the last time I had a drug approval expert on the stand under oath, it was about 12 years ago, and I asked, how much does it cost to get through the new drug approval process, and he said a billion dollars.
Now, our dollars are about worth 70 cents of yours, but it's the same in the US.
It's so expensive that in your lifetime, I'm willing to bet that the only drugs that have been approved for serious health conditions, so the only ones legally, you know, that can be legally used to treat you,
were drugs that had a patent, novel chemicals that had a patent when they went through the new drug approval process.
So that means that anyone on this call, ourselves included, if we have a heart attack right now, if we've been, you know, screened for cancer and we get that taxing at stage four going right now, or you have a mental breakdown, you're rushed to the hospital, the only treatments we're going to be offered
are not our chemicals that had a patent when they went through the drug approval process and this is by design it's not by accident so the only legal treatments that we are going to be offered are novel chemicals and then there's this game
where when the patent runs out they slowly phase them out because now they you know the generic drug manufacturers can compete with them and a lot of them disappear they're called orphan drugs so we used to use them and now they're disappeared and the term is orphan drugs and they they get other new chemicals approved for the same conditions and then the drug reps start pushing that and the journals start pushing that so our kids children born today this month
When they're our age and they have a heart attack or cancer or serious mental illness, they will be treated with novel chemicals that haven't been invented yet.
Now this is madness.
If you were to ask every American to say we're dropping all our drug policy,
We're dropping all our drug laws.
Every American you are tasked with coming to us and telling us, how do we get good health outcomes for serious health conditions?
Because we want to make America healthy again.
Not a single one is going to come and say, I got it.

[SPEAKER_11]
I got it.

[SPEAKER_00]
Make it illegal to treat serious health conditions with anything but novel chemicals that haven't been existed yet.
You'd say you're mad.
And yet, that's your reality.
Do you see the game that's being played here?
It has nothing to do with good health outcomes.
Nothing at all.
The whole thing is a fraud.

[SPEAKER_11]
Do we have questions from the audience?

[SPEAKER_04]
I have one question from Jeannie and she asks, would Canadians support a Nuremberg Code 2.0?
I sure hope so because we need it.
I did want to clarify that here in the US, the vaccine passports were not like federal.
It was state and local as people pointed out in the chat.
even within states, your town may or may not have had one.
But it seemed like left leaning states and cities were enforcing it and the right not so much.
But it was it was not a all US but localized.
But it did, you know, I experienced it myself.

[SPEAKER_00]
We had it federally.
We had it in every province and some provinces had roadblocks between other provinces.

[SPEAKER_04]
Wow.
Insane.
Well, Sean, thank you so much for joining us this evening and updating us on the situation there.
And I do hope it gets less grim as hopefully things continue to get better up here or down here in the US.
And where can people find you and your work and contact you?

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.
So so the main place would be
NHPPA.org, so NHPPA.org, which stands for Natural Product Protection Association, or Sean Buckley Law on X.

[SPEAKER_04]
Great, and Janet will put that in the chat so that you can just click on it in our chat.
And I wish you all the best to continue the good fight up there and that things turn around and you get some victories going.

[SPEAKER_00]
And can I just say, Livio, so the National Citizens' Inquiry that Steve had testified at, we're having hearings that you can watch online.
They'll be live streamed on March 6th, 7th, and 8th.
So just go to nationalcitizensenquiry.ca.
There is no dot com, we just call them dot CAs in Canada.
So just Google National Citizens Enquiry, you'll find us.
And the topic is on are children safe?
And that's a pretty broad topic.
So, you know, it'll be about gender transitioning.
It'll be about parental rights.
It will be about glyphosate.
It will be about bullying.
And it will be about made in Canada.
So we have this, that's our doctor assisted suicide, which is now almost 5% of our deaths in Canada.
So never, never allow that.
And we think they're under reported.
So, you know, if you're
If you've got cancer or depression or something and you have this doctor assisted suicide, a lot of the deaths are recorded as cancer or depression, not as made.
So this almost 5% we think is dramatically under reported.
Well, they want to extend it so that mature minors
can you know consent to suicide well the mature minor under most of our provincial law is is somebody who is 12 and up who the health care provider of whatever qualifications feels the minor understands um you know what what they're consenting to well like it's madness you could have a 13 year old girl who you know did something stupid and her friends are she's ostracized and her boyfriend breaks up with her consent to suicide like what really and what's the drinking age up there
it depends from province to province the province i'm in it's um 18 so you can kill yourself before you can have a drink yeah or vote or vote fantastic oh yeah but i mean it so i just invite your people to to log in and and watch that those three days you won't believe it there's it'll blow your mind sounds like must see oh child trafficking too i guess my wife chimed in and said there's going to be witnesses on child trafficking

[SPEAKER_04]
All right.
And is that how often do these hearings happen?

[SPEAKER_00]
Right now, we do them about twice a year.
OK, so.
Yeah, and it's been pretty incredible.
And Steve, thank you.
When you testified, it was you're very well known and so and your information was so good that we really appreciate it.

[SPEAKER_11]
My pleasure.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thank you, Sean.
Thank you for being here this evening, and hopefully you'll be back later in 2025.

[SPEAKER_11]
With some better news coming out of Canada.

[SPEAKER_04]
With some good news.

[SPEAKER_00]
Well, we're on the way, right?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yes.
All right.
Thank you, Sean.

[SPEAKER_00]
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_04]
Hang in there.
I've got a couple of little announcements to make and then I'm going to close tonight with a video of the second half of Bobby's first HHS speech is welcome, which is, you know, I was never able to watch that, right?

[SPEAKER_11]
Cause it was like shut down and then the URL was unavailable and all that.
So is it now available?

[SPEAKER_04]
It's available and I'm going to play the second half and then I'll send you a link to the the full thing so you can watch all of it in its entirety and I want to share of course that
We are a 501c3 nonprofit and everything we do from hosting weekly webinars and producing educational content to providing a platform for truth depends entirely on your generous donations.
And if you believe in the work we're doing, we humbly ask for your support today.
And together we can make a real difference.
And thank you for standing with us.
and for considering a donation to help and sustain our vital work.
And then also next week, we're going to dive into the news that's blowing up today.
We have
The recently leaked Yale study, which reveals alarming evidence that the vaccine harms the immune system.
Our very own nurse Angela and Amanda were key participants in this groundbreaking research.
And joining us to discuss the findings are Dr. Bruce Patterson and Dr. Ram Yogendra.
You won't want to miss this conversation.
We're going to have this on next week.
So be here next Thursday night, same time, same place, Rumble and X.
And Steve, how's your back feeling?

[SPEAKER_11]
Not so good.
Sitting here for two and a half hours is not, uh, not optimal.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
Actually three hours.
Yeah.
It's been a long ride tonight.
So thank you for, uh, hanging in there and, um, I hope you start to feel better and all of you out there.
Thank you for joining us this evening on this fantastic episode we just had and hope to see you all next week.
Enjoy this, uh, second half of Bobby's speech.
Good night, Steve.
And thank you to all our guests.

[SPEAKER_05]
My main mission at HHS, in which I hope that you will all join me, is to reverse the chronic disease epidemic in America.
How are we gonna do that?
It isn't by replacing one paradigm with another one by force.
I'm not going to come in here and impose my belief over any of yours.
Instead, we're gonna work together
to launch a new era of radical transparency.
Only through radical transparency can we provide Americans with genuine informed consent, which is the bedrock and the foundation stone of democracy.
Transparency allows diverse parties to establish common ground of mutually trusted information.
That's a basic precept of science.
Results have to be reproducible.
The whole experiment has to be open to scrutiny and replication.
It's no secret that many of our institutions of democracy, our democracy, of course, but even of science and medicine, are no longer transparent.
As a consequence, they have become inefficient, dysfunctional, or corrupt.
They have fallen captive to the profit-making industries.
They have stagnated in bureaucratic secrecy and in siloing.
They have lost touch with ordinary citizens.
But here's the paradox that a lot of crusaders need to understand.
Most of the people who work in these institutions and agencies and organizations are competent, ethical, and caring.
and idealistic.
I think that's especially true at HHS.
When I was a boy, I particularly admired the scientists that I saw there because I thought these are the smartest people in the world.
And yet, they're not receiving much money.
They're very low paid compared to people who are using high IQs to acquire things and to acquire status and money.
That means they must have been motivated by something higher, something more idealistic, and I still think, I still believe that today.
I believe that most of you here are not here for the money.
You don't enter government service to get rich.
That's for sure.
On a basic level, I trust the idealism of most of the people who work at HHS.
I also understand
the corrosive power of money as it infiltrates and captures institutions like ours.
My goal as a secretary here at HHS will be to create a culture of competency, of ethics, of openness, of transparency, of caring, of pride, so that individuals who share these ideals can flourish and thrive.
Sure, those who are unwilling to embrace those kind of ideals can retire, but I understand that it is a system and not the people in it that is the main problem.
This is how the agencies under the HHS umbrella will recover their reputations as unimpeachable sources
of scientific information to guide policymaking, medical professionals, the public, and the whole world.
We will remove conflicts of interest on the committees and research partners whenever possible, or balance them with other stakeholders.
We will shut the revolving door to reestablish public trust.
We will make our data and our policy process so transparent
that people won't even have to file a FOIA request.
Another reason why our agencies have lost public trust is that they've become too politicized.
Well, our health should not be a political issue.
As I said to President Trump the other day, there's no such thing as Democratic children or Republican children.
These are all of our children, and all of us want to keep them healthy.
It should be an issue
of science and an issue of basic human compassion.
Science gets politicized when power and profit are involved, and power and profit are blind to compassion.
Reducing the influence of money, therefore, goes hand in hand with depoliticizing HHS.
I've spoken of science, and now let me speak about compassion.
HHS is the home to programs like Medicare and Medicaid,
and between them serve over 160 million Americans.
The same Doge technology that has uncovered vast amounts of waste and fraud can be used to better serve our fellow citizens who depend on these programs to make sure that no one is left behind and no one is left out.
We will aim to set a standard of courtesy, efficiency, professionalism, and integrity that will make HHS, again, the envy of the world.
Let me say one more thing about politicization, and this is personal.
As you know, I've come through a very highly polarized confirmation process.
The fog of narrative warfare has made it hard to get a sense of who I am and what I believe and what I represent.
A lot of times when I read these articles characterizing me, I think to myself, I wouldn't want to work for that guy either.
So, since we all are here together, I have a request to make from you, my new colleagues.
Let's start a relationship by letting go of any preconceptions that you may have about me, and let's start from square one.
Let's establish mutual intention to work toward what we all care about, the health of the American people.
In return, I want to make a promise to all of you,
It's also about preconceptions.
I'll start by acknowledging that throughout my career I've asked a lot of difficult questions and I've come to a lot of unpopular conclusions.
I'm gonna keep asking those kind of questions.
What I promise to you now is to hold my preconceived answers lightly.
I promise to be willing to be wrong.
I promise to listen to all the stakeholders, all the parties too, the conversation, including the ones, especially the ones with whom I've disagreed in the past.
I promise to keep an open mind toward every possibility and every contingency.
I hope you will all join me in this commitment because the health of our people is a lot more important than being right or being vindicated.
We can start right now.
Last Thursday, President Trump signed an executive order to establish the Maha Commission to study what has caused the precipitous decline in American health over the past two generations.
So we will convene representatives of all viewpoints to study the causes for the drastic rise in chronic disease.
Some of the possible factors we will investigate were formerly taboo.
or insufficiently scrutinize a childhood vaccine schedule, electromagnetic radiation, glyphosate, other pesticides, ultra-processed foods, artificial food allergies, SSRI and other psychiatric drugs, PFAs, PFOAs, microplastics, nothing is going to be off limits.
Whatever belief or suspicion I have expressed in the past, I'm willing to subject them all to the scrutiny of unbiased science.
That is going to be our template, unbiased science.
That's something that will make us all proud of this agency and of our role in restoring American health.
Let's commission research that will satisfy all the stakeholders once and for all.
Let's use protocols that we all agree on in advance and not alter the outcomes of the studies when they're halfway through and that they look inconvenient.
Let's all depoliticize these issues and reestablish a common ground or action and renew the search for existential truth with no political impediments and no preconceptions.
Finally, I want to ask you to think about an even larger challenge to this agency.
If we're really going to end the chronic disease epidemic, we need to recognize the connection
between the physical decrepitude, the now-believer's art citizenry, and the pervasive spiritual malaise that has left so many young people feeling alienated, dispossessed, disconnected, purposeless, and hopeless.
Spiritual and physical maladies thrive on one another.
They feed on one another.
Our overall wellness must begin with a spiritual question.
How do we relate to ourselves
to each other, to our communities, and to the planet.
Vested interests and malignant political actors profit and flourish when we are atomized and fragmented, and uncertain when we can be easily propagandized, when we live in fear and helplessness and victimization.
These forces prefer to have us in terror
and anxiety which disable our capacity for critical thinking and make us more compliant and more credulous.
They want us hiding from ourselves to avoid our own shadows and dulling our pain and loneliness through sedation and distraction.
And inside of us, we know that love and self-knowledge are the only true paths to good health.
Here at HHS, we need to take on the task of guiding our country and the world to question towards skepticism, towards engagement,
to discover our own paths to living our fullest lives, unleashing the potential in every one of us to make good personal choices that allow us to nourish, to heal, and to develop ourselves.
Only this path will make us effective citizens in a democracy.
This is decidedly the American identity that we want for our children and their children.
or our own example of dedication and integrity, we can inspire our country on the mission toward well-being and toward achieving our historic mission as an exemplary nation.
The goals that I have for HHS, the goals of transparency, of informed choice, of integrity, of efficiency, are possible only with your help.
This task before us is historic to reverse a trend of worsening health that goes back 60 years.
And I know that we can do it.
I know a higher standard of health is possible.
I know that because I remember a time that our country was the healthiest and most robust country on earth.
With your help and commitment, we can go back to that time.
We can have that again.
Now let's get to work, and thank you all very much.
