[SPEAKER_06]
When I was young, it seemed that life was so wonderful A miracle, oh it was beautiful, magical And all the birds in the trees may be singing so happily Oh joyfully, oh playfully watching me
Then they send me away, teach me how to be sensible Logical, oh responsible, practical Then they show me a world where I could be so dependable Oh clinical, oh intellectual, cynical

[SPEAKER_05]
There are times when all the words are sweet When questions run too deep For such a simple man Won't you please, please tell me what you've learned I know it sounds absurd Please tell me who I am
Now, what would you say?
They'll be calling you a radical, a liberal, or fanatical criminal.
Now, won't you sign a good name?
We'd like to be your acceptable, your respectable, or presentable, a vegetable.
Oh!
One so deep, one such a sin
I'm so lucky

[SPEAKER_14]
Tonight on VSRF Live, Steve Kirsch sits down with an esteemed panel of experts to dive deep into some of the most pressing issues surrounding childhood vaccines, autism, and emerging treatments.

[SPEAKER_01]
At first, Noah was verbal, and he was fine.
And then came that well-baby visit.
And within 24 hours, Noah got the measles and a very high fever, and he regressed into a state of autism.

[SPEAKER_04]
The thing that really started me was when you look at kids who are sickly, they just have recurrent infections.
We see about four times as many of those in that category if they're vaccinated versus if they've never seen a vaccine.
If they, you know, these completely unvaccinated kids,
that are supposedly these weirdos that are, you know, in some commune somewhere or whatever.
But these are the healthiest kids.
The ones that are unvaccinated are by far the ones that have less infectious disease, less respiratory disease, less autoimmune disease and less neurological conditions.

[SPEAKER_14]
Welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm Livio Sanchez, and tonight we have a jam-packed episode dedicated to one of the most pressing health issues of our time, autism.
Autism rates have skyrocketed over the last few decades, leaving parents searching for answers, researchers digging deeper, and doctors questioning the mainstream narrative.
What's causing this explosion in cases?
Can it be prevented?
And what are the most effective treatments?
Tonight, we are bringing you an autism roundtable like no other.
We'll be diving into the science, the treatments, the stories, and the fight for truth.
We have an incredible panel of experts, doctors, scientists, researchers, and warrior parents all on the front lines of this battle.
Joining us this evening are Dr. Sabin Hazan, a pioneering microbiome researcher uncovering the gut-brain connection to autism,
Tracy Slepcevic, author, advocate, autism warrior mom, and founder of Autism Health, sharing her powerful journey of how she helped her heal her son from autism.
Dr. Nikesh Jasani, an expert in integrative medicine, working on innovative therapies for children with autism.
Dr. Nimesh Patel, a leading internal medicine physician researching therapies to help autism.
Dr. Dayen Goodenow, a biochemical researcher focused on neurological conditions and breakthroughs in autism treatment.
Dr. Joseph Burka, a neuropathic doctor specializing in holistic approaches to autism recovery.
And Dr. Brian Hooker, chief scientific officer at Children's Health Defense
and co-author of Vax vs. Unvaxed, breaking down the science and data that Big Pharma doesn't want you to see.
Dr. Brian Hooker couldn't join us live tonight.
However, he sat down with Steve yesterday for a compelling interview that we'll play a little later on.
Before we get started, don't forget we're running the Dr. Stella raffle.
I want to share my screen here in one second so you can see this excellent raffle that we have going on.
And tonight is the last, well, this is the last week to...
donate for this raffle.
Let me get this up on the screen so you can see it.
Yes, this is your chance to win a year's supply of Dr. Stella's Covivites, her powerful immune boosting supplement packed with quesartan, zinc, vitamin C, and vitamin D3, plus a copy of her eye-opening book, Let America Live.
The raffle runs until next week.
We will announce the winner next week on Thursday's show, March 27th.
So, get your tickets now.
Visit givebutter.com backslash Dr. Stella to buy your raffle tickets.
The more you buy, the better chance you have to win.
And Janet will put the link in the chat.
And now, without further ado, I want to bring on VSRF founder, Steve Kirsch.
Welcome to VSRF Live.
Steve, how are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_15]
I'm good.
I'm working on my debate.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, that you have.

[SPEAKER_15]
That's a, that's pretty interesting.
I'm, I'm learning some things I hadn't learned before, but the bottom line is that, uh, uh, that getting the vaccine is a huge mistake for anyone.
The COVID vaccine basically increases your all cost mortality quite significantly.
And it's quite devastating.

[SPEAKER_14]
And how are you feeling?
Where are you in the debate?
What round are you guys up to?

[SPEAKER_15]
We're in round five, so we have one more round after this coming round, so basically two rounds to go.
And so it's all a question of whether the judges are going to go and believe all the hundreds of studies in the peer-reviewed literature or they're going to believe the data in plain sight.
And I actually think that the most compelling argument to me is that there are no success stories.
the vaccine for some for a vaccine that has saved like 20 million lives we can't find a success story there's no i even went to chat gpt to find a success story and chat gpt couldn't find a success story it's all in the papers but there don't exist any actual organizations that are successful
Or in real life.

[SPEAKER_14]
I don't run into anyone that's vaccinated that would consider a success story.
Most of the people I run into say, I don't get any more of those COVID vaccines at this point.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah.
And I never run into anyone who said, once the vaccines came out, none of my friends are dying from COVID, or none of my vaccinated friends.
It's all the unvaccinated.
My unvaccinated friends are dying like flies from COVID.
But the unvaccinated people aren't dying at all.
You just can't find those stories.
And you find these troubling stories that are the opposite.
And so I'm accused by the judges of being an anecdote magnet for adverse anecdotes.
And I say, look, I've been advertising to try to find a positive anecdote.
I really want to change.
I want to believe that this thing may work.
So far, everybody is saying that, look, if there was a positive anecdote, they'd actually be advertising it.
The CNN would be talking about it.
It wouldn't be hidden if there was a positive anecdote.
And so I mean, to me, that's super telling.
And you can look in the all-cause mortality data as well.
And there are lots of ways you can show that this has just been a huge mistake.
Although there is some data that actually supports their position that it reduces, it appears that there's some data that says it reduces infections very early on for a short amount of time.
And there's some data that looks like the case fatality rate goes down, but
It's kind of hard to know because there's so much gaming going on.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, and is it worth the risk of all of these adverse effects?
And yesterday... No, no, it's not.

[SPEAKER_15]
I can tell you it's not.

[SPEAKER_14]
No doubt about it.
Well, yesterday there was a historic victory for bodily sovereignty.
I don't know if you heard this, Steve, but Idaho's Medical Freedom Act has officially passed the state legislature with a 47 to 23 vote.
This groundbreaking law ensures true health freedom by prohibiting businesses and schools from mandating any medical interventions, vaccines included for attendance in school or employment.
Did you hear about this?
Let me play this video, this quick little news report so you can see.

[SPEAKER_10]
Well, speaking of before, before the coronavirus pandemic was even declared over in the U.S., Idaho lawmakers made sure nobody in Idaho was going to be required to get a COVID vaccine in order to work.
They called it the Coronavirus Stop Act, and it passed into law in 2023.
Today, lawmakers decided to ditch the name of that law, changing it to the Idaho Medical Freedom Act.
And they expanded it to include schools and include any sort of medical intervention.
any sort of medical intervention, meaning no business or school in Idaho can require their employees or their students to get any vaccination or, as they put it, any pharmaceutical or biological agent or product designed to alter or restrict the biological functioning of the body.
But as opponents of the bill pointed out, how far is too far when it comes to telling private businesses what they can or can't do?

[SPEAKER_07]
I have been trying for 11 years to get discrimination protection, saying that businesses can't turn somebody away for being gay.
And I was told that that was way too much of an infringement on the freedom of the private sector.

[SPEAKER_08]
It's not about people having personal medical freedom.
I'm all for personal medical freedom.
What I am concerned about is that that personal medical freedom then puts other people at risk, businesses at risk, their reputations at risk.

[SPEAKER_10]
After a close tally in the Senate and another close tally in the House passing 4723, the Medical Freedom Bill now heads to the governor's office.

[SPEAKER_14]
So the governor, Brad Little, has five days to sign or not sign and pass the legislation or veto it.
So we're going to keep an eye on that story, see how that unfolds.
Let's move on to our topic at hand, Steve.
I want to introduce Tracy Slepcevic.
Welcome to VSRF Live.
Stacy, how are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_01]
I'm good.
How about you?

[SPEAKER_14]
Doing really well.
Let me read your bio so that those that don't know who you are, Tracy is a best-selling author, certified integrative health coach, and the founder of Autism Health, a 501c3 non-profit organization dedicated to supporting individuals and families affected by autism spectrum disorder.
As a devoted mother and advocate, she has spent decades researching and implementing holistic approaches to autism recovery.
Her book, Warrior Mom, A Mother's Journey in Healing Her Son with Autism, shares her personal journey and empowers families with knowledge and hope.
And again, welcome to VSRF Live.

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, thank you for having me.

[SPEAKER_14]
So, Tracy,
You've had this incredible journey, starting with your son developing autism.
Can you give us some background?
When did you first realize, was it after receiving one of those early childhood vaccines?

[SPEAKER_15]
The safe and effective ones.

[SPEAKER_01]
No, I had a reaction to every time I took him in for a well, maybe visit, but that one year visit where he received and for.
And within 24 hours, he got measles and had a fever for about a week.
And the only thing that the pediatrician could tell me was that it was all normal.

[SPEAKER_15]
And hang on, hang on.
So it's normal to get measles after doing the measles, after getting the measles vaccine.
Is that basically what the doctor said?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yes.
But she's normal.
Okay.
It was an allergic reaction.
I had pictures of it.
And as I showed, you know, another doctor down, down the road said that that's measles.
So, um, that, you know, she told me something totally different.
So I,
I believed her and, you know, I.

[SPEAKER_15]
You believe that it was a normal reaction?
Yeah, we're being gaslit here.
OK, so.

[SPEAKER_01]
And to my knowledge, I don't think there's a warning label, I think, on measles that you are not to receive a Bercela vaccine with measles.
It's either measles or mumps.
But there is actually a warning label, you're not to reseed them together.
So he did reseed them together.
And to my knowledge, it's quite, it's not rare that children get those together.
It happens quite often.

[SPEAKER_15]
So- Yeah, in fact, isn't there a vaccine that the MMRV, right?
That has the whole shebang.
And you had the MMR and the varicella.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yes, so he met all his milestones and then after that, he lost all his speech.
He did have baby signs.
He lost that as well.
He lost motor skills and cognitive function.

[SPEAKER_15]
Immediately, like within 24 hours after the vaccine?

[SPEAKER_01]
No, no, no.
It was over like a three to six month period.

[SPEAKER_15]
But did you notice the change immediately after you probably had the vaccines?
He had a fever, you gave him Tylenol, and now you have an autistic kid.
Is that how it works?

[SPEAKER_01]
You have Tylenol.
That's funny.
You open up the blood-brain barrier, just allow access to all the time.

[SPEAKER_15]
Is that how it went for you?

[SPEAKER_01]
Probably.
To me, I vaguely remember, so I didn't take notes.
Unfortunately, so I can just, you know, kind of how the how things went because I remember going in to see Noah's pediatrician after and asking, why is my son regressing?
Why is he losing his motor skills and all his speech?

[SPEAKER_15]
And how long after he got the shot?
Did you go back to the pediatrician to ask that question?

[SPEAKER_01]
So I was at the pediatrician quite often.
My son was an ear infection baby.

[SPEAKER_15]
Only happens if you got lots of vaccines, by the way.

[SPEAKER_01]
So almost monthly, Noah was in the pediatrician.
I could probably say about three to six months later, I asked, why is my son regressing?
And she also told me that was normal.

[SPEAKER_15]
Perfectly normal.
There you go.
How many years ago is this Tracy?

[SPEAKER_01]
Normal for them to regress and then progress.

[SPEAKER_15]
Well, it just tells you that it's normal for people to become autistic after getting a vaccine.
How quickly did you realize that your son was not normal after he received the shot?
Like was it within 24 hours that you knew something was off or did it take longer?

[SPEAKER_01]
So I knew within six months something was wrong, but I trusted my pediatrician.
So it took me two and a half years to actually find out what was actually wrong with them.
And thank God for one of those amazing doctors that's on this call, Dr. Joshua Burka, who led me in the right direction.
He was my naturopath at the time.

[SPEAKER_15]
So, but I'm just curious when you saw first signs that something was amiss that while this is weird, like, or did you not notice because it was so subtle.

[SPEAKER_01]
Within a couple months he just started screaming at me it went from.
It didn't go from overnight losing his language completely.
It went from mama, dada to ma, duh.
And then, you know, it just, his speech.

[SPEAKER_15]
So it happened slowly.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
So it was a, it was a slow progression.

[SPEAKER_15]
Perfectly normal, apparently.
which is just a stunning admission of these vaccines are causing autism in so many kids.
And the medical community is completely normalizing and saying, oh, that's perfectly normal.
And they don't realize that, yeah, it's perfectly normal for you.
You're giving a vaccine and causing autism.
But the pediatricians never seem to catch on.
Did you ever go back to your pediatrician and say, hey, my kid got autism.
It's from the shots.
I've talked to other moms and blah, blah, blah.
Do you ever try to red pill your pediatrician?
And what happened?
Did they kick you out of the practice?

[SPEAKER_01]
No, I didn't.
I didn't try to red pill my pediatrician.
I chewed my pediatrician out because she went back after when he was three years old.
I asked her, is it possible my son could have autism?
And she just outright said, no, he just needs speech.
So I ruled it out.
And then when, so a few months later, when I found out that he did have autism, she documented in his records, two different times that she recommended we have him evaluated for autism.
So I called up and I talked to her assistant and I said, well, she can either call me or she's gonna have, be served with papers.
I said, so she did and,
I literally chewed her out for about 45 minutes.
And I said, you know what, this isn't the first child that's going to be, you know, in your office and a parent asking you if it's a possibility they could have autism.
And I said, for you to just blow me off and not recommend that I see a clinical psychologist or anything.
She saw him spinning her stethoscope and said, no, that's,
children with autism don't do they don't they don't do like it was like play like they don't play with toys or whatever.
And I said, well, that's repetitive play.
It's just he does these things.
It's round and round and round and round and round.
And so she was telling me that that was normal and that he just needed speech.
So then I just signed him up to get speech that wasn't working because all he was doing was screaming at them.
And honestly, it wasn't until God sent me angels, and Dr. Berkert just happened to be one of those, that the day that I found out that Noah did have autism, and I had to go through the school district because Harbor Regional Center lost my paperwork.
Two preschools told me they couldn't care for my kid because he had autism, or because he had special needs.
They didn't see autism.
And so I went through the school district, had him evaluated.
And from there, I took that report and went back to the regional center where he was formally evaluated.
But that took me, you know, here's the journey.
And then by then he was three and a half years old.
So thank God for Dr. Burka because I saw him in the hallway.
He saw me crying.
I, you know, he asked what was wrong.
And I told him, I said, well, Noah was diagnosed with autism.
And he said, Noah's going to be fine.
He said, I need you to go home and start doing your homework.
He said, because kids with autism are making great strides with biomedical intervention.
And, you know, he explained to me that he didn't have enough knowledge about it to treat Noah, but he did assist me in finding the right doctor for Noah.
So I say, God sent me an angel.
Thank you, Dr. Burka.
Um, and from there, I, that was my crossroad.
I could wallow in my own self pity.
I could cry.
What was me and you know, my kids got autism or I could suck the tears back up into my eyes.
And I did, and I went home and I got to work back then in 2008, you could Google healing autism and you can get lots of great information.
Now you can't get anything.
Um, so I say, pick up a book and read it.
You know, you spoke to Dr. Hooker earlier.
He's got some great books.
I wrote a guidebook, you know, for families who have questions, you know, want to be inspired by a great story of a family losing everything, but I still found ways to pay for Noah's treatments.
And, you know, a basic protocol that we followed.
And one is just, you know, cleaning out the gut, which is
which is why I absolutely love what Dr. Sabine Hazan is doing.
She focuses on the gut because there's, you know, that is where it all starts.
You can't, you can't start, you know, throwing all these different treatments and therapies on it if you haven't addressed the gut.
So I did all this and just by doing a, you know, no gluten, no dairy, soy, sugar, Noah just started to string words together.
You know, color came back into his face.
He started, you know, playing more and communicating more and did we have to do other stuff.
Yes.
But now he's 19 years old and You know, he functions all on his own.
He takes care of himself.
He drives.
He works.
I, you know, he doesn't go to college anymore, but I'm kind of happy about that because we're in California.
So, but he travels on his own.
He does everything I wanted him to do.
So, to me, I got him to a fully functioning state by addressing those underlying conditions.
and getting the toxins out, removing as many environmental toxins from my home.
And that's why I created the conference, because I truly wanted people to, one, be able to connect with these doctors, the doctors that are changing lives, not just for individuals with autism, but everyone's got an underlying condition these days, especially gut issues.
Renewal therapy doing, you know, finding the right supplements, the right doctors to treat those underlying conditions.
But you have to know what's going on.
You can't just run blind, you know, get a good comprehensive stool test.
Make sure you check and see what your heavy metals are.
Um, all those things, but, you know, there's so much that we did that we did for Noah, but nobody could tell me no.
When Dr. Berka told me that Noah was going to be fine, I set a clear intention.
My son was going to live a normal life and that is exactly what he does.

[SPEAKER_15]
Congratulations.
So in treating your son, you didn't take a kind of like one-size-fits-all approach that, okay, if I give him this, this, this, this, it's all about looking at what his particular conditions are, what he's suffering from and what he's doing and what his medical tests show, and then tailoring the treatment to the individual.
Is that correct?

[SPEAKER_01]
Correct.
I mean, regardless, I immediately started an anti-inflammatory diet approach.
And that's when Noah started to talk.
And that was before I even had all those tests results back.
So I always say, you know, it's not going to hurt.
And Noah was so full of yeast from all those antibiotics from ear infections.
So.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah.
And so is your treatment protocol is all documented in your book or how it is.

[SPEAKER_01]
I went through it with my doctor and I asked her exactly what we did for Noah.
We did do some homeopathy.
We a lot of testing for heavy metals.
doing fecal testing, testing for any type of dysbiosis, you know, Candida, bacteria in the gut, parasites, you know, testing the blood for everything, genetic testing.

[SPEAKER_15]
How did you heal the gut?
Just out of curiosity, since you mentioned that.

[SPEAKER_01]
Real food.

[SPEAKER_15]
Real food.

[SPEAKER_01]
Oh my God.

[SPEAKER_15]
Do they allow you to do that in America today?
So considered to be unhealthy.

[SPEAKER_01]
It was all food.
And I don't even know how popular organic food was back then, but it was, you know, I cooked at home every day.
At least for a solid year, we did not have sugar, no sugar, no gluten, no dairy, no soy, no sugar, no bananas.
Oh, so I don't put fruit in the category of refined sugars and carbohydrates.
So I, I believe that for license differently than processed sugars.
So we did do minimal fruit and we did like berries.
We do a little bit of bananas, but not much.
And back then, my doctor had actually told me no fruit.
And I'm like, you've got to get your antioxidants from fruit.
I've just, God put it on this earth.
And I just took a wild punch.
He did OK with it.

[SPEAKER_15]
OK, last question, because I see Livia's coming on the screen to bring on some more guests.
But last question is, have you ever tried to warn other parents in person
You know one on one to say hey don't let this happen to your kid because I know I have a situation in my family where I have some family members relatives that.
are gung-ho to vaccinate their kids and stick every vaccine possible to protect their kid.
And if you try to bring it up to people, it's like they're never going to talk to you again, and I'm going to get chewed up by my wife and all this.
So it's like you want to save the child, but on the other hand, it's like you're in this position where people are so ingrained that there's just no way to reach them.
So have you been able to talk to any other parents in person and move them to where you are now by sharing your story?

[SPEAKER_01]
All day, everything.
I will talk to any parent.
If you can ask any of my friends or anybody who knows me, I have no filters.
So I went out to dinner with my friend Susie, and a pregnant woman was our waitress.
And I said, are you open to some really loving feedback?
And she said, yeah, I said, please don't vaccinate.
I said, I'm begging you from a mom who has a vaccine injured child and another mom who was sitting with me that has a severely vaccine injured child.
Please don't do it.
And she said, wow, that's crazy because, you know, my husband was like, no, don't do it.
And she's like, my pediatrician was telling me I had to and.
And, but no, you know what I do?
I carry my books, Steve.
I keep my books on me.
And if I see a new parent, I don't have to say anything.
I say, you know what?
I wrote this book.
I was wondering then if I signed and gave it to you, would you possibly read it if you knew that someday it might save your child's life?
I haven't had anyone tell me no yet.

[SPEAKER_15]
So- That's a great way to avoid the topic.

[SPEAKER_01]
Right, but I have no problem discussing the topic.
I'm a very loving state.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, no, that's great.

[SPEAKER_01]
You plant the seed, you leave it, you let it grow.
If they don't want to hear it, I don't really get into the debate of it.
I just don't.
Everyone's on a perfect journey, unfortunately.

[SPEAKER_14]
I want to bring on our next guest, Dr. Sabine Hazan.
Welcome, Dr. Hazan, to VSRF Live.
How are you this evening?
Oh, you're muted.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, I'm doing good.
I'm doing good.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_14]
I'm going to read your bio real quick here.
Dr. Sabin Hazan is a renowned gastroenterologist, researcher, and expert in the gut microbiome.
As the founder of Progena Biome, she has dedicated her career to studying the connection between gut health and disease with a special focus on autism, COVID-19, and digestive disorders.
She has been a trailblazer in clinical research, advocating for personalized medicine, and the power of the gut in shaping immunity
and neurological function.
Again, welcome to VSRF Live.
And I think it's a good time to bring you on talking about real food to help cure these chronic illnesses, we'll call it, including autism.

[SPEAKER_12]
Well, and Tracy's perfectly right.
I mean, that's one of the things that I emphasize.
It's not only real foods, but it's also whatever you put in your body.
So it could be a vitamin, it could be
you know, a cream that you're putting topically, it could be a piece of steak or a piece of hamburger.
All that has the potential of harming your gut if it's not done properly.
Imagine the, you know, hamburger that's basically from a cow that's gotten a ton of antibiotics, right, to make it fatter.
And you're eating that and that kid essentially destroys his microbiome with that.
Imagine a cream that has been contaminated with something.
Imagine a vitamin that has arsenic in it or some heavy metals, right?
So it's really everything you have to pay attention of everything you're putting in your body, from topical to nasal spray to foods to pills to everything.
So I think that's the biggest
Lesson that I've learned from cobit is there's so many things out there that we have no idea what it's doing to the microbiome.
And also, there's so many labels that are misleading the consumer, you know, think about the probiotic that says probiotic, but that has been through bacteria behind the label and doesn't even have it.
Right.
So that's the problem.

[SPEAKER_15]
I guess I'm on.

[SPEAKER_05]
You're on, Steve.

[SPEAKER_15]
OK, I wasn't sure whether Olivia wanted to ask another question.
Do you know Andrew Wakefield?
Do you know him personally?

[SPEAKER_12]
Oh, very well.

[SPEAKER_15]
Good friend.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yes, so I actually went to one of the showing of his movie and got to meet him.

[SPEAKER_15]
Protocol 7 or?

[SPEAKER_12]
Protocol 7, yes, yes.
Yes, and, and, you know, great guy.
Was on it, you know, when he said.
And after I met him, I kind of went back because everybody would compare my work to his work.
Right?
And here we are both gastroenterologists.
And I went back after I met him and I basically looked at one interview that he said, and he said, you know, these moms are all saying the same thing.
These moms are not crazy.
And that's what I used to say, because that's what happened to me is I kind of like landed with.
So I was doing the microbiome.
I had improved Alzheimer's with fecal transplant in one patient.
And I asked the question, how did that happen?
What did I do?
And I went to see Dr. Sidney Feingold, who basically started the whole idea of the brain gut with autism.
And he said, I'm telling he told me fecal transplant was going to be the future on that.
And then talking to Tom Baroti, myself, and Tom, when I started my genetic sequencing lab, Dr. Baroti, who was the father of fecal transplant, said, you're gonna be bombarded with kids with autism.
And I said, I don't see kids.
And that week that I opened my lab, I had my first kid with autism, who was 17 at the time, came in banging his head on the wall.
And the family said to me,
one of the parents had to stay up all night to watch the kid because they were afraid he would just pick up a toilet, break it, run out of the house.
So that family was basically not sleeping.
There was always one parent that was always up.
And I fell for that.
I said, my God, like those poor parents, like there's no
There's no life for them, right?
And then when you look at the moms, these moms, by the way, are warrior moms.
You know, they are strong.
They are tough.
They are holding their kids.
They are
they will not take a no for an answer.
They will do everything in their power.
And I've dealt with a lot.
So from that first kid, that was my first protocol that I submitted to the FDA to do fecal transplant on that first kid.
Fecal transplant, as you know, taking stools from a healthy donor and putting it into the unhealthy kid.
And what happened was from there, I started seeing, I started wanting to analyze the microbiome and started seeing a lot of kids
And I developed a questionnaire, which was a standardized questionnaire, which was age of the kid, was the baby delivered vaginal or C-section?
Because I wanted to know, was the vaginal the problem?
Was the C-section the problem?
What vaccines did the kid get?
What age was the kid started to have autism?
And what age was he diagnosed, he or she was diagnosed?
And inevitably,
90% of these moms would say, my kid got the MMR and then stopped talking or my kid got the MMR and started looking at the fan spinning.
And like, you know, Dr. Wakefield, I said to myself the same thing.
And without having met Dr. Wakefield, I basically said, how could all these moms say the same thing?
I mean, like we're talking,
moms in Italy, moms in France, you know, cause I was doing microbiome analysis, Saudi Arabia, even, you know, how do all these moms say the same exact story?
And then as I started looking into the microbiome, it just kind of like, you know, put it all together for me.
And then COVID, you know, the main reason that I stepped into COVID was to understand autism, believe it or not.
I stepped in because I said, this is a great opportunity to see, and if you'll remember my study, Steve, we did the study looking at the microbiome before and after in vaccinated doctors, right?
Doctors, we took their stool sample at baseline.
And then after the vaccine, a month later, we said, can we retest your stools?
And we saw a drop in the bifidobacteria, this important microbe.
This whole stepping into COVID was really to try to understand autism better.
And I knew, I knew I could count on my warrior moms.
I used to go on spaces when they would sell the vaccine and I would say, there's no way you're gonna vaccinate all these kids.
There's no way.
There's thousands of warrior moms like Tracy out there that I know for a fact
will not vaccinate their kids.
But more importantly, let me just re-emphasize.
These moms are tough.
I mean, I deal with them.
I, you know, I'm very, you know, I try to work different protocols.
They come at you with A, B, C, like a hundred articles.
You have to be prepared.
And they're persistent.
If they want you to do something, they will come at you over and over again.
So, you know, my heart goes out to them and I stepped in to be their voice because I realized somebody needs to be listening to these moms.

[SPEAKER_01]
Listen, we had to get our PhD overnight to learn how to heal our children.

[SPEAKER_12]
And I did agree, you became the doctor and the PhD.

[SPEAKER_01]
I started reading medical books, going to conferences.
I know.
Reading all kinds of books.

[SPEAKER_15]
So is a fecal transplant, is that something that has helped to cure kids with autism or helped make a huge difference if you do something like that?
And what does a fecal transplant cost and how long does it take?
Because since most people have not had one, including me, but have heard about it, I'm really curious.
How long does the process take?
How much does it cost?
And does it work to make a difference in autism?

[SPEAKER_12]
So first off, it's not a question of cost.
It's a question of feasibility to do it.
The FDA considers stools a biologic.
And rightfully so, because those are microbes, right?
Microbes, the microbiome, stools is the microbiome.
So if you're playing with microbes, and we have had some cases, a couple cases of
where people played with stools and put it in and they died because there were some toxic bacteria in there.
So the FDA rightfully so is regulating this, okay?
The FDA says if your kid or an adult has C. diff and recurring C. diff, which is part of the guideline of the American College of Gastro,
then you can do fecal transplant.
So if you have C. diff, you have open, you could do fecal transplant.
Now pre-COVID, you could do fecal transplant using mom's stools, grandma, the grandchild, the brother, anybody, as long as you tested for a bunch of key microbes.
It just happens that during COVID and after COVID, there's a pharma product that came out on
A capsule is basically a poop capsule.
That's a pharmaceutical product.
And since then, most doctors feel like more comfortable using the poop product from pharma than going through all the testing of the stools of grandchild's poop, for example.
If you want to do fecal transplant for autism, you have to basically submit what's called an ID to the FDA.
Like, like, if you're testing for a new drug, five, six years ago, when we or seven years ago, when we submitted our first ID, that kid that was banging his head on the wall.
That was easier, but then COVID came in and we were put on hold because the FDA said, well, COVID is in the stools, therefore, what if it's in the stools, et cetera?
So that became my focus at the beginning of the pandemic, if you'll remember, to look at- Oh, I remember.
Yeah, in March, 2020, I was collecting stools from everyone because- Including me.
Yeah, including you.
I needed to develop an assay
to show there's no COVID in the stools and therefore my patient is safe to do a fecal transplant, right?
When we tried to put that assay into, you know, becoming a reality and never became a reality.
So three years later, the FDA says, okay, Dr. Yezen, you could use the sister's microbiome for the brother.
And we did, and the kid basically went from being aggressive, banging his head,
to calm, saying words, mama, baba.
But to get back to your answer of what the cost was, it was over $300,000 for one kid to submit paperwork through the regulatory, through the FDA.
These were- That's insane.
Insane.
So how INDs are you gonna, so.

[SPEAKER_15]
So how long does the procedure take?

[SPEAKER_12]
Uh, well, the itself that's you pay for the colonoscopy, you pay for the surgical center.
That's not the big expense.

[SPEAKER_15]
No, no, no, no.
I'm just asking how long does the procedure take the whole about an hour.
About an hour.
Okay.
And so it's like having a colonoscopy essentially.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, it's a colonoscopy, you take some stools, you make sure they're clean, you test them properly, and then you implant them via colonoscopy, okay?

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, but you don't have to do all the prep like you do for a colonoscopy, right?

[SPEAKER_12]
No, you have to do the prep.
We actually clean the colon, we clean the biofilm.
Oh, wow, okay.
We even give antibiotics, we give antibiotics for a week before to clean everything, to basically take out the whole microbiome so we start fresh again.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, I thought it was like a one and done, but it seems a little bit more complicated, but three hundred thousand dollars.
That's outrageous.

[SPEAKER_12]
Well, the writers alone for regulatory are four hundred dollars an hour.
So now the FDA.
So we said, well, OK, we spent that much money.
We're going to do 30 kids.
That's going to be easier.
We are still it's been five years.
That protocol is still not approved.
And I've spent over four hundred thousand dollars, by the way, of my savings, okay, of the money that we raised from the foundation, the money we, you know, we saved from like the clinic practice, everything I've done, I've just put into my research.
I've yet to make a salary in like, since I started this.
So, so everything we put and we still don't have that.
That protocol approved by the FDA for 30 kids.
And so I have to and by the way, here's the here's what they said.
They said.
We need an IRB to approve it regulatory board.
Okay.
So I said, okay, that should be no problem.
Well, no IRB wants to approve it unless the FDA approves it.
So for 2 years, I was.
And then here's the other thing they put me on hold.
So they're like, Dr. Hazen, your protocol is on hold.
Can you get rid of it?
Can we stop this protocol?
No, I'm still trying to find an IRB.
We're not stopping this protocol.
So it's still on hold.
But I finally found after like 12 IRBs and every time you submit a protocol to the IRB, by the way, it's $10,000.
Bam.
So, you know,
So I finally found one that approved it.
We got the consent that we're going to go back to the FDA and hopefully they'll approve it.
In the meantime, you know, there is data coming.
Thank God for Dr. Adams, who basically, you know, is doing a pharma product for, for kids with autism.
So, but you know, pharma product is one thing, but what if familial is better?
Shouldn't we know?
Shouldn't, why are we stopping that?
What if there's a neurotypical,
kid in the family that's perfect and we're giving the stools and the genetics because remember there's genes there's dna in poop it's not just poop it's not just your composed food so how successful do you think this will be in terms of uh kids with autism do you think like this is the the huge magic bullet uh here or do you think this is like you know one of 10 10 things that you can do i think it's one of the greatest bullets
I think it's one.
I think autism, the way I like to look at it now is it's either a genetic component.
It's either a colonic mucosa component, like an inflammatory bowel disease process.
It's either a neurological primary or it's a gut primary or it's the connection between the brain and the gut.
So what I do with my kids with autism, when they come to me now, I try to stratify, I try to look at their microbiome.
So one of the big things that we discovered with autism, which was actually thanks to the data and the studies I did on COVID, looking at COVID, looking at severe COVID patients, realizing that severe COVID patients had zero bifidobacteria and people that were exposed to COVID
And never got coven had a lot of Bifida bacteria.
So Bifida bacteria, this trillion dollar industry of probiotics became my focus.
Right?
And when you look at kids with autism, the majority of them have loss of Bifida bacteria.
Now, if you're lucky, and you basically intercept the kid early and you.
work on improving the bifida bacteria, right?
Kind of what Tracy did, real food, making sure everything they're taking, then that kid can survive, can be fine and progress beautifully.
If you're not, then you have to go to fecal transplant, and then there's other ways, obviously, of treatment for us.

[SPEAKER_15]
So why is it that you can't just take a magic pill called the Sabine-Hazan Bifidobacteria Pill, and you take that three times a day with food?
Why isn't it that simple?
What causes this to be a difficult problem to solve?
It would seem like, you know, with all the technology that we have, that this would be easy.
You take the bifidobacteria, you put it in a can, you drink the can, and bam.
Like, why doesn't that work?
Why do you have to...

[SPEAKER_01]
It's like, how much time do you have?

[SPEAKER_15]
You have to do it in like two minutes here because we need to move on, but what's the.

[SPEAKER_12]
I will be the first one to develop it and sell it to everybody and we'd be done.
We wouldn't even have this discussion.

[SPEAKER_15]
I would co invest with you on that.

[SPEAKER_12]
You know, unfortunately, there is no magic pill because here's the problem.
They're all different.
All these kids are different.
Some kids will have a bacteria called clostridium perfringens as the cause and therefore you have to kill that bacteria, then change the microbiome.
Some kids will have bacteroides plebius as a cause.
Some kids will have the sulfavibrio as a cause.
You really have to fine tune, even within the microbiome dysbiosis, they're all different.
But you have to kill the bug first that's causing the problem.
It could be a parasite.
It could be, you know, an overgrowth of fungus.
It could be metals, you know, like Tracy said.
So you have to kind of figure out the problem first, then restore the gut.
But here's the problem.
In some kids, it's a brain that's primary.
And therefore, that's a different treatment, right?
And in other kids, it's a genetic condition.
That's a different treatment.
In other kids, it's a colonic mucosa problem.
So you have to kind of go step by step.
But we're at the beginning of all this.
We're trying to push the data.
First, we got to make sure and stop whatever's killing the microbiome of these kids.
Because remember, like I said earlier on,
If you try to improve the microbiome, and I give you the haze until, unfortunately, if I'm giving you arsenic on another hand, while you've just killed the haze and bill.
Right?
So it's not that simple.
And it's the beginning, but it's a beginning that cannot be interfered with.
So in other words, if moms feel that their kids got the MMR and the MMR did something, and by the way, I just wanna remind everyone, the MMR is a live virus, right?
When I was a resident in Jackson Memorial Hospital in medicine, and we were at the peak of HIV,
The biggest contraindication was the MMR in HIV population and immunosuppressed.
If they had a low CD4 count, you didn't give the MMR because these kids were immunosuppressed.
How many pediatricians are actually checking the CD4 count of these kids?
To begin with, let's start with that, right?
So I think we need guidelines that basically, and precautions that need to be set up to say, look,
We need to analyze the kids first better.
You know, this new well visit of checking the weight and the height, it just doesn't work.
We need to check the vitamin D level of the newborn.
We need to check of the baby.
We need to make sure the baby, you know, has a good immunity.
They don't do blood work.
They go straight to the vaccine before even testing.

[SPEAKER_15]
Safe and effective.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, so, you know, I think that's the number one we need specific guidelines to say this is a population.
I would not touch with a live virus because here's what happens in my humble opinion.
I think the live virus goes into the blood vessel.
Travels the blood vessel.
Remember it's live.
Okay.
travels the blood vessel, blood vessel travels to the gut, enters the gut, and at that point probably kills the bifidobacteria, which is what we're seeing in these kids with autism.
So it creates a bifidophage because that's what viruses do.
They kill bacteria.
And some kids, they bounce back and they're fine, but some kids don't bounce back.
And it's usually the kid that got an ear infection right after the vaccine
and then got antibiotics on top of it.
So now you're like killing the BIF and you're continuing to kill the BIF.

[SPEAKER_01]
And now the ear infections after.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah.
And that's, that's the reality for a lot of these moms.
Now, if the mom did breastfeeding, if the mom gave vitamins, you know, if the mom did a lot of things, you know, with the period of the vaccine or separated, even the vaccines, then these kids did fine with the MMR.
But,
Not everybody knows and definitely there's no guidance to parents and there should be at the very least.

[SPEAKER_14]
Absolutely.
Okay, I'm going to open up the discussion further and bring on the rest of our doctors who have been patiently waiting backstage and welcome all of you to VSRF Live.
I'm going to go through one at a time and just read your bios and then we can open up the floor even further.
And I'm going to start with Dr. Nikesh Jasani.
Dr. Dasani is a distinguished clinical oncologist at Texas Oncology Cyprus Cancer Center in Houston, Texas.
With over 15 years of experience in oncology, board certified in internal medicine and oncology, Dr. Dasani is actively involved in cancer research, mentorship, and community outreach.
In addition to his oncology work, he is dedicated to developing innovative therapies for children with autism.
furthering his commitment to advancing medical treatments and improving patient outcomes.
Next, we have Dr. Nimesh Patel.
Dr. Patel is a board certified internal medicine physician dedicated to advancing patient care through innovative treatments.
With a passion for integrative medicine, he is researching groundbreaking therapies to support individuals with autism.
He combines his expertise with internal medicine with a commitment to finding effective solutions for complex health challenges.
Dr. Dayan Goodnow.
Dr. Goodnow is a renowned PhD neuroscientist, biochemist, synthetic organ chemist, inventor, and clinical research expert.
His extensive research has revealed key biochemical markers for over 20 diseases.
ranging from autism to dementia and cancer and provided groundbreaking insights into early mortality and disease prodromes.
His research continues to shape the future of disease prevention and personalized medicine.
And finally, we have Dr. Joshua Burka, a double board certified naturopathic doctor
and acupuncturist, as well as a certified functional medicine practitioner.
Dr. Burka specializes in integrative, preventive, functional, and regenerative medicine, focusing on personalized, patient-centered care.
He is particularly passionate about working with patients on the autism spectrum, utilizing advanced therapies to improve outcomes and quality of life.
He has been a consultant in the med tech space for the past 15 years and currently supports BEMER Group USA, contributing to breakthroughs in patient care.
Welcome all of you and thank you for being here this evening.

[SPEAKER_16]
Thanks for having me.

[SPEAKER_14]
Steve and Tracy, I'm going to let you guys take over the conversation.
I'm going to duck into the background and take it away.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah.
Uh, Olivia, you have a duplicate, uh, uh, name tags on Dr.
Uh, just Sonny.
Okay.
I'll fix that.
I'll fix that right now.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, I'll fix that.
Thank you so much.

[SPEAKER_15]
Okay, well, gentlemen, welcome to the show.
I'm not sure who to start with because I have like four choices.
I feel like playing Hollywood Squares or something.
Is anyone anxious to start off and comment on what you've heard and either confirm or deny or suggest something of unique value to add to the conversation?

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah, I can I can briefly start up like, uh, they stated I'm a practicing internist for 20 years.
Passionate about chronic care, but you hit a wall when you practice and you realize.
Am I doing the right thing for my patients?
You know, you see poly pharmacy, you see chronic disease, you see a lot of inflammatory.
Changes that are occurring in the health spectrum and that frustrated me and it actually hit home to me because my mom suffers from Parkinson's.
So I did this due diligence and took a step back in my practice to better understand what alternative therapies are there?
What things are we not being taught in med school from a preventive standpoint that we can educate our patients on that would actually improve longevity, quality of life and everything else?
partly where I realized if you get down to the cellular level and you understand that everything is rooted at the cell and we have 4 trillion plus cells circulating through our bodies.
And we realize inflammatory changes, myocardial dysfunction and immunomodular changes that occur at that cellular level is often leading to a lot of these problems, be it autism, be it Alzheimer's, be it Parkinson's that my mom suffers from.
And there are other treatments and modalities out there that aren't spoken, and they're put on a back burner, which is really frustrating for practicing physicians.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, that's really the key point, actually, Dr. Patel, because that's kind of really what got me into this as well, is that virtually every doctor, practicing doctor, we have roughly 3,000 doctors in our network now, and they're all like yourself.
They've gone through the regular mechanisms, and they dig into things, and they realize, well, there's a whole bunch of stuff that I haven't been taught.
And there's a whole bunch of technology that actually are validated, but I don't actually don't even have access to them.
And so one of my pet peeves is I'm a research scientist, right?
So I come at it from an invention perspective, over 30 years of this, been 20 years, my first patent in autism is 20 years old, diagnosing autism, autistic children, their non-infected siblings.
This is long, long, long before the COVID thing.
And the technology we did with these advanced biochemistry was gain-of-function genomics, loss-of-function genomics.
So this whole concept of this vaccine was a disaster from the very, very beginning.
Just putting the glyphosate protein into plants, we know how this works.
This is not complicated.
It's very established science.
And so for me personally, for doctors like you, is what really give me the passion because we do these diagnostic tests, cancer, we do large clinical trials in dementia, autism, and so on.
And then these tools don't become available for people.
Okay.
And so one of my passions over at some point in time, you kind of have to say, just like you do, and say, I got to basically break the mold here and start really rolling up your sleeves.
And at some point, it's not someone else's job, it's our job.
And that's the problem with the medicine is it's like, oh, someone else is going to do that.
I do my job and someone else does their job, right?
And at some point in time, we have to say, it's no, it's our job, which is why we're all here today doing conferences like Tracy has, and like they are with their son Noah.
And we do a lot of work with rare diseases in children like RCTP, leukodystrophies.
And those are all exactly PhD moms, right?
Because they get told, or get ALS patients, they get just tossed to the
to the curb, fundamentally get tossed to the curb, because no one wants to touch them.
You're just too much of a pain.
And so we've got these really passionate doctors.
And I think it's great.
We go at both avenues.
I think, personally, I think sometimes we get focused on the negatives.
We try to remove all the negatives in life, thinking that we just kind of have a miraculous positive recurrence.
And so I look at autism in much more simplistic terms, like when Noah is a neurodevelopmental challenge, right?
He was developing normally, and he lost his development.
caused by the vaccine, caused by the inflammation caused by the vaccine.
But the net result is his normal developmental path was disrupted.
It was knocked off its trajectory.
And hopefully, if you get rid of the negatives, he jumped back on, which he did.
But it wasn't just getting rid of the negatives.
It was all the positive things you put into his life as well, right?
And so we focused a lot on bringing those positives in.
And we look at the neurological side, and I'll give up my time for other

[SPEAKER_15]
So what has worked the best for you for treating autism?

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, restoring the myelination.
So 100% of autistic children, it's a neurodevelopmental disease of impaired myelination caused by inflammation.
So there's many, many paths, right?
COVID didn't cause or create the first autistic child in the planet, right?
It certainly created more of them.
But the pathway to autism has been well established for 100 years now.
And so the point is, is some insult happened to a child, whether it's an MMR, whether it's a flu, whether it's a slight concussion of their head, something happened that created inflammation in the brain and that child was not able to resolve it.
And that inflammation in the brain disrupted their ability to properly develop the brain.
And when we're born, we're born with no white matter.
We're born with no myelination.
We're born with bare wires.
Every time we learn something, we're myelinating an axon.
It's a massive metabolic demand as we go forward.
And perfect evidence is virtually every single
genetic disease, whether it's a mitochondrial defect, a leukodystrophy defect, every developmental disease will have autistic symptoms.
But if they can label it as a different disease, they say, well, it's not autism, it's X-linked ALD.
Oh, it's not autism, it's RCTP.
Oh, it's not autism, it's a mitochondrial defect disease.
Well, the symptoms are there, right?
And so clearly, anything that disrupts the normal development of a child
is going to be have autistic symptoms.
So we focus on restoring that function.
And to be honest with you, the biggest aha moment I had was when we look at these animal studies, that we treat animals with really bad toxins, like cuprazoa, for example, demyelinates, creates MS 100% of the time and 100% of animals.
But if we feed those animals proper nutrition and they can restore their myelination, you get complete
prevention of that process.
And so yes, yes, we have a lot of autism rates, maybe one in 20 now.
If you look at some of the stuff in Scotland, it's insane.
But that still means 19 out of 20 aren't getting kids, you know, where you get these mold-ridden schools where you see, well, these are these pockets of really high autism.
And we say, well, that's true.
Statistically, absolutely, something is happening there.
But clearly, some children can be exposed to really bad stuff.
and still survive.
So there's something inherent in human biochemistry.
There's something inherent that is there that we can actually improve resilience through this.
So clearly remove the negatives, but don't just focus on getting rid of all the negatives, because if you're successful there, all you get is a tie.
Like we have to add positives in to the environment.
And so that's what we focus on with the nutrition and getting things that the brain needs directly into it, both in the rare diseases and of course with autism.
So that's kind of our focus approach and bringing technology to all the doctors around here.

[SPEAKER_15]
Okay.
So, but what do you think the principle causes of autism are?
I've heard these stories.
I talked to a doctor recently.
She said she's seen 3,000 autism cases and only one was not vaccine related.

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, vaccines are clearly creating brain inflammation.
So fundamentally, it's activated microglia.
Anything that activates the microglia in the brain will ultimately exacerbate autism.
100% of autistic kids pre-COVID, post-COVID,
45 years old, 8 years old, 2 years old.
If you look at their brains, they have activated microglia, period.
Adults, all the brain fog and all the neurological diseases that adults are getting with COVID vaccines, all those adults, if you look at their post-mortem brains, activated microglia.
So activated microglia is this immune response that doesn't get turned off.
It exasperates multiple sclerosis.
It drives a progression rate in Parkinson's disease.
It drives a progression rate in Alzheimer's.
So anything, brain inflammation is bad all around.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_15]
And so is there, there's no way to measure that, right?
You can't like go in an MRI or a PET scan or CT or you can't, you can't measure it on MRI.
Like you can,

[SPEAKER_02]
Magnetic resonance spectroscopy, you can measure inflammation of the brain.
We have advanced MRI that can look at white matter disruptions.
Every single study that's ever studied autism will show white matter dysfunction.
Okay, 100% of the time, it's been, it's a cliche at this point in time.
And so that's clearly doable.
And the blood work,
Autistic children and adults have highly reproducible, I patented this in 2006, 100% diagnostic accuracy rate for autism, comparing kids and their non-affected siblings.
And I look at the entire family over the course of a year, clinical trials.
But that's the thing, it's actually out there, but no one uses it.

[SPEAKER_15]
So you can objectively diagnose autism through an MRI?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, absolutely.
Yeah.
So, and same thing in the blood work so all.

[SPEAKER_15]
You know, then why are they, why are they saying oh you know the reason that we have these more autism is because we're better at diagnosing them.
If there's an objective test that can be applied why, like, is it.
Is that test, like this is the first I've heard of this.

[SPEAKER_02]
It's difficult to get children into an MRI.
And the advanced MRI, so if you look at like a neurite orientation dispersion, like a NODI, the technology is a bit more advanced.
Magnetic resonance spectroscopy to measure metabolites in the brain.
This stuff is all published.
There's papers over papers of this thing.

[SPEAKER_15]
But what portion of the parents of autistic kids actually know about this?
Like everybody or nobody?
Very few.

[SPEAKER_01]
I mean, I had an MRI for Noah after he was diagnosed.
When he was diagnosed by clinical psychologists, which, you know, they pretty much was a three-day evaluation of going over everything, we confirmed it with a neurologist who did an MRI and said, yes, his MRI is, you know,
It's very similar of that of a child with autism.

[SPEAKER_15]
So, so, so here's, here's the million dollar question, which is if you inject a child with a vaccine and, um, and wait, how long do you have to wait until it shows up on the MRI?

[SPEAKER_02]
um as autistic based upon typical brain injury so even if you take a stroke for example if you take an occlusion like a stroke of the brain um that insult typically it takes seven to 30 days for that insult to really show up because what happens is the initial inflammation this is why concussions are so bad concussions and kids are another big passion of mine i think and athletes get get these return to play designations when their brain hasn't healed
so the inflammation gets triggered but initially the brain is handling it localized right and then that information kind of is like a forest fire kind of grows and grows and eventually gets to a certain point so you don't really see it till quite a bit that's why for noah it was like three to six months before you really start seeing these things okay but for a child who was there are many stories of a child who gets vaccinated and there's just an immediate very significant behavioral change

[SPEAKER_15]
Would you be able to detect that in an MRI immediately, just like the parent can detect a behavioral change?
Or do you have to wait for some amount of time before that could be seen objectively in an MRI?
Because this would be a pretty interesting way to do a study, which is to say, hey, let's say enroll parents who are about to vaccinate, and let's do an MRI on the child before.
The vaccine and let's do an mri on the child after the vaccine so we can establish causality.

[SPEAKER_02]
I mean this this that would be Pretty awesome, but you're basically just measuring inflammation Steve it's like so you're thinking because when you're when you're looking at diagnostics That's the other problem like with subpoena and everyone has is that if you want to label something so a Diagnostic has to have an outcome that you're associated with it actually symptomology so the question now is what symptoms of autism are you going to use as your
your one versus your zero and you're going to try to diagnose that across the board.
And so that the challenge for that is really and this is why confirming rather than being definitive.
And this is how they chase you.
This is how they chase you around a circle saying, well, you can't definitively say vaccines cause autism because there's all these other random variables that can come and play at the same time.
And and that's how they kind of chase you around in a circle.
Well, you don't believe that, right?
No, I think, but I think I don't think vaccines are the only cause of autism.
I think there's lots of causes of autism.
And so fundamentally anything that really disrupts that child's brain and causes him once the brain is like a castle, once it gets in, inflammation gets in, you kind of have to, it's like a Trojan horse.
You've got to fix it from the inside.
Like the body is pretty good at isolating the brain from the rest of the body.
Basically says, Hey, I don't trust you liver.
I'm going to basically take my own stuff and I'm going to make it myself.
But as soon as something bad gets into your head.
You're kind of stuck fighting it from the inside out and it sticks there for a long long period of time.

[SPEAKER_15]
Dr. Burka, we haven't heard from you.

[SPEAKER_11]
You know what, Dr. Sabin, Dr. Hasan brought up something very interesting, viruses target bacteria.
We have these beautiful little bacterial DNA organelles in our body or friends of ours called mitochondria.
For me, when I look at autism, I'm looking at the effect on mitochondrial bioenergetics, the ability to process transform energy, ATP.
And so when I look at this, you said it so nicely Dr. Hazan, this is targeting different bacteria, but for me,
these viral programs are actually targeting that density of tissue with the highest level or highest density of mitochondria and that starts with the neurology as Dr. Goodenau said and then when we look at the density of mitochondria I mean literally it's the brain, second it's the heart, third believe it or not it's the pancreas, fourth liver, kidneys and so we see this manifest symptomatology throughout these organs.
I have a my oldest son 32 year old
Son, he's not autistic, but he developed type one diabetes immediately after a vaccine many, many years ago.
Did it shut down the beta cells?
I believe it actually shut down through infiltrating the mitochondria.
And so for me, when I'm looking at the treatment or even identification is really looking at the function of energy transformation within the human body of these youngsters.
They should be able to do it very, very well.
And that's kind of my two cents as just listening, but there's so many approaches through the gut, through, I work with energy medicine using light, electricity, electromagnetic fields, and it's really the combination of all of these modalities that can help support, and you use the word cure, Steve, often.
I'm unsure if there's actually a way to cure rather than keep that individual functioning at a level where they're not symptomatic.
So that's just might be a better word.

[SPEAKER_01]
I have to agree.
So when people ask me, so I don't use the word here and have the book thrown at me, I say I addressed my son's underlying conditions to get him to a functioning state.
Is he cured?
No, he still has his challenges.
But, you know, he is fully functional.
And I believe that's like the main thing is to really get these kids to a function state, functional state.
But back in the day, Dr. Burka used to actually treat me and I had severe polycystic ovarian syndrome, endometriosis, and I was having surgery after surgery after surgery.
And he is like, all right, well, let's just start with the gut, do some laser work through everything, put the book at it.
And they would just go away because the doctor would be like, oh, we need to do surgery.
And I'm like, I'm tired of surgeries.
So, you know, Dr. Burka would work at it.
I would clean up my diet and then it would go away.
And I didn't have any problems until I started eating sugar again.

[SPEAKER_02]
That's a really important thing.
So Dr. Burke is 100% correct.
And so the mitochondrial, that's also the explanation for the three to one gender bias in autism, right?
Three times more boys than girls.
And also, Noah got all of his mitochondrial DNA from you, Tracy, right?
And so all the issues that you have, mitochondrial, have been passed down directly to Noah.
And so the mitochondrial dysfunction is the most reproducible observation in all autism cases.
And women,
are usually protected.
They got a crutch.
It's a powerful drug called beta estradiol, and it protects their mitochondria and allows them to survive under much higher levels of inflammation, which is why when a girl gets autism, it's a much more severe case.
And so why can't we use that to treat guys?
Is there some reason that we can't leverage that?
Well, because they grow boobs.

[SPEAKER_01]
Genetically, Noah and I are very much alike.
So and then I, you know, I was previous military as well.
And a lot of my health issues, fibromyalgia, chronic migraines, glaucoma, hearing loss, I mean, polycystic ovarian syndrome, endometriosis, all of it started after I joined the military.
I was pretty healthy.
I was very active.
I don't know if I ate right, but regardless, I shouldn't have been having all those health problems all at once in my early 20s.
And I did carry him.
I was his incubator.
And then we talk a little bit about, you know, what worked.
So I always say, start with the gut, right?
But all these doctors have a different specialty.
You know, I've used Beamer for now.
We've, you know, I've done supplementation and.
you know, another thing is stem cell therapy.
So Noah regained his motor skills when I took him to the Ukraine for stem cell therapy.
So this is why Dr. Jasani and Dr. Patel is because they are, you know, two experts in mesenchymal stem cell therapy that will be speaking at the upcoming conference.

[SPEAKER_15]
Good segue to Dr. Jasani, because I don't think we've heard from you yet.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, this was a lot of important things.
When you talk about mitochondrial bioenergetics, you talked about the microglia in the brain and the inflammation.
You know, as an oncologist, we treat a lot of patients that are severely ill. And unfortunately, we're catching them at the end.
And many of them, we hope to catch them early, but they already have the disease.
And over the last 20 to 30 years, I have just seen an astronomical rise in patients with chronic disease.
And we have the most modern technology in medicine, yet we are seeing epidemic levels of insulin resistance, obesity, autoimmune disease.
Why are patients in 40s and 50 years old on six, seven, eight medicines?
And what's your answer to that?
Well, what do you think is driving that?
You know, I think it's a combination of things.
I think if you look at from an evolutionary perspective, humans are agrarian people who should be in the sun, lifting, exercising, eating clean, nutrient dense foods.
I think we've made market progress because of sanitation and antibiotics baked in the early 1900s.
But with technology, we're not moving.
We're putting in completely processed foods, completely significant amounts of additives.
Everything has changed.
You are taking in vast amounts of processed foods and sugars.
It's all leading to mitochondrial damage.
You have circadian rhythms that are completely thrown off because of all the blue light and the lack of full spectrum light.
People aren't in the sun.
People aren't moving.
Exercise is the number one most important thing to improve longevity.
And you start to see chronic disease and yes, we can medicate once you're already ill, but unfortunately, you need to go back 1520 years in those people and start modifying their lifestyles so you can hopefully prevent 40% of them to enter the medical healthcare field so early.
And we can cure type 2 diabetes, right?
I mean, if we can make them lose the weight.
put them on protein-based diets and get them exercising, but yet we put them all on medicines and we don't advise them on the stuff that we should be doing, and we're not trained for it.
So we've had to relearn this, and Dr. Patel and I have spent the last probably 10, 15 years treating lots of chronically ill patients, but we have also a passion to try to see what can we do from lifestyle interventions, and that's where we started looking
the last few years into mesenchymal stem cells.
I went personally into it and did a very deep dive, spent eight to nine months.
I even went down to Panama to Neil Reardon's clinic.
A lot of the NFL players, professional athletes, Tony Robbins, lots of them have gone down there.
And there is a science behind it.
There's lots of data.
There is evidence-based trials that are done all around the world using mesenchymal myelococcal stem cells.
Right now, they're a wellness product, and it is very important on our end to make sure that they're safe before I can tell anyone to take it.
And that's what the data showed us, that they are safe.
Most importantly, it is your lab and it is your processing techniques.
And that is where, and it is the source of those cells.
We particularly feel that umbilical cord mesenchymal cells from the umbilical cord blood, which is what we're talking about, which is a product called renewal therapy, which is approximately 15 to 20 million mesenchymal stem cells in the product.
Given IV, we are seeing all types of improvements in all types of patients.
Very surprising to me.
I have not seen patients with this level of chronic disease, neurodegenerative conditions, gut conditions, autism.
come in and get something and they come back and tell me 85 to 90% of the time, this adjunct therapy helped me tremendously.
We don't tell people to leave their doctors.
We don't tell them to get off their biologics if they have autoimmune disease.
We know it's a safe product.
We know there's no downstream harm, but these patients are at the end of their rope.
They need relief.
They cannot be on steroids, and opiates, and biologics.
You also need to counsel them on the right nutrition, the right lifestyle, and the right exercise routines, and the sleep hygiene.
But you also can use adjuncts, such as this.
We have seen very strong results.
When you look at autism, and Dr. Goodenow talked about the microglia and the neuroinflammation, well, mesenchymal stem cells
Going to wherever there is an inflammatory micro environment that is the DNA and that is what they are coded for.
So wherever there's something called a cytokine gradient in the body, they will seek it out and get there when they get there, they can modulate that area.
They can drive down inflammatory cytokines.
They can almost cause what we call neuro homeostasis.
That means they can balance the brain's inflammation and they do this intrinsically.
That is why we have seen this and we've given this to now well over a thousand patients in the lab, well over 300,000 patients.
And we have seen all types of, it does not cure disease, but it does alter the natural history to improve their quality of life tremendously.
And it was because of these features of the stem cells.

[SPEAKER_15]
So for diabetes, for example, have people who have severe diabetes, they go down for an infusion and it takes an hour and then you go back?
Or what is the process?
And what kind of specific results have you had, say, on diabetes?

[SPEAKER_03]
And what would the time frame be?
If you come in as a diabetic, we're not going to tell you to take stem cells to cure your diabetes.
What I'm going to tell you is to get on a protein-based diet, cut your carbs, and start exercising, and then use this as a complement.
It will absolutely benefit arthritic conditions, neuropathy that is secondary to the diabetes.
We have seen patients with kidney failure come in, and they took the cells hoping their arthritis would get better, and their kidney doctor called us and said, look, my kidney function improved 30%.
It works tremendously well in arthritic conditions.
I've taken it for aging.
Lots of people come and take it for longevity and aging.
I've given it to my father-in-law who had a compression.

[SPEAKER_15]
So you're actually 75 years old and you look a fraction of that.
How much does the treatment cost?
And how long does it take to get, is it just like an infusion that takes an hour or what's the process?

[SPEAKER_03]
These are such clean products, it takes five minutes to give you that.
It's two cc, 15 to 20 million cells.
If you go down to Panama where they do it, they expand the cells.
So that's called a drug.
So that's why they had to move it down there and that is $30,000.
Here, renewal therapy is about $6,500.
And we have some patients who just one and done.
They don't need it again.

[SPEAKER_01]
And we're doing it at the conference.

[SPEAKER_15]
So it's just a shot in the arm or is it IV or what?

[SPEAKER_03]
It's an IV goes into the blood.
There are neurosurgeons using it as adjuncts.
There's orthopedic surgeons that we have using it.
We have functional doctors using it in their clinics.
And it is a complementary therapy, which we are seeing just tremendous amounts of benefits in people.
And some people with benefit, they'll come back.
We tell them, wait three months.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, I've never heard of this before.
It's not like my doctor is telling me about it.
Like most doctors don't know about it.

[SPEAKER_03]
No, it's an adjunct.
You can see the NFL guys.
They go in their off seasons and they receive them.
many of them, and there is a deep science behind mesenchymal stem cells, and that is because of these issues of going to where there's neuroinflammation, gut inflammation.
That is why we see benefit in people post-stroke.
They're doing trials now where they load the umbilical cord mesenchymal stem cells post-stroke.
put them into therapy and follow them, and randomize them both to people who get them, who don't.
Early rheumatoid, they're studying it now in Case Western, where they are loading the same amblycococcal mesenchymal stem cells.
We've seen Crohn's, all sort of colitis patients.
It doesn't cure them, but we have had marked improvement in their symptoms.
Autistic patients, many of them have neuroinflammation, microglial activation.
Stem cells know where to go based on that inflammatory microenvironment, and they adjust it.
and they immunomodulate it and they drive down the inflammation.
And then you start to see over time people's behaviors, cognition start to improve.
It doesn't cure the underlying process.
But because there is nothing that can improve them, you have to use things such as the nutrition, the gut brain access, and then you use potent tools like this
which is an infusion of MSCs.
We are seeing all types of results because of where those cells do at the microscopic level and at the micro environments where there's inflammation.

[SPEAKER_15]
Wow.
Awesome.

[SPEAKER_00]
And I could tell you just from, we did a clinic here in our home.

[SPEAKER_01]
We had Dr. Burko was here.
So he, he observed.
We had one child who was seven years old who received the stem cells.
I don't think you were there at that time, Dr. Burka, but he is now stringing words together.
He is going to the bathroom on his own, and this is just one month ago.
He is more focused, oh, more regulated because he was bouncing off the walls.
But the biggest one was my husband's cousin, Peter, with Parkinson's.
Who was like a eight year old child that one doctor Berk did see and he has now has after four to five days had better speech, better cognition and better motor skills.
Um, and it was huge improvement.
Um, so I was like, and, and we received it.
So I typically get migraines.
I'll wake up every morning with a headache when, when it's rainy season, it's just that pressure and I just automatic.
I haven't had a single headache since I, I got the MSC.
Um, my daughter, Caitlin was in a car accident and her shoulder, uh, was injured and she said her shoulder doesn't hurt anymore.
And well, we're just kind of kind of wait and see on blood work, you know, 6 months down the road to see what it did underneath.
But, you know, for now, what I've seen based on the reports, I mean, it's done some pretty great things in such a short time.

[SPEAKER_14]
OK, Lidio, I have questions.
I have some questions.
Yes, I do.
The first one coming from Thomas Kerber and thank you for the rumble rant.
What percentage of autism related to inflammation on the brain?
And this goes out to all the doctors.

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, the non-doctor in me wants to say that most of these kids have inflammation on the brain.

[SPEAKER_02]
You pretty well can't have autism without inflammation.

[SPEAKER_14]
So pretty much all of them.

[SPEAKER_02]
And when you resolve the inflammation, the symptoms get better.

[SPEAKER_14]
Great.

[SPEAKER_15]
I think I read a study somewhere that when you do the autopsy on autistic kids, you always find heavy metals in their brains, et cetera.

[SPEAKER_02]
It's I think heavy metals will come.

[SPEAKER_01]
I don't know exactly that true if someone else can answer that question The water you drink, um, it's no no, no, no, these are abnormal.

[SPEAKER_15]
These are normal levels Normal levels.

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, it's probably vaccine injury.
I'll just say it

[SPEAKER_11]
And also depending on the heavy metal and where it generally will coalesce, gather, it can go to the brain, but it also can deposit in other tissues.

[SPEAKER_14]
Question from Dr. Laura.
What is the name of the pharma product that Dr. Adams is developing?
Thanks.

[SPEAKER_12]
Oh, that's probably my answer.
Yeah, that's for you, Dr. Hazen.
Yes, it's not a name yet.
He's in clinical trials.
It's at a phase three, I believe.
So hopefully it's coming out soon, but just kind of follow Dr. Adams' work.

[SPEAKER_14]
I have a follow-up from Dr. Laura.
For you, Dr. Hazen, what do you think about raw camel's milk in the treatment of autism?

[SPEAKER_12]
You know, some parents have used it, and I think what it probably does is stimulate, you know, the production of Bifidobacteria to kind of get them back.
You know, just a little thing, and I know I keep talking about Bifidobacteria, but I just want to emphasize this because I like to simplify.
You know, the function of Bifidobacteria, if you think about it, is to break down sugars.
sugars that you need in your mitochondria, sugars that you need in your cells, sugar that you need for the Krebs cycle for function, et cetera.
So, you know, when you look at these microbes, they are really important.
So the loss of bifidobacteria should not be taken as like something that's, oh, we should close our eyes to this.
this is a very important microbe that probably Dr. Burka noticed with his type 1 diabetes after the vaccine probably killed the bifidobacteria.
And therefore, by the way, I'm working with a lot of type 1 diabetic parents who have kids with type 1 diabetes.
And we are noticing a loss of bifidobacteria in those kids as well.
So this is something that's important.
So camel milk, to go back to the answer,
look, you risk nothing by trying it, right?
If you've got, just make sure that the, you know, the production is, is semi clean in a way, because I know that, you know, I have some kids that are, I had a kid that was drinking, it was goat milk and the goats mammary glands were completely infected and the kid ended up having some GI problems and seeing me.
So,
You got to be careful of the practice of the farmers and how you get it and where you get it from because just because it's raw and where it's from may not be completely clean.

[SPEAKER_14]
Make sure you're getting it from a trusted source.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, good, good, clean practices, you know, not not infected memory glands.
So.

[SPEAKER_14]
A question for Dr. Goodenow.
What are your thoughts regarding plasmalogen and cancer?
Do you have a protocol?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, so plasmagens are these core molecules.
And so for autism, that's what our primary program for getting white matter.
It's actually the critical ingredient in human breast milk.
So human breast milk contains high levels of plasmagens precursors, cow's milk does not.
And there's a reason why in the neonatal intensive care units, they don't provide neonates with formula milk.
They provide neonates with banked or donated breast milk because they've learned that donated breast milk improves neonates better than formula milk.
And so in cancer itself, cancer is, I use high dose plasma allergens for cancer.
My dad's in a good example, vaccine injury, turbo cancer, got a very
high advanced B cell lymphoma about the size of a quart, cutting off his kidneys.
It gave him two months to live, about two years ago.
So I've been successfully able to reduce his cancer biochemically and that uses high dose plasmalogens to, you know, biochemistry wise.
So plasmalogens improve immune function.
They're part of your immune cells.
They're part of your brain, 50% of your heart, 30% of your brain.
And it's a critical
building block.
And the problem is that we can't dietarily obtain them other than breast milk.
So I don't get a lot of that anymore.
So we have this nutrition, these precursors come in that are used because our diet series supply.
So yeah, plasmogens are not contradicted for sure.
I use massive doses of plasmogens in cancer.

[SPEAKER_14]
This is a follow-up also from Rumble 2021-2021 and I don't know if you know about Steve's vision issues, but the question is, would plasmalogens help Steve's vision loss?

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, I don't know the exact underlying cause, Steve.
I'm sorry for not doing any research.

[SPEAKER_15]
Subretinal hemorrhage.
It's under the RPE as well as under the retina.
So it's like a double whammy.
It's said to be inoperable and there's nothing you can do and sorry you're going to be blind for life.

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay, so I have a case of a woman Lisa Grillo actually she'll be at the conference.
She's been blind for 30 years from optic neuritis from multiple sclerosis and we've been able to restore vision 30 years after loss of vision.
So she can now read out of her blind eye and we can actually watch her brain regrow.
Um, through MRI.
So we have that process.
Um, and so the brain, like, so depending on how the vision has been blocked through the optic nerve, through the optic Chiasm, how it's been connected to your, your occipital lobes, the, so we can, some of that is inflammatory.
Your brain, your, your retina.
is one of the most concentrated areas of oxidative stress, right?
Because it's taking all this photon energy, electromagnetic energy, and converting it into signals.
So we personally, my vision is back to when I was 17.
I've got a lot of people improve their vision by using targeted metabolism.
So I'd look into your case more closely, Steve, but I would be highly confident that we could improve that for sure.
And then actually objectively monitor it as well.

[SPEAKER_15]
All right, well, we'll talk for for provision.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, Dr. Patel or Dr. just.

[SPEAKER_03]
We have seen it depending on the injury, because if there's inflammation, the MSCs can get there.
And not only that, they can stimulate local regional quiescent stem cells to regenerate.
Remember, MSCs are very potent.
It just depends on where they go.
And that is very difficult.
Once you get them into the body, depending on where the cytokine signals are, and depending on how inflamed you are,
It's hard to guide where they're going to go, but we absolutely have seen all types of things in the brain, including vision, macular degeneration, et cetera.

[SPEAKER_02]
And to follow up with Dr. Tassani's work, one of the main stem cells of the human brain are what called oligodendrocyte progenitor cells.
Your brain has a huge amount of the white matter is highly regenerative.
Every woman who goes into remission with multiple sclerosis, the brain is actually remyelinating during that remission phase.
And so it's done that with and so what happens with inflammation and what you're doing with your mice and chemical stem cells is that you're stimulating that stem cell capability and that inflammation also promotes that that oligodendrocyte progenitor cell growth, which is the white matter restoration of the brain.
which resolves and brings down that microglial inflammation, which is pretty interesting.
What everyone here is talking about adding positives into these equation, right?
And most of our conversation is about adding the right Bifida bacteria, getting the right microbiome, getting the right stem cell environment, getting the right diet environment, getting the right exercise environment.
Adding these positives are what really drives these recoveries that we see.

[SPEAKER_03]
And they're very good at balancing and neutralizing reactive oxygen species.
So there is a lot of, as you said, in the retina that is very high.
MSCs can absolutely balance that and they can support cellular repair.
There's a lot of paracrine, what we call paracrine function, that means cell-to-cell signaling.
These cells can exchange mitochondria.
They secrete things called the secretome full of angiogenic factors, microRNA in that environment.
So they can, we call them, they orchestrate
inflammation and the guardians of inflammation.
That's what they are naturally in our body.
We just age over time.
So our own mesenchymal stem cells over time deplete, but we are giving umbilical cord
which have not been damaged through our own process.
Remember, lots of companies out there give autologous stem cells.
That means they take your own stem cells from fat pad or bone marrow.
But many of those senescence phenotypes, that means they have irreversible growth.
They've been exposed to all our toxins.
We are giving completely untouched umbilical cord mesenchymal stem cells from their cord blood.
And that is vastly different.
And they replicate at a much higher rate when they get in the body.

[SPEAKER_14]
So Steve, you'll follow up on the responses to that question.

[SPEAKER_15]
I will.
I have talked to a lot of retina specialists and they say, no way, nothing you can do.
You're blind for life.
If that's not true, that'd be pretty interesting because these guys are pretty well connected and, you know, hear a lot of stuff.

[SPEAKER_03]
And some of this
You're in a situation where as long as you cannot cause harm, you can only cause benefit.
And the worst that can happen is you may not feel it, right?
I mean, yeah, that's right.

[SPEAKER_15]
Because I can't go down from being blind.
Let's put it that way.

[SPEAKER_01]
Steve, I know I'm not the doctor here, but I do believe where your mind goes, energy flows in that, you know, what you believe is a big part of it.
And I believe that anything that you try, I was told once upon a time that my son was not going to live a normal functioning life and that he was going to need care for the rest of his life.
So I took that with a grain of salt.
I let it roll off my back and I dug and I'm constantly looking for ways to heal, for people to heal in general, not just children on the spectrum, but everyone.
So which is why I work with so many different doctors and specialists and I'm like a sponge.
I'm a research nut.
So I say keep an open mind.

[SPEAKER_15]
I have an open mind.
My only problem is that if this has been cured before, like there are cases where autistic kids have recovered from
from an abyss that people thought that they could never be recovered from.
But I'm not aware of a success story where people have had this subretinal and sub-RPE hemorrhage where the blood is basically just surrounding the retina and killing it off, that anyone has made any kind of dramatic recovery on that.
And if that's not the case, I'm certainly open to hearing about it.
I just haven't heard a case of it happening ever for anyone.
So I'm not super optimistic, let's put it that way.
I like to think of myself being realistic, but I'm not going to close the door to potential therapies that haven't been tried before.

[SPEAKER_02]
It's not completely severed.
And if there's still actual pathways there, they can be built upon.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, I mean, if you shine light into my eye, I can detect that the light is there.

[SPEAKER_02]
Your brain's designed to find a way.
It just can't find its way.
This is why people get past concussions when they're still injured, because the brain actually works around the concussion.
And so the brain works around things.
Right, but this is very adaptable.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, it's a longer conversation.

[SPEAKER_03]
15% improvements are major clinical improvements, remember.
Sometimes changing that area by a little bit can lead to a lot of clinical improvement, but you're right in managing your expectations because these are very difficult scenarios.
Data and the research kind of shows us what our limitations are.

[SPEAKER_15]
I have not run into any doctor that I've talked to the specialist in this area.
That's optimistic for me.
So I'm not going to give up hope, but but yeah, we're I'm very real anything.
I can't go can't get any worse than I am right now.
Let's put it that way.

[SPEAKER_12]
Steve, did you see who man Hamadi the ophthalmologist at USC?

[SPEAKER_15]
That name doesn't ring a bell.

[SPEAKER_12]
Okay, because he has an amazing he has a patent actually on blindness.
So he's he's brilliant.
He's one of my favorite.
I can connect you together.
You can talk to him.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, sure.
Absolutely.

[SPEAKER_12]
Sometimes it just takes talking to multiple people and, you know, especially I've been to so many conferences because I'm leading this microbiome research.
I get to meet all the doctors.
By the way, I'm friends with him.
He just sent me that article on MSC for aging in the mice study.
So, just this morning by text.
So, sometimes with all these conferences, you meet all these doctors that are outside the box like you, and I know who is one of them.
So, Dr.
So, you know, I'll connect you with and talk to him.
He may have an idea.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_14]
Okay.

[SPEAKER_12]
Okay.

[SPEAKER_14]
I'm going to go out on a limb and say, Steve, you could possibly, maybe even probably be the first to, uh, yeah, treat and get your vision back.

[SPEAKER_01]
I'm going to somebody has to be, I'm the optimist here.
So I'm, I'm solutions girl.
So I say, you know, be the first.

[SPEAKER_14]
Okay.

[SPEAKER_15]
It would be quite spectacular, let me tell you.

[SPEAKER_14]
Oh, yeah.
There's a lot of people pushing for you, Steve, in the audience.
Question from Sonny Ways.
A child I know is diagnosed with benign Rolandic epilepsy.
Do any of the doctors know if there's a link to vaccines or possibly to mom taking Diclectin for severe nausea in pregnancy?

[SPEAKER_12]
Possible.
Possible the meds that moms moms are taking during pregnancy can affect the baby's development and absolutely.
So, it's hard to pinpoint one or the other, but it'd probably be important to know the timing of when the kids started having problems.

[SPEAKER_14]
A question, I know we're running logs, but I'm going to ask a couple more.
A question from Dr. Laura, please ask the doctors if they think that Uro therapy increased the stem cells in the blood to any degree.
What is it?
What is that?
Uro therapy?
Uro, URO therapy.

[SPEAKER_03]
I am unaware of that.

[SPEAKER_16]
Same here.
Yeah, neither am I.

[SPEAKER_14]
Okay.
Question for you Tracy from Gary Hawkins to obvious question.
How many vaccines did the military require you to take?

[SPEAKER_01]
Geez, I think when I first went in, I think it was 12 to 13 vaccines in one day.

[SPEAKER_11]
Wow.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_11]
I'm also former military with Tracy.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
So you just stand in line and it's air gun, air gun.
Literally it's an air gun.
It's not even a needle like a cattle.
Yeah.
So you just, you, you just keep walking.
You get another one and you get it from both sides.
And then I also got typhoid on top of that, which gave me like temporary paralysis for like a couple of days, which, but don't worry, Tracy, that's perfectly normal.
I know.
Right.
And then the flu shot, which gave me the worst flu every single year I was, you know, one year I tried to like not get my flu shot.
because I knew it gave me the flu and I got written up for it.
So I had to go get it and I got the flu.
So yes, I got a lot of vaccines and unfortunately those heavy metal toxic loads can be passed on.
And that's probably why I have like this long laundry list of health conditions and
including glaucoma at a very young age and I'm deaf in one ear.
I've had almost 20 surgeries in my lifetime.
And I've always been pretty healthy.

[SPEAKER_14]
That's a lot of surgeries.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah.
Hey, by the way, I meant to ask this earlier.
When you get an MMR vaccine, it's a live vaccine.
So can you pass on the measles to someone else if you get from an MMR vaccine?

[SPEAKER_14]
You mean like shedding?

[SPEAKER_15]
Well, yeah.
I mean, look, if you get the virus, then the virus replicates.
And I'm not sure how a measles spreads.
Um, but presumably, you know, the same, if you got the virus naturally, um, why would this, uh, the measles vaccine not spread like the measles.
Does anybody know?
No, uh, oh, so nobody knows.

[SPEAKER_11]
I'm not sure if there's been any documented case, but theoretically, why not?
If there is a topical expression or something that fluid to fluid transfer, I see no reason why that could, that vector couldn't transfer.
In fact, I just got something today about Alzheimer's disease being able to be transferred.

[SPEAKER_14]
Wow.
Alzheimer's.

[SPEAKER_12]
So it's supposed to be an attenuated.

[SPEAKER_15]
Ah, attenuated.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
The attenuated live.

[SPEAKER_12]
weekend modified form of the live.

[SPEAKER_15]
So, right.
So, so yes, I'll bet they never test for how contagious you are, you know, based on how well they tested the COVID vaccines, which are the most extensively tested vaccines in all time, and they have no clue.

[SPEAKER_02]
Um, what you typically, what you typically pass on is that viral load that is not
Resolvable by your immune system.
So this is what the covert disaster was because the different covert vaccines targeted a specific subtype of the covert virus.
And if it's not 100% perspective say it only gets 95% 5%.
gets through the barrier of the COVID vaccine, and then that 5% becomes highly proliferative.
And so what you pass on is not the virus that the vaccine was targeted for.
You pass on the virus.
It's like antibiotic resistance.
Like no one would say, hey, I got this great antibiotic.
It only kills up, it only kills 90, 80% of the antibiotic, and only take it for three days.
Like you'd get shot for saying something like that, which is what we've done.
So what happens often is that what gets transmitted virally
is those variants of the actual live virus that is not neutralized by your immune system.
So whatever escapes.
So you transmit the escaped viral article.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah.
I should probably look up studies on that just to see if there's anything at all on that.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah.
All right.
One more question from
A Haman B 360.
Thank you for the rumble rant.
A lot of discussion about inflammation, particularly in neurological conditions like autism, Alzheimer's and vision disorders.
Can near infrared photobiomodulation therapy offer benefits?

[SPEAKER_12]
There's some data, especially in Parkinson's, where it might be shown some benefit.
But of course, there's not that much, you know,
There's no real, you know, there's no, there needs to be a lot more on that.
I don't think it's a, it definitely doesn't hurt.
But, you know, we don't know whether it's improving or not.

[SPEAKER_11]
As far as photobiomodulation, every photon that enters the mitochondria and affects cytochrome C oxidase will have a positive effect on mitochondrial bioenergetics.
So when you look at the underlying aspect of these diseases, and Dr. Goodenow brought this up in this aspect of microglial inflammation, when we really look at the effect of light on these aspects, you'll have most positive effects in neurological tissue because of the density of mitochondria.
As far as Alzheimer's disease, you've been working for a very long time.
I was cutting rats' heads off and slicing brains back in my undergrad 30 years ago.
Funny enough, nothing changed with Alzheimer's disease until recently, right around COVID era.
In fact, I've been getting these posts on my newsfeed about Alzheimer's disease and transference of symptomatic expression.
That would mean there will have to be a viral vector or some vector in this.
Dr. David Perlmutter convinced me of this over a decade ago.
And so it'll be very difficult to convince me that it's not some type of viral form or viral vector that is infecting and then affecting the inflammatory process in all of those neurological expressions that were asked on the call here.

[SPEAKER_14]
Excellent.

[SPEAKER_11]
And one more thing before we go, one of the most cutting edge research that is in publication that was just delivered at the Institute of Functional Medicine last year in June was by a very wonderful PhD, Dr. Pollock, Gerald Pollock at University of Washington.
Sunlight was brought up by somebody on here.
Sunlight is no longer about vitamin D. There is new anatomy that has been discovered called the exclusion zone, water, easy water.
And please, we don't have time for this.
You could do an entire episode on this, Steve.
But it needs to be known about because you can literally charge this exclusion zone water, which is a layer that surrounds all the vessels in the body near the glycocalyx or within the glycocalyx with near infrared energy.
That means sunlight.
That's for another discussion though.

[SPEAKER_14]
Great insight.
So Tracy, there's a conference coming up where we can continue this outstanding conversation.
Can you tell us a little bit more about this upcoming conference in San Diego?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yes, absolutely.
So I am the founder of Autism Health Summit and Autism Health, which is a nonprofit organization funding scholarships for
for parents to educate them on how to address underlying conditions.
So my main thing is I'm a solutions girl.
Yes, I do have doctors like Dr. Brian Hooker who are gonna be speaking about what is in our environment that could trigger autism.
But the main thing is I'd like to focus on solutions.
So a lot of my speakers are solutions-based.
And the main thing is to get people there, the community, for parents to meet other parents, for them to meet doctors, to ask the questions, to put themselves out there.
So April 11th and 12th in San Diego, we will be hosting our next conference.
It's only three weeks away, three short weeks.
So you can go to autismhealth.com for more information or if somebody needs to apply for a scholarship as well.
But AHS conference will take you directly to the conference site.
And it's, you know, all meals are included.
If anything, it's a really great party.
A bunch of health and freedom, fighting, loving people there, like-minded, wonderful doctors putting themselves out on the line.
taking those risks to, to heal, you know, people's underlying conditions.
It's not just individuals with autism.
We, we all have something going on underlying.
So I think it could benefit anybody.

[SPEAKER_14]
I'm going to play a trailer for the conference.
Here it comes.

[SPEAKER_01]
So my dream
for probably a good 10 years or so has been to run an autism event.
To really educate those parents on addressing those underlying conditions associated with autism.
And truly, truly hearing from the best speakers that there are on the planet.
Dell BigTree.
Dr. Peter McCullough, Dr. Sabine Hazan, Dr. Brian Hooker, Dr. Joshua Berka, Dr. Richard Bowles, Dr. Mariah Hinchey, Jeff Sowell and daughters Sienna and Olivia, the Spellers community, and Don Marie Gaven, and all these amazing doctors, scientists, and parents
on how to address the underlying biological conditions associated with autism and other neurological disorders.
When I started this journey, I felt alone.
But we come together.
We come together to unite, and that is the most important thing.
What is it that you choose to create in your life?

[SPEAKER_09]
This is a one-of-a-kind experience you will not want to miss.

[SPEAKER_13]
There's a lot of bad stuff that's happening.
And what is almost invisible to the eye is the good stuff that's happening.
And I believe we're heading towards a wellness that we've not experienced in many, many decades or generations.
It's important though, regardless of what kind of power we think we hold or don't hold, that we understand that it's imperative that we all step forward.

[SPEAKER_00]
We need to research.
We need to find out.
Because the people who are watching this probably think, me alone can't save the world.
But if we get a community, if we get a group, we can really affect the world.

[SPEAKER_14]
That's gonna be awesome.

[SPEAKER_01]
It'll be a priority.
So I had one doctor come up to me last year and said, you know what?
I came here just expecting a conference and I got a little bit of prayer and worship in the morning.
I got a whole lot of education and then I got some great entertainment.
So we also have Deepak performing.
We have Jeff Sowell and his daughters and they did recover their daughter from a severe autism diagnosis coming out from London to see
Um, but it is just a fun and beautiful event.
I've always known how to throw a party.
Um, so, you know, if you just want to, you know, engage with community and build relationships in the health and freedom movement.
Come on over.

[SPEAKER_14]
Get your tickets down in San Diego.
I know VSRF will be representing nurse Angela and Lisa Leahy, I believe are going down.

[SPEAKER_01]
So, uh, yes, they are.
I'm super excited about it.
And I do want to also say, um, we are doing a renewal therapy at the conference and there is a very special woman that we are going to be doing a fundraiser for.
Um, and Amanda who was severely vaccine injured.
and we are going to be raising funds for her.
I don't know if Janet was able to pull up her Give Send Go that you guys could show.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yep, she just put it in the chat.
Let me see if I can get it up here as well.

[SPEAKER_01]
Awesome.
But we want to raise the funds for her to be able to receive the mesenchymal stem cells along with she's going to be getting eBoo treatment at the event.
and just assist her in her healing journey because I personally as a mom know how much it costs when you're throwing everything at it that you can to get better.
So anybody who can assist the smallest amount makes the hugest difference.
And we truly want to get her as many treatments as possible.
So we're talking to doctors out there in regards to treating her.
and helping her out.
But she is an amazing woman.
She is fighting the good fight every single day, but she definitely is having her struggles health-wise.
And whatever we can do for her, I ask that you just take this time to please just give anything.
It would be great.

[SPEAKER_14]
Thank you for that, Tracy.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, thank you.

[SPEAKER_14]
Well, I want to thank all of you doctors for being here and being so generous with your time and the knowledge that you dropped tonight.
Any final thoughts or words before we send you on your way?
Steve, any last questions?
Oh, yeah.

[SPEAKER_02]
Oh, thank you for the opportunity.

[SPEAKER_15]
Great.
Thank you for being here.
Thank you all for being here.

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, thank you all for taking time out of your busy schedules because I know that this was, you know, a long meeting, but I value the expertise and opinions of all you doctors and so many more that
I would not be where I am with my own health or my son or my family if it wasn't for these doctors.
And I just want to personally say thank you.

[SPEAKER_14]
Thank you all.

[SPEAKER_01]
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_14]
Thank you.
Okay.
Have a great evening and everyone else hang in there.
I've got a couple of quick announcements to make and, and then there's going to be a B side here.
If you, if you've got the stamina, um, first off, I want to thank our donor spotlight tonight and let me just get myself together here.
It'll take me one second.
Our donor spotlight tonight is from M from Virginia.
who writes, Steve, thanks for your tenacity and hard work.
Thank you, M. We truly appreciate your kind words and generosity.
Our mission is to amplify the voices of the vaccine injured, challenge the mainstream narrative,
and demand real medical transparency.
If you stand with us in this fight, I ask you for your support today.
Every donation, no matter how small, powers our work and keeps this movement alive.
Visit vacsafety.org backslash donate or text.
VSRF 253-555 to contribute and together we can make a meaningful difference and thank you for your support.
I also want to announce this other conference coming up before in Atlanta.
If you're down in Atlanta, the IMA, the Independent Medical Alliance,
honest medicine conference redefining health that's down in atlanta april four through six and this year's event marks a pivotal moment for the future of health care bringing together some of the most respected voices in medicine to redefine what honest medicine truly means go to ima health dot org backslash conference and then lastly next week we will have the one and only
Joel Salatin, I am really looking forward to this one.
He is fantastic.
I've had a chance to go down to Polyface Farms myself and Joel is a true pioneer in sustainable farming and you won't want to miss this insightful conversation on how real food can change our health and the world.
Be sure to tune in next week.
And then, lastly, for tonight's closing video, Steve, you were able to sit down with Dr. Brian Hooker yesterday for a fabulous conversation.
He is the chief scientific officer at Children's Health Defense and a professor emeritus of biology at Simpson University in Reading, California.
He is widely recognized for his role in exposing fraud and vaccine safety research, collaborating with CDC whistleblower Dr. William Thompson.
Dr. Hooker is also the co-author alongside Robert F. Kennedy Jr. of Vaxxed vs. Unvaxed, Let the Science Speak, a book that examines the health outcomes of vaccinated and unvaccinated populations.
His work has significantly contributed to the autism community where he has been active since 2001.
So stay tuned for this important conversation.
You won't want to miss it.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, it's a great conversation.
It will also be available separately on Rumble, right?

[SPEAKER_14]
Yes, after tonight's show, I will also have it as a separate link to just the interview.
So it'll be part of tonight's episodes replay and it'll be a standalone.
I'll get that up later this evening, if not for sure.
First thing tomorrow.
So you definitely want to stay tuned for this entire conversation.
And then, yeah, that's it for now.
Steve, that was an awesome episode.
You did a fantastic job asking some great questions.

[SPEAKER_15]
Thank you.
Thank you, Livio.
I give all the credit to you.
You're an amazing host.

[SPEAKER_14]
Thank you, Steve.
All right, everyone.
Have a great rest of your evening.
Enjoy this interview and we'll see you all next week on VSRF Live.
Good night.

[SPEAKER_15]
So I'm with Brian Hooker, and Brian, it's good to see you again.
I know it's always difficult to get a hold of you.

[SPEAKER_04]
I'm so sorry I'm notorious for that, Steve.

[SPEAKER_15]
Always a pleasure.
Yes, you are.

[SPEAKER_04]
I am so, so sorry.
For some reason, you have a knack of calling while I'm on vacation.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yes.
You know that, right?
I've developed that as a skill over all of these years.

[SPEAKER_04]
Oh, I'm so glad.
I'm so glad.
Usually I'm at SeaWorld or Legoland with my kids.
So, you know.

[SPEAKER_15]
Right.
Yep.
All right.
Well, let's start with measles because I just finished watching an episode on CHDTV, which I then tweeted about, which is quite stunning.
and you were able to get the hospital records from the hospital because the parents agreed to have the hospital records released and what the hospital records showed is that the the child was recovering from the measles and is virtually over the measles infection had picked up
essentially pneumonia from the community, not from the hospital, but from someplace in the community that the child got pneumonia, was given the wrong set of antibiotics for pneumonia, because you're supposed to give sort of like the double whammy, you give them full broad spectrum, so you've got it this way or that way, because you don't know what you're treating.
And what they did was they did sort of one arm, but not the other arm.
So they gave them, you know, sort of one thing that was correct, but not the other thing that was that they should have given them.
The child then regressed.
which should have then tipped off the physicians to say, whoa, I think I probably got it wrong.
If you're not getting better, let me switch it over to what I should have given you in the first place.
And then they had it, they got back the lab results like two days later.
And I don't know if that is like, is it supposed to happen two days later or should it happen 24 hours later or 10 hours later?

[SPEAKER_04]
It could have happened 24 hours later.
It's not clear whether they use PCR or they did an actual culture.
So the culture would have taken longer then?
The culture would have taken longer.
It's a type of bacteria called mycoplasma.
It's harder to culture.
It takes a little while to come up.
But still, no excuse.
Right.

[SPEAKER_15]
So when it came back, then they knew.
exactly what was going on and then they waited 10 hours before they started her on the medication which is unbelievably like it should have happened within what like an hour or two hours after they knew that she should have had that medication in her body by then and by then it was essentially too late to save her and she died.

[SPEAKER_04]
I couldn't have said it better, Steve.
They were treating, they were using two antibiotics that work on a specific portion of the bacteria called the cell wall.
Well, mycoplasma doesn't have a cell wall.
Okay, so it's like dumping Kool-Aid on it.
It's just gonna rinse off and the myco will thumb its nose at it and continue to grow and continue to invade and cause disease.
And that's exactly what happened.
And, you know, it's inexcusable.
The standard of care is to have something that will treat a mycoplasma when you have community-acquired pneumonia.
That is a pneumonia that you can get in the community.
And for her age group, you know, for this little girl, about a quarter of all the pneumonias that hospitals see are this mycoplasma.
So I have no idea why they wouldn't start.
It would have been a Z-Pak, azithromycin, but they didn't start it.

[SPEAKER_15]
Right, and the Z-Pak is essentially standard of care for the pneumonia as one of the drugs, and yet they didn't do the standard of care, which is mystifying.
It's almost as if they wanted the child to die for measles.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, they sure did a good job killing that girl.
And it's so tragic.
And the thing that added insult to injury is that they could have pulled it out.
They could have, when the culture came back and said that it was mycoplasma, if they would have started the Z-Pak right away.
then they could have saved that girl.
But waiting 10 hours, I mean, after that 10 hour period, then she ended up terminating less than 24 hours later.
I mean, she was going rapidly downhill.
But, you know, and one of the things that the parents had mentioned to us off camera is that they did have some nurses treat them with just utter contempt.
because their daughter was unvaccinated.
Oh, wow.
You know, we I'm surmising that they didn't make any comments, you know, like, oh, well, snide remarks.
But but they said that the nurses were really, really untenable.
At one point, they asked for breathing treatments for their daughters.
They were they were denied.
The nurse just would bruskily said, oh, well, it wouldn't help her anyway.
I mean, so somebody had a foregone conclusion that this girl was going to die.

[SPEAKER_15]
Well, yeah, it's tragic.
And you know what the
The reason in that community that they don't vaccinate is because there have been so many vaccine injuries in the community that that's the reason that they're, that they don't, they weren't vaccinated for measles is because it's not from misinformation, super spreaders like myself.
It is because they see the devastation
that these vaccines have caused in their own community and they're waking up to the fact that these vaccines are not nearly as safe as people think they are or as effective in fact you know like the flu shot right the flu shot is completely ineffective and it kills people
Um, and it's so, so, uh, uh, tragic that the flu shots are believed to be, you know, people line up, they give them to 60%, right?
60 to seven, um, upwards of like 70% of elderly people.
get the flu shot every year and it kills off a portion of them on day zero.
It's got a day zero kill record.
It's in the Medicare data and nobody's saying a damn thing about this.
They're all assuming that these vaccines are safe and effective and that's not the case at all, which brings us to your book, which I see behind you.
It's up there on the shelf.
Yes.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yep.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yep.
We see it.
And the Vaxxed on Vaxxed and I have my copy of it on my bookshelf too.
And I've read through it, not just put it on the bookshelf.
And you just go through all of the studies of, and especially the ones that are interesting are the totally Vaxxed versus the totally un-Vaxxed.
And that is really stunning because in every single case where you study the fully vaxxed versus the fully unvaxxed, it's the fully unvaxxed that are always doing better on every single health outcome.
Did I get that right?

[SPEAKER_04]
You're absolutely correct.
We see that over and over again, and we have a series of papers that we're getting ready to publish that affirm that information.
We see less ear infections, less respiratory infections, less strep throat.
less asthma, less autism, less ADHD, less developmental delays in general, which is a very, very difficult diagnosis to get as a parent.
But we see on average about 70% less developmental delay diagnoses.
And then precipitously, the thing that really startled me was when you look at kids who are sickly, they just have recurrent infections.
We see about 4 times as many of those in that category.
If they're vaccinated versus if they've never seen a vaccine, if they, you know, these completely unvaccinated kids that are supposedly these weirdos that are, you know, in some commune somewhere or whatever.
But these are the healthiest kids the ones that are unvaccinated are by far the ones that have less infectious disease less respiratory disease less autoimmune disease and less neurological conditions and how many studies are in the book.
In the book, regarding the entirety of the book.

[SPEAKER_15]
You know, sort of fully unvaxxed versus fully vaxxed comparison studies.

[SPEAKER_04]
It's about 10.
There are about 10 of the fully vaxxed versus fully unvaxxed.
And that number is in the book.

[SPEAKER_15]
And those are all in the peer-reviewed literature?

[SPEAKER_04]
They are all peer-reviewed studies.
All of them have been peer-reviewed by a variety of authors.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, but I have to ask then, how many have been of the 10, how many have been retracted by the journal?
One.
Okay.
One.
So there are nine that survived.
Nine that still stand.

[SPEAKER_04]
And the one was... Yeah, well, tomorrow's another day, so we'll see.

[SPEAKER_15]
Right, because it can get republished.

[SPEAKER_04]
Right, right.

[SPEAKER_15]
In an honest journal.
The one that was retracted, let's talk about that.
What reasons did they have for retracting the article and which one wasn't?

[SPEAKER_04]
They said essentially that this was a wonderful paper by James Lyons-Weiler and Paul Thomas.
And they said that because it was in Paul Thomas's practice that there would be a bias
That the unvaccinated would see the doctor less than the vaccinated.
Well, James Lance Reiler turned around and proved that that was wrong, that it was actually the opposite.
And if anything, their work was biasing towards the null hypothesis because the unvaccinated like their doctor and they saw their doctor more.

[SPEAKER_15]
Right.
So.
When this was brought to the attention of the journal who wanted to retract the article like when they tried to retract the article was this brought to the journals attention or was it only after it had been retracted that you brought the data.

[SPEAKER_04]
To the journal the journal itself.
I'm unaware of whether they brought it during the retraction process The whole thing happened so quickly And and full disclosure I'm one of the peer reviewers for that journal and the journal called me and said should we retract this paper?
I'm like hell no
You know, there's, first of all, there's nothing wrong with this paper.
It's a unique robust way of analyzing this type of information and this type of data.
And then secondly, you know, you have to show that there has to be some type of mal intent.
According to the cope guidelines for retracting papers, there has to be some type of egregious error, some type of, you know, malintent or some type of undisclosed conflict of interest.
These guys laid everything on the table.
So no, you know, you should not retract this paper.

[SPEAKER_15]
And they said, thank you.
Yeah.
So they said, thank you very much.
And we're going to retract it anyway, because it goes against the narrative.

[SPEAKER_04]
Right, right, slam-bam, thank you, Dr. Hooker.

[SPEAKER_15]
It's so corrupt.
You know, we've had our papers retracted, and others have had similar fates to their papers.

[SPEAKER_04]
I hate to laugh, but I think there's a 12-step group for us, too.

[SPEAKER_15]
A 12-step group.

[SPEAKER_04]
You know, retracted papers anonymous.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah.
Okay.
Sorry.
I got it.
Got it.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_04]
Okay.
It took a little while.
It was a joke with a soft landing.
Sorry.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So I actually spoke with the editor of one of the journals that has retracted several papers now.
And he said, yeah, it's totally corrupt.
And he says that next year he's going to disclose all of this, but not this year.
So in other words, they know it's going on.
They condone it.
They let it happen.
Next year, they're going to say, yeah, we've done it.
We did it.
And, you know, sorry about that.
We thought we were doing the right thing.
I'm sure that's what's going to happen.
Well, at least there will be at least there will be an admission from one honest journal editor of the corruption.
That is happening in the medical literature where these papers are unethically retracted because they go against the narrative and You know, this is tragic.
So, you know, how do Medical doctors React to okay.
We got nine studies left because sure we can't like, you know consider the one that was retracted because it's not been republished yet and
because that's the way science works.
And even though it didn't was retracted without filing the cope guidelines.
No.
Or in violation of the cope guidelines.

[SPEAKER_04]
It was wrongly retracted.

[SPEAKER_15]
Correct.
Wrongly retracted.
That doesn't seem to register with anybody.
But we still have nine papers in the peer reviewed literature showing
that any time that you compare these two groups, the groups who are unvaccinated do better on every single metric.
How, as a physician, can you possibly look the other way on that?

[SPEAKER_04]
I think it's a really good question.
You look at physicians like Dr. Bill Cassidy, and it's almost cult-like in that, okay, Robert F. Kennedy Jr., repeat the magic words, vaccines do not cause autism.
Oh, you're in the club now, okay?
Well, those are not magic words.
Those are actually falsehoods, they're lies.
And it was odd.
It was almost like Senator Cassidy was baiting Secretary Kennedy by wanting him to actually say this.
And then he said, when Bobby would not say that, he said, well, you could have had a really, really good success in the HHS.
And it was a not so failed threat.
It was really, really contentious.
And it's unfortunate that people like that are practicing medicine.

[SPEAKER_15]
It is.
And especially in the position that he is in, because that CDC director that we were both counting on was basically torpedoed by him.

[SPEAKER_04]
He was, he was, it was egregious.
It was absolutely wrong.
You know, what they did to, you know, former representative Weldon, Dr Weldon.
uh, was beyond the pale, you know, calling him an anti-vaxxer.
He's given vaccines in his practice.
He's not an anti-vaxxer.
He's practiced practice medicine for a very, very long time.
When he left Congress in 2000, I believe it was 2012, he went back to the practice of medicine and he merely was looking at a mercury containing preservative that he wanted to get out of vaccines.
Makes sense.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yep.
not allowed to question.
The question, the sacred cow.

[SPEAKER_04]
Exactly.
Again, very, very cult-like, you know, that you will not ask these particular questions.
You will not look and, you know, you can pick door number one, but I'm sorry, you can't pick door number two.
You just can't do it.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yep.
So, have you,
been able to engage anyone in a public debate on whether vaccines cause autism?

[SPEAKER_04]
Nobody will debate me.
And it's not for lack of trying.
It's not for lack of looking.
I wanted to debate the individual, Dr. Gregory Poland from the Mayo Clinic.
And I'll call him out specifically because I still want to debate Dr. Gregory Poland.
He's an MD, PhD from the Mayo Clinic.
And he is a vaccinologist, he is a true vaccine apologist who ended up getting tinnitus from the COVID shot.
Uh, he will not debate me.
Peter Hotez will not debate me.
There's nobody that will debate me or anybody else that's reputable on the side of talking about vaccines causing harm.
There is, you know, and, and they use these Weasley excuses like, well, I don't want to give you a platform.
Well, you know what?
I have a platform anyway.
You're not going to stop that.
Sorry.

[SPEAKER_15]
Oh, that's the excuse.
They don't want to give you a platform.
And the excuse they use for me is, well, you're not a doctor.
Yeah, yeah, I just look at data.
And I'll tell you, the most stunning piece of data is from a doctor.
She's in LA.
I have her name.
Uh, she doesn't want it to be used because she doesn't want to lose her license.
Right.
She's seen 2000 cases of autism in her career.
2000 cases.
Do you know how many cases of autism out of 2000 was not vaccine related?
How many?

[SPEAKER_04]
One.
Wow.
I can affirm that.
I know so many vaccine related autism cases and I do know one case of an unvaccinated child that was diagnosed with autism and still has autism.
That's out of doing 24 years worth of research.

[SPEAKER_15]
So, so we talked about how do you prove this to the medical community because there was this this this article in the New York Times, which was caused by a leak at the CDC, which apparently was a strategic leak because apparently most people don't want Bobby to succeed.
because I also talked to someone at this cast party for Follow the Silence.
And this person was saying, you know, I have an inside source at the HHS who realizes what's going on and is trying to, you know, work on our side.
And I said, really?
You do?
I actually know someone, too.
So maybe we have two people.
Turned out we knew the same person.
Like there's one honest person at HHS.
I know there's more than one honest person, right?
Because I know there's someone at the CDC who's honest, and there's someone at HHS who's honest.
But by gosh, the fact that this person has been trying to develop these sources for years and found the same source
Right.
It was very undercover, as I did, is very stunning to me.
And, you know, it just shows you that these people are aligned against him.
But anyway, there's this news leak in the New York Times.
And so the New York Times published this article saying CDC to study autism.
And I'm going like, woo, finally, you know, Brian's probably involved in this and
I contacted you and you said when Dave Weldon becomes head of the CDC, we're going to kick this thing off and all and BAM Weldon gets torpedoed.
It's like there is no way in hell.
that anybody is going to expose the fact that vaccines cause autism.
And it is so unbelievable that this is still going on because you were the guy.
who had the tape recordings of William Thompson, CDC scientist William Thompson, who worked on this seminal study by the CDC as to whether vaccines cause autism.
And it was the MMR vaccine.
And it was done by analyzing kids' records in the Atlanta area where the CDC is headquartered.
And what they found in that study was that the
black kids, especially black boys, especially were off the charts on the odds ratio.
And the CDC ordered Thompson to destroy all the data linking vaccines and autism and run the study with the data expunged and don't even mention that you deleted any data.
You can't do that.
That is unethical.
Once you find a signal like that, it has to go in the paper.
You can't say, let's delete it and pretend it's not there.
It is an ethical violation.
It's dishonest.
It is unprecedented for his bosses like Colleen Boyle to order him to destroy documents linking vaccines and autism.
And yet,
Today, nobody knows what I just said, or very few people know what I just said.

[SPEAKER_04]
It was buried in the news cycle.
It was absolutely buried in the news.
Nothing to see here.
You know, everything that you've just said is absolutely true.
These people got away with manslaughter, literally got away with manslaughter.
Because if you look at how many cases of autism, just in African-American males, they could have prevented
I estimated is about 780,000 cases of autism since the day that they knew that it which was November 7th 2001 I'll never forget that date that because I saw the FOIA documents I saw the documents released by Thompson I knew when he found it if they would have been forthcoming at that particular point in time and merely delayed the MMR to 3 years of age they would save that many autistic cases.
Bill Cassidy.

[SPEAKER_15]
Have you ever contacted his office and said, Bill, hey, how about a hearing on autism?
You know, you're really passionate about this.
How about a hearing on autism where we can have
William Thompson testify as to what Colleen Boyle ordered him to do and to testify that Colleen Boyle will not testify in front of Congress on this issue because she doesn't want to go to jail for perjury.

[SPEAKER_04]
The last time she testified, they called her testimony impeachable.
That was the comment that came from the majority side of OGN.

[SPEAKER_15]
Not unimpeachable, impeachable.
I love it.

[SPEAKER_04]
They said her testimony was impeachable and that was directly from the staffer to me.

[SPEAKER_15]
Right, she's lying.
So why isn't Senator Cassidy calling for a hearing with Bill Thompson?
What's stopping him?

[SPEAKER_04]
Let's go, man.
You and me.
We will march into Cassidy's office.
He is not well-liked.
There are officials in Louisiana that are really at odds with Senator Cassidy right now because of what they're trying to do.
Louisiana, his state, where he's done such a great job, is 49th or 50th in all the health metrics in the United States.
Not doing good obesity 50th 50th heart disease 50th.
I mean you look down the line This is not a healthy state.
So, you know if he is, you know, just the model of You know what should be done then why and his friggin state not not doing better You would you would think right if he's um, I

[SPEAKER_15]
So, you know, I wrote an article.
I'm trying to find it.
It was about I offered to have one of the senators who questioned Bobby Kennedy.
on Maggie Hassan or Hassan or H-A-S-O-C?
Hassan, I believe, is from Vermont.

[SPEAKER_04]
Maggie Hassan.
Is that correct?
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah.
So she's like going, hey, if there's anybody who wants to find the cause of autism, it's me.
I wrote an open letter to her, say, hey, great, let's explore it.
Never heard back.
But I need to actually call her office to make sure that the office is aware
of the article that I wrote.
But it does seem like everybody who claims that they're interested in the sources of autism doesn't want to see it, including Paul Offit, who has said, wow, why is Bobby Kennedy looking at whether vaccines cause autism when he could be spending money on more fruitful things?
Because we already know, like if there's one thing we know, it's that vaccines don't cause autism.
You can't prove that from a study that it's called the null hypothesis and you can't prove the null hypothesis.
You can only prove that you are incapable of finding a signal.
The medical community has over and over and over again proved that it is completely incompetent in doing a study as to whether A causes B.
I mean, and something that is so obvious, like you don't, you can't have 2000 autism cases where only one was not vaccine related.
You can't have a clinic and, and you and I both know about this clinic.
It's located in the United States of America.

[SPEAKER_04]
That narrows it down.

[SPEAKER_15]
It has a bunch of physicians.
They've been operating for 25 years.
and they encourage the parents, do not vaccinate your kids.
Most of the parents take their advice, do not vaccinate their kids.
Do you know how many cases of autism there have been in the last 25 years in this clinic?

[SPEAKER_04]
I do not know directly because I do know that they allow vaccinated kids into the practice and so it's educating them.

[SPEAKER_15]
Right, but of the, yes, okay, of the kids who follow the protocol of no vaccinations, there have been no cases of autism, zero in 25 years.
Correct, zero.
In an area of the country where it has the highest rates of autism in the entire country.

[SPEAKER_04]
We hear this over and over again, the home first practice in Chicago, 30,000 individuals, no cases of autism, pediatric practice, and we are in touch.
with practices that are friendly to non-vaccinators at Children's Health Defense.
And we see much, much lower rates of autism, the incidence of autism in these practices, because they do allow vaccines, most of them do allow vaccines, are usually about one in 200, one in 250, one in 300.
Whereas, you know, now the average in California is one in 22.
A very highly vaccinated state.
And by the way, that's gone up since 2015 in the advent of SB 277.

[SPEAKER_15]
So you are a parent of an autistic kid.
And I don't know how many people know that he's severely autistic.
What happened in his case?
Was this a, can you tell us how you can make the connection between vaccines and autism in your own child?
And because clearly you didn't know that vaccines cause autism because if you had known that, you wouldn't have vaccinated your child, right?
So it couldn't be that you're an anti-vaxxer.
Could you tell us what happened with your son?

[SPEAKER_04]
We took our son into the nurse practitioner with an active ear infection.
We knew he had an active ear infection.
How old was he?
He was 15 months old.
And we had seen the ear, nose, throat doctor earlier that day, but we were such good compliant parents.
We took our sick kid in for his well-baby visit.
And when it came time for the vaccines, we actually questioned her and said, hey, he's sick.
We know he's sick.
He's got an active ear infection.
And she said, oh, we do it all the time.
He's going to be absolutely fine.
We do it all the time.
So we got the Hib, the DTaP, and the oral polio, the little drops that they put on his tongue.
The polio vaccine, he ended up, the fever lasted 18 days.
We treated it with Tylenol and when the fever broke all of his language lost all of his eye contact lost for a while.
He even refused to walk and assisted because his vestibular system was jacked up.
um and then his his bowel basically turned to mush i mean we used to call it poop soup because he could not have a stable consistent bowel movement anymore it was an overflow of diarrhea followed by constipation these cycles over and over again all of that started steve when he was vaccinated and that fever broke so and how sorry how long did it take for the fever to break again 18 days

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, that's right.

[SPEAKER_04]
And he was also screaming at the top of his lungs because he had neuroinflammation, he had brain swelling.
And so it was, you know, it's very, encephalitis.
Yeah.
Encephalopathy, encephalitis.
He's had those diagnoses.

[SPEAKER_15]
And is that, that's not normal for a fever to happen for 18 days, is it?
No.
What's the normal,

[SPEAKER_04]
Time for normal duration for me and we would take him back to the practitioner and they say, oh, he has a virus.
So he has a virus.
You know, the normal course for something like that, you know, a fever that would persist that you would have to treat with Tylenol for that period of time is is really unheard of.
I mean, you know, maybe five, six days at the max.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, and you shouldn't have given them any sort of Tylenol or what have you for the fever because that actually makes things worse.
That makes it more likely that they're going to get autism.

[SPEAKER_04]
Correct.
We did absolutely the wrong thing.
I'm good friends with William Parker, the guy that did all that groundbreaking research on Tylenol, who now has Johnson and Johnson on his back.
But yeah, yeah, we did everything wrong because we listened to our pediatrician.

[SPEAKER_15]
And after the fever broke, yes, and your son was severely autistic at that point.
And you're not an autism.
You weren't an autism expert at all.
But like you weren't before the before your son became autistic.
Could you notice instantly?
that there was a huge change in behavioral characteristics of your son after the fever broke.
I mean, was it a different child in yours?
I mean, you described some things that...
his different child.
So a parent doesn't need to be an expert in autism and be able to diagnose where on the spectrum somebody is.
I mean, these kind of changes are so radical that any parent who's paying any attention at all to their kid can notice this huge difference immediately.
Exactly.

[SPEAKER_04]
Is that correct?
You notice immediately.
All of a sudden, your son can't talk and he had 10 words before and he was babbling and it all stops.
All of a sudden, your son will not walk unassisted.
All of a sudden, he will not look at you.
He will even avoid your gaze.
I mean, we have videotape of my son before his vaccine injury
And, you know, he's jabbering, he's, you know, he's interacting with the neighbor's dog and, you know, join attention, all these different things that suddenly you lose.
And it's like, you know, they say, well, we're better at diagnosing autism now than we were.
That's why the trend is growing.
Well, you know, are we better at diagnosing train wrecks?
Because that's what happens.
That's what happens.
It is a big train wreck.

[SPEAKER_15]
That is a great example.
I like that.
Are we better at diagnosing train wrecks than we were before?
I've not heard that before, but that is so appropriate because that's what this is.

[SPEAKER_04]
We did the medical run-up on him.
You know, I'm a data geek.
And so I wanted all the data I could possibly get on my son.
And we were fortunate to get an integrated physician.
And it was like an atomic bomb went off in a system.
Everything, all systems were wrong.

[SPEAKER_15]
Okay, so so it's clear to you that there's something something has drastically changed about your child.
Did you immediately recognize at that point?
That well, my child just got autism.
I've heard that vaccines cause autism.
I just fucked up and vaccinated my kid or like, when did you come to the realization?
That
Okay, my kid now has autism and it was caused by the vaccine and I basically got screwed by the medical community and listening to their advice.
When did that moment happen?
And what happened when you went back to your pediatrician and said,
My kid is not the same kid.
The fever broke.
My kid is not the same kid.
What did your pediatrician tell you at the time?
And then when did you realize that you have been completely screwed over by the medical community?

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, the pediatrician kept on saying, oh, he's normal.
He's normal.
He's normal.
Kids grow in spurts.
They develop in spurts.
He's normal, he's normal, he's normal until his 18 month well, baby visit where she diagnosed him with autism.
So three months later, the same pediatrician that's saying it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, diagnosis him with autism and he went into a special ed preschool.

[SPEAKER_15]
And did you ask the pediatrician then, but you said he was okay before,
And now he's, he's not okay.
What's the, what is the diff, what has changed in your mind to, for you to make this diagnosis when it was pretty obvious to anybody that, that your child was not normal.
That is what you described was not normal.

[SPEAKER_04]
He was probably autistic all the time.
That is what she told us.
Oh, well, he was probably autistic all the time.
And like the train wreck,

[SPEAKER_15]
All the time.
You mean like from birth?
From birth.
All the time.
Ah, it wasn't related to the vaccine.
So when did you put two and two together that it was the vaccine
and then the fever that caused your son's autism.
Instantly it was a light switch.
And basically you were a gas lit then by the medical community saying no, no, it's coincidence, blah, blah, blah.
There are plenty of studies.
We know vaccines don't cause autism.
It's perfectly safe.
This is just a period he's going through.
Right.

[SPEAKER_04]
It's just a pair of these going through.
I looked at those studies later on, and those are the types of studies that fly out of my butt.
But at the same time, we saw on his second birthday an integrative pediatrician, and the integrative pediatrician said, no more vaccines.
Do not vaccinate this child.
We didn't have to say anything.
He just, you know, probably one, you know, within the first five minutes, he said that he said, no more vaccines.
Your son cannot take vaccines.
And immediately, immediately my wife bursts out in tears.
You know, I start crying.
Of course, we knew exactly what happened to our son.
If anything, we were in denial because you do not want to know that you inadvertently caused your son basically a lifetime of pain.

[SPEAKER_15]
Exactly.
That's what happens to so many parents is that they don't want to come to the grips that it was their fault.
And so they want to glom onto this belief that vaccines don't cause autism and they didn't cause their kid to be autistic.
Right.

[SPEAKER_04]
I have this problem.
I have eyes.
and I use them, and I saw exactly what happened.
And I've had pediatricians since then gaslight me and say, oh, well, parents are the best predictors of coincidence ever.
No, it's no freaking coincidence.
I know exactly what happened to my son.

[SPEAKER_15]
That must make you so livid.
Because when you just said that to me, I would have not punched the guy in the face, but I would have wanted to punch the guy in the face.

[SPEAKER_04]
He didn't get away with it.
Let's just put it that way.
So, you know, it was one, I told him, I said, that's extremely insulting.
And he said it in a group of autism parents that all believed in the connection of vaccines causing autism.
It was like, buddy, you better leave.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah.
So, you know, when a kid develops autism, it's a huge stress on the parents and it's a huge stress on the marriage.
Can I ask, are you still married?
And did you come close to getting divorced?
You know, a lot of times what will happen is that the father will just run out on the family, will just disappear from view, leaving the mother to take care of the kid.
I hear that that happens a lot.

[SPEAKER_04]
My wife and I are together.
It's a rocky road.
It's very, very difficult.
You really have to decide jointly that you're going to pour all of your life into that special, wonderful child.
And we agreed early on and we did things sort of atypically compared to some of the folks that we knew, parents, my son was going to developmental preschool at the time.
And we went sort of the path less traveled to quote a phrase and sound like a cliche.
It did make all the difference.
And so, you know, we've stuck together.
You either fall together or you fall apart.
I place no blame.
You know, it's such a stress on a marriage.
I place no blame on anybody whose marriage didn't survive autism because it does really bust up couples.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah.
And so how do you afford
You know, to to have an autistic kid unless you're like, you know, multimillionaire because the costs of caring for an autistic kid are are huge and the stress.
And caring for an autistic kid is huge.
And you have to do that for the rest of their lives.
And what happens when you die?
What happens to the child then?
And do you get any kind of assistance at all in terms of any kind of vaccine compensation?
You don't get any of that.
You don't get any help at all.
And you probably have medical bills that are sky high.
And how do people afford to care for an autistic kid?

[SPEAKER_04]
You creative financing.
I'm surprised that there is a market for financial advisors for the parents of autistic kids, you know, because it's so prevalent and it's so difficult.
And, you know, we'll see a therapeutic intervention that we think is going to work well for my son.
And it's like, honey, let's melt another credit card.
And we'll see what we can do, but it is it is very taxing.
It is very time consuming.
I'm 61 years old.
My son is 27 years old now.
And so we are looking at that time.
Like, we, we got my, my son is not out of home placement would never be appropriate for him.
And so he better have a home and a staff when, you know, my wife and I became worm food.
And so we are planning for that and looking at that already.
You do have to pick and choose.
You can't just do things that you would just really like to do.
but we find the most effective treatments and you figure it out.
I mean, I've thrown church fundraisers for my son's treatments before and have had some very, very gracious people in the community that have not had to go through what we've gone through.
And so, you know, you do look to your neighbors and our neighbors by and large have been really, really helpful.

[SPEAKER_15]
How much has your son improved from the early days has been all these treatments, you know, he's he's I'm blanking on the age, but you said it was twenty twenty twenty nine.
Twenty seven.

[SPEAKER_04]
OK. Yeah.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah.
So he's twenty seven years old now.
Has he, and you've got all these resources from CHD and talking to the autism experts and so forth and you're a scientist, you know what works and what doesn't work and reading the papers.
Have you been able to find anything that's actually worked that's been helpful in recovering him and how much has he recovered?

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, really treating a gut, I mean, it sounds, you know, if you're in the autism community, you hear this over and over again, but you don't treat the gut and you're done.
The gut is unstable in these kids.
It is unstable.
And so you have to continue to treat the gut.
And we were unsuccessful for many, many years.
We did get, he was accumulating toxic heavy metals.
We got them all out.
We laid the groundwork for everything.
And then when we really started treating the gut in earnest,
Then we saw that he was teachable.
He was educable at that point in time because he was no longer in pain.
So treating the gut was really, really essential.
I love Sabine Hazan.
She is really, really on to something with that.
We've worked with other practitioners as well.
Uh, and then the other thing I would recommend, because my son is not reliably verbal, he cannot reliably speak, uh, is spellers.
Spellers, you know, is such a movement, you know, JB Handley, um, and that's been a game changer for him.
And he's only been openly communicating with us for about a year now.
And, but it's made all the difference.

[SPEAKER_15]
Fecal transplants have you done that to repair the gut?

[SPEAKER_04]
We have not tried that yet.
It's something that we would we would like to try I hear great results for fecal transplants There's other ways to modulate the gut besides fecal transplants, but you know, it's one of those things you put it on the shortlist
And then you decide, you know, what are we going to do first?
What are we going to do next?
As a scientist, my house is the house of many clinical trials.
And so we just keep going.
We just queue them up and schedule them up.
If it works, great.
If it doesn't, then we move on.

[SPEAKER_15]
How much progress has your son made since he was first diagnosed?
You know, all these treatments, have they made a difference?
Have they made like 10% difference, 20% difference, no difference?
What's the...

[SPEAKER_04]
He became, he went from being sort of functionally uneducable to being a genius in calculus, a genius in physics.
He knows German.
He cannot speak.
He still has oral dyspraxia and we're working on that.
Uh, but his trajectory now is graduate school and he wants to go to your alma mater, Steve curse MIT.
Um, and that is, that is definitely within the realm of possibilities because of healing his gut, because of the years and years and years we spent healing his gut.
And then also because of spellers, which unlocked him.

[SPEAKER_15]
Wow.
Stunning story.
So he'll never recover his speech?
I don't know.

[SPEAKER_04]
I don't know.
We don't take anything off of the table.
Because I know God can do anything with my son.
So we will not take speaking off of the table and we're looking at oral dyspraxia and being able to help fix that.
Right now, he's got so many motor issues that frankly, we have bigger fish to fry.

[SPEAKER_15]
Wow.
If you were to quantify the number of hours per day that you spend at work versus caring for your son,
What would those numbers be?

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, we don't get a whole lot of sleep.
We've sort of learned how to function in that type of environment.
You know, and so I work a full day.
I do get to do what I love.
But then I go home and I'm spelling with my son.
I'm tending to his son.
He needs 24-7 care.
And so my wife will stay up with him because he does not sleep very much.
And then I get up in the morning early with them that could be anywhere between one o'clock in the morning, which was this morning.
He woke me up at one o'clock in the morning was ready for his day or it could be six o'clock in the morning.
And so you name it.
I mean, you know, you spend the well every night.
when you go to bed.
And so it's a very, very arduous lifestyle.
You know, we learn a lot about suffering.
We learn a lot about being able to be happy but not get what we want all the time.
That's made a big difference for us.
But it is a very, very hard lifestyle.
And I really think that I speak for most parents that are actively intervening for their children.
It's just your life.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, so I know that there are groups on on Facebook, autistic groups on Facebook, and they I've tried to do surveys to find out how many of those cases are vaccine related.
And what happens is that nobody responds to your survey.
Either because they're not seeing the survey or because the people in this group, because I didn't want people who.
Associated vaccines and I really wanted to talk to people who are not in that camp to understand.
um what happened and and i was unable to to crack that veil of silence and i went to a a local autistic um uh treatment uh center uh near me and i asked to talk to the doctor to talk about hey you know can you confirm for me just want to i want to get an independent uh assessment as to whether vaccines related autism and then you never hear back
They don't want to talk about it.
Nobody wants to talk about it.
They just want to let the problem continue to happen.
And they don't want to talk about it so that they don't put any blame or they're not considered to be an anti-vaxxer or anti-medicine or anti-science.
And, you know, this has gone on for way too long.
Nine, nine papers, 10 papers, depending on how you count, showing the connection.
No papers that are reliable that compare the fully vaccinated and fully unvaxxed and calculated odds ratio are going to see this.
It's so corrupt.
It seems like the best way to do the study is to actually do a questionnaire.
And this is not be very expensive to do.
No.
And it's easy to get IRB approval.
You just ask the parents.
You say, tell me, when did your child exhibit this change in behavior?
Tell me what the date was.
Can you tell me when the child was next vaccinated?
And can you tell me when the child was vaccinated previous to this?
Then you look at the time difference between vaccines, right?
Because if the child is vaccinated every day, I guarantee you that the child will always develop autism shortly after a vaccine because the child's vaccinated every day.
So you have to look at the vaccine before and vaccine after and I'll use my head here.
If the if the autism is happening on 1 end of the scale here and all the autism cases are here versus.
In the middle, which is what should be happening if it's not related then.
you have essentially a cause and effect that cannot be explained any other way.
All it needs is a parent survey asking, hey, when did your child, when did you first notice?
And can you tell me when the child had got his last vaccine and maybe which vaccines it was?
Can you tell me when the child got the next vaccines?
That's it.
right three questions very very simple very elegant study why is that so difficult for someone to do why has nobody done that study it's a dirty little secret it's something that in the autism community you don't do it's like saying words like tampon in church it's just not done you just

[SPEAKER_04]
Do not, and then you sneak around and you say it quietly, you know, like, to the church elder tampon, you know you don't you very quietly will people come out of the woodwork and say yeah was his caused by vaccines to.
And it's very much a dirty word.
I'm very proudly anti-vaccine now.
I'm very, very, you know, you want to know about vaccines, you want to know about vaccines jacking up my kid, you don't want to know how to avoid jacking up your kid.
Pretty easy, pretty straightforward stuff.
And the studies that show the opposite to take them apart is like sandblasting a soup cracker
It is very, very easy.
You've taken these studies apart.
I've taken these studies apart.
It's a very, very thin veneer of propaganda that's dressed up as a study.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah.
So I'm going to try to pursue this idea of the survey, because what you do is you go and you get four different research groups to do the survey.
It's so easy.
All four do it.
They use different methods for picking.
for picking the families that they send the survey to.
Maybe it's a doctor who treats autism cases and you take all of their patients and the doctor then says, hey, there's a study going on.
Would you like to participate in the study encouraging all of my patients to participate in the study?
Not hard to find participants.
And it's not biased.
It just says, hey,
Um, just want to know, give me the date.
Give me the age of the child.
Give me the date of the last vaccines.
Give me the date of the next vaccines.
That's it.
Not, not making any kind of, uh, judgment calls, just asking for objective information that, uh, survey.

[SPEAKER_04]
Sure.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
Not hard.

[SPEAKER_15]
Now, I mean, what do you think the cost of that kind of research would be?
I think it would be pretty cheap, right?
Because you just write the survey, you get an IRB approved, you run the survey.
Are we talking like $10,000, $20,000?

[SPEAKER_04]
I think about $20,000, you know, looking at paying the IRB, you know, if it's a, if it's not done at the university, it has your own IRB.
If I have to pay the IRB, you might have to pay the statistician.
So, but yeah, $15, $20,000.
You could do a study like that.

[SPEAKER_15]
So you do four for, you do four for, for 80,000.
So for a hundred grand, we could find out for sure whether vaccines cause autism.
Oh yeah.
No doubt about it.
You got four groups and they all get the same result and it's all stunning.
We're done.
Cost you a hundred grand.

[SPEAKER_04]
Right.
That could be our tax dollars at work, you know.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, we're spending all of this money on ignoring the problem.
Exactly.
Exactly.

[SPEAKER_04]
You know, when you've got an elephant living room, there's a lot of cleaning up for that elephant.

[SPEAKER_15]
You know, maybe I could reach out to Dave Weldon.
and have him coordinate this as payback.
Like, wouldn't it be, wouldn't that be poetic justice that the guy that Bill Cassidy said, no way in hell should this guy be the head of CDC?
I think it is so poetic justice for this guy to expose
that it was vaccines causing autism and that he was right and that Cassidy has injured so many kids with Cassidy's attitude.

[SPEAKER_04]
On this on his watch on his watch and and so it's it's it's so unfortunate.
But yeah, Steve, you're absolutely right.
This is not a hard question to answer.
It's a hard thing to cover up.
It's a hard thing to bury.
They spent, you know, three million dollars just in the Institute of Medicine in order to bury the relationship of vaccines and autism back in 2004.
And they had to pay epidemiologists, they had to pay public health experts, they had to pay neurologists, and they all were able to be bought off.
Yep.

[SPEAKER_15]
So have you talked to Dave Weldon, by the way?

[SPEAKER_04]
I have.
You have to give us number.
I do not.
I do not have Dave Weldon's phone number.
I do know how to get in touch with him, but I do not have his direct phone number.
So he's a very, very nice, very, very honest, principled man.
He would have been a great CDC director.
And I hope to high heaven there's some way that we could still do it.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yep.
As do I.
Huge, huge.
problem that, you know, especially that Trump didn't go to bat for him, right?
I don't know that Trump did, you know, did Trump even lift a finger to help Weldon get confirmed?

[SPEAKER_04]
I don't know.
I really, I really am not sure.
I mean, he's he's been on the short list for, you know, so many years to be the perfect individual.
I mean, if anybody was ever born to be CDC director was Dave Weldon.
and given his pedigree, given his practice.

[SPEAKER_15]
Imagine a doctor who knows about medicine as the head of the CDC.
Wow, that'd be so game changing, wouldn't it?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, yeah.

[SPEAKER_15]
Gangster move.
Yeah.
Okay.
I'm getting some signals from Livio that we have to wrap it up here.
But we're going for an hour, so.

[SPEAKER_04]
We wanna talk about the Autism Health Summit, so good.
Oh, sure, sure.
Autism Health Summit coming up in San Diego, April 11th through 13th.
Be there, I will be there.
There's so many good, wonderful individuals who are gonna be featured
in presentations and the exhibit booths.
I'm really, really excited for this conference.
I believe that you can just enter in autismhealth.org and that will take you to the autism health website and you can click on the button for the summit and you can register.

[SPEAKER_15]
Great.
So good.
All right.
Well, good.
Thank you.
Thank you so much, Brian.
It's always a pleasure.
And I really enjoyed speaking with you today.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thank you so much.
It was my pleasure, Steve.
