[SPEAKER_04]
Psychic spies from China try to steal your minds elation And little girls from Sweden dream of silver screen quotation And if you want these kind of dreams it's Californication
it's the edge of the world in all of western civilization the sun may rise in the east at least it's settled in a final location it's understood that hollywood sells californication
very well to break the spell of aging
to the world in my very own constellation.
A teenage bride with a baby inside getting high on information.
And buy me a star and I will live on.
in the Hollywood basement and Kobe can you hear this fear singing songs off station to station?

[SPEAKER_03]
vacation.

[SPEAKER_04]
Destruction leads to a very rough road, but it also breeds creation An earthquake's out to a girl's guitar, that's just another good vibration
than the rest there is no chance but this is what you're craving

[SPEAKER_03]
Yes, sir

[SPEAKER_00]
Tonight on VSRF Live, we're joined by renowned COVID expert and British medical physician, Dr. Philip McMillan, who's been a tireless advocate for better understanding the long-term health impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic.

[SPEAKER_05]
Based on my research, certainly early in the pandemic, about autoimmunity, I would be very concerned at some of the implications on the recurring infection.
And when I talk about it, and this is what I mean in terms of what I call the COVID storm,
In that, what you have is COVID vaccine immune priming on the right and then recurring COVID infection on the left.
And the two together, based on my extrapolation of the autoimmune science, could lead to the COVID storm.
That's where a lot of people just get sick with unusual patterns of disease.
And that was the point that I was making in terms of trying to understand where we are now.

[SPEAKER_00]
Good evening, everyone, and welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm your host, Livio Sanchez, and I'm honored to be here with you tonight.
Tonight, we're taking a deep dive into the autoimmunity phenomenon and the ongoing health consequences of the pandemic, issues that continue to impact lives worldwide.
The esteemed Dr. Philip McMillan will be joining us this evening.
Dr. McMillan is a leading expert in autoimmune diseases and immune system responses.
Throughout this entire pandemic, Dr. McMillan has been remarkably insightful, offering accurate and timely perspectives that have guided so many in understanding the complex health challenges we face.
With his extensive research into post-viral and post-vaccination conditions, he brings invaluable expertise to tonight's conversation.
Together, we'll explore the actual science, address unanswered questions, and examine broader solutions for health and recovery.
But first, I'd like to bring on VSRF founder, Steve Kirsch.
Steve, welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you doing this evening?

[SPEAKER_06]
I'm doing good.
I just got a present today, very unexpected.
A gift?
What's the gift and who's it from?
A gift.
It's actually from this guy, Henjin, who I occasionally interact with.
And he's always looking to take me down on stuff.
And so sometimes we'll take a look at his stuff and see if he's got anything there.
And he mentioned to me that, hey, there's this new data that was introduced by the Czech Republic.
And that was produced by the Czech Republic.
And so I said, wow, really?
And I went over there and looked at it.
It's awesome.
I downloaded it right before the episode.
It's 1.3 gigabytes.
And I can't wait to cut into it because
It's I think this will be really stunning.
It's official record level data.
And it's from the Czech Republic and say got 11 million records or 11 million, 11 million population.

[SPEAKER_00]
So you haven't unwrapped it yet.
You're still sitting on that.

[SPEAKER_06]
I just yeah, I'm like making my I was literally writing the code to analyze the data during the intro.
So I'm in VS code.
I'm just starting to write the Python file to analyze this data because it's in a different format than the FOIA data.
So I have to go write some new code to analyze.
It'll probably take me about 30 minutes to do that.
But it's stunning that nobody, no epidemiologist has written about this.
Can you imagine?
I mean, you'd think they'd be all over this that, wow, new check data shows vaccine safe and effective.
They are the only people in the entire world ever to release record level data officially, voluntarily, not even via a FOIA request.

[SPEAKER_00]
No lawyers forcing them to release it.
They're just doing it on their own.
Yeah.
Interesting.
Yeah, I can't believe it.

[SPEAKER_06]
Will you be able to use this in your debate?
Christmas?
Yeah, absolutely.
It's like Christmas gift for misinformation, super spreaders, slightly.
And actually, it was delivered in November.
I didn't even know it.
They didn't even send me a postcard saying, hey, we'll have a little Christmas gift for you.
No, they waited till today.
Yeah.
Well, no, no, they didn't wait.
It's just I found out about it just by accident.
Oh, wow.
When Henshin let me know.

[SPEAKER_00]
Wow.
Well, I know you're going to want to get to that very quickly.
And you have to you have a conversation with the judges as well.
So I want to bring on our guests because we're a little short on your time.
So I'm going to go ahead and bring on our featured guest tonight, Dr. Philip McMillan.
Welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you this evening, sir?
I am fine.
Thank you very much for having me.
It's an honor to have you.
I'm going to read your bio before I let you and Steve start talking and introduce you to our audience.
Dr. Philip McMillan is an experienced physician and renowned researcher with over 20 years of experience in understanding complex medical conditions.
He is a recognized leader in the fields of autoimmune diseases, COVID-19 research, and dementia treatment.
Dr. McMillan pioneered the theory of autoimmunity related to ACE2 receptors in COVID-19, which he first proposed in April of 2020, developed in collaboration with Professor Bruce Yuall,
This groundbreaking work has provided critical insights into the long-term health consequences of the virus.
A sought-after international keynote speaker, Dr. McMillan has presented at medical conferences across the globe and has made significant contributions to dementia research.
His commitment to reversing dementia remains strong.
and he continues to advance innovative approaches to its treatment.
Dr. McMillan leads VGEN Health Limited and McMillan Research Limited organizations focused on advancing innovative treatments for a range of complex health conditions, including COVID-19, dementia, osteoporosis, and type 2 diabetes.
His work bridges the gap between cutting edge medical research and practical health care applications.
And I, for one, am a fan of your work because you explain it in a way that
Like, I can understand.
It's so calm.
It's not pushing one direction or another.
It's just only the way you can do it.
So thank you for all the work you've been doing, Dr. McMillan.
Wonderful.
Thank you.
Thank you very much for that.
Lovely.
Yes.
Yeah.
And I'm going to let you and Steve have at it.
I'll be back for Q&A.
And if you have a question, put it all caps in the chat and we'll try to get to as many as we can at the end of the interview.
Take it away, Steve.

[SPEAKER_06]
So you're finding trouble if people got the vaccine and it's not related to COVID.
So in other words, are you finding issues of people who have COVID and then have issues after COVID or is it specifically they got the COVID vaccine and its issues related to the safe and effective COVID vaccine?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, first you have to understand where I'm coming from, from the scientific point of view.
My view is that if you don't include autoimmune responses in your understanding around the pandemic, nothing makes sense.
And the principle was from the start, which is simply that the spike protein binds to normal proteins in your body.
That was a simple question that I had at the beginning of the pandemic.
And I said that if ACE2 binds to the spike protein and the immune system then triggers the targeting of ACE2, which was the entry receptor, you get a cytokine storm, which is technically an autoimmune response.
So from the very start, I was saying, goodness, from a scientific point of view, we have got to be careful with how we approach managing the pandemic.
And it was so important with regards to understanding that you use immunosuppression in good doses.
This is why steroids work.
We have never used steroids in that kind of way for viral disease, working better than antivirals.
So the understanding then clues us into the fact
fact, that once you then have the situation of bringing in a vaccine, you've got to be very targeted if you're going to use it because there are risks.
That was my point at the beginning.
I said, listen, if you're going to use it, target it to the high risk.
You know who is high risk, protect them first and then see what happens.
What then exploded beyond 2021 was that we went after everybody because there wasn't the understanding about transmission of infection and so on and so they had this bright idea that if you vaccinate the whole population you stop the pandemic.
If you know anything about this virus, there was no way to stop it like that.
It could only be stopped by adequate mucosal immunity, which is herd immunity, in the cohort who was not at significant risk for severe disease.
That's how I think when we look back 50 years, we will see that that was the most obvious thing to do.
And you know what's interesting?
I suspect that if the industry had done what they were supposed to do,
there wouldn't have been any way to question easily the issues that are coming up now.
They made a huge gamble.
And I think it's going to come back and blow up in their faces.

[SPEAKER_06]
OK, so but you haven't answered the my question was vaccine versus virus.
You're going to get the same kind of autoimmune response for either one or is it happen in the vaccine only or the virus only or both?

[SPEAKER_05]
It's a bit more complex because one of the strange things that they did with the mRNA vaccine is that they made a slight adjustment on the receptor binding domain.
They put in two proline residues there.
They said to stabilize the spike protein.
But in effect, I think that they were going against trying to protect against the spike protein binding to ACE2.
So this is probably why we see a difference in the vaccine formulations.
They didn't do that with Johnson & Johnson, didn't do that with AstraZeneca.
So that one, those two tended to have more obvious autoimmune kind of responses, and this is why in the long run you see those two have kind of disappeared.
the spike protein from the mRNA because of that adjustment seem to have impacted on ACE2 binding, but what they've forgotten is that there are multiple other proteins that will bind to the spike protein.
It will just present in a different way, possibly a longer time frame to present the disease, but it doesn't mean that the autoimmunity and the autoimmune priming is not there.
That's part of the challenge.

[SPEAKER_06]
Okay, but
is one more dangerous than the other?

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, it depends on how you want to look at it.

[SPEAKER_06]
I get that it's different, okay, but translate that qualitatively.
Okay, let's think about it.
If I give you a choice of getting the COVID vaccine or the COVID virus, which one would you take?

[SPEAKER_05]
Okay, that depends on your risk.
If you were talking at the beginning, if you were high risk, diabetic, overweight,
and you because we didn't know what we did then and that person because we know they're a high risk you would say to them listen on balance if you haven't faced the virus yet it would make sense for you to take that risk because we didn't know all the long-term risk that risk at that point but if you're talking about a 20 year old female
who where we know the females have a significantly lower risk of severe COVID-19.
If they're young, they didn't have any significant risks.
Why would that individual be encouraged to then take the vaccine when the risks are so low and you don't know the medium and long term risks?

[SPEAKER_06]
Who cares?
It's a vaccine, you know, they always promote the vaccine, right?
No matter what the data says.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, I understand what they were doing with the promotion.
I'm saying that from a scientific point of view.
Right.
Makes no sense.
At that time was one, if somebody already had the infection and had natural immunity,
Why then would you then vaccinate them?
And that concept of hybrid immunity came up, which from an autoimmune perspective was, in my mind, very, very dangerous because you already had people who had moderate to severe COVID.
It would therefore mean they had triggered an autoimmune response.
If you then vaccinate that kind of individual, are you increasing their risks in the longer term?
The only study that looked at it got pulled from an Indian group who did the research.
They put it out and in that they found that the cohort who had already
had COVID and then were vaccinated had a higher risk than those who didn't.
The vaccine manufacturers at the time then threatened to sue them for publishing that.
So it had to be pulled from the paper.
We don't have that kind of research to demonstrate these important questions.
That's where it really becomes problematic.
They sued them for what?
Well, I think they were going to sue them if they didn't pull the paper.
Sue them for what?
If they didn't retract the paper.
Well, they disagreed with the outcome.
I can't remember the details.
I was going to speak with one of the professors on the paper to discuss exactly what had happened in the background.
But it was fascinating.
That was one of the few papers ever to address that specific question.
What were the outcomes for people who already had COVID and were vaccinated?
What were the outcomes in that hybrid group?

[SPEAKER_06]
So we're basically not allowed to know that because if you wrote a paper to discover the truth, you'd be sued.
And so it's important that we keep that information from the public, right?

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, I guess from a liability point of view, I can understand that industry is trying to block certain questions.
My issue is not about the argument about who is right or wrong.
My question is back to public health.
If we have a cohort of the population who is at higher risk for any condition, should we know?
If we know what that condition is and if we know those risks, should we do something about it?
That's the bit that gets me from a clinical point of view.
I'm saying, I use the equivalence of hypertension and saying, listen, if somebody had hypertension, if their blood pressure was up for a long period of time, for whatever reason, do you want to know?
Do you want to address it?
Do you want to come up with strategies to mitigate what will come five to 10 years down the line if they have a stroke or heart disease or so on?
This is where we are now.
we need to find out which cohorts in the population are at the highest risks for longer-term negative outcomes.
We can only do that if we look hard at the data.

[SPEAKER_06]
So would you recommend the COVID vaccine to anyone?
You mean at this point?
Either at this point or so knowing what you know now.
If you could go back in time, would you recommend the COVID vaccine to any person at any time, knowing what you know now?

[SPEAKER_05]
Okay.
When we look at the outcomes from severe COVID-19,
There is no doubt that the vaccine had an impact on the presentation of severe COVID-19.
But what I was arguing, especially when earlier... Impact being positive or negative?
Yeah, positive.
It had an impact in terms of decreasing the risk of severe COVID-19.
But what I was pulling for, what I was looking for was that, okay, you've got a cohort that impacts on the presentation with severe COVID-19 coming into hospital, but does it impact on all-cause mortality?
That's a different question.

[SPEAKER_06]
Okay, I'm interested in the all-cause mortality question because I got a little million dollar bet going.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, so well, and I think that that is the bit that we have really struggled to get the answers for.
And that's why your bet is so very, very important, because it's a critical piece of the question, is that did we actually make a difference when we look at the fact that excess deaths
are still elevated across the Western countries and again I've been calling this out.
I saw this from January 2022 when we looked at the European EuroMomo data and I was saying listen we've clearly got a problem here because excess debts are high in cohorts who shouldn't really be dying at high rates.
something is wrong and we need to make sure, I call it the elephant in the room, we make sure that that's not the cause.
Now that really gets a lot of people twitched that you even ask it, but these are important questions.
Yeah, okay, so you don't know the answer to that, right?
Well, I tell you what I say to patients.
At the time, beginning, when somebody asked me about that, because at that time I understood the autoimmune principle, but I couldn't tell whether or not my extrapolation of the science could guarantee what was going to happen at that point.
So, I said, if you are in the high-risk group and you could look at, I think it was the Oxford Q score, and you could see the difference.
If you put in your numbers, your age, your weight, your comorbidities, it would spit out a number that would say, listen, you are at a very high risk or you're intermediate or you're low risk.
In that situation, if somebody was concerned or afraid, absolutely, they needed to do what was right for them.
They need to understand as well that we didn't have the data that could clearly say what the long-term implications were.
So whenever anyone was saying safe and effective, I'm saying you have no idea because we don't know the medium and long-term data.
What you can say is what has happened in that moment.

[SPEAKER_06]
I know the answer because I've got a million dollars at stake on this and I'm pretty motivated to find the answer.
So I did something that apparently no one's done before, which is I actually went to the CDC, downloaded the vaccination data and downloaded the mortality data for every county in the United States of America.
And when you do the analysis on it,
you get a very stunning result.
And it's statistically significant in 15 out of 16 plots.
And in the one that's not statistically significant, it's like 95% of the probability that it made things worse.
But it basically shows that the counties that vaccinated more had more deaths.
than the counties that vaccinated less.
So, I mean, the simple case is you have two counties, one that was highly vaccinated, you have another county that was not highly vaccinated, the mortality rate in the lowly vaccinated county didn't go up at all, and the mortality rate in the highly vaccinated county doubled.
Do you think that might be a signal?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, I'm completely understanding of where you're coming from.
But I tell you what I would want to have happen is a bit more detail to pull back.
So I'll tell you what I did, because I also got the ONS statistics from the UK.
Now, I'm not a statistician, but I'm able to just look at numbers and try and see if I can extrapolate it.
And when I did those numbers from the ONS statistics,
I found a flag that was very very concerning.
Now the first thing is that when people say that there is an improvement in mortality for say the non-Covid risks
for people who are vaccinated, that in the first place is a red flag to me, because there shouldn't be an impact on non-COVID mortality, heart disease and so on.
So if you are seeing protection, that would indicate that there is a mechanism that is impacting on the way how mortality occurs, and I suspect it's immune suppression.
What you then have is almost invariably is that when you pull it back, when whatever protective factor disappears, you expect a rebound in terms of mortality.
So when I looked at the data, what I found, which was very worrying, was that the two groups who really stood out, and it was the group who had only one and those who had two after six months,
And what was clear is that their numbers, their mortality risk seemed to be much higher than the unvaccinated.
So you then have to think, what was it that made them only take one or only take two?
If it was because they had an adverse effect, you then have to think that has it therefore caused long-term damage to this cohort?
Do they need to be treated in a different way?
Is this a cohort that we really need to focus on to understand what is going on?
And if this happened to them, does it mean that in time,
If the same cohort has been boosted six times, if they wait two years, will there be a rebound change in their mortality risk?
These are really important questions, and these should be public health questions, but without a shadow of a doubt, I suspect that what you have seen there is
relevant.
You just have to look at the countries that did the vaccination in the way they did.
I think the most important country for which we still haven't got the full data was New Zealand.
New Zealand was what we call a perfect example of studying the impact of the vaccines cleanly, because they didn't really have circulation of COVID, and then seeing what happened when that country was opened up and they faced the virus.
What was the impact on mortality?
And that data is still not there.

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, it kept hitting you from view.
Exactly.
This is what I mean.
I can't understand why it would be hidden from view.
And funny thing is that none of the epidemiologists in New Zealand are willing to publish their analysis of the data that was disclosed by Barry Young, who leaked about a third of the New Zealand records.
But the check records, man, that's the mother load.
I looked at the data dictionary before the show and it's got like it, it's got the comorbidity index and it's got a record for it.
Every person's got when they got faxed, it's got when they died, it's got one week resolution, which is fine for me because I just care about one year mortality by brand and I can do that and I can slice it so that
I just look at people with a DCCI score of zero or score one or two or three or four, goes up to five, and I can say, hey, equivalent comorbidities, why is there an all-cause mortality difference between Pfizer and Moderna?
You know, so I can look at that and you can compare them with other vaccines.
Unfortunately, for us, there were only really three vaccines that had any volume in the Czech Republic.
It would be really nice to get this data from someplace like the United States.
But of course, they never publish anything close to this level of detail for the data so that people can independently analyze it.
There was some good data from Hungary.
And they said, data freely available upon request.
I requested over a year ago.
And I've been sending emails periodically saying, hey, how's it going?
It's been a year since I've made in my request.
Have you had a chance to review it yet?
And it's like, you never get a response.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, I think that when I reflect on it, I can only assume that people are not thinking about how important it is to dissect it.
And this is what I'm saying is that at one side you have an argument as were we right, were we wrong, who is, you know, and you're kind of having a bet.
But I'm saying from a clinical perspective,
From a population health perspective, we have to know the implications because it will be long-term implications.
It's going to be presenting with disease for years to come.
It's almost as if you're not screening for autoimmune disease again and you're just leaving it alone.
We can't do that.

[SPEAKER_06]
Ah, but they're doing it.
Let's hope that RFK Jr. gets confirmed.
I talked to a friend of mine who works at HHS, very high level.
And he told me that 80% of the people at HHS are focused right now on making sure that RFK Jr. is not confirmed as the next head of HHS.
There are 19% of the people that do work at HHS will follow the data.
So they're honest brokers, but 80% won't.
And then there's the 1%.
And the 1% is secretly cheering for RFK Jr. to get into that position.
And so it's interesting about talk about alignment of the stars here.
HHS is definitely aligned, according to my source, against having any of this stuff change and so that we can do the things that you're talking about.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, one of the things that is clearly coming out, and I say it often, and people don't like it who are in the scientific and medical community, is that for a vast majority of the population, the trust is broken.
It's like glass.
It's shattered.
You can't just stick it back together.
You have to rebuild from the base up.
And that's hard work.
And the first thing that you have to do is you have to be transparent.
That's the thing that everybody can sense that there is still no transparency.
We're getting paper after paper that is saying that, wow, this is so incredible, the benefits of the vaccines.
And there were benefits.
This is an important point.
It's not that there weren't any benefits.
But if you use a technology inappropriately, I use the example of anticoagulation.
You can put everybody on anticoagulation and you'll reduce the risk of them having strokes, but you will make a lot of people bleed to death.
And just because you can use something with a benefit, if you use it inappropriately, you will cause disease and cause harm.
That's the bit that doesn't seem to want to get acknowledged.
That's the bit that doesn't want to, and without that transparency, not only will the public not trust, but we are going to put a lot of people at risk.

[SPEAKER_06]
So I actually,
didn't believe until very recently that there were any advantages of taking the COVID vaccine, that there was any benefit.
And I recently found out there actually is a benefit, there was a benefit for the COVID vaccine.
One benefit that I found, so I have to acknowledge it,
Can you guess what it is?
And then I'll tell you.
It surprised me.

[SPEAKER_05]
All right.
I would have guessed when I looked at the, I'm thinking about clinically and when I looked at the data is that it had some, definitely had some impact on the presentation of severe COVID-19.
Are you saying no?

[SPEAKER_06]
I don't think it had that benefit, but I didn't really look into it because my thing is all about mortality.
OK. And so what I found was that there's strong data that the COVID vaccine increased your risk of getting COVID.
Now, we know that from the Cleveland Clinic trial, or the Cleveland Clinic study, and there were three of them, and there are about seven other studies that confirm the same thing.
Most recently, there was a study in Japan which found the same thing.
The more times you get shot, the more times you get COVID.
So if you're looking to get COVID, then
Getting the shot may be your way to do it.
You know, you could go to a COVID party, but so, so here's the weird thing that I found is that when people get COVID, then they get natural immunity from COVID, right?
So if you got the shots early, like in March, April, May, before Delta,
then essentially you increased your risk of getting COVID.
And if you got COVID, then you may be less likely to die in Delta.
So it's this sort of like weird thing that I never expected to be a benefit that, wow, they just kind of like got lucky and got the vaccine out to give people COVID in advance of Delta coming.
And that may have saved some lives.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, as I said, once you understand the science as to how you get severe COVID, that makes perfect sense in the sense that once you've been exposed to the virus,
the chances of getting severe disease is significantly, I mean, I think I'm trying to remember the numbers.
I don't want to say a number, but it's really, really low.
And it's really because of how the virus caused severe disease.
In order for it to do what it did, it had to evade the interferon response.
This is why a lot of people had no symptoms.
But it would get down into the lungs,
And then when the immune system recognizes, kind of like getting into the basement of the White House, it will trigger the National Guard to come out for a burglary, gets there.
And that's what happens, that triggers the severe disease.
But once somebody has been exposed,
you can't have that interferon that delayed interferon so easily and so therefore once there is exposure then they don't get severe so in that sense you could be right is that if they got the vaccine and again you'd have to ask why is it that having the vaccine would increase the risk of covid that's another important scientific question but if they then got covid
that would then build their natural immunity.
But here is where we are.

[SPEAKER_06]
Not the vaccine.
That's the key thing.
It wasn't the vaccine.
The vaccine basically invited them to a COVID party effectively.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, and the only way to get the immunity that you need is to have mucosal immunity, and the vaccine can't do that.
That is the reality.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yes, in fact, did you know that it actually suppresses your IgA RBD response?

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, not only that it suppresses it, it did have very, very weak response, but not only is it a weak response, but it then becomes a spike targeted response.
And one of the really interesting facts about the natural immunity
is that natural immunity doesn't really use the spike protein that much.
Only 20% of the epitopes are for the spike protein.
Most of the epitopes that it uses are for ORF proteins.
That means that it uses more cellular, you know, T cell targeted immunity.
So natural immunity is on a completely different wavelength.
And what we seem to be having now
is that because we vaccinated the population for a spike response, they can't seem to get out of the response, which is why we still have high circulation of the virus.
That is the most serious point that I'm getting at.
I'm saying if you have an immune-primed population and you have the virus circulating over and over,
The implications from a health point of view are frightening.
We need to address that urgently.

[SPEAKER_06]
So what steps would you recommend that we do?

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, there are no easy answers.
Wait, are we on rumble?
Yes, so I can say.
Well, the first thing that you have to do is that you have to recognize that there is no easy way out of this.
And I remember when I was speaking with Gert some time ago, I think this was probably last year, and he was saying that we need population-level antivirals.
And if you're using population-level antivirals, the only thing you can be using are things like ivermectin and hydroxychloroquine.
These are the only kinds of drugs that have been tested at population level that can potentially impact on the circulation of the virus.
Our big problem is that no matter which way we go at the moment, it seems that a significant proportion of the vaccinated cohort can't control the infection.
And the other thing that I'm worried about that I can't prove, but it's instinctive that I think that this is where the answer lies, is that we are likely to have a relatively small percentage of super spreaders.
meaning that there are people most likely vaccinated with weak mucosal immunity.
They cannot get rid of the virus and they are persistently circulating it in wherever they go.
If we could identify who those people are,
and then use antivirals with them to try and suppress the response or to suppress the circulation, then we have a chance.
But at the moment, it is just round after round after round of variant after variant after variant.
This is very serious population level because every cycle of the infection is hitting the immune system.
A lot of people don't know that the virus takes out your lymphocytes.
This is really, really concerning where we are now.

[SPEAKER_06]
So again, let's say tomorrow you're in charge of the World Health Organization.
What do you do?
Okay.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, you start off with the highly vaccinated regions because this is where our biggest problem is.
I would say, yep, we have to use population level antivirals.
the same time but but only on people who you've tested just who are no no no at the moment because we don't have any an effective way of doing that we just have to use it broadly the truth is is that the cohort that is least likely to need it is the unvaccinated cohort
So therefore, it's most likely in the higher risk vaccinated cohorts that we need to have antiviral to try and suppress the circulation of the virus.
One.
Two, we definitely need autopsies.
We need so many autopsies.
Every time people are dying, and I'm not talking about dying of COVID, I'm just talking about people who are dying, especially in unusual ways.
We need to figure out what is happening inside their bodies.
We need to look at the blood vessels to see whether or not there's inflammation.
We need to look at the organs.
because there's a high probability that we may need to use immune suppression on some people who are continuously exposed.
Three, the other interesting thing that Gert had said that I thought was fascinating is the use of live attenuated vaccines.
This could either be, and I think Professor Stabel-Benn said the same thing, is that these vaccines have the capability of stimulating innate immunity and so therefore will broaden the immune response and give the population a better chance to get on top of COVID.
So that would be your measles, potentially mumps and even the TB, BCG vaccines.
Again, targeting your vaccinated cohorts because they are at the highest risk and we have to figure out a way to stop the circulation of the virus.
Eventually, if we do nothing, it will sort itself out by targeting the people who are circulating most in
they are the ones who sadly will end up with complications and when people die that's when the virus stops circulating.
But it is that serious a situation we have at the moment that we have to really, this is why I think with RFK, hopefully we have a voice coming in who is willing to rock the boat because at the moment with just continuing with what we're doing this is a disaster.

[SPEAKER_06]
OK, a lot to unpack there.
I'm a little speechless here.
So.

[SPEAKER_05]
I don't think people understand how serious this situation is.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, well, so yeah, I was going to ask like the flu.
The flu has been around for a long time.
The flu vaccine doesn't work at all.
It doesn't prevent infections or deaths or anything.
It's a complete placebo.
And, you know, people get the shot during flu season and you wonder, of course, if the flu vaccine isn't causing people to die because
There's an interesting correlation between giving out the flu vaccine and people dying during flu season, but
It's the flu vaccine is definitely not helping.
And there was a great study that was done in the UK, which compared the rates of death from death during flu season, all cause death during flu season versus not flu season.
They looked for it 64 years old versus 65 year old.
And there's a big jump in the number of people who take the flu vaccine.
When they're 65 in the UK, because there is a, I don't know, it's an NHS benefit that if you're 65, you get the flu vaccine for free, but there's this big jump.
It's just big discontinuity in people who get the flu vaccine once they turn 65.
Guess what happened?
The deaths didn't go down at all.
when you turn 65, even though there's this huge 20% or 30% increase in the people who got the flu vaccine.
And this was done on 10 million people over 20 years or so.
And so this is the most extensive flu study ever done.
And it says it proves that all these flu studies that showed that it worked were just bullshit, because if there was an effect, we would have seen it.
here, and that paper has not been retracted.
It's still in the peer-reviewed literature.
It came out a few years ago.
And so the flu vaccine doesn't work for the flu.
The flu's around, and people get it, and life goes on.
Isn't the same true of the COVID virus at this point?
That it's just, OK, it's one of those things.
You made COVID.
great.
You know, you'll have it just like you get the flu and some people will die from it and that's unfortunate because they were treated with the wrong medicines or early treatment.
But can we treat it just like the flu?
You get COVID and you get your ivermectin prescription and do the nasal sprays and so forth.
Can't we just treat it like we treat the flu?

[SPEAKER_05]
I tell you what, this is one of the strangest things.
At the beginning of the pandemic, there was a lot of talk, don't compare COVID to flu.
And they were right.
But suddenly now they're saying, well, it's just like the few you need, you know, booster vaccines.
And I'm saying this virus and this is the critical thing.
And I really need people to reflect carefully on this.
This virus is like nothing we have ever seen before.
This is not a normal cold virus.
The spike protein has capabilities like we have never seen before.
It has bacteriophage properties.
It can infect multiple cells.
The thing is that when people have what they think is a mild infection,
It appears mild because the virus has suppressed their immune response.
It suppresses their interferon response.
It suppresses, it damages their lymphocyte response and critically it circulates in the bloodstream.
Influenza doesn't really do that.
Influenza is primarily your lungs and your upper airway.
This beast of a virus gets everywhere, kidneys, heart, brain, you know, it is so frighteningly dangerous in that sense.
And this is the bit why I said that at this point where we have the immune priming and a virus circulating and replicating inside the systemic circulation with the immune system being overwhelmed, not being able to respond to it,
It's a matter of time before this makes a lot of people very sick.
And so I describe this as being a storm surge.
It's just at our ankles at the moment.
And you think it's going to go back out, but no, it's then at your knees, then it's at your waist, then it's at your shoulder.
This is not going to stop.
And the more that we underestimate it, I mean, we still don't even know where it came from.

[SPEAKER_06]
Wow, we're just going to ask you that.
Where do you think it came from?

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, as I said, I spoke with the researchers.
I interviewed the researcher who had done the BLAST search and found that there was a patent on the furan cleavage site.
Yeah, Moderna.

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, as he said, they don't know how it got there.

[SPEAKER_05]
They don't know how it got there.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
It's one of these mysteries that got into the patent application.

[SPEAKER_05]
The truth is that it's like a trillion to one chance that it could happen naturally.
We still haven't found the animal it came from.
And so when you think about it,
You have to consider the possibility, even if you don't believe it, if you think it's a conspiracy, you have to have as an option the fact that it may have inadvertently accidentally been made in a lab.
And if it was, it would not have the same capabilities of a standard coronavirus.

[SPEAKER_06]
And it'll have it'll have in superpowers or it'll have less powers.
It will have superpowers.

[SPEAKER_05]
And this is what this virus has.
It has superpowers.

[SPEAKER_06]
OK, so what do you think?
What do you think the chance that it wasn't that didn't come out of a lab?

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, they said it, it was a trillion to one in the paper.
As I said, I took a long hard look at all of the data and I remember thinking to myself that even if I didn't know it, the characteristics of the virus are so unusual that you have to think, and this is why when people talk about an influenza pandemic, say for instance, I can tell them that
There is nothing that will out-compete SARS-CoV-2.
There is no virus out there that will be more efficient at spreading and infecting than SARS-CoV-2.
It is at a level that... Today?
Today, and even...
I don't see that we will...
If we see another virus that can do that,
And that is and the only reason why we've gotten away with people surviving this long is that the virus itself is not that lethal in terms of being psychopathic, in terms of destroying cells.
It just triggers all kinds of unusual immune responses.

[SPEAKER_06]
Right.
OK, so but but you'd say one trillion to one that it was came out naturally and

[SPEAKER_05]
I have found no evidence so far that can convince me that it made sense that it came from the Wuhan, the seafood market.
As I said, that guy, whoever brought it, would have had to have picked up this animal somewhere in the wild.
He would have had to infect a bunch of people en route to the market.
We have no trail of infection coming to the market.
It just appeared.
So to speak, as I say, I mean, maybe I'm just slow.
I don't know.

[SPEAKER_06]
OK, man.
But you believe manmade and it's a it's a it's it's got superpowers in terms of.
of hurting people, do you think that it was deliberately constructed by, like, the US government for, I mean, do you have any theories about why are they doing this?
Like, does it make any sense from a scientific research point of view to be playing around with coronaviruses
for the purpose of enhancing our abilities to fight natural viruses?
Does that make any sense at all, or do you think it's something more nefarious?
Like, where are you on that nefarious versus, ah, they're just doing that research so they can become better scientists and be more prepared for the next pandemic?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, usually you tend to follow the money to try and understand whether or not something was done for positive or negative reasons.
However, as I said from the paper, when they looked at it, one of their theories that does actually make sense because the furan cleavage site that had been patented was used on viruses for the purpose of helping them to infect cancer cells more effectively.
And so it is possible that they had just been working on a coronavirus, looking at a model to be able to try and infect cells and they use a furin cleavage site and therefore that then was potentially the way that it got out.
Now, the only problem with that is that as I said, one of the most underestimated impacts of this virus is what it does to your microbiome.
It literally turns your gut microbiome on you in a way that is just unbelievable.
And so this is the bit that I'm thinking, how in the world could that have happened naturally?
You know, it literally seems to have bacteriophage properties.
And so this is why I don't underestimate the virus at all.
I am saying that we need the medical community, probably more so than the scientific community, medical community to get their heads around this and say, what are all these implications?
How is it that it's able to do this, but not just that it can do this, but how can we neutralize it?
That's the question that we need at this point.
And as I said, whether or not it came from a lab, it's almost irrelevant at this point from a clinical perspective.
From a clinical perspective, all I need to know is that somebody spilled arsenic in the dam.
A lot of people have drunk it.
I need to figure out how to try and see if I can protect their health.

[SPEAKER_06]
OK, so I'll ask you a personal question you don't have to answer.
Have you been vaccinated with COVID vaccine?

[SPEAKER_05]
You know, I figured that somebody would eventually ask me that.
I have never spoken about it publicly, ever.
And the reason was because I never wanted to kind of direct anybody.
But the truth is that I was under the real pressure that if I didn't get it, I was going to lose my job.
I was two days away from having to walk away.
But for me, because of the research I was doing and because I understood the autoimmune principles and because I knew I had already been exposed, I couldn't do it.
I would have had the nocebo effect.
I would have had negative effects if I had done it.
And I knew that.
And I said, you know, I can't.
It just didn't make any logical sense.
OK, so and how did you avoid losing your job?
The government changed their mind two days before.
Wow.
So you dodged a bullet.
Literally.
Literally.

[SPEAKER_06]
Okay.
Well, good for you.
So the next question is, what are you doing?
Like, are you trying to protect yourself from getting COVID?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
And what do you do to do that?
Because six foot rule doesn't work now and masks don't work.
So what do you do?
Do you take ivermectin prophylactically or what?
What is it?
Do you do the, you know, shoot, shoot, shoot up?
I'm much simpler than that.

[SPEAKER_05]
So I do recognize that it is important to try and protect yourself against infection.
That's the first thing.
I recognize that there's no effective way of doing it unless, say for instance, I don't personally have any major issue with masks.
It's just that they'll only work if everybody's wearing it and we're unlikely to get to that position.
So what I do is I create a mask in a sense over my upper airways.
Now I've literally written a book on this about nitric oxide.
What a lot of people don't know is that your upper airway, especially your sinuses, is a reservoir for nitric oxide.
And the nitric oxide then gets into the bloodstream and it has an impact on dilating blood vessels and so on.
But it's also antiviral and it's also antibacterial.
And the simple way that you can increase the nitric oxide is by humming.
literally as simple as that.
And so what people if they were walking beside me, I am humming all the time.
It's literally like a nitric oxide mask.
And I've written a book on it, and people would have to probably go to the Vision Health site to find it.
But the point was it was aimed at trying to educate the public that simply by doing a really practical
action of increase the nitric oxide in your sinuses, that acts as a protection.
So that's the first layer.
And then I have what I call a COVID storm protection, because I recognize that it's not just about protecting against infection, you may still get infected.
But if you get infected, you don't want your immune system to over respond.
And so therefore, I use a combination of four things, omega-3 oils,
getting my glutathione levels up, Vitamin D and the last one is silica.
And that combination is what I'm at the moment thinking that I need to get people to understand that just by using these very simple strategies, you can make a huge impact on your risk personally, not just for infection, but for some of the immune responses that occur once the virus gets into the bloodstream.
So everything is about, as best as possible, prevent this virus getting in your bloodstream.
If it stays in your upper airway, it's a nothing burger.
If it gets into the bloodstream, that's when we have a problem.
Or if it lodges in the sinuses.
A lot of people have chronic sinus symptoms.
I'm saying you've got to get rid of them because it increases your risk of recurrent infections.
And the simplest way to do it is to hum.
So does this work?
Have you been sick with COVID?
I had initially in about March of 2020, I had exposure and I had mild case then.
And then in about October of 2022, that was the second time that I had it.
Sometimes I wonder if I've had exposure because you feel a little bit unwell for about half a day or so and then you're fine.
I usually just increase my vitamin C and zinc, that's another thing that I use.
I've been fine, knock on wood.
I don't usually talk about it because I don't want to create my own bad luck.
And this is in a high exposure situation.
So that's the principle that I use and I know this is of great value, especially the humming.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, so by humming, you mean like... Yeah, that's literally it.
Or humming a tune.
You're not humming a tune.

[SPEAKER_05]
It doesn't matter.
It's usually a deep hum, nice, low frequency.
I usually do eight breaths in and blow out as a hum.
And I just do this anytime I think I'm in contact with somebody who is coughing or sneezing.
I just remember to hum.
And that's literally, I do this all the time.

[SPEAKER_06]
So even if someone's not there, you're going to do it just as a...

[SPEAKER_05]
I usually do it in the morning as I'm walking to work.
I do my humming, say about five minutes of it.
And then if somebody coughs or sneezes or looks as though they're rubbing their nose, I do my humming.
And I just do it at random points, not any necessarily systematic way.
And that's it.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
Does anybody do this?
Anybody else do this?
Do you know?

[SPEAKER_05]
I've been teaching people about this for about a year now.
That's what I said.
We did homing heroes at children's book to try and help people to understand the science of the principle is that it is so simple, everybody can do it.

[SPEAKER_06]
All right.
I got to drop here because I got to go do my call.
So, Livia is going to take over from here.

[SPEAKER_05]
Wonderful.

[SPEAKER_00]
Great talking to you, Steve.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, likewise.

[SPEAKER_00]
Thank you, Steve.
Go and win that debate.
I'm going to take over and get to audience questions.
Thank you for all the time you spent with Steve there.
And I'm curious on the humming, do ohms count as well?
Like if you're going into some sort of meditation and you

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, well actually, do you know, here's an interesting thing, is that I am now convinced, because if you think of most religions, they do have a chant associated with it.
And I'm convinced that this is the reason.
It is such a simple strategy to increase the nitric oxide in the sinuses just by humming.
Meditation, hum, whatever, doesn't matter.

[SPEAKER_00]
That's probably why the great religions, they don't get as unwell as those of us in the modern world.
Absolutely.
I'm going to jump into some questions from the audience and then I'll mix in some of my own.
I'm going to start with Jeannie.
What are your thoughts on the out of control rates of walking pneumonia, especially in the very young?
Is this directly related to the vaccine, prior COVID infection, both?
What is going on in the immune system that is now taking such a stronghold on otherwise healthy young people?
What are the long term results of young people with these hundred day coughs?
And I'll add that my older son is in university right now.
And last semester I was on the parent chat group and it seemed like every parent was talking about how their kid had some form of
bad cough, walking pneumonia, ill, having to withdraw.
So I've seen it in real life.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
So this is, I did a presentation on this recently and it was highlighting the point.
As I said, everything is COVID-19.
You just have to understand how it works.
The virus, when it infects a lot of people, it's subclinical.
They literally don't know.
They have a little bit of symptoms and so on and they think they're fine.
What then happens is that the virus is doing two things.
It's suppressing your interferon response and it's damaging your lymphocyte response.
And guess what?
Mycoplasma, which is the cause of walking pneumonia, it's one of those very small bacteria
and it tends to lodge right in the cilia of the lungs and so on, one of the few bacteria that respond to interferon is mycoplasma.
And so if you have interferon suppression from a COVID infection, then exposure to mycoplasma
it will increase your risk of the walking pneumonia, simple as.
And so I have been able to extrapolate almost any disease that we see from COVID.
I used the same extrapolation with disease X in the Congo.
I literally told them before they said what it was, I said, listen,
This is going to be straight and simple.
The people who went in to the Congo to vaccinate them against monkeypox brought COVID.
They then infected the whole region with COVID and all of the children who had subclinical malaria ended up with, because of interferon suppression, ended up with malaria, which seemed airborne.
COVID is the beast at the moment.
We have got to figure out how to stop it circulating.

[SPEAKER_00]
Do you feel like there is going to be some sort of mass effort to do what you're saying to try to figure out what's happening and to actually treat people on a mass scale?

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, I think that, as I said, I hadn't spoken to Gert for about six months and I spoke with him just last week and he gave the sobering reality and as I pulled back and I thought about it, if we get public health and the scientific community continue to just do what they're doing and kind of just plod along and close their eyes and not say anything, eventually,
the viral circulation will stop but it only will stop when the people who are circulating are not physically here and that is pretty serious and this is what i'm saying is we are on the brink of such an event because he pointed out that our circulation of covid is not just affecting us it's affecting the the animal
cohorts, we're infecting them as well.
And so therefore they are at risk for the bird flu.
I mean, it is an absolute nightmare.
Humankind through the circulation of the virus is putting everyone and everything at risk.
If we don't stop it, nature will stop it.

[SPEAKER_00]
Right, right.
Next question is from Coyote.
Do you think there's a connection between the pandemic and skyrocketing sepsis rates?
How could those be connected?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, again, same principle.
You just have to extrapolate the science.
Once you have, again, viral sepsis.
So as I said, if the virus just stays in your upper airway, fine, no problem.
But once it gets into the bloodstream and starts replicating in the bloodstream, and especially in people who are primarily not having focused antibody responses and they can't control the viral circulation, here is how the sequence goes.
And I've been quizzing patients for a while to try and understand this.
you hear that they had I just had a cold three weeks ago and you go okay and you were okay just a bit tired but you know nothing out of the ordinary then three weeks later they are presenting with sepsis
And what we're not realizing is that as the virus takes out the immune response, because it is infecting lymphocytes and causing a lymphopenia, the immune response is blunted.
And in people who are more vulnerable, they then get bacterial or other viral sepsis.
And you're having these double infections going on, really complex, really sick.
We're seeing it too often and there doesn't seem to be any other logical explanation other than the fact that COVID is circulating at very high levels.

[SPEAKER_00]
I have several friends who got one plus the second and maybe a booster and suffered a vaccine injury and it's been years and they've had injuries like standing at the bottom of a ski mountain falling and then the doctor treats their back or whatever injury occurred from their back or a little minor fender bender but they still have all of the original symptoms of a vaccine injury
but they're still not being treated for a Vax injury.
And is there any hope for them because I don't see them getting better or is there some treatments that you're seeing that might work better than others?
I'm curious your take on these people who've had just lingering effects for years now.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, I've had the privilege almost of seeing patients for a long time and asking these questions and studying the patterns of disease.
And one of the problems that a lot of people don't like to acknowledge was really an important step, is that if they have had long-term symptoms after a vaccine injury, especially,
Even after the infection, so similar to long COVID kind of pattern, it oftentimes means that they had pre-existing issues.
What we're seeing is that I describe what we're seeing around long COVID and long vax presentations as people having embers of the fire and we spray petrol on it.
And when you spray the petrol on it, that's when they get the symptoms.
But the hardest part is to say to people, stop focusing on the symptoms.
We need to address the embers.
We have to put out the embers in order for you not to be at risk for the next infection or the next thing that comes around, and all of the symptoms come back.
And that is work, takes time, and it's a marathon, I say, not a sprint.
and it's really about educating people that we have to go through these processes, have to deal with the subclinical inflammation because that's where the risk is coming from.

[SPEAKER_00]
So you're saying they might have had or they probably had some sort of pre-existing condition, but what if they didn't know about it?
And I'm that's exactly the I'm referencing these turbo cancers as well now that you mentioned that did like because some people just and I've got a couple of friends with that word went in for a routine physical stage four Yeah, and and they're they're not doing well They're going through the whole process.
So did they have something they didn't know about and that just exacerbated or was it because of I
the the jab.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah so the the turbo cancer is is a is a very unique pattern and I think that that one seems to be almost certainly I mean when I say that let me be careful with saying that but there is a strong possibility
that that pattern with regards to cancer is probably related to the jab.
And I think more specifically, it may be more related to the mRNA rather than some of the adenovirus vaccines.
And again, this was something that I took a deep dive on, did a whole presentation on the multiple mechanisms.
And similar to what we see with infections, a lot of people underestimate how important interferon is.
how important the immune system is against protecting against cancer.
If you have a situation where we have people who already have a vulnerability, this is the important point, is that you don't just get cancer.
there are layers that have to be broken through before cancer can occur.
You know, you have genetic predisposition, maybe some environmental factors, and then finally your immune system has to fail in order for you to have cancer, especially stage four cancer.
And so what we are oftentimes seeing is that that risk was there.
And then when you wipe away the immune protection,
That's when we see really, and what we're seeing is that I think turbo cancer is the wrong word.
It's not that the cancer grows fast, it's that the first presentation is that disseminated cancer.
You can't do much about it.
And that's the bit.
You could call it anything else.
It doesn't have to be terrible, hyper, whatever.
But they are presenting with advanced cancer as the first presentation.
That's the problem.

[SPEAKER_00]
But wouldn't that, so could there have been something that before they got the jab that was already underlying?
Is that what you're saying, that there was something there that was undigested?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, because when you look at the mechanisms, the primary mechanisms that occur around the jab are around immunity, IgG4.
Looking at, say for instance, the P53 gene, it gets
picked off as a protection normally by parts of the spike protein and so on.
So in reality, the truth is that, let me pull back on that a little and say, we all produce cancer all the time.
That's the first thing.
The fact that it doesn't manifest is because naturally a couple of things, one, your immune system, and two, very often the cancers can't get a blood supply so they never grow.
When you have a situation, however, when the immune system starts to promote the spread of cancer, and that's where you have macrophage activation, that is a completely different beast.
And this is part of the reason why we're seeing that.
But normally, we all have dysfunctional cells produced from time to time.
That's the job of the immune system.
It goes around, it identifies them, it kills them.
Takes them out.
It takes them out.
And so this is why I'm saying is that there is always potentially that risk, but you need a number of things to come together for you to then get disseminated cancer.
It's never usually just one thing.
There is usually something in the background that had been there and then gets unmasked.

[SPEAKER_00]
and then your immune system breaks down if you got the jab and then it can't do the body can't take out.
Exactly.
The cancer cell.
Yes.
Thank you for clarifying that.
That actually makes some sense to me.
Question from Katzter 1111.
Have you seen a rise in IGAN after the vac started because of shedding?

[SPEAKER_05]
When he says eigen, I like to make sure that I know what he means.
Is he talking about IgA nephropathy?
I don't know.

[SPEAKER_00]
That is a good question.
I only have the question written down.
I have IGAN in all caps.
Caster, if you're out there, can you clarify that?
Yeah, we can get back to your question if you want to clarify your IGAN question.
I'll jump forward to Dr. Laura's question.
What is your favorite spike detox protocol?
And I think you mentioned what you were doing earlier in the interview with Steve, but what else could people do?
Or what is your favorite?

[SPEAKER_05]
You want to repeat that?
You're assuming that I actually do a spike detox per se.
I'll tell you what I think about and what I recommend to people if they've had exposure, if they've had COVID recently.
What I say is that make sure you've completely cleared your gut.
What I mean is that because a lot of spike protein and RNA gets stuck inside bacteria and inside the gut, you make sure that you treat your gut almost as if you had to go for colonoscopy.
So you completely wipe it out.
When it comes to the fact that there's a lot of argument as to whether or not people have viral persistence and so on, the reality is that because the virus can infect immune cells, especially things like the CD8 lymphocytes, what we find when you look at biopsies is that you can see viral remnants in there.
Now, these are long-lived cells.
And so you can't easily get rid of the spike protein.
And this is why I said that.
The mistake is that people are trying to get rid of the spike protein.
They have to ask the question, why are those long-lived cells increased wherever it is that have allowed spike protein to get in them?
subclinical inflammation.
You address the root cause.
That's the most important principle I'm trying to bring forward.
We need to stop chasing symptoms.
We need to go to addressing root cause of disease.
If you have subclinical inflammation, you've got to address that.
If you don't address that, because the spike protein lodges in those immune cells, you will never really effectively get rid of it.

[SPEAKER_00]
Very good point.
Got to get to the source.
Question from go tell it on a mountain.
Is asymptomatic transmission real?
Absolutely.

[SPEAKER_05]
Definitely.
And I tell you what, one of the mistakes that they made in the pandemic, and this was about autopsies now.
So I remember when I was doing the studies on asymptomatic transmission, and I was struggling to find any data
on it because it was clear you had to have asymptomatic transmission for the virus to spread across the world because we knew it because we also were doing random testing on people and people were saying you know I didn't even know that I was sick and they were positive for SARS-CoV-2.
we would see patients come into hospital for a shoulder injury and then you do an x-ray of the shoulder and you see that there's a white out on their chest and they go out there's nothing wrong with me.
Chest x-ray they've got COVID.
So we know that it happens.
The problem is is that we didn't investigate it thoroughly.
It's one of the gaps from early in the pandemic.
So I remember one important papal where a patient had come into hospital for a pneumonectomy.
He had lung cancer and they were cutting out a lobe of his lung.
So he comes in, he has the procedure done and then a few days later he gets unwell and he has COVID.
So they then went back to the pathology of the lung that was removed because he had no symptoms at the time.
And there it was, full inflammation in that region of the lung with the virus and so on.
And he was completely asymptomatic.
It's what I call subclinical infection.
And that's part of the reason why the virus is able to spread so effectively.
Because most people who are infected have no idea.
In the first few days, by the time they get symptoms, it is oftentimes three or four days down the line.
So they've spread it to someone else.
That's just the problem.
So it is, it is the reason why we're struggling to control it.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.
That that's an interesting anecdote or story.
You just told us about that.
It makes sense.
Question from, and this is a clarifying question from RGR Kimber.
Dr. McMillan said that live viral vaccines may be needed and gave the example of the measles vaccine.
Did he mean actually using live measles virus as an approach to vaccination for COVID?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, so I've got this from two experts that I do rate their opinion very highly.
One was Gert van den Bosch and the other one was Professor Christine Stabel-Benn.
And what they're highlighting here is that there is a big difference between live attenuated vaccines.
That's like the measles, the mumps, the rubella, the BCG vaccines.
Because these replicate an infection more realistically.
They've technically attenuated it by making it infect multiple times through different cultures so that it doesn't cause the proper disease in most people.
Now, when you infect somebody with that, what then happens is that it drives their immune responses, and it almost retrains their immune system.
One of the interesting things, especially about measles, is that measles has the capability, and after, certainly the infection, whether or not the vaccination does it is another thing, but the measles infection can sometimes wipe the immune system.
So it kind of creates a clean slate.
And for many people who are having overly spike responses to the original variant, because that's what's happening now, is that people who have been vaccinated, the majority of their antibodies are targeting the Wuhan variant.
not the new variants.
Not what's new, right.
And so this is why they can't control the infection and we can't get their immune system to get out of the pattern.
And so by stimulating their innate immune response, that's part of the immune system that isn't a memory thing.
It's kind of like pulling in your Marines to generally deal with a problem than using your SWAT team.
And that's the way that a vaccine, a live attenuated vaccine,
can make a difference in terms of boosting immunity to try and reduce the risk of infection.

[SPEAKER_00]
Thank you for clarifying that.
I have a question about a story that came out a couple days ago that said dementia cases expected to double by 2060.
And you're an expert in this area.
I'm just curious what your take is on that.
Why is it doubling?
Why the big increase in dementia cases?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, dementia.
Right before the onset of the pandemic, I had aligned everything.
I had my systems ready to go to try.
My holy grail at the time was to reverse dementia.
It wasn't even just about stopping it.
I wanted to reverse it to prove it could be done.
But then we had SARS-CoV-2 hit.
And the COVID pandemic then shifted because you had to then look at the pandemic.
And some people ask me, why have I not gone back to focus more on dementia?
And the reason is quite simple.
I've realized that the impact of this virus on, well, let me rephrase that, the impact of the spike protein on the brain
is horrendous and you can't easily fix it.
And so what we're seeing now is an accumulation of spike protein related immune damage to the brain, the blood brain barrier, the immune system in the brain.
This is
This is really a disaster.
Their prediction of doubling by 2060, oh no, it's much worse than that.
It's probably worse.
It is much worse than that.
At the rate we are going, I am anticipating
seeing a rapid rise in very advanced dementia.
You know, I mean, really similarly where we have turbo cancer kind of picture, we're going to see the turbo dementia.
And, and this is already happening because dementia normally is about a five to 10 year trajectory, even front to temporal dementia, which is relatively quick is two to three years.
We are now seeing people within six months.
You know, and I was just looking at the dementia statistics in the UK, and one of the most unusual things was that the diagnosis of mad cow disease or CJD has dropped by almost 50%.
And you'd think, well, how is that possible?
I think it's just that so many people are dying so quickly with regards to them.
They are not even being sent for investigation.
This is pretty serious.
As I said, the impact of spike protein on the brain is one of the other frightening things that we have seen.
Got to find ways to stop it.

[SPEAKER_00]
And is this a direct impact of the jabs, in your opinion?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, as I said, people get focused on jabs versus infection.
I am telling you, it's the combination.
It is the epoxy.
Have you ever used epoxy glue?
I have.
If you use just one, it's not good.
If you use just the other, it's not good.
You put them together and it turns into cement in seconds.
That's what we've got.
The combination of immune priming and recurrent exposure is a beast.

[SPEAKER_00]
So those that refused the jab that didn't get it, probably lesser chances of this getting these other infections or these diseases like dementia in the future.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, because the principle is that natural immunity is so effective.
So presuming somebody has good natural immunity.
And now here's the warning that I give to the to the unvaccinated cohort is that even in COVID, there was a cohort who had high risk of severe disease, even without comorbidities.
And this group was the group that had interferon autoantibodies.
Now the principle still applies.
Even if you are unvaccinated and you have interferon autoantibodies
you will not control the virus and the virus will still infect and get into the bloodstream over and over again and potentially do very similar damage.
And that's where you have to be very careful about suddenly thinking that, wow, somebody's just unvaccinated or they're fine.
It doesn't quite work like that.
Generally as a cohort, yes, but there are some that would need to address other issues to protect themselves.

[SPEAKER_00]
So keep humming and doing your ohms.
Absolutely.

[SPEAKER_05]
Absolutely.
It's the simplest and most practical advice I could give to anybody and it's free.

[SPEAKER_00]
I have a follow-up question on the dementia from Carol Briz.
What supplements would you all recommend for dementia?
I have a friend declining rapidly, and Carol is an ICU nurse.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, Carol, that's tough, because what I think we're seeing with that rapid decline, and if she's a nurse, she will know that dementia doesn't normally
you know you can have a delirium with dementia but you don't normally get this very rapid progression of dementia so what i think we may be seeing and until we get the autopsies to prove it we may be seeing prion-like patterns
that are occurring so this is where we have proteins in the brain that just when they touch other proteins they then change their characteristics so that they then form these huge sheets of material that damage the brain and that's my worry and this is why I haven't fully focused back on the dementia thing because if that is happening
I don't yet have an answer for that.
That is pretty serious.
And so if she is deteriorating that quickly, there may not be a lot that can be done.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, it seems like once they get over a certain point, there's no reversing it, is what I've seen.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, that may be possible, but you have to get it early, and you have to intervene relatively aggressively.
And as I said, this is why my focus on trying to understand that kind of dementia is still there, because I suspect that is far more common than we think.

[SPEAKER_00]
Question from Dayton Tom.
amyloid buildup caused by the jabs question mark increases expected in Alzheimer's Parkinson's etc coming

[SPEAKER_05]
Similar kind of question, and that because of the inflammatory response, especially at the blood-brain barrier, you're then going to have increased impact of amyloid.
But one of the things is that with dementia, the more that they're looking at the research, they're starting to realize that amyloid in and of itself is not the cause of the dementia, meaning that even when you remove the amyloid, you don't necessarily stop the progression of the dementia.
It only has very minor impacts.
So the fundamental thing with dementia is that you have to protect the mitochondria in the brain.
If I was to summarize dementia in one line, it is just a failure of the neurons to produce enough energy from mitochondria to keep them alive.
And so if there is anything that can be done to impact the mitochondria survival,
That's where you can sometimes see a transition in terms of symptoms.

[SPEAKER_00]
And there's a follow-up from Deighton Tom, and he asks, any word recently from Dr. McMillan's cath lab whistleblower?

[SPEAKER_05]
Oh, yeah, yeah.
I reached out to him recently, and I hope he does respond, because my question to him was, have you noticed any change in the frequency of these abnormal clots since we have had a significant drop-off in booster doses?
and I'm still waiting on the response on that.
And my suspicion is that it probably has had an impact, and so therefore he'll not be seeing it as frequently, but I haven't got the response yet.

[SPEAKER_00]
All right.
There's the answer.
It's coming hopefully soon.
All right.
I'm going to finish with this one last question.
You've been so generous with your time this evening from DJ Mick, DG Mick.
Do you think that the COVID vaccine was a bio weapon and no intention of curing anybody?

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, yeah, as I was saying, um, when I, I, I was, I was talking earlier,
There are a number of layers to this and my belief, based on the research and everything, is that it probably was lab-made.
That's the first starting point.
The question is, was it lab-made with the intention of causing harm across the population?
Well, again, when you look at the research, you realize that there apparently was an attempt for it to circulate from the international games that happened around that time in Wuhan in about September, October.
And it didn't happen because I think those athletes were too healthy.
And then we had the seafood market super spreading event that then happened in December of 2019.
If you put those two together, it suggests, it implies that that could have been deliberate.
because it's unlikely that you would have two events so close together in the same region, and it'd be purely accidental if it came from a lab.
So it's a difficult one.
It is actually very frightening.
to think that mankind can do this to themselves.
But again, we heard recently about what happened in Ukraine with the bio labs.
We know that there are bio labs now all over the place.
I just don't understand why it is that we are so determined to hurt each other.
Because once you create something like this,
if it even gets out accidentally, it can cause huge harm to populations across the globe, as we have seen with the COVID pandemic.
So at the moment, I don't have the full answer, but instinctively, the more I look at it, the more it points to potentially some kind of agenda, which is absolutely frightening.

[SPEAKER_00]
I appreciate the way you answered that very thoughtfully and carefully, because it is a dark thought that something like this could be unleashed on humanity and how to combat that.
And I think that's what you're saying.
We need to treat, we need to get to the bottom of this and hopefully, hopefully we can get there someday.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, I'll say this thought at the end, as you mentioned that.
What we need now are scientists, clinicians, to approach this as if we have to find a mitigation strategy.
That's where people get innovative.
At the moment, people are still stuck in the mindset of, well, you know, this and that.
I'm saying just get creative.
Let's think.
Let's presume for a moment that the intention could have been negative.
It doesn't mean that we can't find solutions that we can neutralize it.
That's the challenge now and that's what we have to keep working on.
Fantastic.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_00]
Dr. McMillan, where can our audience find you?
What is your website?
I'm going to have Janet put it in the chat.
And I know you have a fantastic YouTube channel as well.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yes.
Yes.
Well, they're working hard to shut me down.
So they're better off.
Making sure that they go to our VEJONHealth website.
Make sure you connect either on Substack or the newsletter because that way I can make sure to keep in contact with people, keep on breaking important information, news and research that will keep you ahead of the science.

[SPEAKER_00]
Great.
Janet, we'll put that in the chat and visit Dr. McMillan's website.
You have a book coming out, is that correct?

[SPEAKER_05]
We have a book, Disease X.
Are you prepared?
Because as I said, we anticipated this was going to happen.
And so we've published the book.
It was number one on Amazon.
We're still probably in the top 10.
And it's still there.
And we're going to look for other ways for people to get access to it as well.

[SPEAKER_00]
Disease X, Amazon, you can get your copy.
Dr. McMillan, it's been an honor having you on the show tonight.
Thank you for your generous time and all the insightful information.
And we hope to have you back on later in 2025 to follow up.
Wonderful.
Look forward to it.
Great.
Thank you.
Everyone else hang in there.
I've got a couple of announcements to make.
One is our donor spotlight.
Let me get my screens going here and share our donor spotlight is
From E, from California, and E writes, thank you all so much for the amazing work you all do.
You are incredible.
All the best in 2025.
Thank you for your kind words and unwavering support, E. And to everyone in our audience, your voice and your generosity are what makes this community thrive.
Thank you for standing with us and together we are unstoppable.
And if you believe in what we do, we humbly ask for your support today.
Together we can make a real difference.
And thank you for standing with us and for considering a donation to help us continue our vital work and so that we can continue doing the research that we do and bring on these wonderful guests like Dr. McMillan that we had on tonight.
And speaking of guests,
in next week.
Let me get to this card.
Next week, we will have Dr. Angus Dalglish and Dr. William Mackus, who will be discussing the DNA contamination and the cancer connection in the COVID shots.
You won't want to miss it.
And I'm actually going to close tonight with a little video from Dr. Dalglish.
And I want to thank you all for being here tonight and for your continued support.
And hopefully you'll join us again next week and have a great rest of your evening and weekend.
And here is a little video with Dr. Dalglish next week's guest.

[SPEAKER_02]
I wanted to point out to everybody that I'm not just a stupid oncologist as I've been flipped away with.
I have a fantastic experience in designing vaccines and I've had lots of ones that don't work.
So I'm very tuned to avoiding useless dangerous vaccines.
and I pointed all this out right at the beginning to our government and all their advisors and they just chose to ignore me.
We also pointed out the side effect profile and how to avoid it.
They all chose to ignore me and so I basically am furious that not only did they do this but they're still offering all my colleagues, including myself, routine booster vaccines
which scientifically we have shown will actually do nothing but harm, depress your immune system and increase your chances of getting infected again and again and getting cancer.
And that's what I was pointing out.
The link with the booster vaccines and cancer is really real.

[SPEAKER_01]
I've just completed in the middle of doing the New Zealand tour called the Great Health Awakening and it's talked about turbo disease and turbo cancer.
Is there any correlation with turbo cancer and these vaccines?

[SPEAKER_02]
Without a doubt there is a great link, there's a correlation.
The people who are arguing, the establishment argue that it's not causal, it's just a series of anecdotes and to ignore it.
I speak to surgeons who just say they've never seen anything like it.
I have seen patients come to me for a second opinion.
They're devastated.
And in every case bar one, I have been able to link the onset of their turbo cancer to their third or fourth booster vaccine, which they shouldn't have had.
And I believe they wouldn't have the cancer had they not had that.

[SPEAKER_01]
So good.
