[SPEAKER_05]
Times have changed, and times are strange Here I come, but I ain't the same Mama, I'm coming home Times gone by, it seems to be You could have been a better friend to me Mama, I'm coming home
You drove me out, yeah, you had me hypnotized Lost and found and turned around by the fire in your eyes You made me cry, you told me lies But I can't stand to say goodbye Mama, I'm coming home
I could be right, I could be wrong It hurts so bad, it's been so long Mama, I'm coming home Selfish love, yeah, we're both alone Right before the fall, yeah But I'm gonna take this heart of stone I just got to have it all
I've seen your face a hundred times Every day we've been apart I don't care about the sunshine, yeah Cause mama
I've seen you face a thousand times Every day we've been apart
about the sunshine, yeah.
Cause mama, mama, I'm still at home.

[SPEAKER_02]
Tonight on VSRF Live, Steve Kirsch is joined by Raphael Letaster to expose the manipulation and deliver the facts on one of the most controversial studies in recent memory.

[SPEAKER_03]
I was speaking about some of the research about how the COVID vaccines, the effectiveness and the safety have been exaggerated from the beginning in the clinical trials, in the observational studies.
And Senator Johnson asked me about this study, Watson et al.
And I thought I should really, I said, yeah, it's a pretty crappy study.
And I thought I should actually do a proper critique of it.
So.
More than a year later, we finally got it published and there's there's clearly a lot of problems to this study that that's claims It's 14 million maybe even 28 million saved by the Jabs in one year So pretty big claims and yeah, I think I think I've done a lot to show that that's Can't possibly be true

[SPEAKER_02]
Hello and welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm your host, Livio Sanchez.
Thank you for joining us this evening.
We've got an incredibly important episode ahead.
Joining us is the brilliant Dr. Rafael Letaster, PhD.
He is a philosopher, academic, and fearless voice in the ongoing conversation about what real science should look like.
Tonight, we're tackling a study you've probably heard praised endlessly.
The Watson et al.
paper.
The one that claims COVID-19 vaccines saved over 14 million lives in their first year.
The media rushed to embrace it, but did anyone actually read it?
Together, Steve and Dr. Lataster go deep, dissecting the methodology, the assumptions, and the spin behind the headline.
What does the data really say?
What are we not being told?
If you're tired of propaganda posing as science, this is for you, because science deserves scrutiny, and we're not done asking the hard questions.
Now, unfortunately, due to a scheduling conflict related to Steve's debate, Steve is currently on a call with the judges reviewing evidence as we speak, and he was unable to join us live tonight.
But Steve and Dr. Lataster sat down yesterday for an in-depth, pre-recorded conversation that you're about to see.
However, Dr. Lataster will be here live after the interview for Q&A with us.
So get your questions ready and put them in the chat in all caps and I'll get to as many as possible after the recorded interview.
Now before we dive in, a quick word about our latest VSRF raffle.
I'm gonna get myself situated here and share this screen.
Give me one second here.
Here we go.
We're excited to be raffling off the Super Palm 1050, a powerful handheld therapeutic light device from SunPower LED developed by photo medicine pioneer Tom Kerber, who we had on a show a few months ago.
This device helps relieve pain, inflammation, arthritis, neuropathy, TMJ, insomnia, and more.
With dual settings, 660 nanometer red light,
and 1050 nanometer near infrared, it delivers deep tissue healing and comes with a two-year warranty.
Tickets are just $10 and support VSRF's mission of truth and transparency.
Buy as many tickets as you'd like and maybe grab a few for friends too.
Thank you for supporting the truth and healing and good luck to you all out there who enter the raffle.
We're going to have this going on until September 4th.
So you've got some time, but get in early and buy as many tickets as you can.
Now, before we roll the interview, I want to read Rafael Lataster's bio.
Rafael holds a PhD from the University of Sydney, where he occasionally lectures along with other institutions.
His main academic research interests focus on misinformation, disinformation, and fake news, especially in the areas of health and politics.
Rafael's diverse background includes a bachelor of pharmacy, a master of applied finance, and several postgraduate research degrees in the arts.
While his early academic work explored misinformation and religion, philosophy, history, and science, he has since shifted his focus toward misinformation and politics and health, with a particular emphasis on COVID-19.
He currently runs OK Then News, a platform that highlights counter-narrative journal articles and news stories from mainstream sources.
Okay, before we roll the interview, I want to remind you to put your questions in the chat, all caps, as Raphael will be joining us live after the interview.
So without further ado, let me tee up this video.
And here comes the fantastic conversation with Raphael Lataster and Steve Kirsch.
Enjoy.

[SPEAKER_04]
Welcome, Raphael.
It's good to have you on VSRF.

[SPEAKER_03]
Thanks for having me and congratulations on your recent win.

[SPEAKER_04]
Recent when?

[SPEAKER_03]
Oh, the award in Australia.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, for spreading misinformation about the COVID vaccines.
Yes, yes, I'm super naughty.
So it's nice to be recognized.
I met a lot of great people and inspired hopefully a lot of people there at the conference.
So you were one of Australia's probably leading one of Australia's leading misinformation super spreaders, right?

[SPEAKER_03]
Sort of.
I'm not I'm not known enough to to have that title.
But yeah, if if they would talk about me, they probably would be there.
Of course, the mainstream media wouldn't wouldn't want to have anything to do with me.
Of course.
So as well.

[SPEAKER_04]
The alternative media does contact you?

[SPEAKER_03]
No, for the most part not.
Maybe that'll change over the coming months and years.
Further big things happen.
I'm continuing to win my cases, continuing to get more publications in the in the journals, the proper medical journals.
So we'll see how that goes.
But yeah, I still haven't heard about me.

[SPEAKER_04]
So how's that going?
Do you get your papers rejected or do you do you tone them down such that you'll you get them past the censorship of the scientific journals?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, it's a bit of both.
Of course, most of my submissions at the journals get turned down, even when being very, very, very subtle, you know, even after turning them down, being more ambiguous, they still get very much rejected.
And we'll see that next month.
I've got a big article coming out and there was a whole there was a whole story behind that trying to get that published.

[SPEAKER_04]
And so before you became an evil anti-vaxxer,
Um, were you getting all of your papers published?
No problem.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, I wasn't, that's the curious situation with me.
I wasn't publishing in health.
So I have a health background.
I was a pharmacist.
I went to pharmacy school.
I also did the test to get into medicine, the GAMSAT.
I basically passed the test.
I did well enough for an interview.
I passed an interview as well.
I could have been a doctor and I decided not to go at the last second.
decided not to become a typical medical doctor, but I was a pharmacist.
And then I had a bit of a hiatus for a while, became an academic, explored questions that interested me personally.
And I was in the arts, but also philosophy, dealing a little bit with science and history and various topics, religion even.
And then COVID happened.
I was working part-time in the early stages of the pandemic for New South Wales Health.
and for one of the largest children's hospitals in the country.
And they fired me.
What were you doing?
I was doing basic hospital administration work with them.
and so nothing really controversial it's not like you're promoting no i did a little bit of research but nothing nothing major to do with limb difference in children things like that it was nothing like particularly controversial and so you got fired because you didn't take the vaccine
That's right.
Yeah.
They asked us, they asked, I think there were several hundred of us, they asked us to make our case.
So I made the case, you know, using logic and reason with my background as a researcher, of course.
And they just said, uh-huh, you, you admit it.
You refuse to get the jab.
So see you.
So that's what led to the cases.
I got a lawyer, I lawyered up and we fought it and we've got a few wins now.
We've got two wins.
We're doing the third action now.
Hopefully that'll be, I think they, I mean, it's not think.
I know I'm going to win the third and the fourth action because they've already admitted liability.
They've already admitted that, you know, they've, they've caused me harm.
So we're going to win.
It's just a question of how much.

[SPEAKER_04]
And how much you're asking for.

[SPEAKER_03]
That's right.
That's right.
Well, I wish I wish I was in the States because I know there was that case that that lady who was very much like my situation working from home and sacked anyway, and she won over 10 million dollars.
That would be nice.
Australia is not not as litigious.
Anything approaching a million would be a very, very, you know, excessively good result.
So we'll see how it goes.
I think it's more about the bragging rights than the money because there's probably not that money in Australia in those sort of actions.
It's more about the fact that we've got them to admit.
that we were right, you were wrong.
And then further actions based on that.
I mean, depending on how this goes, I could get someone like a, you might've met him while you were there in the Gold Coast.
He lives around there, right?
Clive Palmer.
And maybe we could work with him doing some sort of case.
I know he's behind another big case, a class action to do with vaccine injuries.
We could maybe have one for vaccine, people that were persecuted because of the vaccine mandates like myself.
But we'll see.
That would be awesome.
That would be awesome.
But I think we've got more than enough evidence.
Obviously, you know, we're here to talk about my critique of Watson et al, the big study saying the vaccine saved tens of millions of lives in one year.
But also there's a related issue.
And it's very, very timely.
The Australian government has basically just said that, you know, for young people, for healthy children, the risks of the COVID vaccines that way, the benefits.
That is a huge admission to make by itself.
And it's even worse when you look at, you know, I seem to be the only one in Australia that's done this.
Look at the sources they're citing.
Those sources are several years old.
The studies are from 2023 and the data behind the studies, including the Aussie data, is from at the most 2022.
So this is not something that's true now.
It's something that's been true for years, you know, while when we were saying this sort of stuff.
Sorry.

[SPEAKER_04]
I think I missed that.
Who said that?
that the benefits don't outweigh the risks.
All right.

[SPEAKER_03]
All right.
Let's get into it.

[SPEAKER_04]
Let's get straight into it.
Did you say that some Australian authority said that?
Or is it that your paper said that?

[SPEAKER_03]
Absolutely.
It's both now, but this is ATAGI.
So I think it's Australia's version of ACIP.
Is that the group now that Malone has joined, which is amazing?
That's ATAGI.
Without someone like a Kennedy or a Trump or a Malone involved, they have basically said that it is not recommended anymore for healthy children to be taking the COVID vaccines.
And their wording pretty much indicates that the risks outweigh the benefits.
They're saying technically that the benefits are not considered to outweigh the risks.
Now, statistically speaking, that's basically saying the opposite as well.
The risks outweigh the benefit because you're not going to get 50-50.
of course, statistically impossible.
And of course, we just need to find one more adverse event.
And obviously, we tip it over.
So they're basically admitting the risks outweigh the benefits.
Now, the problem is, that's big news.
That's big news in itself.
But the problem is, I point out, if you look at their references, there's only two studies that they're citing, none of them have to do with risks.
So they all concern the other side, they all concern the benefits of the vaccines.
And they're not even really about the vaccines.
They're only about the severity of COVID in healthy children.
So there's a lot of data that's missing, but those studies were published in 2023.
And I looked at the data behind the studies, they go from 2020 to 2022.
So if you're using this to say, right, the risks outweigh the benefits for healthy children, this is not true just now.
This has been true for several years at the very least in 2022 at the latest.
So we've got a few years here where they've been recommending the vaccines for healthy children inappropriately.
And if some of those children have been harmed and they have, well, we've got massive liability issues, don't we?

[SPEAKER_04]
You would think that when you have any liability to be had at all.

[SPEAKER_03]
Incorporated into my case, it's going to be used in future cases.
There's a big problem here.
children under age what 18 or what's the definition there's there's more with this and the the journals aren't letting me publish on this even just as news even without commentary just reporting it they're not letting me say it there's another what happens
Yeah, exactly.
I've put the feelers out, multiple journals getting rejected all over the place, even just to report it as news so that more people know about it.
And one of the, one of the issues is another big issue.
This is concerning up to the age of 18, right?
But if you look at Australia's trajectory with COVID,
the 20-year-olds didn't suffer from COVID much more than the children.
So if the risks outweigh the benefits for the children, do they also outweigh the benefits for the 20-year-olds?
Is that also the case for the 30-year-olds, which is then where I come in, having been fired over this.
So there's huge, huge problems here.

[SPEAKER_04]
So why would it be under, is there anything in the references that show that under 18 is the magic number, that 18 is the magic number and it's not 19 or
19 and three quarters or you know.

[SPEAKER_03]
The references are incomplete so you're basically looking at children you're looking up to up to 18 they're not going beyond that but using the Australian data I have shown well people in their 20s didn't suffer much more than children so.
We'd like to see your risk benefit analysis for all age groups, for all health groups as well.

[SPEAKER_04]
I'm sure they're opening up their kimono and showing you all the data that you want, right?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, I actually contacted them directly, so this is newsworthy in itself.
I've been given the runaround, contact this person, contact that person.
I still don't have an answer.
You know, I've asked all these sorts of questions.
What is this really based on?
What have you seen that we don't know regarding the risks?
And why are you using data that's years old?
Why didn't you make this decision earlier?
And I don't know the answer.
You don't?
That's surprising.

[SPEAKER_04]
Are you asking the TGA or who are you asking?
ATAGI.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, you're asking the committee health department and a taggy.
So I went to a taggy was told to go to the health department.
The health department said go to a taggy again.
So basically a taggy would probably send you back to the health department if they're smart and don't have an answer.

[SPEAKER_04]
So yeah, I know how that works.
So a target is an outside committee basically of teaching.

[SPEAKER_03]
It's sort of like like a sip.
It's really a part of the government.

[SPEAKER_04]
You know, they're saying a sip is really an outside committee.

[SPEAKER_03]
isn't a part of the CDC, which is part of the federal government.
It's an agency of the government.
So it's basically, it's a, you know, it's given the illusion of being somewhat independent, but it's really a part of the government.
In any case, the government accepts the recommendations and they're behind the Australian immunization handbook.
So it's not like you can just palm them off as nobodies.

[SPEAKER_04]
Wow.
That's how many people on the committee?
That I don't know.
like dozens or small number?
No idea.

[SPEAKER_03]
What I do know is that they are the official, that they give the official recommendations to the government and the government basically accepts them.
And as I said, they produce the Australian immunization handbook, which is what the medical boards use.
So all the doctors basically have to comply with it.
So yeah, it sounds like the government to me.
It's not like it's just some independent body of independent researchers like me.

[SPEAKER_04]
And you've not been able to talk to anybody on that committee.

[SPEAKER_03]
That's right.

[SPEAKER_04]
You don't even know who's on the committee.
Well, I mean, that's government transparency for you.

[SPEAKER_03]
Looked into that, but there's certainly a lack of transparency with what is behind this decision.
What they have shown is very unimpressive and very concerning, but there must be stuff that they haven't shown.
They don't talk about the risks.
We know about risks.
We know about the myocarditis studies in proper journals, Oxford press journals, for example, and they don't mention it whatsoever.
So there's a problem here.
There's a problem here.

[SPEAKER_04]
It might be Oliver Watson.

[SPEAKER_03]
You ever talk to them?
Ah, so I have actually reached out to the group, generally the same sort of thing, nothing responses.
So, I mean, this is, yeah, this is what we're here for, right?
The big study.
So what's in that?

[SPEAKER_04]
I've written an email to Oliver and I said, yeah, I said, hey, I think your study might be inaccurate and I have some data that I'd like to show you that shows that your study got it wrong.
Would you like to see it?
Yeah.
I got another responder back saying that he was out of the office.

[SPEAKER_03]
The journal to you know, you contact the journal lands and infectious diseases, I believe.
And, uh, was it land so infectious or Lancet regional?
One of the two.
And they, um, yeah, they're not interested in, in the critique.
So I had to go elsewhere for that.
They're not, they're not interested.

[SPEAKER_04]
Imagine that a lot of people are relying on that Watson paper for, um,
for claiming that the COVID vaccines have saved tens of millions of lives.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, your government, I've got another paper, hopefully coming out relatively soon.
that talks about the studies that your government used.
So your government obviously had that report late last year, which was a brilliant report, fantastic report, perfect report to use Trump's sort of language.
And it was, it was big, it was very big.
And it basically said we were right about pretty much everything, right?
The only thing they were clinging to was the vaccine itself.
But they were saying that even the vaccine mandates shouldn't have happened, they probably did more harm than good.
Right.
So brilliant report.
And that's what my upcoming article is about.

[SPEAKER_04]
That's out there saying that we were right about saying who was right about everything.

[SPEAKER_03]
So, well, indirectly, I mean, saying that at the very, at best, lockdown shouldn't have happened face masks.

[SPEAKER_04]
But who is who is who's reports from who wrote the report?

[SPEAKER_03]
So this was the US subcommittee of COVID something or other.
So this is basically from the house.
And this report pretty much admitted so much of the stuff that we've been saying, and even that the vaccine mandates are no good, even that the vaccines were exaggerated for safety and effectiveness, but they still were clinging.
So I'll have that article next month for you.
You might love that one about that US government report that basically admits all this.
um but they still cling to the vaccine they still they they provided three studies two directly one more indirectly and one of those studies was watson so your government you know promoting the vaccine still is still using watson ad out governments all over the world have been using this study and then now okay finally we've got a critique out there that says actually that study is pretty pretty bad that's yeah it's not good at all it's it's basically garbage built on garbage

[SPEAKER_04]
It's like, it's like, it's actually the book turtles all the way down.
It's basically it's all shit, but it's layers of shit that the, uh, that that Watson study is, is built on.
It's built on assumptions, uh, built on assumptions.
It's built on assumptions.
It's really good.

[SPEAKER_03]
Not only is the critique now out there.
And it's actually got some attention.
It was acknowledged by the FDA.
So you can actually go on the FDA side and see, see the link to my critique of what's really, that's amazing.

[SPEAKER_04]
What, how did they, how did, how did they frame that?
Did they say, like, how did they position your.
your response to Watson?

[SPEAKER_03]
They don't really comment about it.
I was quite clever about it.
There was a section on the FDA site where you could actually leave comments.
So I was able to comment on that and leave links to the study.
So the FDA, they have acknowledged receipt of it.
They even have a link to the study from their site.
And more importantly, the US Senate has now got my critique of the Watson study in the official record, thanks to Senator Johnson.
Senator Johnson, he mentioned it a few times in the recent myocarditis hearing and put it into the record.
So again, liability issues, the US government is relying on that study.
So many governments around the world are relying on that study to say the vaccines are so great, they saved millions.
And now they've got my critique there that says, not so fast, the study is pretty trash, as you said.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, so various reasons for that.
Okay.
So what do you believe is the true Value or harm.
Like, do you believe that the vaccines have killed more people than they've safe.
Where are you on the
you know, risk-benefit spectrum for the vaccines in general.
So that, you know, there are some people who claim that, oh, if you're an elderly person, the vaccines are beneficial.
But if you're young, the vaccines are not beneficial.
And of course, all the people that do this have absolutely no data whatsoever to back any of that up.
So where are you on the spectrum?
And then I'm going to ask you to back it up.
on the spectrum, yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
So, well, backing up is what I do.
So I have to be quite careful in what I say.
I'm very careful.
I'm basically a professional agnostic, you know, agnostic about everything.
And if we're talking about the young and healthy, absolutely, I think the risks outweigh the benefits of the vaccines.
You should not take it.
I've been saying this since 2023 and with the recent recommendation change in Australia, it looks like it's fact.
It's just verifiable fact.
It's no longer a conspiracy theory.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, only by the Australian authorities.
Well, yeah, the American government is getting there too.

[SPEAKER_03]
And the UK basically made a similar decision a few years back.
So, you know, it's pretty obvious.
Yeah.
Well, what about New Zealand?
I haven't checked New Zealand.
I should check them, but they're generally quite hopeless.
Generally worse than the others.
All right.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_04]
But so I already know that it's a lot of people think it's bad for the, for the young.

[SPEAKER_03]
So tell me about the older people.
I would say officially I'm agnostic.
Personally, I think it has done more harm than good.
Personally, I'm not prepared to say it saved a single life.
All the, I mean, the gold standard evidence is already trash, right?
The gold standard of evidence.
If you go to the trials, they don't show the vaccine saved a single life.
There's no statistically significant difference in COVID deaths, right?
In fact, there were more deaths overall in the vaccinated group.
But if you're just looking at

[SPEAKER_04]
It's even worse because the Pfizer vaccine, like for this thing to have a benefit, it's got to save COVID lives.
The Pfizer vaccine was one and one.
It was one COVID death in one group and one COVID death in the other group.
And then, of course, they cheated.
by counting someone who died from the Moderna vaccine in the Pfizer trial as a COVID death in the Pfizer trial.
Now that's cheating, isn't it?

[SPEAKER_03]
There's a lot of problems with it.
There's the questions of fraud as well that was reported.
That would be fraud, wouldn't it?
But even just taking it as is, they didn't show a statistically significant benefit, you know, mortality benefit for the JAB.
So that's the gold standard evidence.
And we know that the observational studies have tons of problems.
That's where I come in, pointing out all these problems with the various observational studies and modeling studies.
So I'm not confident in saying that the JABs even saved one life from COVID.
I'm pretty confident the JABs killed people, right?
So definitely for the young and healthy, risks easily, easily outweigh the benefits.
I know you're a fan of AI.
I did consult with AI and it confirmed it.
So hopefully that's an article coming out soon as well.
The AI agrees with me that, especially in the near future, it's very likely.
that it's going to be very obvious that the risks outweigh the benefits, at least for the young and healthy.
For the older people, I mean, I have various reasons for that.
I have the agnostic position that actually there's no good evidence that saved anybody.
But there's also the issue of negative effectiveness.
And that's one of the issues I've been involved in as well.
I had that study or that
that little publication in the Australian Journal of General Practitioners, which goes out to all the Aussie doctors, all the family doctors, and they had to read my article.
That basically said, there's a lot of evidence of negative effectiveness that the jab seems to increase your chance of getting COVID and even dying from COVID.
So given that, I mean, it looks obvious just from COVID alone, the jabs probably done more harm than good.
So I'm not convinced that the jabs even saved one life from COVID or anything else.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, do you, are you aware that if you get like for most diseases, if you get the disease, you're less likely to get the disease in the future.
That's not true for COVID.
If you get COVID, you're more likely to die from COVID and you're more likely to get COVID based on the number of COVID times you've got COVID.
And that was in a paper by Bo.
Bowe and I think it was like a 2023 and I ran across it recently.
It's pretty interesting.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, that's disappointing.

[SPEAKER_04]
Disappointing?
No, that's how it works.
So the assumption for vaccines is that, oh, the vaccines just mimics natural infection.
And of course, if you're naturally infected, you're going to be less likely to get the disease in the future.
Turns out that for some diseases, it's the opposite.
COVID happens to be one of them.
And nobody has ever like notified the public saying, hey, you know, we're using this flawed assumption to get you to take a vaccine.
And it works the other way.
So it's not.
So this only applies to natural infection for some reason they didn't do it for the vaccine, but it's probably more likely that Natural infection makes things worse.
So you've never heard of this study before right?

[SPEAKER_03]
No, I have to check into that.
Did you say it was bow?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah B o w e. Let me let me see if I can

[SPEAKER_03]
That goes against a lot of what I saw about natural immunity, but I guess natural immunity is better than the vaccine.
It doesn't mean that it's good.
So actually it says whether reinfection adds to risks incurred after first infection is unclear.
It's saying that the first infection is associated.
So maybe it's just the misunderstanding of that one there.
Cause I've seen evidence that the natural immunity is actually quite good.
It's certainly better than for the vaccines.
But whatever it is, there was that recent study too that indicates that the spike protein from the jab is worse than the spike protein from COVID.

[SPEAKER_04]
Oh yeah, no question about that.
So, interesting paper.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, we're into that.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, yeah.
So, in sum, while many researchers have gone through two years of infection, the substantial cumulative burden of health loss to
uh, post acute, uh, uh, what's the PSC, uh, post acute, uh, sequel of COVID-19.
So it's, um, it's, uh, I thought it was a really interesting paper anyway.
Um, there's another paper by the, by the same authors except for Bo.
Um, and that paper looked at the VA.
And they, they looked at people who were hospitalized for the flu and hospital and compared them with people who are hospitalized for COVID.
And one of the things that they found in the study was that the percentage of people boosted who got hospitalized for the flu, sorry, boosted for the COVID vaccine was identical to the percentage of people boosted through the COVID vaccine who got hospitalized for COVID.

[SPEAKER_03]
Oh, okay.

[SPEAKER_04]
So what does that tell you?
What does that tell you?
To me, when I see that, I say, wait a second.
if you're if you're boosted for covid you can't get you can't get hospitalized for it because it prevents infection and it has a 10x decrease for hospitalization and it's like there's no possible way you're ever going to be found in the hospital if you get boosted for covid and yet
the percentage is the same whether you're hospitalized for the flu versus hospitalized for COVID.
How can that possibly be?
The only way that could possibly be, as far as I can tell, is if the COVID vaccine doesn't do shit.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, it's looking like it doesn't help and worse than that, it actually harms as well.

[SPEAKER_04]
Okay, so now here's the question of the hour, which is,
Okay, given the vaccine doesn't reduce your net risk of hospitalization, and that includes, oh, maybe reduces infection, but maybe it increases your risk of hospitalization once infected, but the bottom line is that there's no net hospitalization benefit.
The question is, if there's no net hospitalization benefit from a vaccine,
Where is the mortality benefit?
Because mortality is simply a stepping stone on the way to hospitalization.

[SPEAKER_03]
Hospitalization is a stepping stone on the way to... We actually had this in the data, in the New South Wales Health data.
It looked really bizarre.
We had hospitalizations in the unjabbed going to zero, basically.
So all the hospitalizations came from the vaccinated.
But we still had deaths.
We still had COVID deaths in the UNJAB.
How is that possible?
No one's being hospitalized with COVID, but they're suddenly just dropping dead.
That makes no sense.

[SPEAKER_04]
That's how they die.

[SPEAKER_03]
There's clearly dodgy things going on with the data.

[SPEAKER_04]
Right.
So here's the thing.
As far as I can tell, there's nothing in the peer reviewed literature
for any vaccine that shows if you don't have a hospitalization benefit, you can have a, like, it's supposed to be a 10x death benefit.
Is that possible?
It makes no sense.

[SPEAKER_03]
Did you hear about my FOI request to New South Wales Health?
No.
About that?
Because it's super dodgy, the definitions they're using for what's vaccinated, what's unvaccinated.
I did an FOI with the journalist, Aussie journalist Jason Oldbourne, to basically New South Wales Health.
I call it FOI just because that's what you would understand in the States, it's JIPA here.
And basically they admitted that
they were using definitions that we probably wouldn't be comfortable with.
So you know, the whole sort of you have to be fully vaccinated business, you know, a certain amount of days after the second dose sort of business.
So obviously, if you're looking at properly, you know, unvaccinated versus ever vaccinated, suddenly the unvaccinated looks so much better.
but they admitted that they were basically doing that.
They were counting people that receive vaccine doses as unvaccinated.
And then they said, yeah, but we changed it, I think somewhere in 2022.
So all the way up to 2022, that says to me, well, the data's dodgy.
And then they say, well, we changed it in early-ish 2022, March, I think, but we're not gonna share the data with you showing that we did change it because we don't have time.
There you go.
They don't have time to get me the data.
I just have to trust them.
But even without trusting them, they've admitted they've done the dodgy all the way up to March of 2022.
So all the data is completely, completely dodgy.
Yeah.
Are you surprised?
No, I'm not surprised, but it's just one more, one more key, you know, one more, one more key to this case and to other people's cases as well.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
So, so, so in Australia, there was no hospitalization, but do you have data that confirms that there's no hospitalization benefit?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, based on those actual dashboards, yes, that's correct, because we had zero hospitalizations.
And then they stopped.
They stopped giving us the data.
So once the data showed the unvaccinated were doing really well with regards to hospitalizations, then they stopped giving us the data.
And that was that, you know, we don't have the data anymore.
So that's the report.
Did you take the screenshots and what is that data still available at all you can you don't need screenshots there that they're right there you can go get the PDFs right now, all the way up to I think it's late 2022 maybe September November something like that.
And then they just stop.
They stop giving us the data based on how many vaccine doses people have had.
I think the UK did the same as well because it starts looking embarrassed because the unvaccinated are doing really, really well, even on covid, not just on all cause mortality for covid mortality as well.

[SPEAKER_04]
Right.
So there is presumably they had data showing that the percentage of hospitalized people is greater
Like if it was 80% vaccinated, you'd have like 85% in the hospital.
Oh, I love it.
I can't wait.
I love stuff like that.
I eat that stuff for breakfast.
There you go.
You're putting in the chat.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_03]
There you go.
So, um, it's not the publication surgeon.
It should still get you there.
Yeah.
It gets you there.
Okay.
That's got the FOI.
That's got the FOI.
That's got their tables.
Um, and that shows as well, that shows the links to their reports that show towards the end of the reporting.
There's basically no hospitalizations in my group and the unvaccinated group.
I, uh, I did not take the, wow.

[SPEAKER_04]
No hospitalizations in the unvaccinated, huh?

[SPEAKER_03]
That is right.
And you know quite a lot about this topic, the healthy vaccine effect.
When you factor that in, it's even worse.

[SPEAKER_04]
Absolutely.
Yeah.
So it's unknown and no effective dose.
That means unvaccinated.
So even if you add unknown and no effective dose, the percentages are...

[SPEAKER_03]
They're looking pretty good for the unvaccinated.

[SPEAKER_04]
Right, but death percentage of total cases.
So the death percentages are fairly low.
So if you take like 243 plus 24, that's 250.
But two effective doses was 690.
So it's a fraction of that.
But it's not like 1% of all the people.
So it's 1,000 people died.
It looks like 267 were unvaccinated.
Is that right?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, you could hardly call it a pandemic, could you?
I mean, we lose in Australia, I think somewhere between 400 and 500 people a day.
And throughout most of the pandemic, we're losing like one or two people to COVID.
And at the very, very height, it was around 100 for a couple of days.
But for the most part, it was like one or two deaths a day.
And we lose about 400 to 500 people a day for all causes.
So it's pretty much a nothing burger.
And that's accepting that data is accurate, which it's not.
We know the whole, you know, what's from COVID with COVID issue.
We had the Greek study that shows that might be half.
You know, they've inflated the deaths by two.
We know that that's a big concern.
So it really looks like COVID itself was a complete nothing burger.
I'm more concerned with the vaccine.
Especially now, if governments are willing to start accepting that, at least for the young and healthy, the risks outweigh the benefits, I'd be very concerned about the vaccine right now.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, so all the data I've seen shows that there's been all of these, there have been a number of studies claiming VE of death is 90% or more, meaning you have a tenfold reduction in deaths, but the healthy vaccine effect is about 5x.
So that gets you to 80%.
And then you add the non-proportional hazards.
On top of that, which is the square root of five.
So let's say it's two.
So it's a little bit more than two.
So then you have a factor of 11, which is a 91% vaccine efficacy for a vaccine that's basically a placebo shot.

[SPEAKER_03]
And you know, you know, but a bit about this as well.
It's we don't have gold standard evidence saying that the vaccine saved anybody.
We don't have the gold standard evidence for that.
We don't have top level evidence for that.
We're just going to have to keep looking, comparing the jabbed and the unjabbed, their health outcomes, see how they go.
You know, for everything cancer, especially cancers on the up here in Australia and in, and in America and in the UK, and they don't know what's causing it.

[SPEAKER_04]
We might have an idea, but it's only happening to people who got the COVID vaccine.

[SPEAKER_03]
I seem to be, I seem to be red, but that's, that's just a coincidence.
That's right.
It's the it's shaking the duvet too vigorously.
It's climate change.
It's winter vagina.
It's eating too many eggs.
It's exercising hard.
That's what it is.

[SPEAKER_04]
I'm doing too much exercise.

[SPEAKER_03]
You far right fascist you didn't you know exercise is part of far right fascism now.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
So I have the data from the Czech Republic and it's great because you can actually take fixed cohorts and you look at their mortality and you match the mortality of the fixed cohorts and they match up because you match them at the very beginning and then they diverge.
And what happens is the vaccinated seem to die more over time, no matter how you select your cohorts.

[SPEAKER_03]
That sounds pretty good.
Are you getting that published?
Are you gonna get that in the journals?

[SPEAKER_04]
Oh, I'm focusing on my debate first, but then I'll put that out.
I mean, it's hard to argue with fixed cohorts.

[SPEAKER_03]
I'd like to see that and maybe do something with that.
That sounds very good.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, well, I mean, with fixed cohorts, there's no hiding, right?
If you have two fixed cohorts and they're dying at the same rate, and then all of a sudden when they roll out the boosters,
the vaccinated group and it's the same group, their death rate starts going up compared to the unvaccinated group who didn't get the boosters.
Do you think maybe that the vaccine might have had something to do with it or did they just spontaneously decide?
at that point to die more.

[SPEAKER_03]
It's reminiscent of the trials Pfizer said, because there were more cardiovascular deaths in the vaccinated in their own trials.
And Pfizer said, yeah, but that had nothing to do with the vaccine.
Now, they don't have the right to say that you're running a controlled trial.
So either you accept the results of the controlled trial where any discrepancies basically attributed to the treatment, or you admit you admit that your trial is bogus.
It's not a properly controlled trial.
It's one or the other.

[SPEAKER_04]
either way it's not good for them is it no and in fact the the study are you're familiar with the study that was done by red so fluffy right
in Florida?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yes, yes, the Florida study with LIDAPO as well.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
And it showed basically you compare the vaccine types and you find out that Pfizer is the more dangerous type on a non-COVID all-cause mortality basis, but also on a cardiovascular basis.

[SPEAKER_03]
That was a surprise to me.
Normally I've seen that Moderna is worse and that would make sense because Moderna is a higher dose.
So why would Pfizer suddenly that?
I don't know, maybe there's something extra in the Pfizer.

[SPEAKER_04]
Maybe the SV 40, you know, I don't know, you know, they were definitely different.

[SPEAKER_03]
There's still so much we don't know.
And that's why it's so scary that, you know, they were approved and encouraged and even mandated and
We still don't know everything we should know about it.
And we certainly didn't back then.
I mean, the CDC was caught out basically giving us misinformation, right?
When they said that the jab stays at the injection site only for a couple of days doesn't do anything.
They said that.
Really?
They said that?
I've showed, I'll send you the link to that.
I've got the Wayback Machine archives showing that they've actually changed their site now because it's obviously true that that's obviously false what they've said.
So they changed the site.
That didn't get on the news though, did it?
That wasn't plastic.
Are you kidding me?
Got it wrong that it stays there only for a couple of days.
They didn't publicize that.

[SPEAKER_04]
Minor mistake.
Yeah, that's right.

[SPEAKER_03]
They're the true misinformation super spreaders.
Maybe it'll be different now.

[SPEAKER_04]
They certainly are.
I'm making some progress, I hope, very soon to be able to get the CDC on the record as answering a few of my questions.
So that'll be fine.

[SPEAKER_03]
And you got the debate wrapping up.

[SPEAKER_04]
Sorry.

[SPEAKER_03]
The big, the big debate, the million dollar debate.

[SPEAKER_04]
It's, it's, it's going along.
Um, we'll, we'll, we'll see.
It's, it's plotting along.
Uh, you know, it might be, it might be a month or two at this rate, but, but we'll see.
I'm trying to, uh, push it along.

[SPEAKER_03]
It takes so long, but the longer it takes, the better for outside because you just get more evidence, don't you?

[SPEAKER_04]
I mean, like the, the levy study was, was great, you know, and that happened, you know, before the bell rang.

[SPEAKER_03]
So you got a few more interesting articles coming out next month as well, which, which you might want to look at.

[SPEAKER_04]
Good.
So do you want to tell us about the Watson paper and do you have like, okay, they had five things and let's look at all five of them and they're all super fraudulent?
So before we get into that, was there anything honest in the study that they actually got it right?

[SPEAKER_03]
That's a harder question than pointing out what actually they got wrong because they got so much wrong.
I guess they were honest in not doing a particularly good job.
They were honest in making data up when they didn't have good data.
They were honest in emitting data.
I mean, they admitted China.
They admitted China.
China is like, what, one fifth of the population.
You might want to factor in the Chinese data now.
We'll just leave China to the side.
They gave us graphs.
They got like a hundred pages of graphs in the supplementary material that show that actually the deaths from COVID is going down until the jab comes in and then it shoots right up.
So I mean, that's a good thing.
That's honest.
But yeah, there's a lot.

[SPEAKER_04]
They probably didn't call that on the abstract though.

[SPEAKER_03]
No, no, of course not.
But that's why you always have to check the supplementary data.
I find so much good stuff in the supplementary data, even if it's 100, 150 pages, you've got to go through it because there's a lot of good stuff in there.
I did that with the Nazi study that's similar to Watson et al.
And it basically showed there's like negative effectiveness for everything, for COVID, for heart problems, for cancer, like what the heck is going on here?
And that's just in the supplementary material.

[SPEAKER_04]
The supplementary material for the Watson study?

[SPEAKER_03]
For an Australian study that's similar to Watson et al, that should be out.
That should be published in November.
So watch out for that one.

[SPEAKER_04]
Oh, you need to let me know on that one.
That sounds great.
So basically, they whitewash it in the main paper and say, hey, nothing to see here, folks.
This thing is safe and effective.
And then in their supplement, it shows it's a shit show.

[SPEAKER_03]
A lot of studies are like that.
I've seen, I think, a Lancet paper as well that said the vaccines are effective.
And then you look in the supplementary material and then it says for this group it was negative.
Why wasn't that mentioned in the article?
We've got negative effectiveness right here.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, it's like the all-cause mortality signal in the Pfizer study, that was never mentioned in the abstract at all.
You had to go into the supplement
to find out the key piece of information, which is that if you got the vaccine, you were more likely to die.
That's right.

[SPEAKER_03]
And imagine what's in the stuff they're not showing us, because they don't give us all the data.
Imagine what's there.

[SPEAKER_04]
So did they do that because they have to do that and they're required to give that data in the supplement or do they do that because it's kind of their way of saying, hey, I've got to get my paper published.
So I'm going to lie in the paper, but I'll show you the real stuff in the supplement.
So, you know, like, is this like, I sometimes wonder about that.

[SPEAKER_03]
I wonder if actually, are they trying to get the word out without getting the word out, without making it obvious?
And then you just rely on someone like yourself and myself to actually pick up on that and say, Whoa, this is huge news.
And it varied in the supplement.
Like maybe someone did that on purpose.
Maybe one of the secondary authors, for example.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, it could be, it could be like, like honest people.
Have you ever run across any honest statisticians, any honest mainstream statisticians?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
And the second they're honest though, they're straight away on our side.
Like they're no longer part of.
polite society so yeah I don't want to give certain names because they probably don't want to be a good profile right now but yeah that's what happens I mean someone comes out a doctor comes out and says look there's vaccine injury stuff like that and now suddenly they're just on our side you know that they're no longer someone that we can say look someone even on their side is saying this stuff as well they're not on their side anymore

[SPEAKER_04]
So has any any big trusted authority in Australia that would be comparable to like what's his name in the in the UK?
I see Mahatma.
Are there any names like that that have flipped over from pushing vaccines to now being on our side?

[SPEAKER_03]
Sort of.
It doesn't come to mind someone that's fully committed like we are, but there are a few mainstream doctors, mainstream health figures that have.
said stuff very conducive to our arguments.
One is Professor Karen Phelps.
She was like considered Australia's top doctor, got the highest awards, things like that.
And she basically admitted that she's got vaccine injuries.
Her wife has vaccine injuries.
And also that it's really hard for doctors to be able to talk about it because there's just so much effort to suppress such talks.
So that's a pretty huge moment.
And another one is- And what happened to her?
I don't know.
I mean, she's still there.
She's not fully fully on our side.
There's also Coatsworth again.
Again, not fully on our side quite just yet, but he's basically said, yeah, there's a lot more like with the side effects that hasn't been discussed and maybe you don't want to be taking the boosters anymore.
It's not appropriate to be taking booster shots.
So yeah, it doesn't completely bring to mind someone like Anasim.
Yeah, we'll see how it goes.
I think more people are going to be jumping ship because they have to.
The ones that are left, they're going to be in serious trouble.
You want to be jumping ship now as it's becoming more and more obvious.
You want to be coming over to our side right now.
Apologize right now, because if you're one of the last few people, you're in shit.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, our ship is happily boarding new passengers.
So if you want to get on the other boat,
Just say the word.
So tell us about your Watson takedown.
What are the key points?

[SPEAKER_03]
It's a modeling study, and it's garbage in, garbage out.
It depends on the figures you're feeding into the model.
So I mean, that's a concern from the get-go, using a model instead of just using the raw data.
Why can't you just compare jabbed and unjabbed and see who's doing better?
Instead, they want to use a fancy model, because a model you can manipulate.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
What's their excuse for not using, hey, you know, don't eat the model anymore.
I got the check record level data.

[SPEAKER_03]
Let's analyze it.
Basically every critique I'm doing, I'm saying this is a modeling study.
They could have just used the raw data, you know.
But okay, so the data, the numbers are using super dodgy.
So they're using effectiveness estimates.
We know they're exaggerated.
I've done some work alongside Peter Doshi there, published in the JCP journal, which is published by Wiley, one of the top academic publishers showing that yeah, they're probably exaggerating effectiveness and safety.
So that's a big concern.
But also, they're not just using inflated effectiveness estimates, they're also using static
vaccine effectiveness estimates.
So basically they're saying, right, this is say, we're going to say this vaccine Pfizer, whatever is 60% effective against Delta.
And then it just stays that way.
But we know, I mean, the mainstream science says that is completely wrong.
The mainstream science has no, the effectiveness of the vaccines goes down and really quickly, like within months, even for death, not just for infection, right?

[SPEAKER_04]
And I don't think it's, I don't think it's effective for death at all.
No.

[SPEAKER_03]
I've looked at the check date in detail.
But not factoring in the manipulation, even the mainstream science says, well, it's going down really fast.
Yet this study assumes that the vaccine effectiveness is set in stone, right?
It's steady.
So that's a huge problem with a vaccine.
So you can take off a few million just for that.
You can take off multiple millions for the first problem.
There's conflicts of interest as well.
They don't look at safety, mind you.
So the vaccine could be killing 50 million a year.
It may be safe 20 million.
It could be killing 50 million and they wouldn't know about it because they didn't look at safety.
So that's a big problem.

[SPEAKER_04]
Right.
So it's not a net benefit.
It's a let's look at how many COVID lives we think we're saving.

[SPEAKER_03]
That's right.
That's right.
But what's the point of saving 20, 30 million COVID lives if you've just caused 50 million more cases of cancer?

[SPEAKER_04]
Nobody cares about that.
They just care about how many COVID lives you've saved.

[SPEAKER_03]
I can't, I can't.

[SPEAKER_04]
You know, let's talk about the elephant in the room here.

[SPEAKER_03]
It's political and financial conflicts of interest.
So the group behind the study, I'll get the name for you this time, I came prepared.
The group behind the study is the Center for Global Infectious Disease Analysis at Imperial College London.
Now, the head of that group, not listed on the paper, but the head of that group, Professor Neil Ferguson.

[SPEAKER_04]
Neil Ferguson, heard that name before.

[SPEAKER_03]
Professor Lockdown, because he influenced lockdown policies for the UK and the rest of the world.
And of course, the lockdowns led to the vaccines and the vaccines mandates.
Now, Professor Ferguson is also known for being wrong about previous pandemics, massively wrong all the time, also not being a great guy.
So he broke his own lockdown rules by having an affair with a married woman.
So not a great guy, right?
Not someone I'm sure I'd want to trust, but he's the head of the group.
right?
So there's big political conflicts of interest here.
There's questions about ties to big pharma, so financial conflicts of interest, and there's more.
There's so much wrong with the study.
Like I said, they're using data that's made up.
They're using estimates from non-academic sources like The Economist magazine.
Now, I'm a scholar.
We do not use The Economist magazine, right?
We use like direct data.
We use clinical trials.
That's what we use.
So, and then of course, they admitted data as well.
They pushed data to the supplementary material.
A lot of problems, a lot of problems with this study.
And yeah, you can't trust it.
It's a pretty bad study.
And I find that actually, pretty much all the modelling studies suffer from the same problems, pretty much all the same problems.
And I find the political conflicts of interest quite important as well, because the governments, they're not like they're independent if they're funded by the government, because the governments were approving, encouraging, and even mandating the vaccines.
So you can't say that they're independent.

[SPEAKER_04]
No conflict of interest there.

[SPEAKER_03]
We're independent.
Not getting a dollar from Big Pharma, not getting a dollar from the government.
We're independent.
So yeah, huge problems with that study and multiple studies.
So that was published, was it May?
Yeah, I wanna say May.
So next month, there should be another one.
So I did a meta critique of a bunch of such studies, part two is coming out next month, alongside that other article about that US government report.
And this one's gonna be targeting the American study Katano et al.
That was a pretty cool study because they actually showed that
Um, looking, looking at a different way, looking at quality of life, um, quality adjusted life years.
That was a really quality looking at it.
And yeah, and I found out, you know, same sort of problems with what's in that out.
But even if we accept it as is, even if we accept that telling the truth, the quality adjusted life years for young, healthy people was like a couple of hours.
And for the elderly, it was a couple of days.
I'm like, is this worth getting in the car, having a day off work, feeling like shit for three days afterwards?
Was that worth the three extra hours of life?
I don't think so.
Their own study promoting the jab basically showed it's at best, it's pointless.
At best, right?
At worst, I've shown, well, because of all these deficiencies, we can't rule out that the jab's actually massively harmful.
So that should be coming out next month.
And then a few months later, we've got the ones dealing with the Aussie studies and a New Zealand study as well.
And the European study showing, again, the same sort of problems that you can't trust these studies.
There's so many problems with them.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yep.
Yeah.
So are there some good ways for people to tell when they're being
uh, lied to on, on these studies?
Uh, or is it just experience in, in reading through them?
What's your, you know, do you have like, ah, as soon as I see this, I know the thing's fraudulent.

[SPEAKER_03]
Uh, what, what, what are they going to be very tough for the average lay person?
but if you have any inkling of logic and a little bit of experience in this I mean if you're reading stuff by you the the top misinformation super spreader you're reading stuff by me you can get a better handle on it and the things I look out for is okay
What is their estimates for effectiveness and where do they come from?
If they come from the clinical trials, if they come from the major observational studies, well, you can look at my articles, Doshi's articles on that and see that they're all inflated, right?
If they're using static vaccine effectiveness, they never factor in that actually the effectiveness of the jab goes down over time.
You know they've done something wrong because even the mainstream science
agrees with us there, the vaccine effectiveness goes down really, really, really quickly.
If they're not talking about negative effectiveness, that's a big problem as well, because we've seen a lot of evidence for negative effectiveness.
So why aren't they factoring that in, right?
If they're not talking about safety, that's a good one that any lay person can figure out.
It's like, if you're going to say the jab's worth taking, you've got to do a risk benefit analysis.
If that study is not talking about the risks, it's a trash study.
It cannot tell you that it's worth taking.
You have to look at the risks as well.
It's a risk benefit analysis and always look at the potential conflicts of interest.
Look at the authors, look at whether they've received money from Big Pharma, look at whether they receive money from the governments that mandate the vaccines, look at the relationships they have, the research groups they work for, the universities even that they work for.
We had a study, again that Aussie study comes up, you'll love it, you'll love the November article on this.
The Aussie study
basically people from Monash, right?
And Monash signed this multi-million dollar deal to make mRNA vaccines, right?
So yeah, conflicts of interest all over the place.
Watch out for it.
Do you know where Jeffrey Morris
Jeff Morris, he's our friend of me, right?
He had that article.
He strikes me as someone that really annoys a lot of people on our side because he gives this air of trustability.
He acts like, yeah, he's going to look at it objectively.
He's going to look at it from both sides.
And he really only ends up with conclusions that serve Big Pharma.
Right.
And I had that article against him in Oxford, Oxford University Press's American Journal of Epidemiology.
So he wrote something there and I did a response to him saying that, you know, there's a lot of stuff you're not saying.
There's a lot of stuff that you seem to be ignoring.
So I'm very lucky that they published that.
But yeah, how did he respond to you?
He seems very dishonest.
We had another little interaction as well.
So there was that study, this brilliant study on the flu vaccines, right?
So slowly, I'm not an anti-vaxxer, but slowly, slowly I might become one.
There was a study on the flu vaccines that said, look, basically it looks like it's negatively effective, right?
And Jeffrey Morris comes in.
swinging his you know what say oh because of this and because of that it might actually you know if you tweak the numbers like this and factor in that it's more like 50 50 so i said oh great analysis buddy so you're basically showing us at best it's a worthless vaccine but then you factor in the side effects that you didn't talk about now it's actually still you know the risks that way the benefits no response no response have you ever talked to him directly
On emails, yes, he was sporting enough to actually give me an advanced copy of his AJE article so I could respond to it.
So that was quite nice.
But yeah, generally not, generally not.
And yeah, just completely ghosted on Twitter when I brought that up.
I'm like, okay, so best case scenario, it's worthless and probably harmful because you didn't factor in side effects.
No response.

[SPEAKER_04]
There you go.
So anything else you want our listeners to know, you think that we should know about the COVID vaccines or other vaccines or anything else?

[SPEAKER_03]
I've got a lot happening over the next few months.
If you want to keep updated, go to my site, my sub stack, okthennews.com.
And that's where I will share all my on exit.

[SPEAKER_04]
Okay, as an OKAY, right?
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
OKAYTHENnews.com.
And I basically share all my publications, other cool publications I've come across.
And there's a lot happening over the coming months.
I expect within one or two months, I've got my third win against the vaccine mandates.
And soon after that, we'll be looking at the fourth win.
And as I said, it's not really a question that we're going to win.
We're going to win.
It's more a question of money.
You know, how much are they prepared to give?
How much are we going to accept?
And also, I've got a bunch of articles coming up.
So next month, I should have
at least two, potentially three.
And in a few months, another one as well on the LZ studies and the New Zealand study basically showing that they're all bunk.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, so how do you fund this?
Obviously, you're not getting funding from Pfizer.
Yep.
More Moderna.

[SPEAKER_03]
Like who's, who's finding you are quite sad.
Like I'm doing all this with no support, no financial support, very little support in the media.
I mean, you've, you've had me on your show before Malone has helped share my articles, but in Australia, I'm basically ignored.
None of the big organizations seem interested in sharing my research.
One politician here, you might have met him on the Gold Coast, Senator Roberts.
He's one of our good guy politicians.
He's shared some of my work, but generally very ignored here.
So I really don't have any support.
I don't have any financial support.
I earn less than minimum wage.
I'm relying on my cases at the moment.
So I get no funding for that.
And yeah, in terms of other forms of support, I'm pretty much ignored.
So it's pretty lonely, but it's good to have some influential friends like yourself and Malone and McCullough helping get the word out occasionally as well.

[SPEAKER_04]
So would the best way for people to support your work is to subscribe to your Substack?

[SPEAKER_03]
Absolutely.
Yeah.
Substack.
I see that as a, as a donation.
Basically.
I don't charge for anything.
It's like yourself, you know, it's all out there for free so that people can use it for their cases and for their own.

[SPEAKER_04]
But you can subscribe.

[SPEAKER_03]
People signed up.
Yeah.
And you're donated basically to help support me.
And in future, I think I'm going to need some serious support from someone like a Clive Palmer, you know, a billionaire to actually let, let's do it.
Let's go for a big class action against justice against the bastards.
Have you talked to Clive?
No, his people have done a really good job of keeping me away from him.
You mentioned that lady whose name starts with S. There's some problems there.
A lot of lies, a lot of disappointments.
One of his closest lieutenants actually thought I was amazing and thought I should have been the number one
candidate in the Senate for New South Wales, but unfortunately, it looks like the other people didn't, didn't agree.
So maybe one day I'm hopeful.
I mean, I do know other people that are somewhat connected to, because I think we're going to need someone like it.
We're going to need someone to be able to fund legal action and also protect us from cost orders.
Cause cost orders in this country amount to hundreds of thousands of dollars.
So if we lose a case and we have to pay the other sides, basically bankrupt.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Nope.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, I'm trying to, I'm trying to do what I can without support, but wherever support comes, I'm grateful for, and maybe one day we'll actually get something really big happening.

[SPEAKER_04]
Great.
Yeah.
I'm looking forward to that day when, when somebody with a big pocketbook opens up their, their pocketbook and says, Hey, I want to make a difference.
Yeah, that would be great.
Great.
Good.
Well, thank you.
Thank you so much for, for being here today.

[SPEAKER_03]
No worries.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thank you for your work.

[SPEAKER_03]
And good luck with your debate and with your ongoing issues with the job itself.
Hopefully works out well for you.

[SPEAKER_02]
And we are back live.
What a fantastic interview and conversation between Steve and Raphael Letaster.
Raphael was going to join us this evening to do a live Q&A.
He has not shown up yet.
So I'm going to talk for a few minutes and see if maybe he'll make it.
In the meantime, I want to remind everyone that we have started a new raffle here at VSRF and I'm going to share my screen and show you some details as I said at the beginning of the show.
Here we go.
Let me just get this up here.
We are.
Having a raffle with an exciting giveaway, we're raffling off the Super Palm 1050, a powerful handheld therapeutic light device from SunPower LED developed by photo medicine pioneer Tom Kerber.
This device helps relieve pain, inflammation, arthritis, neuropathy, TMJ, insomnia, and more.
And tickets are just $10 each.
And every purchase supports VSRS mission of truth and transparency.
You can buy as many as you like.
Janet will drop the link in the chat so you can grab your tickets right now.
And the website is givebutter.com backslash sun power LED.
That's give butter.com backslash sun power LED.
If you're want to get in on that raffle, that would be a fantastic prize there.
Love to get one myself actually.
Next week on VSRF live, we're honored to welcome the fabulous and courageous Doctor Sherry Tenpenny.
Let me get this up on the screen.
Dr. Tenpenny is a globally recognized leader in exposing vaccine dangers and medical corruption.
Dr. Tenpenny was among the earliest voices warning about the dangers of COVID-19.
COVID-19 shots, releasing groundbreaking research detailing the mechanisms of injury and long-term consequences of these experimental injections.
Join us as she tackles the critical issue of public profiteering and the weaponization of public health.
It's a must conversation you won't want to miss.
That's coming up next week.
And also, before we sign off tonight, Steve Kirsch was at the Australian National Review Award.
last week and he was recognized for his exceptional research and tireless efforts in exposing COVID-related fraud.
This award highlights the importance of fearless inquiry and standing up for truth, a fitting tribute to Steve's dedication and the mission of VSRF.
I'm going to close with a video of his acceptance speech shortly.
I want to apologize that we do not have Q&A.
I had several questions, but
We'll have to save them for next time.
We have Raphael come on.

[SPEAKER_00]
He's on his way.

[SPEAKER_02]
Oh, he is.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_00]
You will be here in about 15 minutes, 15 minutes, 10, 15 minutes.
Nurse Angela can come on though.

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay.
Well, why don't I do that?
I'll see if I'm going to bring on nurse Angela.
Give me one second here.
All right.
Hello, nurse Angela.
Been a while.
How are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_01]
I'm great.
Livio.
How are you?
Can you hear me?
Okay.

[SPEAKER_02]
I can hear you.
Okay.
Thank you for stepping in while we wait for Raphael to come on live.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
It's good to see you.

[SPEAKER_02]
You too.
I had a couple of anecdotal experiences today that you might find interesting.
Number one, my mom, my mom thought she had a cold and ended up not feeling well at all.
Ended up going to the doctors and tested positive for COVID and they ran two tests and she's at least triple jab and had all kinds of bad experience with that.
And they prescribed her, guess what?
Pax load.
And I, I've done, I did everything I could to try and talk her out of taking it.
I was trying to find a way to get her some ivermectin, but you know, she's, she's totally enthralled with the lab coats and the doctors and does what they say.

[SPEAKER_01]
It's terrible.
I think people really still need to take COVID seriously because it is
this last variant, I had it last week and it was, it was not easy, definitely not easy to recover from.
So I recommend everybody to take, you know, the, the FLCCC, now IMA, the protocols, the vitamin C, D, zinc, ivermectin, get rest.
In hindsight, I wish I would have had a nurse come out and give me an IV with some, like a Meyers lemon cocktail.
Cause it was, it was difficult.
I'm still coughing a little bit from it and it was, it was hard.

[SPEAKER_02]
So it's going around like you got it and didn't your daughter get it as well?

[SPEAKER_01]
We, my whole family got it.
And we had an extended family that got it.
And that's how I didn't even test cause I don't, it's a cold to me.
And so it's all one of the same.
I treat it the same.
Um, but an extended family member tested positive for it.
So that's how I knew that I had it.

[SPEAKER_02]
Unbelievable.

[SPEAKER_01]
So my color's off.
I'm, I'm, my energy is not quite back yet.
But yeah, we still have to take it seriously, unfortunately.

[SPEAKER_02]
So stay on guard, folks.
The other thing, I was in a meeting today, and the person in the meeting I just met today started tearing up, and she had glasses on, and she was like, excuse me one second, hang on, I'm gonna wipe, I just want you to know, I'm not crying.
I have this neurological damage from the vaccine and my eyes just tear up like randomly.
And it was shocking that she acknowledged the, that she was vaccine injured.
And I did ask, so did the doctors tell you that you're a vaccine injured?
And she was like, no, I just know because it happened right after getting the jab and
Amazing.
Have you come across this sort of tearing and this neurological damage from people getting the vaccine?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, that's one of the problems with these vaccine injuries is it's your entire body.
You know, people have cardiovascular issues, neurological issues, GI, immune issues, tearing issues, vision issues.
It's top to bottom and really catastrophic.
Millions and millions of injuries.
I'm really looking forward to the day where they
fully acknowledge the extent of all of these injuries because we will never get treatment and we will never get compensation for all those injured until they acknowledge, I mean, it's not good enough to say, oh, we know that there's a little bit of myocarditis or pericarditis that is self-limiting in these young kids.
We acknowledge some menstrual irregularities.
These injuries are catastrophic and it's very, these people are being gaslit to be told that
it's in their head and they're crazy and they have anxiety.
But yeah, most people do realize they were once healthy.
They get the vaccines and within, you know, minutes to weeks, they're completely a different person with all kinds of problems.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
And, and do you have any update with some of the people that you're working with, uh, currently?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
So I've been working really hard behind the scenes, um, specifically on Sid's cases.
We've had three in particular that I'm very involved with are babies who passed away 12 to 24 hours after the vaccines and parents being accused of harming the babies in one of the situations.
So it's very near and dear to my heart because there's nothing I can imagine worse than losing your child and then being accused of foul play or potential murder when
when the police show up at your house.
And so I've been really working hard behind the scenes on that and helping keep this family out of jail with lawyers and helping them get lawyers to fight in vaccine court.
And then just with cases of other vaccine injured, I have another vaccine injured baby that I've been helping with and another case of almost medical kidnapping in a hospital situation with another child.
The work, the work never ends.
Unfortunately, it's, it's just, it's something that I'm really passionate about and I love and, and these people don't have help.
The government isn't helping them.
And so fortunately we're, we're able to, which is very nice.
It's rewarding.

[SPEAKER_02]
Bless you for doing all that work and helping so many.
It's, uh, it's, uh, I'm sure it's rewarding, but I'm sure very challenging emotionally and mentally to have to see these cases of that keep coming up, keep happening.

[SPEAKER_01]
And some of it is rewarding.
Last night I was actually with a, uh, a family and a baby that I advocated for, I think maybe about seven or eight months ago.
And this baby is thriving and doing well and is vaccine free and, um,
but I helped them while they were in the hospital and I got to be with that family last night.
So it is nice to see good outcomes as well.
Happy family, healthy babies, so.

[SPEAKER_02]
Excellent that you get to see them face to face and spend some quality time.
There is a question about how Alexis is doing in the chat.
Can you give us an update on how Alexis is doing?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, Alexis is, she is hanging in there.
She's a tough girl.
She is slowly,
getting better.
She actually happens to be in the hospital right now as we speak at Cedars-Sinai.
She will need lifelong care.
She does have this pre-existing condition as well, but her vaccine injury on top of it is, you know, it's not something that just goes away.
Most of the vaccine injured have to live with it the rest of their life.
And so she's got a long ways to go.
But fortunately she is better and everything is completely healed on the outside, a lot of scar tissue and a lot of pain that she's dealing with.
Um, but she's strong.
She's a tough, tough girl.

[SPEAKER_02]
So she's been through a lot.

[SPEAKER_01]
She's been through a lot.
And thanks to everybody's support and love and help is that's what got her through it.
If it wasn't for the people, you know, our listeners and the wonderful people out there, she wouldn't be where she is right now.
And so it's really,
the people taking care of the people.
The government, the people that did this to us are not taking care of us, but it's the people taking care of the people.
So there's so many beautiful stories that have come from this and the help that we've received.
There are some silver linings.

[SPEAKER_02]
Great.
Well, Rafael has come on backstage.
Let me bring him in.
You want to hang out and do some questions with me?
All right.
Rafael, welcome back to VSRF Live.
Great to see you again this evening.
Good evening, good morning, depending on where you are.
Yes, good evening for me, good morning for you, and good afternoon for Angela.
So three different time zones.
That was a great conversation you had with Steve.
I always love listening to the two of you banter back and forth.
And I've got a bunch of questions from the audience, but I have a question for you in that, in your view,
What would a more vigorous and transparent approach to evaluating vaccine effectiveness and safety actually look like if we were being transparent?

[SPEAKER_03]
Oh, good.
Thanks for starting with an easy one, because really, I think so much went wrong.
For one thing, it would be good to get actual independent trials done.
not run by the people that actually have a stake in profiting off of the products here.
That would be ideal, especially when it has global ramifications.
It would also be good if the trials ran for more than just a couple of months.
That would be really good too, before we start saying it's safe.
And ideally when the whole point of the vaccines was to save lives, it would be good if they actually were powered to save lives.
So it's quite well known that the trials weren't even set up to detect that, that there weren't enough participants, it would cost more money.
Well, we're talking multi-billion dollar companies here.
We're also talking Operation Warp Speed and all the governments willing to fund as well.
So we could have easily come up with a trial that would have been able to be powered for that.
So there's quite a lot there.
There's also a lot that would need to be done around the definitions and clarity over what it is that they're actually measuring.
So apparently it's just common knowledge that they weren't measuring lives saved, but what actually were they measuring?
You know, it's very, it's okay.
We're measuring how many, you know,
how many fewer cases of confirmed COVID via PCR testing there is for this small time period after a certain amount of weeks have elapsed post-vaccine.
I mean, it's just pathetic.
I mean, that's not what we want to know.
We want to know actually, is it going to stop infections?
Is it going to stop transmission?
Is it going to save lives?
So I think a lot of clarity and a lot of thought behind what you're actually measuring would be really good as well.

[SPEAKER_02]
And is there any inkling in Australia that we're moving at all in that direction?

[SPEAKER_03]
Oh, no.
And I think it's impossible to get that.
So we don't have the gold standard evidence, which would be the randomized control trials.
And I think we're never going to get it because what what unjabbed person at this point is going to say, yeah, I'll go into this trial with a 50% chance of getting a vaccine that I know can kill me.
I mean, I'm certainly not going to sign up to that.
I think the unjabbed people, the ones who are still alive, you know, the ones that weren't killed by the glorified cold, I think the one, those of us that are still alive are not going to be going into that trial.
So if they even wanted to, which they clearly don't, it's not going to be possible.
The only way we're gonna really decisively sort this out is to have these sort of observational studies and controlling it, controlling for confounders and looking at directly, you know, and Steve has been doing this as well.
It's like, we have to look at the jabbed and the unjabbed and look who's doing better, you know, with regards to heart problems, with regards to cancer, even with regards to COVID, because I've seen lots of evidence that those who are unjabbed are doing better with regards to COVID as well.
Like myself, I mean, it's only an anecdote, but I got COVID and it was a nothing burger.
It was less than a typical cold for me.
I didn't even get the sore throat.
Well, you've got other people that have, you know, had 10 jabs and they're still getting COVID and serious COVID.
So that's only anecdotal, but when you look at greater data sets, we're seeing that as well.
We're seeing, you know, often people who didn't take the jab are doing better with regards to COVID and everything else.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, right before you came on, I was sharing an anecdote about my mom who just tested positive.
She's been really struggling with this bout of COVID.
And she's at least triple jabbed, probably quadruple.
And that caused all kinds of illness for her over the last few years.
And she's still with us, but now she's and she even said it to me on the phone today.
I can't believe I got this.
I got vaccinated and I'm still getting COVID and there's no way around it.
I was trying to
I'm not in the same state, but I have ivermectin and I'm going to try to FedEx it.
I FedExed her some so she'll get it tomorrow, but I don't think she'll take it.
Is that legal?

[SPEAKER_03]
Are you allowed to do that?
It crossed state lines.
I know.

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, I just said it out loud, but she's probably not going to take it.
And it's been a few days.
And Angela, she also mentioned Angela just got COVID and actually a pretty bad case of it.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, I had a pretty bad case.
You know, if you, if you take care of your body and you, you take the right supplements, you get through it like a, like the flu.
So yeah, no point in putting something, you know, so harmful in your body with so many risk factors.
And, um, you know, we know the data is skewed.
I have a friend who is a whistleblower in a, in a big hospital where they're like evaluating million.
They've got 8 million records and.
they're doing kind of like post-marketing surveys.
And in these records, it shows that about two thirds of the people in these records are not vaccinated for anything at all.
So how can you be looking, and we know that that's not the case.
We know that millions of people have been vaccinated.
And so our data is so flawed.
It's really hard to look at data anymore with how they've manipulated and
lied, and like you were saying, Rafael, about how they classify whether you have been vaccinated or not, depending on how, you know, for 30 days after your first dose, you're considered not vaccinated.
So our data is pretty, pretty bad.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
All right, I'm gonna, I'm gonna get to some audience questions.
I'm gonna start with Osu, Osi, are you soft?
Given this upside down world where good science was punished and bad science rewarded, how were you punished for telling the truth?

[SPEAKER_03]
I was punished in several ways.
And the most obvious one and the one that is the reason why I'm sort of in the public eye now is that I was fired.
I was fired from my job at New South Wales Health.
I was working for, I think it's the largest children's hospital network in the country, in Australia.
And I was fired because I wouldn't take the COVID vaccines.
I wanted to wait.
I wanted to see what it's like because you know it had only just come out I wanted to see what the long term implications might be and they fired me for that even though I was working from home.
So I.
I actually saw on Twitter, there was one of our good guy politicians actually shared that there was a win against the mandates.
So I looked them up and said, oh, maybe I could do that too.
I contacted the lawyer and we went ahead and I've won.
We fought it.
We won.
We got a few victories and we're looking at two more victories.
and maybe that'll be it for me or maybe as I was discussing with Steve maybe some rich benefactor will jump in like a Clive Palmer in Australia billionaire and maybe we can actually do something more substantial for more people as well class action for all the wrongs done so I mean there's that I was fired for nothing and that pretty much destroyed my life
hurt my mental health, my ability to function, my ability to work and so forth.
And also there is the rest of it.
There's a lot more than that.
There is the censorship that's been going on, the persecution in that way.
And there's even more that applies to everybody really.
It's like the lockdowns that weren't justified.
and the constant demonization of my group, the unjabbed and being excluded from society.
The same group of people keep going on about the rights of immigrants, including illegal immigrants, foreigners, refugees.
Like, how about the rights of your own people?
What about our rights?
And I have a migrant background too, by the way, so I'm not being racist or anything like that.
But yeah, what about us?
Yeah, a lot of bad stuff.
It ruined my life.
It's ruined a lot of people's lives.
Some people even killed themselves over this.
It's been pretty real for us.
It's not imaginary.
It's not hypothetical.
It's not, oh, something bad happened to my ancestors 400 years ago.
It's like, no, this is happening to us and it's happening right now.
And it's still happening, right?
I'm still being censored and the like.
So I still don't have my justice.
That's what I'm fighting for.
And that's why as a happy side effect, if you will, of all this, I've actually done research as well.
So I was a researcher, but I wasn't researching this sort of stuff.
And now I see a path forward for me to contribute something to the world, to others, to people like me fighting this stuff.
I mean, I'm good.
I'm about to win my cases and yeah, that's good for me.
But I'm also wanting to help others as well.
And I do that all for free.
There's no charge for anything I'm doing regarding this.
the research, sharing the research online and helping other people with their cases.
I want to continue to do that.
Maybe if I get better after the case is done, I'll do a PhD in medicine as well.
I've already spoken to a few unis about that.
There's a few that are actually interested in having me on major Australian universities.

[SPEAKER_02]
I'll take you even though you're a big misinformation super spreader.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, and it's probably because the potential supervisors are quite cool.
Like they're sort of on our side.
So that helps a lot.
So that could be very, very much a path forward for me to get my life back on track and to help a lot of other people as well.
and to do what I'm already doing, but to a greater extent, to help get the word out about what good science looks like, what good logic looks like, and what policies would be good and so forth.

[SPEAKER_02]
It would be great to have someone like yourself having an influence on that.
What is the timetable on your case?
I don't know if Steve asked you that or if you mentioned it, but how much longer do you think before you have a verdict?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, this third action, this third legal action, it really depends on the other side.
Like they've already admitted liability.
Everything in the legal world takes so long.
Like just doing another form, just having something shifted that they'd shifted.
Here's another few months added to it.
I mean, very hopefully it could be done within the next few months.
Maybe in the longer end, it's early next year.
And then sometime later next year, we do the fourth and final action and walk away from it finally.
That would be great.
I noted that it's pretty much, we're going to win.
It's just the case of how much, you know, are they gonna come to the party?
Are they gonna be fair?
But they've already admitted liability, so you can't lose.
The other side's already admitted liability.
They've already admitted that they've harmed me.
So now it's just, right, let's see how much we can get.

[SPEAKER_02]
And in Australia, who determines what the amount would be?
Is that a judge?
Is it a negotiation?
How does that get determined?

[SPEAKER_03]
So right now it's something that we have to discuss, the two sets of lawyers.
And then if we can't agree, then it goes to the member of the commission.
It's not technically a judge, but it's basically a court with a judge.
The commission member gets to decide then what would be fair, but hopefully we can come to an agreement and it doesn't have to get to that.
So far, the two wins I've had so far, I didn't have my day in court.
They were settled outside.
But the second one did involve a commission member.
The first one didn't.
We'll see how the next two go.
I mean, there's pluses and minuses to everything.
If they don't come to the party and we actually have to go to court with the judge, that's good too, because we're going to have our day in court.
We're going to win, right?
Whatever the amount is, we'll at least have the bragging rights and we can inform the media and so forth as well and hopefully get some attention out there and inspire others.
I mean, the reason that I am doing these legal actions is because I was inspired by someone else that did the same.
and got the win.
So there you see how important it is for people like us, you know, to be sharing this, this excellent news of victories and fights because it can inspire others to take action.
It inspired me and hopefully in what I'm doing with fighting my cases and doing the research as part of that, hopefully that's inspiring others to take action as well.

[SPEAKER_02]
Are you getting any publicity in the media down there for this case?

[SPEAKER_03]
No, no, as I as I said with Steve, I don't know why I can't figure it out.
But in Australia, even beyond the mainstream, which you would expect the alternative news people in Australia, they have not taken me on board.
They have
They're not impressed.
The American side is very different.
I've had, you know, Steve Kersh and Robert Malone and Peter McCullough sharing my work and becoming co-authors in some of my papers, sharing my research, I should say.
And yeah, helping to let people know about what I'm doing, my legal battles and so forth.
But in Australia, it's, yeah, it's silence.
It's crickets.
I don't get it.
I really don't get it.

[SPEAKER_02]
Please let us know as soon as you win.
and so that we can support you and actually share it with the world.

[SPEAKER_03]
Oh yeah, I'll be letting everybody know.
I'll be shouting it from the rooftops even if no one's listening.
I'll be letting everybody know.

[SPEAKER_02]
I've got a question from Olga Vida.
What is wrong with the study finding 84% fetal loss estimate from COVID shot during pregnancy?
Josh Gutzhau said it's incorrect.
Do you know why?

[SPEAKER_03]
I'm not very familiar with that.
I do recall that.
Yeah.
Some people were saying this, this the issues with it.
We have to be very care.
I haven't read this study in full.
I've been focused on other studies, but we do have to be very careful about the claims we make.
I think there's a lot of people hyping stuff up on our side.
So I try and be, yeah, I am an academic.
I try and be more nuanced, more measured about the things that I'm saying.
And that's maybe part of the reason why I am getting some articles published.
I still get rejected all the time, but I have managed to get some articles across the line.
And that's because, you know, when we're dealing with science, when we're dealing with logic, we have to be very careful about what we're saying.
And that applies to us as well.
That's not just the, that's not just for the other side.
For example, when people say, well, here's this, here's this alternative medicine I want you to take for COVID and COVID vaccine injuries.
I'd be asking the same questions as I'm asking a Pfizer and Moderna for their vaccines.
I'm like, well, have you tested this?
Have you done any sort of controlled trials?
How long have you tested it for the safety and so forth?
So yeah, I'm not 100% familiar with that study, but it wouldn't surprise me that people maybe have hyped up certain studies beyond what they should be.

[SPEAKER_02]
Question from Genius AF.
What is the current sentiment in Australia about the severe pandemic response there?
Are people still fooled about the COVID shots?
Are they rejecting childhood vaccines after seeing what happened with COVID shots?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, yes and no.
With regards to childhood vaccines, they're not very popular for children.
I mean, I've had plenty of people say, yeah, I gave it to my oldest child, not the younger ones, and we're not going to do any more.
And in general, people aren't taking the COVID shots anymore, boosters and so forth.
So I get the feeling that, yeah, in Australia, they basically know they were scammed.
Like the whole thing was a scam from the very beginning, from the severity of COVID.
Like it became very obvious, especially we were a year later than the rest of the world being sort of isolated with the oceans and everything.
and we could sort of see what's going on the rest of the world.
And you had that fake video from China of someone dropping dead in the street.
And that was a fake video.
You don't have any real videos of that.
We certainly didn't see that in Australia.
You go walk around, you're like, you don't see anyone dropping dead from COVID.
Like, is this meant to be a pandemic or what?
We don't even know anybody who's died from COVID.
Like, very few people would know someone that's died from COVID.
It's probably just with COVID for most of that.
But so I think in general Aussies know that they were scammed and it was bull crap.
But the problem is Aussies are also lazy and have a really shitty attitude of she'll be right.
And my attitude is no, she'll not be right, mate.
She'll not be right.
We need to fight for justice here for the people like myself that has been massively screwed over.
And we need to make sure this doesn't happen again.
But Aussies are pretty lazy, pretty overly laid back.
And on one side, that's good and, you know, helps you cope.
And on the other side, it's not so good because how you, how you going to make improvements, right?
Hey, how are you going to fight for justice?
If you're just going to say, Oh, yeah, it's all good.
She'd be right.
So I think generally Aussies know, but at the same time, they're not really going to do anything about it.
I gave the example too that we had a pretty decent freedom party during the pandemic that was getting a lot of support and once the lockdowns were over and we had the election a few months later, the party did terribly, like no one wanted to vote for them anymore.
So that gives you sort of insight into Australian stupidity and laziness.

[SPEAKER_02]
I remember seeing videos of police coming to citizens homes in Australia and arresting them because we're seen outside or outside without a mask or something.
It seemed pretty, pretty severe there.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
And there was a one guy that the, the, the copper picked up and threw his head into the ground and they were, that's, that's a bit much for what, for what we've been, we've been proven correct on all of it.
It was all nonsense.

[SPEAKER_02]
And I bet that you didn't get an apology or anything.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, exactly.
We even had one.
And this is what's so scary about waging legal warfare.
And that's why I'm saying for further actions, I'm going to need some help.
I've been doing everything basically by myself with no funding, with no support.
That's not going to be the case for future actions.
If there's going to be future actions, I'm going to need someone like Clive Palmer to step in and protect me from the financial aspects.
Because we had somebody win a related case in Victoria, and they were still ordered to pay the other side's costs.
And you think, what is that?
That's going to discourage people from pursuing justice, isn't it?
Not only is it expensive in itself, if you win, it's meant to be great, right?
But they actually had to pay the legal costs of the other sides.
It makes no sense.
No sense.
Nothing makes sense anymore.

[SPEAKER_02]
So yeah, we're going to need some help from some rich and powerful people.
Well, hopefully your case will lead the way and inspire others to follow in with you.
Question from Ohm for us.
Can Raphael mention three talking points that debunk the Watson et al study?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yep.
Yep.
Okay.
There's way more than that, but let's limit it to three.
The figures they're using, it's a model and the figures they're using for the effectiveness of the vaccine, they're inflated.
As I showed in
several papers and Peter Doshi showed in several papers, he's one of the senior editors of the BMJ, we showed in the JCP journal, the way that they're defining a vaccinated person, things like that, they've inflated effectiveness figures.
So the model is already
Kaput from the very beginning, they're using wrong figures there.
And then related to that, they're assuming static effectiveness.
So they assume that, okay, this is the effectiveness of the vaccine against say this variant, say 60% against Delta variant, and then it just stays 60% the whole time.
We know that's not true.
In fact, mainstream, the mainstream science on this knows that's not true.
That's why we need to keep taking booster shots, right?
So everyone knows that's false.
And yet this high profile study assumed it was true, that the vaccine effectiveness is static.
And another big one for me is the conflicts of interest, the financial and political conflicts of interest that ties to Big Pharma, but more importantly, the boss of the research group, the research group from Imperial College London.
The boss is Professor Neil Ferguson.
He wasn't listed on the paper.
So you think, what's going on there?
Normally they'd be listed as the senior scientists and things like that, but they're not listed on the paper, but it's Professor Ferguson who, yeah, has a history of being wrong and being a jerk and, you know,
having affairs and things like that, but also was so influential in the lockdowns in the UK and the rest of the world as well.
And the lockdowns led to, at least here in Australia, directly led to the vaccines.
They wouldn't let us out of our home until we got a certain percentage of people vaccinated.
And then once we got to that,
they raised the bar we had to get to the next you know the next percentage and so you can imagine getting back to that earlier question i think the first question asked of me you can imagine what that did to people like myself some people caved some people were strong like me but it still takes a toll and we're demonized by the rest of society and blamed because oh we can't lock down because of people like you because of you you know you refuse to get the job we can't get out of the lockdown we can't go to the pub anymore so

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, a lot of shaming and blaming.

[SPEAKER_03]
Especially if I could just say one more thing about Watson et al.
And a bonus one in there.
They're not looking at the risks, right?
We know there are severe risks to the to the jab as as nurse Angela was was discussing just a second ago, and people have died from the job, my own government here, they admitted that the jab has killed people.
We know they're not admitting as much as they should be admitting, but they have admitted it.
And yet that's not factored into the Watson et al study.
I make the point, maybe not using the exact number, but I make the point, what's the point of having a vaccine that saves 30 million if you're killing 50 million?
There's no point to that.
So that could be the case.
They're encouraging their vaccine, but they've only looked at half of the equation.
And very poorly, I might add.

[SPEAKER_02]
Right.
All good points.
Question from Alp7cows.
Has Australia eliminated the vaccine mandate and what are the chances Australia would exit the World Health Organization, the WHO?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, pretty much the mandates are over here.
I mean, there might be still one here and there that I don't know about.
I haven't checked all of that, but for the most part they're gone.
And we've even had people successful fighting the mandates like myself, like the Clive Palmer funded action in Queensland as well.
And that's why I have some hope maybe he'll be involved in my future actions.
So for the most part they're done.
I mean, there might be one here and there, but for the most part they're over.
what was the second part of the question what are the chances australia would exit the who right i think that's zero so good good work over there with trump and kennedy that's fantastic we don't have a trump we don't have a kennedy and maybe i'll be the kennedy one day we'll see how that goes but uh yeah we don't have that we're very much
Yeah, we're very much doing what the elites want us to do in Australia.
We do have the left-wing government in power now.
They're probably gonna be in power forever now.
They're looking at doing what the UK is doing, lowering the voting age, which pretty much guarantees it.
They're bringing in tons of migrants, which pretty much guarantees it.
So I don't have a lot of hope for Australia politically wise, unless we actually get our version of a Trump or unless you make us a state of America, which would be amazing.
I don't have a lot of hope for us.
I think I think we're pretty much we're cooked as they would say.

[SPEAKER_02]
Oh, that's that is a bummer.
I got a question from Dr. Laura.
I am confused at what age do the risks outweigh the benefits?
And that's probably in relation to something that you were talking to a Steve about.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, personally, I think it's at any age, but focusing on what I can show, focusing on the latest research I've done, clearly for the young and healthy, clearly a child.
It's not worth taking it and the Aussie government.
This is what's so weird that ties it nicely to the last bit.
We don't have a Trump.
We don't have a Kennedy and yet we still ended up with our government basically effectively acknowledging that for healthy children, the risks of the vaccine outweighs the benefits.
So we're not going to recommend it anymore.
And so the question you ask, I've asked of them and haven't received a response yet.
I'm thinking, well, if this is true for healthy children, is it true for healthy 20 year olds, for people in their 20s?
Because if you look at our data, our official government statistics for deaths from COVID, the deaths in people in their 20s is only slightly higher than for children.
So if you're quite confident that the risks that way, the benefits for healthy children,
And they haven't even showed us all the data for that.
And the data they did share was years old.
So it's probably even more the case now, right?
Then surely that's the case of people in their 20s.
And then is it also the case of people in their 30s?
So I'm now
reaching out to them and to various journals trying to get the word out, we need to have transparency over these risk benefit analyses.
So A, we can find out if their recommendation changes are appropriate.
I mean, this is something that people on the other side should be demanding as well, right?
People that think everybody still should be vaccinated.
Wouldn't they wanna know as well what the risk benefit analysis looks like to make sure that the Aussie government is doing the right thing in now denying the vaccines to children?
right?
And we want to know if they're doing the right thing and still recommending it for adults.
So we all need, all of us, you know, even our frenemies like Professor Morris, we all need to know that Kirsch is so, yeah, is very familiar with.
We all need to know what is their risk benefit analysis for the different age groups, for the different health groups as well.
We all need to know this.
So I'm trying to get the word out, like through the BMJ.
They had quite early on in the vaccine rollout, they had Peter Doshi have this wonderful article about we need the data, we need the raw data, we need it now.
And I'm trying to say, well, I've got a spiritual sequel to that now.
It's we need the risk benefit analysis and we need it now.
If we've got the American government suddenly saying without really explaining why that they're not going to recommend it for children anymore.
We've got the Aussie government doing the same, but actually saying, you know, the risks that way, the benefits we need to know to what extent we need to know what it looks like for the other age groups and so forth.
And I imagine they don't want to, because we're gonna have a serious problem.
We already have a problem now with liability.
Just this admission, me pointing out that they're using old data, that means that they've been giving bad recommendations for the vaccines for healthy children for the last several years, since at least 2022.
So if any children have been harmed by the jab, and they have been, then that's a huge liability issue they've been making.
The Australian government has been making inappropriate recommendations.
So I think that,
what they've done there and me pointing out, you know, that data they use is old.
I think there's a big problem there and a lot of people can use that as the basis for their legal actions.
We actually, and then if you extend that to the 20s and people in the 30s, well, that's me.
You know, I was in my 30s when I was fired.
You know, and apparently for no reason, apparently we might find out fired over a vaccine that would have done me more harm than good.
So yeah, there's a lot there.
There's a lot for us still still to do.
There's barriers to people accepting in Australia and the rest of the world.
I mean, they don't want to accept that they were wrong.
I mean, there's so many implications from that.
The everyday person.
There's fear over what's going to happen to them.
They took the jab.
Is their health going to be stuffed in a few years time?
Guilt over giving it to their children.
Guilt over how they treated people like me.
And concerns about financial implications, because you better believe I want to be suing people and getting my justice and the people like me as well.
So there's a lot of reasons why they don't want to accept it.
I think deep down, most of them have accepted it by now, but they're not really going to do anything about it.
They sort of just want to just
you know, forget about it and move on.
But yeah, people like me aren't so keen to do that.
Aren't so keen to let it just move on.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
I find the same over here.
A lot of people just don't want to talk about what happened and just ignore it and get on with it.
Angela, any final questions for Raphael before we let them get on?

[SPEAKER_01]
No, I just want to thank you, Raphael, for doing what you do.
I can only imagine how hard it is and how alone you feel and your
you know, the financial burden that this has taken on you, but it's people like you who will make an impact for our future.
Um, so if we didn't have people like you, it'd be really, really difficult on, on all of those injured.
So thank you so much for your sacrifice and, and I hope you do get justice and we will celebrate along with you when you do.

[SPEAKER_03]
Thank you very much.
Thanks for getting the word out.
And yeah, it's, it's good to have hope.
We do need a lot of hope for my case.
I know I'm going to get justice.
I'm going to get it and I'll let you know.

[SPEAKER_02]
Before you go, Raphael, can you remind us again one more time how our audience can find your work, find you and support you?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
So I mean, I don't, I don't charge for anything.
I do the research as part of my case and I share it online through okay then news.com.
Okay.
A Y then news.com.
Um, but yeah, if you do want to want to help, that would be great.
You can basically, it's a donation, sign up as a paid subscriber to my okay then use sub stack.
And that's pretty much it.
That's yeah, that's all I've got.
I'm, I'm not very,
I'm not that way inclined in many ways.
I'm not set up very professionally for that as a business and so forth.
But yeah, if you want to support me, that's, that's how you can do it.
I'm also Robert Malone noted this as well.
I have very humble goals in life.
I'm not very, I'm not very American.
I'm not very like, I want to be rich and all that.
I just want to be left alone, do the research that interests me, share it with others.
And that's it.
If I've got enough money to.
To buy me the ramen noodles or two-minute noodles to help keep me fed and have a roof over my head, I'm pretty happy.
I'm very much an old school scholar.
I just want to be able to do the research and share it with others.
And then that's it.
Very simple goals in life.

[SPEAKER_02]
You are a breath of fresh air of authenticity, Dr. Lataster.
I admire you and your work and your struggle.
I support what you've gone through or empathize with what you've gone through.
So we'll talk to you when you win that case.
Then we'll have a virtual toast and celebration with you.
Excellent.
Thank you.
I'll see you then.
Thank you for joining us.
Angela, thank you.
I'm going to finish off tonight.
Steve was in Australia last week and won an award at the Australian National Review Awards.
He was recognized for his exceptional research and tireless efforts in exposing COVID related fraud.
This award highlights the importance of fearless inquiry and standing up for truth, a fitting tribute to Steve's dedication and the mission of VSRF.
And of course you can donate to VSRF.
If you text 5, text VSRF to 53-555, you can also donate at our website at vacsafety.org backslash donate.
And, um, Angela, any final thoughts before I share Steve's acceptance speech from the ANR awards?

[SPEAKER_01]
No, I, he did a fantastic speech.
I was able to watch the whole thing and he did such a great job.
So.
He deserves that award.
And I know all of us here at VSR app as well as all of our viewers.
And, you know, we just admire him so much for the work that he does.
He's committed and he's relentless and he will not give up and he will not stop.
And so it's been fun to watch him.
It's been fun to watch him go through this debate as well as travel for these awards and spread the word.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yes, it has been, and he is tireless.
I mean, even with all the physical issues he's had to deal with, and you know, as well as anyone, he just will not stop and very proud of him.
And he gave a great presentation that you can find at, I think it's ANR.
I'll have to ask Janet to find it and put it in the chat while we play the video to find his entire presentation.
But here is his acceptance speech for winning the award as we close off.
Thank you all for joining us this evening.
Join us next week again, Dr. Sherry Tenpenny, Thursday night, 7 p.m. on Rumble and X.
Have a great rest of your evening and weekend and good night.

[SPEAKER_01]
Good night.
Best research against the COVID fraud.

[SPEAKER_07]
The winner for best research against COVID fraud goes to Steve Kirsch.

[SPEAKER_04]
So it's really an honor.
You know there's so much competition for this award and and really there's so much material that's out there that's been made available to all of us
to expose this and I know all of the nominees here and they're my friends and so I'm honored to accept on behalf of all of them because it's really all of us working together and I want to thank Jamie and the Australian National Review for putting on this event and I'm fortunate to be able to actually
get into the country.

[SPEAKER_06]
He's the only one.
The only one.
You're going to fly the flag.

[SPEAKER_04]
So there you go.
It's really pretty amazing.
It's been eye opening for me.
to see what happened and you know for me it was like I totally believed in what I was being told and then COVID came around and that was the eye-opening moment for me and for a lot of my friends when they saw what happened so
It's humbling to be able to make a difference, and there's so few of us, and that's the real tragedy, is that there should be hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of people that are speaking out, and yet people are afraid to do that.
I was fortunate to be in a position
where I didn't have to have a job and I could quit my job and I thought about I had a decision point because it was either you either give this up or we're going to have to fire you from the company that I started
And I thought for overnight, I slept on it, and I told my wife that I was quitting my job to be able to do this full time because it's the same reason really when Bobby Kennedy, I asked him if he had any regrets as to, you know, he had this marvelous career.
And he gave it all up.
He was an environmental lawyer, and then he gave it all up, and he was championing autism, that vaccines were causing autism, and he became this anti-vaxxer.
And I asked him if he had any regrets in his decision, and he said, I had no choice.
And I really felt the same way when I was confronted with this decision as to whether you continue your job and keep your job and create a livelihood for your family, or do you
you quit your job and do the right thing, and for me it was not a hard choice.
You know, you can't, once you see this, you can't turn your back on it, and I was fortunate to be in a position where I could do that, leave my job, and do this full-time, and I haven't regretted a moment.
Thank you.
