[SPEAKER_07]
It was, hey doc, there's a thing in my knee Been working underground since 83 Doctor said I got you the remedy It'll kill that pain real quick, trust me Didn't take long, half the town was on it Didn't ask questions, no

[SPEAKER_06]
We just popped them doctors getting fat from rankin' in kickbacks It all happened so fast One man's grave is another man's paycheck Our X-Men's at our expense Forget the coal mines, they had a gold mine Hooked us on six feet of side effects Like a wolf dressed in sheep's clothes The devil wore a lab coat

[SPEAKER_07]
Appalachian peptides were the perfect bullseye For the farmer reps chasing dollar signs All their billions couldn't buy a decent alibi You can say what you want, but tombstones don't lie Strong towns tore down by little pills So with a smile, don't care when it kills No coincidence, no conspiracy, it just is what it is It's our history!

[SPEAKER_06]
One man's grave is another man's paycheck Our expense at our expense Forget the coal mines, they had a gold mine Hooked us on six feet of side effects Like a wolf dressed in sheep's clothes The devil wore a lab coat The devil wore a lab coat
But they're corrupt and they don't care We tell them to go to hell
Our woman's grave is another man's paycheck Our ex-men's at our expense Forget the coal mines, they had a gold mine Hooked us on six feet of side effects Like a wolf dressed in sheep's clothes The devil wore a lab coat The devil wore a lab coat
From one man's grave, is another man's page

[SPEAKER_04]
Tonight on VSRF Live, Dr. Brian Hooker and Polly Tommy will provide their insights into the ongoing measles outbreaks origins, current spread and broader public health implications.

[SPEAKER_02]
These children were, they were getting a rash after their exposure period.
If they were having trouble breathing, if they were having some type of pneumonia or any type of breathing trouble, then Dr. Ben Edwards was there and he was giving them
Budesonide and albuterol breathing treatments.
And if he felt like they needed an antibiotic for a secondary infection, he would give them something like a Z-Pak.
And then by and large, they would recover.
They didn't have to go to the hospital.
A lot of them didn't even have to go to the doctor.

[SPEAKER_00]
it's clear that both of them were killed by medical error and so not by measles.
So for those mummies that are rushing out to get those six month babies at the MMR vaccine, please, please read and understand what these doctors have put together because they did not die from measles and the MMR is unsafe, barbaric and can potentially kill your child.

[SPEAKER_04]
Hello and welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm your host, Livio Sanchez, and as always, I'm truly grateful to be spending this Thursday evening with you all.
Tonight, we're bringing you a critical update on the ongoing measles outbreak that began earlier this spring in Texas and has now spread to several other states, including New Mexico and Oklahoma.
As of mid-May, the CDC is reporting 1,024 confirmed cases, making 2025
the second highest measles case count since the United States declared the disease eliminated in the year 2000.
While the spread appears to be slowing, public health agencies continue to sound the alarm.
But what's not being discussed in mainstream coverage are the deeper questions.
What are the real origins of this outbreak?
Who is truly at risk?
And what are the broader implications for parental rights, exemptions, and the relentless push for mandatory vaccination?
Joining us tonight are three courageous voices who have been at the forefront of this investigation.
Dr. Brian Hooker, the Chief Scientific Officer at Children's Health Defense, a bioengineer, researcher, and author.
His deep knowledge of CDC data and decades of advocacy for transparency make him an indispensable voice in tonight's discussion.
The legendary Polly Tommy will be joining us as well.
Polly is a filmmaker, advocate, and program director at CHDTV.
She has dedicated her life to amplifying the voices of vaccine-injured families through her work on Vaxx2 and Vaxx3, Authorized to Kill.
We're also joined tonight by Dr. Ben Edwards, an integrative and family medicine physician based in Lubbock, Texas.
Dr. Edwards was on the ground in Gaines County working directly with families
whose children have been impacted by the measles outbreak.
His frontline perspective and commitment to patient-centered care makes his insights especially valuable tonight.
Together, we'll unpack what's really going on with this outbreak, what the data tells us, and how you can protect your family while standing strong in your rights.
Unfortunately, Dr. Pierre-Coury had a scheduling conflict and couldn't join us this evening.
We do, however, look forward to welcoming him back in just a couple of weeks.
Now, without further ado, I'd like to bring on VSRF founder, Steve Kirsch.
Welcome to VSRF Live.
Steve, how are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_08]
Sleep deprived.

[SPEAKER_04]
Sleep deprived.
Steve, you know how important Steve is for your health?

[SPEAKER_08]
Sleep is, yes.
Now you're, it's transferred.
Yeah, I totally do.
I got this $2 million debate and I'm feeling really good.

[SPEAKER_04]
Really, really good.
I saw that you actually posted on your sub stack just a little while ago, right before we went on the air.
And I'm going to share a portion of that.
Hang on one second here.
Here it is.
Let me put that on the screen.
Can you tell us a little bit about this sub stack that you wrote today?

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, I mean, having spent the last five months of my life on this bet like every day, flat out, we created this process at the very beginning.
And it's clear now, five months into it, that if you want to resolve a scientific dispute, we can use AI.
Because what happened is that each of us wrote like hundreds of pages of documents.
to prove our case.
It's much easier to have AI read through the documents and say, you're full of shit or this is convincing, whatever.
And so using AI to actually judge this and come up with the preliminary, hey, I think your case is strong because of this, this and this.
And allowing us then to switch, try to basically switch over, right?
You turn someone from a vaxxer to an anti-vaxxer and then back again.
And so having each side pick their own chat bot, we could both pick chat GBT, for example.
And then we pick our own piece of evidence.
I'll pick the check data.
And maybe he'll pick the check data.
I don't know.
But if we use record level data, then it shouldn't all be about what the data interpretation is, not what the data is.
We shouldn't be arguing about this data source is better than this data source.
Both data sources, if the vaccine works, should show the same thing.
And so it should, and ideally, we agree on the same data source, right?
And so then it's a question of, well, what does the data show?
And there'll be people who'll look at this check data and say, oh, clearly it showed that the vaccines were working.
Look, nobody who got the vaccines was getting COVID or dying from COVID.
And I look at this data and say, this is a shit show for the vaccine.
Now, one of us is telling the truth and one of us is lying.
The chat bots are pretty good about sorting through fact from fiction, and they can sort through massive amounts of data, and they make pretty good decisions.
I'll start by referring the chat bot to, hey, here's the argument I'm going to submit.
What do you think?
And it'll say, well, you're full of shit because of this, this, this, and this.
And then I say, really?
Well, let's take them one at a time and then I'll go through each one of them and say, you know That's really not an objection because it's completely implausible that blah blah blah So the point is that you can actually argue with these chat box and you can spend the time to to do it right whereas with the judges what we're finding is they're not even reading the stuff that we give them and they're
Yeah, I mean, it's like it's hundreds of pages, right?
And it's hard to parse through and refers to papers all over the place and so forth.
And so towards the end, I said, Hey, let's simplify this.
Let's simplify the arguments have to be five pages.
And so my argument is that
My opponent's relying on modeling and I'm relying on measuring and measuring is always better than modeling because if it's a close call, what was the score of the last football game between the Cincinnati and San Francisco?
Well, you could model that based on previous scores, or you can actually go and look at the measurement, which is going to get you the right answer.
Well, if you have the measurements available, there's no reason you wouldn't go to the measurements.
So that's point number one is go to the measurements.
Number two is that, okay, fine.
If you count up the deaths of the vaccinated versus the unvaccinated, I win.
It's not even a close call.
It is so freaking obvious that
the vaccinated did worse.
I mean, it is.
And they're not acknowledging that, the judges?
Oh, the judges, my opponent is arguing, well, Your Honor, we have all these studies, hundreds of studies have shown the vaccines have saved 20 million lives worldwide.
And it has 90% efficacy in this study.
And
98% efficacy here, and so they're all arguing based on these studies.
And the point of the algorithm that I created is that it separates fact from fiction.
Basically, you dump in the data.
and you tell it, this is the date of birth, this is the date of death, this is the date of vaccination.
You dump in the data, one record for each person.
You dump it in and it says, here's your answer.
Okay, it's push button.
And the program, the algorithm has no bias.
It's not bias that says, I'm a pro-vaxxer and I'm a anti-vaxxer.
It's like giving it to a judge who always gets the right answer on the data.
And that's what makes it so powerful because the epidemiologists use models that they can gain.
It's called, you know, Cox proportional hazards model.
So let's do the adjustment and voila, look, we have a vaccine which is super safe.
And hey, we compare this with the deaths of the other, the unvaccinated.
Well, heck, oh darn, we forgot to measure whether the unvaccinated were dying at the same rate as the vaccinated before the shots.
Or during a control period when there's no COVID.
So these people do crappy studies.
They come out with
completely bogus results and gets published in the peer-reviewed journal.
And what's important about my algorithm is that you can take the check data, pour it in, it tells you, huge signal, this thing is a fricking disaster.
And yet that means that these hundreds of papers saying,
you know, 80% vaccine efficacy, these people are all inept.
Okay.
And it just shows you how inept the scientific community is.
And what's even worse is that once I go and point this out, I am attacked.
I'm the bad guy.
I don't know what statistics are.
This is a new technique.
No, it doesn't work.
You need to improve it.
This, you know, it's flawed bullshit.
it's going out of the twenty five different controls and i just did another one today and it gets off it it shows a flat line if there's nothing going on i compared twenty-year-olds with eighty-year-olds and it's a flat line there's no signal
Right.
It's only if there's a differential effect in these cohorts, like 80 year olds die, like, you know, they have multiple comorbidities.
I didn't even adjust for them.
And and it just goes and chose a flat line.
It's just incredible.
I mean, it's it's like I think it's the best thing I've ever done because it'll bring down the entire narrative.
It can be used for any intervention in any outcome.
It can show that vaccines cause autism.
It can show that vaccines cause SIDS.
It can show that MMR causes
autism, it can show that the measles vaccine prevents measles or doesn't prevent measles or prevents measles hospitalization or prevents measles death, all these questions.
can be answered just by dumping in the data and it says yes or no.
There's no scientific manipulation, no scientific hocus pocus, no here's how we did the modeling here and here's what we assumed and all this stuff.
It's just straightforward.
There's no gaming of this thing and that's what makes it powerful.
It's like a lie detector for data.

[SPEAKER_04]
Now, so what's the, what round, what's the end date here?
We're in round five.
So another full six rounds still to come.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, well, no, one more round.
I mean, but, but this should be the, you know, pretty, pretty much close to the end because my argument is we should measure it.
Here's what the result when you measure it, you count up the deaths in the vaccinated, you can't have the deaths in the unvaccinated and there are more deaths in the vaccinated.
It's really simple.
It is so
It's incredibly simple.
You can graph it, right?
I mean, it's not rocket science.
We had the higher death rate.

[SPEAKER_04]
Let's continue to hope you win, send good vibes, and hope the judges will see all the data that you're presenting.

[SPEAKER_08]
And Brian's looked at the algorithm.

[SPEAKER_04]
Great, well, we're gonna get to him.
No, he's not on yet.
He'll be on shortly, but shifting gears, I was looking at some local news, and they're reporting this measles outbreak, like this fear porn.
Let me give you an example.
I'm gonna play this video here.

[SPEAKER_10]
Officials are warning about a measles case reported inside of a large New Jersey concert venue.
New Jersey health officials say someone attended Thursday's Shakira concert at MedLife Stadium while infectious.
People may have been exposed starting around 7.30 on Thursday night to around 1 a.m. on Friday morning.
Officials are urging everyone to stay updated on their vaccinations.
If you believe you were exposed, urge to call your doctor's office.
Here are some symptoms to look out for.
Cough, high fever, red eyes, runny nose, and a rash that usually appears between three and five days after other symptoms.
That rash looks like flat red spots and usually starts around the hairline and then spreads downward.

[SPEAKER_04]
I wanna find out what is going on.
Why is that getting such national attention?
Like one person at a big concert at a stadium and it's making news.

[SPEAKER_08]
But you have 100,000 autistic kids from the vaccines and there's no press coverage.

[SPEAKER_04]
Right, none at all.
Well, let's bring on our first two distinguished guests tonight.
Dr. Brian Hooker and Polly Tommy, welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_00]
Good.
Thank you for having us.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thank you for being here.
I'm going to quickly read your bios.
Dr. Hooker, honored to have you back.
Your friend and colleague, Dr. Hooker serves as the chief scientific officer at Children's Health Defense and is professor emeritus of biology at Simpson University with a doctorate in biochemical engineering
He spent over 15 years as a lead bioengineer at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory, where he specialized in molecular and cellular systems.
A respected voice in the scientific community, Dr. Hooker has authored more than 80 peer-reviewed papers, holds five patents, and is the co-author with Robert F. Kennedy Jr. of Vaxxed vs. Unvaxed, Let the Science Speak, a compelling examination of health outcomes in vaccinated vs. unvaccinated populations.
Since 2001, Dr. Hooker has been a passionate advocate for vaccine safety and autism research, driven by his personal journey as the father of a vaccine injured son.
He is also widely recognized for his work with CDC whistleblower Dr. William Thompson, helping to expose critical data suppression on vaccine risks.
Dr. Hooker, we're grateful to have you back with us tonight.
And Polly Tommy, welcome back as well.
Polly is a tireless advocate and dear friend of this movement, director of programming for CHDTV and the mother of Billy Tommy, whose vaccine injury story was central to the groundbreaking documentary Baxed, From Cover-Up to Catastrophe.
She is a producer of Vaxxed, Vaxxed 2, The People's Truth, and Who Killed Alex Spartalakis.
And she continues that legacy with Vaxxed 3, Authorized to Kill.
Polly is also the founding editor-in-chief of the Autism File, co-founder of the Autism Media Channel,
and the founder of the Autism Trust in both the UK and the US.
For over two decades, she has been devoting her life to amplifying the voices of vaccine-injured families and warning parents of the known risks of vaccination, unflinching in the face of censorship, criticism or political pressure.
Holly, we're also honored to have you here tonight.
Wow, impressive resumes on both of you.
Now, before you start the conversation, yesterday there was a Senate hearing in DC led by Senator Ron Johnson.
And I want to play two clips from that back to back.
One is actually a Democrat showed up, Senator Blumenthal,
and he brought there were more there were there were more but you know he was like the main uh person that never showed to any of these ron johnson hearings in the past yeah now they have to go because uh senator johnson is the chair so like i guess they have to show up and also the governor from hawaii so i'm gonna set up this conversation with this conversation that happened yesterday in dc here it comes

[SPEAKER_01]
Let's be very clear that fear-mongering and rushing to conclusions without examining the evidence can lead to tremendous harm.
And this risk is not just hypothetical or rhetorical.
Misinformation about the safety of vaccines has led to a deadly outbreak of a preventable disease.
We all know it, measles.
Just 25 years ago, measles was declared eliminated in the United States.
Since then, conspiracy theories, some financially motivated, have caused vaccination rates to plummet.
Last September, the CDC warned that declining childhood vaccination could lead to a resurgence of a preventable disease like measles and rotavirus
exactly what is happening today.
As of today, more than 1,000 Americans have been diagnosed with measles this year.
In 31 states, many of them children.
So far, three have died.
These deaths were preventable.
They could have been avoided.
But for the efforts of misinformation proponents that have spread lies and created fears, there has been so much misinformation and fear
since COVID-19 emerged that during the height of the pandemic, health care workers and public health officials were often harassed and threatened.
Some of them continue to fear for their lives.

[SPEAKER_03]
Measles.
I was the doctor that was asked to go to Samoa when they had their outbreak of measles.
Why did they have their outbreak?
Because they lost faith in the vaccination program.
And it was tragic.
The Children's Health Defense went there and they scared people after tragedy.
Admittedly, it should have never happened.
I had children die in my arms who were not vaccinated but died of measles.
This beautiful boy was with me and a pediatrician.
Dr. Nadine Tensala had a terrible case of the measles and some of his relatives passed away from the disease.
But we went there and we vaccinated 37,000 individuals in 48 hours and the measles just stopped.
And I say this because this is what we have to look forward to in the future.
If we somehow fall into a place where we don't believe in vaccinations any longer and we shouldn't do it blindly, we should study them.
We should check for safety.
Absolutely.
That is essential in science, but these vaccinations save lives.
They save many lives during COVID.
In my state, they saved over 10,000 lives.
We anticipated mass casualties, which we never saw because we fought this disease with great intelligence and great acumen.
So I'm concerned.
I'm concerned that as we end up in a politicized discussion, that we will move away from science, we will not trust one another, experts, we will not trust one another, and we will end up in conflict.
So what I would say is this.
Let's work together.
Let's find a way to actually find the common ground to protect our children.
Let's find a way to make sure our public health system remains intact, not taken apart by the current approach where HHS is
jettisoning many of its people, many of the billions of dollars, perhaps many of the vaccinations.
This is our opportunity to come together, and I'm sure we'll talk more about this as the hearing goes on, but I'll say one last time.
Vaccines save lives.
I've given vaccines.
I've taken vaccines.
I've treated people that didn't get vaccines, and it's broken my heart when they've passed away.

[SPEAKER_04]
So I'm sure you have a lot to unpack there and talk about before I release you.
I want to remind our audience, if you have questions, we will have Q&A, all caps in the chat, and I'll ask as many questions as we can.
And we'll be adding on Dr. Ben Edwards shortly as after the conversation gets started.
All right, Steve, take it away.

[SPEAKER_08]
So much to raw meat.
there.
I talked to Senator Johnson earlier today.
And I asked him if he ever gets into a discussion with any of these people who are saying this shit.
And he said it's like talking to a wall, to try to reason with them or talk to them or get them to question their beliefs or look at the data.
like have you have either of you ever been able to talk to someone on the other side and say hey can we have a rational discussion
about what you just said, because like, this guy was a Josh Green, I don't know who he is.
But it's like, if the guy was honest, he would be saying, I want to see data transparency.
You know, we're told these shots are safe.
I want to see the data.
And it's disgusting.
that we're hiding all the data on the measles shot and does it prevent measles and does it actually reduce deaths or do kids who get the measles shot end up dying more than they would if they didn't get the measles shot?
And that's the question we should be answering.
It's not whether we're preventing measles, it's whether we're reducing mortality.
and nobody seems to understand that simple thing, and nobody's calling for the data, and it's horrible.
Do either of you know anyone who is advocating for the measles vaccine that is calling for data transparency?
So that we can decide, we can make the risk benefit trade-off.

[SPEAKER_02]
Absolutely not.
No, you know, one of the things that has been so dissatisfying about watching the measles and actually being in West Texas where we saw the measles outbreaks was the Texas DSHS has released very, very little information
and is actually very, very much anti-data transparency.
They will not even tell you the vaccination status of individuals.
They will not split out the unvaccinated and the unknown status.
Yes.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, I love that.

[SPEAKER_02]
Right.

[SPEAKER_08]
I love that.
They don't separate that out.
That's insane.
How is it that they can tell that you're vaccinated, but they can't tell whether you're that you're that you're unvaccinated?
Like there surely it should be.
We know these people are vaccinated.
We know these people are unvaccinated and we're not sure about this center group.

[SPEAKER_02]
Right.
And I think that you do not find what you do not want to look for.
And we heard from Boots on the Ground that individuals who were vaccinated and breaking out with the measles were being summarily ignored by the public health officials.
And so it was like, don't ask, don't tell.
When a vaccinated individual that had
the measles, and we were hearing cases over and over and over in, you know, sort of the epicenter of the outbreak of people who went out, got their kids vaccinated after the first cases of the measles, and lo and behold, those kids and adults and whomever who rushed to get the MMR were still getting the measles.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yep.
Somehow it selectively doesn't make it into the press.
And it's like what happened in the Czech Republic.
I was reading this paper that showed, well, it's only the unvaccinated who are dying of COVID.
And I said, that's really odd because the data shows that the vaccine doesn't do anything.
And so I learned something new when I read this paper.
And the paper said, oh, by the way, if you got the shot, you didn't have to get tested for COVID.
Now, think about that.
If you don't get tested for COVID, you can't be a COVID case.
And if you can't, if you're not a COVID case, you can't die from COVID.
So as soon as you get vaccinated in the Czech Republic, they change the rules later, but as soon as you are vaccinated, you can't die from COVID because you can't get COVID, because you don't have to test.
There's mandatory testing if you're unvaccinated twice a week and all of the employers were required twice a week to test the unvaccinated for COVID.
So what happens?
You get COVID cases, you get COVID deaths.
But it looks like the vaccine is the greatest thing ever because people don't die from COVID because they can't get COVID.
It's that sort of thing.
I mean, they just game the numbers.
It's so bad.

[SPEAKER_02]
Absolutely.
And, you know, looking at the numbers from Senator Blumenthal, the deaths, the three deaths that they talked about, really, two of them we know were due to hospital error.
They were due to medical error.
And we were able to go through the records for two young Mennonite girls who passed away in two different hospitals in Lubbock, Texas.
And we saw that.
directly.
And at this point, I want to see if we could bring in Dr. Edwards.
Dr. Edwards is an integrated physician in Lubbock, Texas, and was also integrally involved in reviewing those records.
And so it's just, so do we know about the third death?
The third death was somebody who passed away at home, an adult that they were, they will not release the age or the sex of the adult.
And when they were tested, they tested PCR positive for measles.
And so that's all we really know is that this particular person did not get medical care.
And when they had a PCR test as a part of the autopsy, then it showed a positive for measles virus.
So we don't know if they ended up having a rash, and that's why they did it.
But they happened to be in Hobbs, New Mexico, which is about 15 miles away from Gaines County, Texas.
where the measles outbreak was.
And so it could have been that they were routinely checking, you know, individuals with our TPCR tests for the measles.

[SPEAKER_04]
I want to quickly introduce Dr. Ben Edwards.
Welcome to VSRF live.
How are you this evening, sir?
And oh, you're muted.
There we go.

[SPEAKER_05]
Sorry about that.
Thank you for having me.
Pleasure to be here.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thank you for joining us.
I'm going to read your bio before I jump back off.
Dr. Ben Edwards is a board certified family physician and a leading voice in integrative medicine.
He completed his undergraduate studies at Baylor University and earned his medical degree from University of Texas Houston in 2002.
In 2005, Dr. Edwards served as chief resident during his family medicine residency.
at the McLennan County Medical Education and Research Foundation, also known as Waco Family Practice.
From 2005 to 2012, Dr. Edwards was the sole practicing physician at the Garza County Health Clinic in rural West Texas.
His experiences in conventional medicine led him to explore deeper root causes of illness and embrace a whole-person approach to care.
In 2012, he founded Veritas Medical, an integrative medical clinic committed to restoring health through foundational lifestyle interventions.
He also serves as founder and CEO of Veritas Wellness, an education platform dedicated to empowering individuals with the truth about healing and health.
Dr. Edwards is based in Lubbock, Texas, and remains deeply involved with the local community, most recently supporting families in Gaines County during the ongoing measles outbreak.
Thank you again for joining us, Dr. Edwards.

[SPEAKER_05]
You're welcome.
Thank you for having me.

[SPEAKER_08]
So we saw that testimony in the Senate from that doctor.
How do you react to that when you see something like that?

[SPEAKER_05]
You know, I've got sympathy for him and all my colleagues because I used to be there.
I know what medical school taught us about vaccines.
And it was basically, here's the schedule.
memorize it for the test and then implement it in your clinic.
And that's not an exaggeration.
That is what the teaching was.
So I understand where these guys are coming from.
We are under a deep, deep programming and the safe and effective narrative.
But so I'm almost
assured that he has not read Dr. Sudan Humphrey's book.
I'm quite sure he just hasn't been exposed to the data and the truth.

[SPEAKER_08]
And then once he hasn't read this book.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yes, exactly.
Which is even better.

[SPEAKER_08]
Chapter two.

[SPEAKER_05]
Vera Schreibner found years ago on the SIDS related, you know, breathing
You know, a diminishment of a gag reflex and breathing, disordered breathing within a window of vaccination.
So that goes to the SIDS conversation, but I'm sure you haven't seen the data on that either.
So it's simply a lack of knowledge, lack of exposure.
And then when you're in a place of authority, you've got other factors involved in your inability to see or go seek out the data, I would say.
And I'm learning more and more about the politics of medicine.
And, you know, these guys that are in these places, these institutions, and there's forces at play that kind of unfortunately, I think, keep you blind to what's very obvious and very available to go.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.
So how many physicians of your colleagues have you been able to red pill?

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, not many, but through COVID, I will say, and even through the measles, I mean, I will have, and it's usually nurse practitioners and physician assistants and nurses, and occasionally it'll be a physician.
But, you know, it can be three or four a month, which that's something, but we need 300 a month.

[SPEAKER_08]
In a hundred years, this will all be over.

[SPEAKER_05]
It's difficult.
You've got your reputation to consider.
You've got your paycheck to consider.
You've got your colleagues and what they think about you.
If you're in an academic position or any government-authoritative position, it's a tough spot.
We need more independent physicians.
I mean, that's the bottom line.
And we saw that clearly during COVID.
If you weren't independent, you were muzzled, you had to follow certain protocols, and the independent doctors had a very high success rate, you know, in the tune of 99 to 100% success rate, keeping patients alive.

[SPEAKER_08]
Right, but unfortunately, they also had a clear and almost 100% success rate in being ostracized and having their credentials taken away.
Like, nobody's escaped that, right?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, it's pretty pervasive, but the people see and that's what I focus on.
The people see the truth and more and more seeing the truth.
The number one chief complaint that we have now that comes in through our clinic for these medical patients wanting us to be their physician, the number one chief complaint now, I don't trust my doctor.
And prior to COVID,
our chief complaint were all kinds of random chronic disease complaints.
And now it's, it's a healthcare system complaint.
My doctor's untrustworthy.
So it's a real disaster, but the people are seeing the truth more and more thanks to shows like this and children's health defense and many others.
So the truth will win.
Absolutely.
100%.

[SPEAKER_08]
Polly, you've been pretty quiet.
Well, I just kind of want to go back to Josh Green, whoever that is.
He's the governor of Hawaii, believe it or not.
He was responsible for the lockdowns in Hawaii.
So he's like, he's totally on the program.
You know, he's executing the programming perfectly that he was programmed to do, you know, believes that the vaccines are safe and safe.

[SPEAKER_00]
many many lives and you know there's it's like impossible to reach these people they're so they're so deep down in well he sounds like a pharmaceutical sales rep really i mean most people look at him and say whatever and then we're watching ron johnson's hearing and we're thrilled that this is happening and then this big sign goes behind saying three measles deaths no
Absolutely not.
We've had the best of the best people looking at these medical records.
Those two girls categorically did not die of measles.
If I was Ron Johnson, I would have taken a big marker and put it out.

[SPEAKER_08]
That would be so much.
That would make for great TV.
It would even be more fun if he brought in a competing sign, you know, and then put it in front.
Zero measles deaths.
They were pneumonia deaths.

[SPEAKER_00]
We have recorded so many stories of babies and toddlers that die following that shot.
Why are their lives not important?
All it is is the MMR is safe and effective.
No, it is not.
It is killing.
Now six months and above babies and toddlers gone because of the MMR and brain injury from life.
I can't understand how we can't break through the misinformation from the other side.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, so it's the answer to that is very simple.
Just like when I talked to Ron Johnson and I said, hey, what's it like to talk to, in this case, Senator Blumenthal?
And I said, is it more productive to be, would you rather be talking to a wall because that would be more intellectually satisfying and productive?
And he said he would pick the wall.
That is what we're dealing with here.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, and I'll say from a physician standpoint, just your regular family practice primary care and the pediatricians for sure.
There's assumptions made that everyone in the healthcare industry and the government agencies are honest and have integrity and therefore, you know, we abdicate.
our responsibility to dive into the data ourselves.
The CDC is doing that.
The FDA is doing that.
And they haven't said anything.
So therefore, it's fine.
And they're too busy.
I mean, I had seven minutes to see a patient.
I saw 50 patients a day.
Doctors don't have time.
They're not trained.
They're definitely not given this information in medical school.
They don't know how to go find the data.
And they trust the authorities are looking at the data and would send an email if it were true.
So they just cannot believe
that the CDC wouldn't be announcing this.
If all cause mortality were higher vaccinated than unvaccinated, if all morbidity and, you know, they would, that's the assumption.
It's a deadly assumption.
Once the doctors do look at the data, like I did, it's easy to come to the conclusion.

[SPEAKER_08]
What was your red pill moment?

[SPEAKER_05]
It was my third anecdotal, you know, we're trained in medical school.
Anecdotal, that's the lowest, that on the evidence-based pyramid, that's the very lowest.
Yeah, yeah.

[SPEAKER_08]
It should be the reverse, shouldn't it?
Yes, exactly.
Because the anecdotes can't be gamed.

[SPEAKER_05]
So for me, it was the third anecdotal mother.
The first mother, ah, coincidence.
Second mother tells me the story, ah, coincidence.
But by the third one,
I'm a little slow to learn, but the third one, maybe there's something to this.

[SPEAKER_08]
What do you think about the McDowell triplets who all got autism within hours of each other?
Exactly.

[SPEAKER_05]
There's so many stories like that.
And once you see it, you can't unsee it.
And then you actually go look for the data, which I mean, who knows with Google now, it's hard to find, but like CHD, it's a great resource.
And some other places, obviously Dr. Helmfree's book I like.
But yeah, doctors just don't, they make assumptions that the authorities are looking into all this and being honest about it.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, totally.
Yeah, and then you can't reach them because they think you're a crackpot and misanalyze the data.
Yeah.
Or that you're- And no one will let you roll in ostracized.

[SPEAKER_05]
I mean, human nature, we want to be part of the pack.
We want our peers to like us.
And that word anti-vax is for a doctor.

[SPEAKER_08]
Maybe I should give up this anti-vax stuff and just go with the flow here and everybody will like me again.

[UNKNOWN]
Yeah, right.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_02]
We wouldn't let them have you, Steve.
Sorry.

[SPEAKER_08]
Oh, man.
You know, you really can't go back.
You can't go back.
That's the, you know, that's the one thing.
This is a one-way street.
But there have been, I know of one person who went from Provax to Antivax and then back to Provax again.
Have you ever heard of that?

[SPEAKER_00]
Never.

[SPEAKER_08]
I can't remember the person's name, unfortunately.

[SPEAKER_00]
I almost don't believe it.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.
But I think there was one person.

[SPEAKER_02]
It almost wouldn't be like a financial incentive.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Exactly.
exactly but you know just the fact that it's a one-way street right how many anti-vaxxers how many anti-vaxxers who started off anti-vaxxers go over and say oh shit i was wrong i'm gonna roll up my sleeve here you know shoot me up catch me up how many how many of those people can you name

[SPEAKER_00]
Personally, zero.
Everyone I know with anti-vaccine children or children that are not vaccinated have beautiful, healthy children.
Yes, they get sick.
Yes, they get measles.
Yes, they get certain things.
But these kids are bright and healthy.
So I don't know anybody.
And I've interviewed thousands of people.
I don't know anybody that regrets not vaccinating their child.

[SPEAKER_08]
And yet it is so hard to convince these new parents, you know, like your kids or your friends' kids or your relatives' kids.
And, you know, they have a child and, hey, the first thing out, you know, baby pops out, let's give them the vitamin K shot and the
uh what is it hep hep a happy yes they scare them they scare them they tell them if you don't get the vitamin k your baby's brain will bleed out by the time you get to the car we've heard all these things over and over again and they're afraid how did we ever make it you know without without the shots it's so unbelievable we made it this far without the shots

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
And once you start to even take a cursory dive into the evidence on hyper vaccination, what it does to the immune system, we've got this chronic inflammatory based chronic disease epidemic in kids.
What's causing inflammation is a disrupted imbalanced immune system.
Why are we so dominant for antibody production?
That's what auto immunity is too many antibodies being produced.
Well, we start asking the immune system to shift that way on day of life one.
with that hepatitis and then we just keep going.
So we're getting what we asked for, a very imbalanced immune system response with this chronic disease epidemic resulting.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, so when do you guys think this will end?
Like the McDowell triplets, right?
When you saw that, I talked to Del Bigtree.
I had lunch with Del Bigtree recently.
And Del was saying that, you know, of all of the pieces of evidence that's most convincing, it's the McDowell triplets.
Because when people see that, they say, wow, so vaccines really do cause autism.
Like, when is this going to end?
I mean, they've been playing this game.
And Brian, you know, you and I both know Bill Thompson, and I was just talking to Bill today, in fact.
there's this there's this clip floating around on I don't know what's I forget which one which one was on but it was it's a clip of it's a short clip I think that Brian you're in it you're talking about and you're talking about Thompson 10 Thompson is saying you're you're Brian you're actually saying that Thompson was ordered by the CDC
to destroy.
So did Thompson actually tell you that Colleen Boyle ordered him to destroy all the documents linking vaccines and autism?

[SPEAKER_02]
Or did he kind of dance around that he danced around that he told me that they were ordered to destroy that information, but he would never say which co author on that paper so that narrows it down to four other people people there were five authors on the de Stefano paper.
And so you pick the most senior member of that particular team.
It was Dr. Colleen Boyle, head of the National Center for Birth Defects and Developmental Disabilities.
And so really, you know, by process of elimination, it was Colleen Boyle and asked to to not ask, but ordered to destroy federal records.
Which is so, you know, against the law illegal, right?

[SPEAKER_08]
How does she sleep at night?
Like, why does she do that?
Does she do you think it's because there's some sort of kickback or payment or do you think it's because she honestly feels like these vaccines?
are so awesome that she doesn't want to make them look bad because they save so many lives.
And it'd be a shame if we scared people, right?
Because that's the excuse that I hear from a lot of people that, you know, hey, if I report this death or what have you to make the vaccines look bad, and that's going to cause enormous harm because then people will stop getting the vaccine and stop getting the benefits.
I would say I see that I hear that all the time.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, yeah, just to jump in, you know, I've interacted with a lot of CDC officials over, you know, over the, you know, 20 some odd years that I've been doing this.
And really, you know, it's almost like the Stepford Wives.
I mean, there's such a culture of, you know, like, oh, if if if I shine this light in your face, then you will say the mantra vaccines are safe and effective.
And the rest of their existence is just sort of on autopilot.
And I found that very characteristic of Colleen Boyle when I had the opportunity to talk to her.
And so I don't know if she got money.
I don't know if she got kickbacks.
I know they offered Thompson retention bonuses so he wouldn't go out and tell the world what was going on in the CDC.
So I don't know what monetary advantage Colleen Boyle might have had.
But it was uncanny this sort of lockstep, you know, cult like fervor for vaccinations over and against good science over and against any type of scruples.

[SPEAKER_08]
So none of these people like read your book.
Chapter two in your book has the 10 papers published in the peer-reviewed literature.
One of them was revoked, not revoked, retracted.
And so that leaves nine papers in the peer-reviewed literature.
And that's comparing the extremes, the totally unvaxxed and totally vaxxed.
And the rest of the book has about, what, 108 studies
um showing that the unvaccinated are are better off and and i talked to bobby about the book and and he said don't read the book do you know why he said that it's pretty funny he said he said that i shouldn't read the book do you know why no no i i you know i i agonized over him changing my writing style so we could write the book together but go ahead he said just look at the pictures
He said, flip through it.
All you have to do is look at the pictures.
He said, you will know.
You take any page in that book and you flip through it.
And I should show people that I'll jump to a random page.
This is like the magician's trick, but this is true.

[SPEAKER_09]
I'm going to pick a random page here.

[SPEAKER_08]
And so I picked the wrong page.
Right, right.
Got a title page.
All right, we'll try it again.
Let's try the trick again.
OK, so I got another title page.
I'm really, you know, I'm not sure how.
OK, so here you go.
But the charts typically, I'll show you what they typically, this is what the typical page looks like in this book.
So, sorry.
so that people can see it.
So there he said you know flip through it and you'll see you'll find page after page like this comparing the vaccinated and the unvaccinated and it's so obvious
You don't have to read the book.
You just thumb through it, right?
And so that's that's what he told me.
So that's that's what I did.

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, we're travels fast, you know, one of the things that Polly and I saw while we were down there was that we were not only interviewing the family of the first girl who passed away in the hospital due to hospital error, not due to measles.
but we also interviewed nine different Mennonite families within that very very tight-knit community where their kids were specifically injured by the MMR vaccine and so the Mennonites they don't you know there is no religious restriction for vaccination
But word of these vaccine injuries traveled like wildfire in this very tight-knit community.
And many of the parents that we talked to said, no, we're not going to vaccinate.
We saw what happened to our neighbors.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, absolutely.
And Polly, of course, has seen so many stories of vaccine injuries.
How many interviews have you done, Polly?

[SPEAKER_00]
Oh, actually, I mean, thousands.
I don't even actually know I've done so many, but I mean, not just in America as well, England, Ireland, Scotland, Wales, Australia, where I was ceremoniously thrown out for three years.
And New Zealand...
Throwing out of Australia?
Yeah, they banned me for three years.
Are you serious?
They banned you from the country?
For what?
For being a danger to the good order of Australia.
Yeah, and what I was doing with recording, they're crazy over there.
But actually, to be fair to Australia, the people rose up and fought back.
So that's another long story.
Brian would have got thrown out, but he escaped earlier than I did.
So he didn't actually get banned.
But I don't think you're welcome back.
But Steve, you keep saying, you know, what's it going to take?
It's going to take the people.
And when collectively we educate, we've got to educate those young mums, we're so censored, all of us are so censored that we can't get to them right now.
But there will be a way of doing that.
Once we collectively say no, you know what, this is my child, I'm in charge of my child, not a politician, not a doctor, none of these people.
Once we do that collectively, it's over, it's game over.

[SPEAKER_08]
because they can't when we do that at the moment.
That is actually easier than convincing doctors to speak out, right?
Because any doctor is afraid that if he's the first one, they'll shoot him.
If he's the second one, they'll shoot him, right?
But parents, there's nobody to shoot you.
You can't get fired from your job as a parent.
Child protective services may come in and take your kids away.

[SPEAKER_00]
Just another thing to also add to this conversation, and I don't know the update on this, so Ben and Brian, do we even know the strain of measles yet?
Have we even found out the strain of measles in the Mennonite community?

[SPEAKER_02]
The Texas DSHS has been completely silent.
on what the prevailing strain is.
I've heard that there have been some reports that it's D8, which is a strain that is from Europe.
But we've also heard some other reports that are a little more suspicious regarding strains like A, that is the vaccinia strain for the measles.
And some in any one of the things that we heard very quietly, when we talked to more people on the ground, was that some of these reports were, you know, percolating through the public health departments in Texas, but none of it was making it to the federal DHHS.
None of it was making it to Bobby Kennedy's desk.
Only D eight.

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, any comments, Ben?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, I haven't heard a thing, but I'm not in much communication with those guys.
Focus on the patients.

[SPEAKER_08]
Where are you based?

[SPEAKER_05]
Love it.
About 90 miles north of Gaines County.

[SPEAKER_08]
And so how did you get on these cases?
Did CHD call you in and say, Hey, we need someone to come down and check this out.

[SPEAKER_05]
No, a patient of mine who lives in that county asked me if I could come down and really consult, not only consult a family, but the mother was worried about the siblings of the little girl who passed away.
And so she asked me if I could come down and evaluate the siblings because the mother and the father were very, very hesitant to go back to the hospital.
So that's how I got involved, was to go down and see those kids.
And then from that point, and it was actually at the church, at the viewing of the little girl the day before the funeral.
So all these Mennonite families were coming in to pay their respects.
And it was, I mean, each family has so many kids and they were all coughing and rash.
So then it went to, hey, can you see this kid and this kid and 200 plus kids later.

[SPEAKER_08]
Have the parents caught on about the shots?
More shots?
Oh yeah, for sure.
So nobody's being fooled by the media.

[SPEAKER_05]
Not in this group.
I can't speak for the entire community, but this group that I interacted with, and I learned there are kind of 12 different sex, sub-sex in this midnight community against counting.
So there's more conservative and a little more liberal version.
But in the group that I was visiting with and helping take care of, I started to ask the parents, were you vaccinated as a child?
And for the most part, almost all were.
And then, of course, I asked, are your kids?
No, they're not.
Why not?
As Polly indicated, in that community, I've heard 12.
And they interviewed nine, but 12 vaccine-injured.
So no, these parents understood the risk versus benefit.

[SPEAKER_08]
Or at least thought they did.

[SPEAKER_02]
Right.
And I have to jump in here really quick because guess what?
Ben got the measles.
Dr. Ben got the measles.

[SPEAKER_08]
Are you vaccinated for the measles?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_08]
Oh, well, you know, you can't get the measles if you're vaccinated.
Right.
So he had the vaccine.
He had the measles.
It'll be just our secret then.
Right.
Well, it's not down there and he got measles.
So he got the vaccine and he got measles.
What do you think?
Do you think the measles vaccine prevents 50 percent cases, 60 percent?
So what do you think percentages?

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, that's hard to say.
And a lot of it's based off time.
I mean, my vaccines were when I was a child.
And now 50.
So, and I've read the data, it's about, I think, if I recall right about 50% of adults.
from the MMR, as opposed to you got measles naturally, then there's lifetime immunity.
So, you know, that's a hard question to answer.
But I did see a number of vaccinated adults, not a number, but a handful.
And one actually required hospitalization, a vaccine adult who acquired measles and was in the hospital.

[SPEAKER_08]
And yet we don't see any stories at all about that happening.

[SPEAKER_05]
Right.

[SPEAKER_08]
Chad, what do you think is controlling this?
Do you think that just because the drug companies spend a lot on advertising, it's so pervasive.
I think it has to be more than just money.
It has to be that we're not going to cover this because this would cause vaccine hesitancy, right?
Yep.

[SPEAKER_05]
I mean, when there's a lack of understanding of the immune system, you can build resiliency
And, you know, not even having a thought of, you know, if I survive measles, what does that do for me?
What does that mean for my long-term health?
If I survive the MMR, what does that mean for my long-term health and my immune system?
Those kinds of questions, the all-cause mortality question, those questions just aren't even asked.
Or if you ask that, then you're an anti-vaxxer.
You're causing the vaccine hesitancy just to ask a question.
And I forget the study when it came out.
Brian probably knows the DPT.
in Africa.
And when they looked at it, all cause mortality was significantly higher in the vaccinated versus unvaccinated and times for the density 10 times.
Yeah.
Dying from other causes.
And, and that's what the testifying, uh, I guess the governor of Hawaii and the Senator obviously haven't looked at, or don't talk about, or hadn't thought of.
is pretty basic to think about all-cause outcomes.
So we should always be looking at.
Yeah, but they never do.
Sid's death clustering, within three days to one week, depending on the study you look at, that right there is red flag timeout.
We have the highest infant mortality rate in the world, and now we have six studies that show a clustering
There's no defense for not investigating that thoroughly.

[SPEAKER_08]
So Polly has actually done the investigation thoroughly for Sid's cases after a vaccine.
Do you want to tell the audience what you told me?
I'm not entirely sure what I told you, but yeah, I think you said it was like three, you've heard 3000 cases or something like that.
And all of them within a week.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.
We have so many cases of the SIDS.
It is unbelievable.
The first time we heard a SIDS baby, when we went out on the bus in 2016, the first time we heard a SIDS baby, we were horrified on the bus.
None of us had any idea that a baby could die following the vaccine.
never heard of it before and the minute that first story was done they came forward in their droves to tell us the story and it was so many and it was either straight after the vaccine it was either within 24 48 hours but these babies were dying and then the police get involved and that's the worst part about it your baby dies and you are then a criminal homicide totally

[SPEAKER_08]
We see it over that pattern over and over and over again.
How long do the parents, are they basically considered to be suspects after the baby dies?
What's the...

[SPEAKER_00]
They can go on for weeks and they're told to leave their home.
They go through all their other children's clothes and toys.
Everybody's out.
And at the same time, they're trying to get through the shock of the fact that their baby has just died and now they're being accused of potentially killing their baby.
And people have been put in prison for this.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, for sure.
I mean, we know of parents who had twins, and they got their vaccine shots.
And they were very concerned about that because they have a reaction to the flu vaccine in the family.
And so they asked, hey, is it safe?
And the doctor assured them it was safe.
So they get vaccinated.
And in this case, it's several days and they die at the same time.
The police are certain
that it had to be the parents killing the kids.
Because how can you have two deaths?
It couldn't have been an accident.
It has to be deliberate.
Two deaths at the same time, the parents are, you know, like maybe having marital problems or financial problems.
They killed their kids to reduce expenses, whatever.
They got tired of crying in the night.
And they killed both their kids.
And that's what the operating assumption was.
And so they were considered suspects.
They had to give up their cell phones and so forth.
And of course, and I contacted them at the very beginning and I said, you know, there's at least one paper and I said, and then I found more in the peer reviewed literature about twins and I think maybe it was even triplets, you know, dying right after a vaccine shot.
So it's out there, but yet these parents are essentially victims of the system.
They're considered suspects.
They're like, how can two kids possibly die on the same day?
if it wasn't foul play.
And that's the way they look at it.

[SPEAKER_00]
With that story, we know those babies were born prematurely.
They were sick together.
They were vaccinated together.
They went to hospital the following day together with sickness.
And then they died together.
So everything's OK until they die together.
It makes total sense to me.
In my mind, they killed those babies.
And they've killed many.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.
And yet, when the police are done investigating, what will happen is,
Cause of death was accidental.
Thank you very much.
You will not say that the vaccines killed these people.
Have you ever heard of any of these cases where the police or the autopsy lists cause of death, vaccine induced, whatever?
Does that ever happen?

[SPEAKER_02]
No, they do not put that on death certificates.
I mean, you know, looking at, you know, babies, children who have passed away from a vaccine injury is one of the most infuriating things, because if they are vaccinated,
And if there's a temporal association with a vaccine, it will not be anywhere in the record.
However, if they're unvaccinated, and then they die, as in the case of these two little girls who died with the measles in hospitals in love with Texas, then unvaccinated was everywhere it could possibly be on that chart.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, you know what, also, you know what worries me?
I don't know whether you feel the same way, Brian and Ben,
But we're seeing in the paper everywhere or the media that there's more measles breaking out in all these different states.
And what concerns me is what happens, we don't have a Ben Edwards there, what happens when those parents take their children to hospital, we should know what happens to Daisy and Kayleigh.
So I just feel like we could potentially in the future be seeing more measles hospital protocol deaths, just like we did with the COVID.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, for sure.
I think there's no question that that's going to happen.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, and I've had some physicians around the country reach out to ask about kind of a protocol treatment protocol.
I'm hoping we'll see some sort of directive from CDC, possibly HHS even.
Here's a way to treat.
I mean, there's prevention, there's treatment, and then obviously there's hesitancy.
Hesitancy on the part of doctors to treat, hesitancy on patients for prevention.
And the whole conversation hasn't been fully had, but I'm hopeful that maybe some treatment protocols can be published.

[SPEAKER_00]
But do you agree, though, that it's actually quite dangerous to take your child to hospital at the moment?
I mean, we're hearing it over and over again.
We're hearing it with the births.
We're hearing it with children being admitted with pneumonia and then the measles as well.
It's becoming a place where parents are afraid to take their children, quite rightly.

[SPEAKER_05]
Absolutely.
It is 100% here for sure.
A huge problem.
All the time I hear this from parents.
And to the point, I contacted some health authorities in the state government.
with my concern that these parents are keeping their kids at home.
They're fearful to utilize the healthcare facilities.
We need to address the reason why, which would include some confession and ask for forgiveness on some points.
But it's like nobody is going to admit when they're wrong or made a mistake.
The only way out of this thing is that we just level up and say, I'm sorry.
We messed up, please forgive me.
We're gonna do better.
We're gonna take care of you the best we can.
You're the boss.
People have forgotten the patient is the boss.
The patient pays the doctor.
The patient has hired the doctor, but we've completely forgotten the definition of evidence-based medicine.
The best published data plus clinical experience plus patient values.
And those two things, the clinical experience patient values are out the window in most hospitals.
It's just protocol, protocol, protocol handed down from an institution somewhere.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, I'm gonna hand it over to Livio, because I gotta go.
But chlorine dioxide.
Do any of you have any experience with chlorine dioxide in measles?

[SPEAKER_05]
Not in measles, I don't.

[SPEAKER_08]
And are you able to even give it a try?
Or will you lose your license if you were to hint, oh, hey, maybe you should watch this video?

[SPEAKER_05]
Um, we can educate folks.

[SPEAKER_08]
It'd be really interesting to educate some folks and see what happened.
You know, that's what I'm thinking.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yes, it would.
And there's so many, so many.
And that's the thing that no one's talked about treatment.
I mean, from IV vitamin C, photobiomodulation, ozone, chlorine dioxide, so many other things that could be explored to see how effective they are.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, exactly.
And RFK is aware of chlorine dioxide, I know, because Pierre Corrie turned him on to it.

[SPEAKER_05]
Great data on chlorine dioxide and COVID.
And Dr. Andreas Kalker, Bolivia used it.
Lots of countries in South America used it during COVID.
So the data's out there.
It's very interesting.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, it's super interesting.
I mean, I had always dismissed it as something, you know, fringe.
And it wasn't until Pierre Corrie said, hey, you know, you're thinking of using this, use this instead, it's going to be safer and more effective.
And I said, what?
What?
Because I had heard about this.
But I think it's when you hear about it from somebody you trust that makes a difference.
So even to us, right?
And Pierre had the same thing.
He ignored chlorine dioxide.
as well for the same reason and so he created this corey scale and the corey scale gives you points like for every person that is killed who is advocating for this intervention you get 100 points and you know if the FDA doesn't like it you get like 40 points and if you know so he's got this whole scale and he said that chlorine dioxide was infinity on the corey scale

[UNKNOWN]
Wow.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, I would concur with that.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, so definitely something people should look into.
I have an article about it on my Substack in the premium section about how to make it, how to use it.
It's like, it takes me about 15 seconds to make it at home, and it costs me six cents every time I make it.
And I make 100 milliliters at a time, which lasts me a very long time.
So it's super cost effective, and it's really, really simple to use and highly effective.
People can check that out on my sub stack.
All right, Livia over to you.
I'm gonna Steve.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thank you for hanging in there on your sleepless afternoon and get some rest my friend.
I've got a bunch of questions.
So I'm going to just jump into some questions and then I'll insert some of my own.
Let me get Steve out there.
He's gone now.
Okay.
I'm going to start off with a few questions here.
First one is from Putin and I'm not sure who can answer this.
Is the current MMR with mRNA in it or does it have mRNA in it?
Do we know?

[SPEAKER_02]
The current MMR vaccine is a live virus vaccine.
So as a part of a live virus vaccine, there is RNA, you know, measles itself is an RNA virus.
And so, yeah, there's RNA particles in it.
It is not like the COVID vaccine, which has modified messenger RNA that's modified to become much more stable against human mechanisms that would break down foreign DNA and foreign nucleic acids.
But yeah, there's RNA in it.
But I think that you need to distinguish that.
Also, you would find human fetal DNA as exogenous from the MMR vaccine because it's made with cell cultures that are derived from human fetuses.

[SPEAKER_04]
Great, thank you for that.
Question for Dr. Edwards, and I know Steve alluded to, if you know anyone, any doctors that had been red-pilled or if you've been able to, but this question is, are doctors getting the message that the CDC is not trustworthy or doctors that you may know?

[SPEAKER_05]
More and more are, yes, but it's still not the majority.
I mean, it's a huge problem.
There's such a cognitive dissonance.
It starts to develop.
If you can start to look into this, you just come up against this mindset of how could this be?
And like so many things in the world when corruption is being exposed and people you trusted or institutions you trusted, it's just a very difficult mental thing to overcome.
But yeah, it's more and more, but we need a lot more.

[SPEAKER_04]
Quite a bit.
Question for Polly from GreenT369.
How many babies died of SIDS in the same time they claim three measles deaths?

[SPEAKER_00]
How many babies died of SIDS in the same time that they claim the three measles deaths?
That's a great question.
I mean, I don't know how many babies died of SIDS, but we know that it's happening every day, Brian.
I mean, we're just getting them nonstop.

[SPEAKER_02]
Absolutely.
We're hearing stories of SIDS where there's a very, very obvious vaccine connection of multiple vaccines given the case that was, what was it in New York, Rochester, New York and Pennsylvania.
The little baby was six months old.
I think what got something like seven or eight vaccines in that visit and then passed away.
Although, and then that wasn't really a SIDS death, that was an infant death.
But, you know, we hear that over and over and over again.
And, you know, we're connected to these SIDS deaths.
But I have to wonder how many are going on that we're not notified about.

[SPEAKER_00]
Well, exactly.
I mean, the SIDS deaths happening the whole time, but most of these parents have no idea because that's not the vaccines.
It's because you co-slept or it's because, oh, you had a blanket in the crib.
That's what it was.
You killed your baby.
So this is what we're hearing the whole time.
So these people have no idea the vaccines killed their children.
I would like to know how many unvaccinated children die of SIDS.

[SPEAKER_04]
That would be a great question.

[SPEAKER_05]
I believe it was Dr. Paul Thomas told me, and I'd have to go back to recall exactly the number, but I think roughly 20,000 infant deaths.
within the first year of life.
And some of those will be from congenital malformations or some other reason.
I think he said about maybe 20% were from congenital, so the rest were just some unknown cause.
And so presuming that most of those were SIDS.
So if that's the case, that's about 18,000 a year SIDS.
So if you divide that per month, whatever that is, 1,200 or something.
So if a window of three measles death in a month,
1200 SIDS deaths, something like that, is probably pretty close to where we're at.

[SPEAKER_00]
And don't forget the vitamin K as well.
So I interviewed many parents that had unvaccinated children and then we found out that they did still have the vitamin K and we know how dangerous that is on its own.
It's not a vaccine, I know, but it's still something that can cause death.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yep.
And they give that right away, right?
Right at birth, pretty much.

[SPEAKER_00]
As they can.

[SPEAKER_04]
Okay.
Next question from TLC Dragonfly, and this is probably for Brian and Polly.
What is the real story of what happened in Samoa with the measles?

[SPEAKER_02]
I'll let Brian answer that.
Okay.
Well, what happened had nothing to do with a visit by Robert F. Kennedy Jr. or Children's Health Defense.
When Bobby went over, it was actually a different mission.
I think he did maybe comment regarding the measles briefly.
in that particular mission.
But what happened that drove down the vaccination rates in Samoa was the fact that two children died from the MMR vaccine in the same clinic.
Actually, I think it was more than two children died, you know, same day, same clinic.
same nurse because when they formulated the vaccine, they formulated it with an anesthetic instead of water.
And so they had a very, very powerful anesthesia drug that they were administering along with the MMR vaccine instead of saline.
So these patients died, were traveled very, very fast.
The vaccination rates dropped in Samoa.
But then these so-called 87 deaths that were associated with the measles in Samoa, there were other compelling confounding factors.
American Samoa, and in Samoa in general, is not the same as the United States.
And so, you know, when you look at nutritional conditions on the ground, you know, when you look at other types of confounding factors, and you also look at the suspicion of, you know, medical providers as well that happened over that whole MMR incident.
then it had very, very little to do with the low vaccine uptake, the low MMR vaccine uptake in Samoa.
And in fact, one of the things that did happen that complicated it is as soon as these measles deaths were being touted,
In Samoa, there was a very, very large rush for children that had the measles to go and get the MMR vaccine, which is absolutely preposterous.
It's the last thing that you would want to do.
It does not cure the measles.
It does not treat the measles.
there's very little evidence that it is even prophylaxis.
After, you know, exposure, somebody has the measles.
But yet these, you know, as soon as the measles came back, then there was a huge rush to get these patients that had the measles, the MMR vaccine.
And so there's all these complications that, of course, Governor Green just basically lied about.
Right.

[SPEAKER_04]
Interestingly enough, you mentioned diet.
I was in a conversation this past weekend with a friend of a friend who somehow was an expert on American Samoa.
And I asked him about what they eat.
Do they grow all their food on the island?
And it's like, oh, actually, no, it's all brought in.
They eat all this processed food.
They eat like McDonald's.
And so there's nothing organic or grown there.
Everything's brought in, everything's processed, and they have a horrible diet.
And that's not ever, ever discussed when it comes to this issue with the measles there.

[SPEAKER_00]
And can I just say, though, one thing that we're not talking about, Brian, is the mumps part of the MMR.
We talk about the measles, measles, measles the whole time, but the mumps part.

[SPEAKER_02]
The mumps part of the MMR just simply does not work.
And not only does it not work,
But Merck now, the manufacturer of the vast majority of MMR vaccines that are given in the United States, Merck actually fills the amount of vaccine virus, the amount of mumps virus that is in the MMR vaccine is about four to six times higher than what has ever been appropriately safety tested.
And so we really have no idea what is going on.
In fact, Merck will not even tell us what the maximum level of mumps virus is in the MMR vaccine.
So this started happening in 1999.
So I took one of my associates from CHD and said, let's look at VAERS reports on the MMR for like anaphylaxis and deaths.
And sure enough,
As soon as 1999 rolls around, it's off the charts.
OK, so it's a big, big grand medical experiment for a portion of the vaccine that doesn't work anyway.

[SPEAKER_04]
Question from Coyote.
We're frequently told we need to balance the risk versus reward with these routine vaccines like MMR, comparing the relative mild illnesses that occurred before mass vaccination in the 60s with modern all-cause mortality rates, autism rates, etc.
However, given that on the whole children today are significantly less healthy than they were 60 years ago, and coupled with the lack of effective acute care for these forgotten diseases and their secular upon presentation, is there a new calculus that needs to be considered given our times?
Are we really comparing apples to apples?

[SPEAKER_02]
And I think that's a really good point.
And, you know, Dr. Ben, if you want to jump in here as well.
But, you know, what I.
What I believe is that, and this is one of the things that we saw with the hospital deaths for these girls who were admitted with the measles, was there was such a specter around, ooh, this is measles, you can't treat it, the only thing that you can do is vaccinate against it, that when these girls had secondary bacterial infections, they kept on coding it as measles pneumonitis.
and they would never acknowledge the fact that they could possibly have a bacterial infection.
In one case, they actually withheld antibiotics completely even though they had not appropriately tested for bacterial pneumonia until the girl was basically on her last legs in ICU.
I think that one of the things that when I met Dr. Ben, when I met his colleague Richard Bartlett,
And who also does treatment, you know, including in oral and inhaled steroids for for trouble breathing for measles.
I, you know, we need to get back to this.
We need to be able to treat infectious diseases because this is something that has really been lost.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, I agree 100% and to the question, my opinion, absolutely.
With the modern standard American diet that is nutrient depleted and pro-inflammatory, I do believe we have children at higher risk because, and especially with measles, it's clear in the literature, vitamin A sufficiency
improves immune function and outcomes in all respiratory viruses and definitely with measles.
So if you're eating goldfish and other processed food, which I did witness versus an ancestral type diet, it's nutrient dense, Weston A.
Price saw this in the 1930s, vitamins A, D, E, and K, and saturated fat from high quality animal products bolsters the immune system,
And I'm sure tuberculosis was circulated.
In fact, it was.
He identified tuberculosis in the village just down the road, 10 miles, that were eating modern food, processed grain, processed sugar, versus ancestral diets.
So there's absolutely a component of vulnerability when you eat a processed standard American diet, 100%.

[SPEAKER_00]
Can I just add to this because the person who asked the question was talking about the 60s.
So I was born in the 60s in England.
Okay.
And so we had no peanut allergies.
We had no autism.
If we did, we'd never ever heard of it.
We were taken to measles parties to catch measles and mumps.
as a young child, and parents were deeply disappointed if after that party you didn't catch measles and lumps.
And so they were annoyed that you had to keep going back.
Our parents took wicker baskets, no plastic, and they would go and buy proper food.
No one was chemtrailing our land.
We were outside all day playing in the sun on our bikes.
The world has gone mad compared to then to now.
OK, it was the 60s.
Maybe our parents were high or whatever it was, and we were left to go into those other problems, I'm sure.
But we were very healthy young kids in those days compared to the kids now.
We never heard of all these things, SIDS and all these other things that were going on back in the 60s.
And they were called mild childhood illnesses.
And when you got measles or mumps, the doctor did not even come and visit you because they were mild childhood illnesses.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
We've destroyed our microbiome.
we've destroyed our mitochondria, our internal terrain, so to speak, is absolutely devastated as opposed to in the late 1800s, early 1900s, the external terrain of the cesspool in these large cities like New York City where infant mortality rates were so high.
But now it's slipped.
We've got running water and refrigeration and all these things for cleanliness of our external but our internal completely destroyed.
The microbiome is absolutely essential for immune function.
And when you sterilize your microbiome by taking antibiotics all the time, antibiotics in the food, processed food, chemicals in the food, the chemtrail, all of it, we've absolutely destroyed the diversity of our microbiome and the immune system follows suit.

[SPEAKER_00]
So Dr. Wakefield told me once that if we let nature correct itself, it will.
We just need some time to let it correct itself, but we will get there.
We can turn this around.

[SPEAKER_05]
Absolutely.
The body's resilient.
I read a study the other day, even after a round of antibiotics, if you just give the body real food, within four months, you've reestablished your microbiome.
It will come back.
It wants to come back.
It wants balance.
It wants homeostasis.
It wants health.
Your body is designed for health, and it will deliver it if you just give it the inputs, the basic inputs it needs.
It is so simple.
It's probably why doctors can't get it.
It's too simple, and we're not taught in school the truth.
I mean, the arrogance is just built into us in school and, you know, the thought that someone could just overcome something on their own and you don't need a physician.
But I had an old mentor of mine told me in the ancient Chinese medicine, they would pay the doctor in the village.
They'd pay the doctor a little bit every day.
But the moment the patient got sick, they quit paying the doctor.
And they wouldn't resume these small payments until the patient was healthy again.
So the doctors were incentivized to know how to encourage health.
United States Western trained doctors, they don't know how to do that.
They know how to treat symptoms.
It's sick care management.
That's why we're the sickest country getting the worst outcomes, dying younger, spending the most money.
It's not the way to go.

[SPEAKER_04]
They don't teach nutrition and medical school is my two hours.

[SPEAKER_05]
I got two hours.
And half of that, half of that time was spent basically saying, watch out for all these vitamins and supplements.

[SPEAKER_04]
You could die from them.
They demonize the supplements.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_05]
It's awful.
80% of med schools, zero.
Nine of your top 10 killers directly related to food and doctors get zero on food.

[SPEAKER_04]
Unbelievable.
almost sounds like it's by design.
On that note, I have a question for you that is from Dr. Laura.
What did you do to treat your measles and how long were your symptoms?

[SPEAKER_05]
My symptoms were about probably a total of just shy of three days, just under 72 hours.
Started out a little achy, next day had a mild rash, and really that third day pretty everything was fading.
Felt good the third day, the rash was kind of fading, so about three days.
As far as treatment, I didn't really do much.
I mean, but I, well, I try to steward my health.
And cod liver oil and vitamin C are my mainstays.
We can't make vitamin C, our microbiome can.
And I rely on my microbiome to do that.
But when we're sick, we need to consume more.
And actually to that earlier said, but shaken baby, a lot of time the shaken baby syndrome, that's these blood vessels get that they think from trauma, but it can be scurvy.
The vaccines can induce a localized scurvy, and that will cause bleeding in these blood vessels.
And these kids get diagnosed, shaken baby, and the parents get thrown in jail.
But vitamin C depletes with illness or any stress.
So we need vitamin C. That's what I did.
Vitamin C, cod liver oil, because it has vitamin A and vitamin D. And that's what I basically did for all the kids, too, unless they had the inflammatory component, the pneumonitis, inflammation of the airway.
Then Budesonide, the inhaled steroid, and of course antibiotics later if they were getting a bacterial pneumonia.
And we had 100% success rate.
I did not see those two girls, unfortunately.
And as Polly and Brian have already talked about, it was absolutely a violation of standard of care.
I mean, case closed.
They did not get standard of care for community acquired pneumonia case closed.
It was awful.

[SPEAKER_04]
And that's never going to get reported in the legacy media or anywhere.

[SPEAKER_02]
No, no, we've we've tried, you know, not for lack of trying.
Full disclosure, 18 days after visiting Seminole, Texas, sitting in a measles clinic and being exposed to Dr. Ben with the measles, I got the measles.
So cool.
So like, so like Polly, Ben and I are all measles survivors.
And Ben and I were both vaccinated with the MMR.
So, you know, you would never hear that in the legacy media that vaccinated people, you know, would get the measles.
But I have to echo, you know, we, Dr. Ben slipped me some cod liver oil and vitamin C supplements while I was in Gaines County, Texas.
I stuck them in my luggage and that's what I did.

[SPEAKER_00]
And I had measles naturally as a child and did not have anything at all wrong with me.
And Brian Burrows came with us as well and he did not get measles, but he did have.
I think around six MMRs in his life that might have done it, do you think?
Does it work at all?
I don't know.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, yeah, he immigrated from Canada, so he got the MMR coming in.

[SPEAKER_04]
So if you'd been at the Shakira concert, you would have survived just fine if you were right next to the measles-infected person.

[SPEAKER_00]
You know, the one thing that I find, I'm just going to bring this up and I want to know what everybody thinks about this.
I do not remember as a child these, when I walked into your clinic, Dr. Ben, the coughing was really kind of intense.
I don't remember us ever having coughs like that when we had measles.
Is that, is this a different, I mean, has measles got worse over the years?
Is it a vaccine strain measles?
I mean, I'm just asking because
It was quite intense, those little babies, almost whooping coughs, if you like.
We didn't have that.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, it was unusual.
And I saw that the very first night when I went down to check on the sibling.
So I was taken a little bit back and actually kind of reminded me of COVID.
In adult patients, we saw the same respiratory inflammatory response.
You know, during COVID, I didn't really see kids have much of a problem at all.
But in that setting, that's what it reminded me of.
And I knew
the bacterial part of the risk of bacterial pneumonia comes at the end of measles and these kids were more in the beginning to middle, which is why I assume the pneumonitis picture and the Budesonide came into play.
But yeah, I don't know if it's different strain or if there's something more nefarious.
I mean, now gain a function, everyone knows what that is and all these labs that are doing what they're doing, who knows?
So that's why doctors need to be very nimble, very critically aware and critical thinking
clinical skills in a situation.
And if you see a symptom that you have a tool that you can use to treat that symptom, then we treat it obviously.
So that should be no, no debate or question about that.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, that's it.
There was a question and I think you already answered it from CJOY01.
Can you discuss vaccine induced measles as there were vaccine campaigns prior to measles outbreaks in Texas?
And it seems like you weren't seeing any of this stuff until fairly recently.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, and who knows, that's all conjecture.
I mean, yeah, you can shed for sure.
There's studies that talk about live virus in the nose, but a lot of them, we are pretty close to Mexico.
A lot of Mennonites do, they actually immigrated from Canada down to Mexico and then to Gaines County over the last few decades.
So they have lots of family in Mexico and there's a lot of travel back and forth.
And obviously we know there's measles there too.
So who knows, you know,
And of course, we don't know the strain.
So there's a lot of guesswork there.
But regardless, you treat the patient, you treat the symptoms that you're seeing in front of you and you overcome it.

[SPEAKER_00]
But the biggest thing of all this is, is that you, Dr. Ben, had the MMR or MMRs and you got measles.
Brian Hooker had the MMR and got measles.
Countless others did in the Mennonite community and around.
So the MMR clearly doesn't work.
So people listening that are pro-vaccine, you've got to say, you've got to say, this vaccine doesn't work.

[SPEAKER_02]
No, it doesn't.
And the immunity wanes very, very quickly to the tune of maybe 4% or more per year.
Your likelihood of getting the measles after you've had the MMR increases by 4% every year.
And so you look at somebody who
uh, got the MMR as a child, you know, got the, got the booster, uh, between four and six years of age.
By the time they're adult, they really don't have durable immunity anymore.

[SPEAKER_05]
And that's, it doesn't kill you by the way.

[SPEAKER_04]
Right.
If you're not dead, but you're dead.
Right.

[SPEAKER_05]
And as this generation that did overcome measles naturally and pass it and have that immunity for life, as that generation passes away, which were
quickly approaching, we're going to see more and more and more measles outbreak.
I mean, because all these folks like myself walking around that don't have the immunity anymore because I never had it naturally as a child.

[SPEAKER_00]
It's really important for people to understand that back in the 60s in my day, we would catch measles.
So then me as a mother, when I was nursing my child, I would be passing on immunity to my child.
So that's been taken away.
So there is a danger.
potentially, because we've ruined what nature intended.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, it was a beautiful, beautiful way that God designed this.
Like Polly just said, a mother who had it as a child has immunity for life.
She passes, say she's 25 years old, gets pregnant, passes that immunity to baby, baby gets through those first few months or year or so where they're more vulnerable.
Those antibodies fade away over time.
And here they go.
Now they're strong and equipped with a strong immune system at four, five, six years old.
Measles come through town, they get the measles.
Now they have immunity for life.
It was beautiful.
Same with the chickenpox back in the day.
We've ruined those things.

[SPEAKER_04]
Question from Tax Slave.
Do you doctor, do you think that the top-down protocol control of healthcare is a result of the centralized Obamacare program?

[SPEAKER_05]
I mean, that definitely didn't help, but I think this goes all the way back to the Flexner Report around 1910, when they decided, when they surveyed the medical education curriculum that was all across America, there were homeopathic medical schools, naturopathic medical schools, allopathic, osteopathic, herbalist, chiropractic, all kinds of healers and curriculum in schools to teach these healing arts.
And that report came and said there's too much
variation and really chaos in the medical education curriculum, we need to standardize.
And they elected to standardize to the pharmaceutical allopathic model.
And that's where, to me, everything went off the rails, started to go off the rails when we decided to license only allopathic and put the money to those schools and the money to those research facilities.
And everybody else was marginalized.
at best or made illegal at worst.
The chiropractors kind of survived.
They fought in court and survived.
But all those other ancient healing arts worked with the body's natural healing abilities to come alongside it, partner with it, encourage it, you know, work with it.
Allopathic was the only one that fights against it, suppresses a symptom with a pharmaceutical.
So yeah, Obamacare definitely didn't help.
But this goes way back before that.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
It's almost as if Obamacare was like the one health put everybody into one giant corporate medical industrial complex.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
It's clear where they're trying to go with this top down protocol driven is going to be AI driven.
And it's just a, it's a system that obviously does not have the patient's best outcomes as a priority.

[SPEAKER_02]
It was almost like it was codified during COVID because there were so many protocols that were so lockstep that really had, you know, the opposite effect of healing.
This is something that, Polly, in the CHD bus, I was in the CHD bus for a little while, but you would hear of these hospital protocols.
over and over and over again.
And the thing that was really insidious about these protocols too, as they were just being enforced, lockstep, you know, regardless of what the condition of the patient was, was that the protocol varied depending on the vaccination status.
There was definitely a double standard.

[SPEAKER_04]
So I did get one rumble rant.
Thank you for this Housatonic.
And this goes back to the vitamin K question.
Vitamin K is intramuscular injection.
Maybe intramuscular injection is just a bad idea of any combination of substances.
And I'm not sure that's a question or a statement.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, from an immune response standpoint, it's a completely different immune cell and immune response.
You know, your airway and your GI tract, those are the entry points.
And so when you bypass those first responders, those immune system cells that line these ports of entry, those are very specialized cells designed to having a first responder effect and kill germs and then
basically chop them up and send them down to the memory cells and the memory cells make antibodies to these different antigens.
You bypass that whole system, go straight to the muscle.
It's a completely different immune response that can result in adverse effects, but also just waning immunity or even no immunity.

[SPEAKER_00]
And Dr. Ben and Dr. Brian, let's make this absolutely clear.
The vitamin K is synthetic.
So when we, I actually remember thanking the midwife saying, she said, I've just given your baby some vitamin K. I was like, oh, that's so kind.
Thank you so much.
I mean, we all want vitamins in our kids, right?
It's synthetic.

[SPEAKER_02]
It is it's synthetic and it contains aluminum as well.

[SPEAKER_04]
There is aluminum in the vitamin K shot And they don't tell you that when you're giving birth that it's no it's got you don't get any sort of Informed consent at that moment All right, so I'm gonna finish with this question And it's from dr. Laura
It says, please ask Polly and Dr. Brian about their thoughts about the recent FDA announcement saying that children and pregnant women do not need COVID jabs.
Are they taking a nuanced stand?

[SPEAKER_02]
Too little too late, you know, it seems I actually there was a, there was a FDA meeting of one of their committees that considers vaccines and related biologics.
And they were talking about the new shots, the new COVID boosters.
And in my public comment, I said, you know, you need to take every COVID vaccine that has been produced.
and is being produced off the market.
It is a death shot.
We have shown that over and over and over again.
It is the worst formulation that they could have ever foisted on the entire idea of society.
Um, so, you know, it's nice that they did this, uh, you know, the, the COVID vaccine for these age groups, um, has never been FDA approved.
It's only under emergency use authorization.
It's never been tested in pregnant women and the testing that was done in children just absolutely sucked.
You know, uh, they, they really had no durable control group.
because they were giving the children in the control group the covid shot uh you know eight weeks after the start of the trial and so um yeah it is it's it's a great first step uh you know there is so much more that needs to be done and the covid vaccine because
you know, the damage done was unprecedented.
It was, you know, it rivaled all of the damage that had been recorded in the CDC's Vaccine Adverse Aborting System for the entire 35 years of the system.
Within two years, COVID had more injuries than the rest of all the vaccines combined for 35 years.
And so it just needs to be taken off the market.

[SPEAKER_00]
It does, but they all need to be taken off the market.
And the problem is, is that people say, oh, Polly, and as many of you out there are very frustrated by what's going on.
We're all delighted we've got Bobby in there and we've got a great team.
I get that.
But it's very frustrating.
People saying, you know, you have to wait.
You have to let them do their science.
You have to.
As far as I'm concerned, the science is already out there.
We, the people, are the science.
The facts unvax people.
And in every day that we have to be patient and wait, babies are dying, people are dying, or they're getting catastrophic injuries like Brian Hooker's son and my son.
And that's a lifelong
situation.
And when Brian and I are no longer around, who's going to look after all of these adults that are so severely injured from these vaccines?
So I'm just a mom.
I'm not speaking on behalf of Children's Health events here, but hurry up, Bobby, and hurry up FDA, hurry up the CDC, because these kids are dying on your watch.
And I know that's hard and harsh.
But you're in there, and you can make a change.
The science is there, Brian.
Is it not there?
Vaccines aren't there.

[SPEAKER_02]
It is there.
It is absolutely there.
And I'm not on the inside of the government.
I'm not constrained.
So I'm going to continue to shout across the rooftops.
Maybe Bobby needs to be patient.
Maybe the folks that are in that complex that have fought for health freedom need to be patient.
That's not my job.
So my job is to make sure that children, babies, adults whomever have the best health ever, including not dying or getting injured from vaccines.

[SPEAKER_04]
You answered my question without me even having to ask it.
So thank you for your stance on that.
And I was going to also ask about your take on the Maha report that dropped today because I'm going to be playing a clip at the very end of the show of Bobby announcing that and I was
They did not mention vaccines in the Maha report to your point.

[SPEAKER_02]
No, that's not correct.
They did.

[SPEAKER_04]
Or did they?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
Yeah.
You go down.
It's, it's, you know, you really have to flip down, uh, to, uh, there's about four pages on vaccines.
It was a 68 page, you know, the Maha commission report.
It was a 68 page report and there were four pages on vaccines and, and, you know,
Um, it, it was middle of the road, but, but I felt like they checked a lot of boxes.
And so, um, again, I, you know, if I was writing the report, I don't work inside the government.
I would have written it differently, uh, and would have been more scathing, but I was pleased that the issues that they're looking into and they're going to look at, they covered a lot of bases.

[SPEAKER_04]
Great.
Thank you for the correction.
Cause I had not read it, but I'd read someone saying that.
So I was referencing someone saying that.
So thank you for correcting that.

[SPEAKER_02]
You have to wait.
I mean, it's at the, it's, it's near the bottom of the report, but so, but it's there.

[SPEAKER_04]
Excellent.
Well, any final thoughts before I thank you for all the time you've given us this evening and answering so many questions and just sharing so much wealth of information.

[SPEAKER_00]
Any final thoughts before I have a final thought?
Of course, I do.
I always do.
I want to say to the I think Dr. Ben Edwards is a very kind, wonderful doctor.
and he gives a lot of grace to the other doctors who they say he says no no better or whatever here's what i say to you the doctors be like dr ben we need to have t-shirts that says they need to be like dr ben edwards because i saw dr ben edwards working on the ground with these measles when he had measles as well and this is how a doctor should be
This is everything that we had in our childhood and it's everything that should be for the future.
So to you out there, if you're sitting watching this and you're still a pediatrician, you're still vaccinating, you're still following hospital protocols, then you really, really need to do your research super fast or be brave.
Do the right thing because one day you're going to have to face God, whether you believe in it or not, you are going to be facing God and you need to be like Dr. Ben Edwards.
And thank you, Dr. Ben Edwards for all you do.

[SPEAKER_02]
I'm going to embarrass Dr. Ben Moore because not only did he do that, but, you know, there was no billing clerk at the pop-up measles clinic in Seminole, Texas.
You know, you didn't see any billing anything.
Uh, and you know, this was, this was, uh, you know, um, uh, pro bono medical care, uh, because somebody cared about what community was going through and encountered, you know, a family of, uh, of, uh, four other children that were scared to death that they were going to end up like their daughter who passed away in covenant children's hospital in Lubbock.
And so, in addition to that, without really any idea, you know, how he was going to be reimbursed or how the money was going to come in, he had airlifted boxes and boxes of cod liver oil, natural vitamin A, and vitamin C supplements for these families to be able to take home.
It was incredible.
Absolutely incredible.
You know, the level of caring
and concern and compassion.
It was like, I left and I wanted to be a medical doctor like Dr. Ben.
The white coat was a white coat again.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, right.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, thank you all for those very, very kind words.
But I'm just trying to
treat everybody like I would want to be treated and like I would want my mom and my dad and my kids to be treated.
So I think that I concur with Polly for my colleagues out there.
You can do the right thing and you can step outside that box and don't let fear ever come into your decision making.
Keep your patient first, do what's right and it'll work out in the end.
even if you get fired, which I did 13 years ago when I learned the truth, I did get fired, but it's been the best journey ever.
So thank you, Polly.
Thank you, Brian.
I mean, what y'all have done, the truth you've put out, all the material, all the content, that's what gives me the ability to stand up boldly with facts, with truth, and equip my patients with knowledge, with informed consent.
So thank you for all y'all are doing.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thank all of you for the humanitarian work that all three of you are doing.
Polly and Dr. Hooker, I know you're with CHD, but where can we find more of your work or if people want to contact you Polly, where can they find you?

[SPEAKER_00]
I'm actually still banned from Facebook.
I'm not on any of these things, I'm afraid.
I'm only on Instagram, but I'm children's health events.
THD.TV, that's where I am.
You can always catch me there.
And do tune into us for life every morning, trying to break down the truth from 10 Eastern time every day, seven days a week.

[SPEAKER_04]
go watch CHDTV every morning.
And Brian, how about you?
Where can we find you and your work?

[SPEAKER_02]
Mine's a little more difficult and longer, childrenshealthdefense.org.
And there is a pull down tab for CHD science.
And you can see all of the wonderful things that we're doing, including original science on Twitter, Brian Hooker, at Brian Hooker PhD.
And gosh, I think it's similar for Instagram and Facebook, and I haven't been kicked off, but I spent a lot of time in Facebook jail.
And I love the shout outs for the book.
I worked really hard on those words, so please read the words as well as look at the pictures.

[SPEAKER_00]
No, it's actually not funny when Bobby says, just look at the pictures.
I'm going to stand up for Brian here for a second.
He worked really hard on that.
There's a lot of good literature and it's really easy to read.
So please do read Brian's words.
No, don't just look at the pictures.
We're a little brighter than that.

[SPEAKER_02]
Right, right.
It makes it like, you know, the next page is going to be like connect the dots or color.
I'm with you.
It's different than that.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
Read the words.
They're important.
Not just the pictures.
Right.
And Dr. Edwards,
Wow.
It's been fantastic meeting you this evening and the work you're doing and the way you're in the endorsement that Polly and Brian just gave you is incredible.
Where can, if at all, where can our viewers find you and your work?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
The best place is the website Veritas.
That's Latin for truth.
Veritas with a V. Veritaswellnessmember.com
And you can find our Instagram page from there.
Dr. Ben Edwards Instagram.
My podcast is you're the cure on all the podcast platforms.

[SPEAKER_04]
You're the cure.
Excellent.
Well, thank you for your time, your generosity, your expertise.
It's been a fabulous episode and conversation and we hope to have you back.
Soon and keep up the fight because it's a, it's a long battle and you, you are, have been at the forefront as long as anyone.
So thank you for all that work.

[SPEAKER_05]
You're welcome.
Thank you.
And thanks to Steve to thank you for helping spread the truth to the platform.
Appreciate you having me on.

[SPEAKER_04]
Absolutely.
Thank you, Dr. Hooker.
Thank you, Paulie.
I've got a few announcements and a video of RFK Jr. today to play at the very end.
Before we get to that, I want to remind you that we are a 501C3 and everything we do is made possible by supporters like you.
Every episode, every investigation, every study, and every story we elevate is driven by our shared mission to amplify the voices of the vaccine injured, challenge the mainstream narrative, and fight for truth and transparency in medicine.
If this mission matters to you, please stand with us and I'm going to put this donation link up
Your donation, no matter the amount, makes a real difference.
It helps us reach more people, protect more families, and shine a light where others won't.
We know times are tough, but truth is priceless.
Visit vacsafety.org, backslash donate, or just text VSRF to 53-555 to give now.
And let's keep truth alive.
And next week, be sure to join us when we're honored to welcome the incredible J.B. Hanley.
J.B. Hanley is a fierce advocate, father, and truth teller.
J.B. is the author of How to End the Autism Epidemic and co-author of Underestimated, An Autism Miracle, written with his nonverbal son, Jameson.
He's also the co-producer of the groundbreaking film, Spellers, which is shifting the global conversation around non-speaking individuals with autism
You won't want to miss this insightful conversation.
And finally, to sign off tonight,
with his remarks from HHS or with remarks from HHS Secretary Robert F. Kennedy Jr. delivered earlier today at the Maha Commission event at the White House.
Thank you for standing with us and being here with us.
And we'll see you all next week.
Hopefully you'll join us again.
And I'm going to call up this video right now and sign off with this.
Have a great evening and great Memorial Day weekend.
Good night.
See you next week.

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, thank you very much, Mr. President.
I do want to say something because I get a lot of credit for steering this administration toward the MAHA movement.
But I joined the campaign in August.
I joined President Trump in August and became, you know, went from independent to his campaign.
But it was in June that he made a speech specifically on this issue.
It was a MAHA speech before MAHA existed.
And I took note of that speech at the time and thought, there is a potential here for a common ground.
I want to thank you for your vision, for your courage, for standing up.
President Trump is a populist president.
He's a president.
He's blamed for giving money to billionaires and all this stuff.
We hear about that all the time.
But he is on the side of the middle class, the working class, the poor in this country, people.
And I've been following, I've met every president since my uncle was president, and I've never seen a president, Democrat or Republican, that is willing to stand up to industry when it's the right thing to do, and willing to talk about really difficult issues.
and to hold his stand on those issues.
I've never seen anything like it, and I'm very, very grateful to you.
I've sat with industry again and again in a room with him and heard him say, we can't do that.
We're going to do something different, deliver news that they didn't want to hear.
So I'm grateful to this.
This is a milestone.
There's never in American history has the federal government taken a position on public health like this.
And because of President Trump's leadership, it's not just one cabinet secretary, it's the entire government that is behind this report.
And I can say again, I talked a little bit about when I met Rachel Carson as a boy.
My uncle tried to do this, but he was killed and it never got done.
And ever since then, we've been waiting for a president who would stand up and speak on behalf of the healthy American people and say,
There is no difference between good economic policy, good environmental policy, and good public health policy, and good industrial policy.
We can have all of them.
We need a united cabinet, and we need to go forward as a single people.
I want to thank you for that, President Trump.
At its core, this report is a call to action for common sense.
We've relied too much on conflicted research, ignored common sense, or what some would call mother's intuition.
It's common sense that ultra-processed, nutrient-poor food contributes to chronic disease.
It's common sense that excessive screen time and isolation lead to anxiety and depression, especially in children.
It's common sense that exercise and healthy food come before prescriptions and surgery.
It's common sense that not all calories are equal in nutritional value.
It's common sense that over-medicating kids is dangerous.
It's common sense that we can celebrate the innovations of modern life while also demanding fearless inquiry into ameliorating the negative effects of medication, agriculture, and environmental practices.
It's common sense that research funded by corporations deserves more scrutiny than independent studies.
I'm so proud of this cabinet.
And particularly Secretary Rollins and Administrator Zeldin, who, again, I'll say it a third time, worked late, late nights, early into the morning to make this happen.
And to all the leadership from the White House staff, beginning with Stephen Miller and Heidi Overton, Dr. Heidi Overton with Vince Haley.
Their leadership and their steady hand in getting us to the goal line was we could not have done it without them.
They helped us grapple with weighty issues and committed this administration to solving large, complex challenges like children's health.
We're joined here by senators, advocates, governors who I have worked with, and CEOs who I know who are all ready to begin carrying out this mission.
This is the beginning of a conversation, a national conversation that we are gonna have with maturity, with nuance, for the first time in history, thanks to your leadership, President Trump.
There is a reason that the Maha mom sided with you, President Trump.
It's because this administration has the bravery to tell the truth and solve problems through innovation and not nanny state regulation.
President Trump, I'm honored to present to you the Maha report
and work with this incredible cabinet that you have brought together to make our children healthy again.
