[SPEAKER_13]
This is karma's gonna get you Gonna knock you right in the head You better get yourself together
There's a cause gonna get you
Your karma's gonna get you Gonna drop you off your feet Better recognize your brothers

[SPEAKER_10]
Tonight on VSRF Live, the legendary Dell Big Tree, founder of the High Wire and co-founder of Informed Consent Action Network, joins us to discuss his groundbreaking new film, An Inconvenient Study, which uncovers a hidden chapter in medical history.

[SPEAKER_11]
So let me make this perfectly clear.
Our intent is to inform the public about an unpublished study, which we believe sheds important light on the potential risks that are associated with the U.S. Childhood Vaccine Program.
This unpublished study was performed by the very capable team at Henry Ford, comparing unvaccinated children to children who have received one or more vaccines.
This unpublished study is not the only one of its kind, but rather it's amongst at least seven other vaccinated versus unvaccinated studies that all had similar findings.
What sets this study apart is the size of the study with over 18,000 children and the fact that it is conducted by credentialed scientists at a prestigious medical institution.

[SPEAKER_10]
Good evening and welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm your host, Livio Sanchez, and I'm so glad you're here with us tonight.
We have an epic discussion lined up.
We're honored to welcome the legendary Dell Big Tree, founder of the High Wire and co-founder of ICANN, the Informed Consent Action Network.
Dell has been a longtime warrior in the fight for medical freedom, tirelessly advocating for transparency, informed consent,
and individual rights in healthcare long before COVID.
He's here with us tonight to discuss his powerful new film, An Inconvenient Study, which uncovers a hidden chapter in medical history.
In 2016, Dell challenged the head of infectious disease at one of the world's most prestigious medical institutions to conduct the most thorough, backsed versus unvaxed study ever undertaken.
The expert accepted the challenge aiming to prove Dell wrong.
But the shocking results were buried until now.
This film is based on what's known as the Ford study, a groundbreaking analysis that Dell helped initiate.
And he is bringing this suppressed data to light just ahead of the film's world premiere.
at the Malibu Film Festival coming up this Sunday, October 12th.
If you're in the Los Angeles area, don't wait, grab your tickets now.
Janet will drop the link in the chat.
And later, we'll be joined by David Katz, founder of the Malibu Film Festival, where an inconvenient study will premiere.
Get ready for an exciting conversation and have your questions ready.
So let's get started.
Please join me in welcoming the founder of the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation, Steve Kirsch,
Welcome to VSRF Live, Steve.
How are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_08]
I'm great.
I'm really looking forward to tonight.
It's a really tremendous film that Dell has put together.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, I wish I was going to be there.
I'm going to miss the screening, but I will watch the stream or watch it as soon as I get a chance.
But I'm really looking forward to your conversation with Dell.
Before, though, I want to just
bring something up that happened this week.
There's so much news happening, but this one really just got under my skin.
And it's Peter Marks, who was the villain in the last film we saw at the DGA at the Santa Monica Film Festival, the follow, the silenced film, the great documentary.
And here he is now, just shortly after leaving the FDA, he is now heading over to Eli Lilly, like literally just walking across the street.
And what do you think, Steve?

[SPEAKER_08]
You know, I think it was a choice between joining ICANN and joining Eli Lilly.
And I think maybe Eli Lilly probably gave him the better offer.

[SPEAKER_10]
Were you going to maybe reach out and see if you wanted to join the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation?

[SPEAKER_08]
Absolutely.
That would have been a good move for him.
I think, you know, I think it would be time to sort of have some retribution, maybe.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, we could have maybe convinced him to see the lights.
But anyway, let's bring on the legendary Dell Big Tree.
Dell, welcome to VSRF Live.
It's an honor to have you.
How are you this evening?
Oh, I'm going to ask you to unmute.
There we go.

[SPEAKER_11]
There it is.
Did that unmute?

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, there we go.

[SPEAKER_11]
Is that working?

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, perfect.

[SPEAKER_11]
All right.
Hey, yeah, it's great to be here.
Olivia, I want to thank you for having me, Steve.
What a pleasure.
We're always so busy working on studies and digging through data.
We don't get a lot of time to talk, but when we have, it's always a good time.
So I'm looking forward to this.

[SPEAKER_10]
Totally.
Excellent.
I'm going to read your bio Dell for those out there that don't know about you.
Dell is an Emmy Award winning television and film producer internationally recognized public speaker and one of the foremost voices in the medical freedom and vaccine risk awareness movement.
He is the founder of the nonprofit informed consent action network.
I can
and the host of The High Wire, an independent health news show that has reached over 33 million viewers, known for its investigative journalism and bold commentary.
Dell's work focuses on promoting scientific transparency, informed consent, and personal autonomy in health care.
He produced the groundbreaking documentary, Vaxt, from cover-up to Catastrophe.
which exposed previously suppressed data linking vaccines and autism and sparked global discussion on vaccine safety, public health policy, and informed consent.
Dell is also set to headline Children's Health Defense's Moment of Truth Conference in Austin this upcoming November 7th through 9th.
Tonight, he'll give us an exclusive preview of what he's bringing to this landmark event, as well as discuss his latest film, An Inconvenient Study, which, as I mentioned at the top, premieres this weekend,
at the Malibu Film Festival.
Del, with your permission, can I play the trailer to an inconvenient study before I unleash you with Steve?

[SPEAKER_11]
Please do.
All right, here it goes.

[SPEAKER_08]
This is a great trailer.

[SPEAKER_11]
Sickest country in the world.
We are now the sickest country in the world.
It is now believed that over 54% of our kids have a permanent chronic disease.
Shouldn't we look closest at the one product designed to alter our immune system for life?
There'd be one easy study to rule it out, the vaccinated versus unvaccinated study.

[SPEAKER_09]
As fate would have it, Dell met Marcus Servos.

[SPEAKER_11]
He agreed to do a vaxed versus unvaxed study.

[SPEAKER_09]
Kids that are vaccinated, it doesn't look so good.
4.47 times the amount.
Five and a half times risk.
Six times increase.
Amongst the unvaxing group, there were zero.

[SPEAKER_01]
Like if this is true, this is devastating.

[SPEAKER_09]
It needs to be published.

[SPEAKER_07]
This is information the public should have in 2020, and I forced the issue.

[SPEAKER_11]
Does he have forward responded?
They said this report was not published because it did not meet the rigorous scientific standards we demand as a premier medical research institution.
They have forced our hand.
We're going to have to show them the footage.
I'm going to bring hidden cameras and recording equipment so that no matter what happens at this dinner,
I can prove it happened.
What do you think about the study you guys have done?

[SPEAKER_12]
I just don't want to.
Somebody's going to come back and they're going to say, you know, this study was flawed.

[SPEAKER_00]
The unpublished Henry Ford analysis is fundamentally flawed.

[SPEAKER_12]
How about looking at this is important scientific information that can inform how the powerful study could be done when taken like that.
And then I can say, because there's a political agenda to it.
Is what your study shows
Is it important?
Yeah, it is important.
I'm just acting.
I'm not going to do it.

[SPEAKER_11]
If I can't get the study out, then what hope is there for every kid in the future?
I said to you, if you do this study, you're going to come under fire.
You said, I don't care about that.
I'm all about the data, and I'm about to retire anyway.
That's literally what you said.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_11]
So your energy's definitely changed on that.

[SPEAKER_12]
Energy's changed.
Publishing something like that might as well retire.
I'd be finished.

[SPEAKER_11]
This is an inconvenient study for the entire vaccine agenda.

[SPEAKER_10]
Awesome trailer.
Before I let you guys start your conversation, I want to remind everyone out in the audience, if you have questions for Dell or Steve or David Katz, when he joins later, put them in the chat all caps and we'll get to as many as we can.
All right, Steve, take it away.

[SPEAKER_08]
Well,
It's great to have you on our show, Del.
I'm a huge fan of your work and just so appreciative of all the sacrifices that you've made over your life.
But this film has got to be one of the highlights.
And I hope it'll have a huge, huge impact.
And I think you're probably hoping the same because I think it's going to reveal things that people had no idea as to what's going on.
And do you think that we'll be able to see this in like regular theaters or will it be, you know, just specialty theaters that that will show this?
Because if we can get this to the mainstream cinema, man, that would be really, really important.

[SPEAKER_11]
It would be great, but I think we live in a different time.
You know, obviously when we did Vax, Vax was very unique.
And in fact, I had a great conversation with Dr. Andrew Wakefield just the other day talking about this film and just talking about Vax, which
I'll never forget the experience of making Vax, of traveling the country with Vax.
That was just a global phenomenon, how people responded.
But that, of course, did get a theatrical run driven really by the people.
People just going to their own local theater and saying, we want this film here.
demanding it, but you know, people don't go to theaters as much anymore.
Steve, that whole, I mean, I would say, you know, I said to Andy then, I think Vaxt may have been like, it was the end of this sort of cinema era.
Like it was the last moment people would actually go out to theaters for something like that.
So I think what you're going to see, I mean, first of all, it's going to be available online for everyone in the world for free.
Won't have to pay for it starting Sunday night.
We want everyone to share it with everyone they can.
I don't, you know, I don't want to have to wait for contracts with Cineplex and all these movie theaters, which ultimately I don't know if they would touch this film.
It would take the whole type of movement back had, but our technologies now are better.
We didn't have the ability to deliver a right to your house or right to your church or, and there are theaters.
We are, if people go to an inconvenient study right now, there's places where you can just, if you want to have a screening,
And the theater, you want to do that, you want to invite people.
We're all about that, but that might take a higher definition or specific type of file.
We'll provide that.
I'm definitely planning on, you know, hitting some Q&As around the country where people decide to do that, which would be awesome.
But I don't want people to think they need to wait for a theater.
And frankly, at this point in time, everything's moving so quickly.
I wouldn't want to waste time with negotiations.
And when are we getting the theater, all of that?
This is really something that I want this to be a global worldwide effort.
This is just a tool.
I keep feeling like,
I'm just here to try and, you know, I mean, I just want to make it clear right up front here, Steve.
I'm a journalist, right?
I'm not a doctor.
I, you know, didn't go to med school.
That gets pointed out in every article that attacks me.
But I find the information as, you know, and I present it as clearly as honestly as I can.
I want the debate.
I believe the scientific method demands that we have difficult conversations
And there should be challenges.
There should be challenges to the work that I put out there.
Work challenges, the work that we see put out by the other side.
Peter Marks, if you will, all of those.
But that's what science is all about.
What's so scary is the level of censorship and, you know, like, you know, claims of heresy almost.
If you decide to even involve yourself in this conversation or bring a debate or challenge the status quo or an idea, even though we all know science is never settled, every day on the television, all they try to do is pour concrete around the existing science and wonder why we're getting sick or wonder why we can't get to the answers of the problems that we're suffering in this world.
You know, this is just another brilliant experience.
As you said, yeah, I, I said today on the, on the high wire that, you know, Vax changed my life when I, you know, when we got accepted into the Tribeca film festival, I remember it was finally announced and I, and I said to my wife, you know, I have a feeling that by this, I think it was like on a Friday morning, but I said, I have a feeling by Monday when all of this really starts hitting the news,
the life I knew may never be the same again, which means our life is never going to be the same again.
So I said, honey, why don't we, you know, grab our son?
Let's go up to Palm.
We're in LA.
Let's go to Palm Springs or get a hotel up there and just have a nice weekend.
You know, just remember, like, you know, really just taking in who we are right now because it may change.
I didn't even get, we got one hour into that drive and ABC news was calling me.
They wanted to do a story about Vax.
I said, oh, I'm going to take the weekend off.
I said, no, no, we're going to send a crew to you.
The crew came to the hotel where I was at.
That was the interview that really went viral once we got kicked out of Tribeca Film Festival.
Didn't see that coming.
That happened on Saturday.
I did the interview.
Sunday we're kicked out.
It becomes the biggest news story in media in the world.
And as they say, the rest is history.
Vax went on.
to I think a lot of people credit facts with I like to say igniting the medical freedom movement.
It's not like we built it.
It's been there.
It's been, you know, on the shoulders of all of these parents of injured children that have not just, you know, didn't whine, didn't complain about what happened to them, but went out to warn all of the others.
They've been doing that for decades, but when Vax came along, I think it was a focal point.
It gave a focus to that movement and things just exploded from there.
So as I look at this film, it feels like that moment again to me.
You know, and the climate that we're in with all the changes we're seeing with Robert Kennedy Jr. and HHS Secretary, you know, so many great things have happened.
But this, this story right here to me, I love how the film has turned out.
It just really is going to help people that I think are just now waking up to really understand
what this issue of vaccines may be and why we care so much about comparative studies and the climate of censorship and fear and control that's going on with scientists when they try to
to even, you know, dip their toes in asking a really important question right now.
Are vaccines actually safe?
How do we establish that?
Is it possible that the side effects that they know about that are written in warning labels on every single vaccine we get, you know, is it possible that those side effects are actually so numerous and so debilitating
that we've reached a point where the vaccines are actually causing more harm than the diseases themselves.
That is the debate of our time.
That is the debate of this moment.
And, you know, we're alive right now in the center of it.

[SPEAKER_08]
They don't want to seem to want to have a debate.
Has anybody challenged you?
Has Paul Offit or Peter Hotez or anybody promoting the vaccines?
Have any of them called you up and said, look, Dale, you're spreading misinformation.
We need to settle this.
Let's have a nice public debate.
between the two of us or between several people on each side.
And let's settle this issue in a public forum.
Has anyone ever reached out to you and
offered that.
I would imagine the answer is no, because if they did, I would have heard about it.

[SPEAKER_11]
I'd have been there.
I'd be like, Steve, you know me.
I'd have been in there in a heartbeat.
I've said it all along.
If Paul Offit offered to have an interview, be on my show.
I'll be on his.
I'd be there in two seconds.
I'd hop on a plane right now.
If I got a call, I'd stop this interview, say, Steve, I love you, but I finally got Paul off.
So, no, no, that has not happened.
You know, I know you know, because you've been a part of some of our attempts to make something like that happen.
You had a debate just a couple of weeks ago, which was brilliant.
But we've been asking for that debate.
I remember several years ago when we had the real debate, you know, we set it up.
It was like, we're gonna have a debate on this topic.
We had six experts on the other side, and then three days out is gonna happen in Atlanta.
They just started bailing out.
They were telling us we're getting calls from large, powerful entities they wouldn't describe.
But we're saying they were not allowed to do it.
So we ended up having that debate.
I'll never forget.
I forget what year it was.
Probably it was four or five years ago now.
But it's all kind of a blur.
So we just set up a bunch of empty chairs where they were supposed to be.
And we still had our side of it.
And we even represented Paul off, it would say, and we let them.
and played videos and showed what they would say.
But, you know, there's reasons they won't have that debate.
You know, remember that Joe Rogan had a great moment with Peter Hotez.
I think it was just two years ago, maybe three years ago.
And Joe Rogan said, why won't you just debate Robert Kennedy Jr.?
And he says, because I don't want to validate this crazy notion that
you know, vaccines, not paraphrasing, of course, I don't want to put any quotes, but, you know, I don't want to validate that notion that vaccines can be dangerous.
And Joe Rogan's like that.
This is one of the fastest growing conversations in the world.
It's already validated.
There are plenty of people that now believe this.
It seems to me, if you need to slow this down, you should probably debate Robert Getty Jr. And remember, there's like a bat, like people started saying, I'll put, you know, I think it ended up getting up to like $100,000 or more.
No, no, no, I put in $100,000 myself on that one.

[SPEAKER_08]
Right.
Oh, it was in the millions.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah.
And he turned it down, you know, would go to whatever nonprofit you want to go to.
If you'll turn down millions would not take up the debate.
And, uh, and then lastly on that topic, though, it's accidentally happened.
a couple of times, you know, in the most important way, which is, of course, you know, we've got Dr. Stanley Plotkin, the deposition of Dr. Stanley Plotkin, that Aaron Siri, our attorney for ICANN, did, that was under oath.
And so that, you want to watch, that's a debate.
Watching those two guys, it was like watching, I remember when Aaron first finished that, and by the way, it was a case up in Michigan, Detroit, a divorce case for people that aren't aware of this,
And the mother and father had not vaccinated their child, but now that they were divorced, the father wanted to vaccinate the child.
And we get this call, you know, they're bringing in this guy Stanley Plotkin.
I'm like Stanley Plotkin, you know, to be the expert witness to say why my child should be vaccinated.
And of course, I mean, he is literally the most powerful person in the world on vaccines.
The Bible on vaccines is this thick and it's called Plotkin.
on vaccines when they start the ACIT meeting at the CDC, the advisory committee on immunization practices, that gavel that they hit to start the meeting is called the plot in gavel.
That's how important this guy is, so.
Aaron, there's a case where Stanley Blockin's coming in to be an expert witness, and he said, get me in touch with those lawyers.
He called them, said, I want to depose him.
Can you get him deposed?
I'll get him under oath.
It's a nine hour deposition.
And you can get the transcripts.
We've cut a lot of those videos at thehighwire.com.
You can watch them.
Watch how that goes.
Watch how the leading, the number one biggest authority on vaccines that claims there's mountains of evidence and science is responsible for your 72 vaccine program here in the United States of America.
Watch what he has to admit under oath.
It's incredible what happens there.
And, you know, we foy it.
We foy it, Dr. Stanley Plotkin, Aaron Siri, after it happened.
And as we had suspected, we got emails, he left that and said, basically, I think it was an email to Dr. Paul Offit.
I want to say a couple other people at the CDC were in that email chain.
He said, I just had a very disturbing encounter with a lawyer.
at a deposition, nobody is designed to handle this guy.
We are not ready for these questions.
And they built basically an institute to try and teach some medical professionals how to handle Aaron Siri and ICANN and the information we had.
You know, we've been a pain in their butt for some time, but they get, and then, of course, Catherine Edwards, we got her deposition.
She's also one of the authors on Plotkin's Bible on vaccines.
She gets slaughtered in that, where she was there to claim for an autism case that all the vaccines don't cause autism, and then Aaron and Siri go through each one.
Where's the study?
You have a study that shows that this vaccine doesn't cause autism, and she admits as they go down the row.
No studies.
I know this whole idea that there's mountains of evidence.
Oh, this has been studied at nausea.
Vaccines is the one thing we know isn't causing autism.
It all just falls completely flat.
It's like the Wizard of Oz.
It just becomes this pathetic little human being behind a curtain with, you know, there's been blustering through large speakers and megaphones like the television set.
But when they're finally under oath, they got nothing, Steve.
They got nothing, which is why they can't debate.
They can't have a debate because they can't win that debate.
They don't have any information.

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, in facts.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, right.

[SPEAKER_08]
So, so this movie, like how did, how did this thing get started?
Because it, I think it probably started innocently enough, but then we, we have these recordings that we're going to be seeing in the movie that are going to be like, I think I was, I was talking to Aaron Siri earlier and he said, whoa, he haven't seen anything yet on Zervos.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah.
Do you agree with that?
I would, I mean, look, this movie is a bombshell.
It's amazing, you know, the things that Xervos says, which is the heart of this entire story.
And I just want to say, it's what makes this documentary so interesting is it's a study, right?
You get to watch, even though it's, you know, I was thinking about my dinner with Andre for some reason the other day.
I don't know, I'm definitely dating ourselves, but a movie, we're just a conversation.
But this conversation, you get to see a human being that is grappling with something that is outside most of us can understand.
I'm going to leave the viewers of the film to come to their own conclusions.
What we have are the words that he says.
And you can feel his energy around it, but it's a study of human beings, why they make the choices they do, you know.
And in this case, he's saying, this is a good study.
He uses these words.
This is a good study.
I would publish a study just as it is.
But when we, you know, I really drill down on him, he's like, I just, I can't do it.
Uh, because I'll lose my career.
I'll be finished, you know, which is, you know, it's a sad, it's a really, it's a sad, uh, story, if you will, because it's not the first time, Steve.
Let me, how many times, how many guys have you interviewed?
You've been there.
You mean, I, I was introduced to Dr. Robert Malone, but because of that interview that you and Brett Weinstein did together.
I mean, you want to talk about a game changing moment.
That interview I would put up there with Vax and other things as things that just changed the conversation almost overnight made an immediate celebrity out of you and Dr. Malone in the middle of the COVID crisis.
But how many Malones?
How many Peter McCullough's?
how many Dr. Paul Merrick's, how many Pierre Courage, how many Didier Raut's, like, you know, all of these guys that we're doing, we grow up in reading history books about these heroes that stand up against adversity, but in the real world, they lose their license, their silence, their censored, you know, they're struggling to survive some of them right now as we speak, their funding's gone, their job is gone, you know what I mean?
And it's just,
Um, you know, some have done better than others, but it's insane.
You know, you would think after Galileo, we would stop like, you know, imprisoning people for daring to say that maybe we aren't the center of the universe, you know, and instead we've never learned that lesson.
But when you ask, you know, how did this start?
One of the things that I, you know, I don't get into in the film that, you know, I like to say about this is, you know, our movement,
You know, there's a lot of frustration, obviously.
There's a lot of pain.
There's so much that's happened to people.
So much of this movement are not anti-vaxxers.
We call them x-vaxxers.
People that absolutely believed in this system and it hurt them and hurt their children.
Destroyed their lives, but I've been trying to represent in the work I've done from the beginning, you know, a sense of diplomacy on everything that I've always said I wouldn't scream and yell at Paul off it if we had an interview or, you know, any of these guys block in or.
Tony Fauci.
I'm fascinated by human beings.
You know, I want to I want to understand what is it?
Why are we seeing this so differently?
Help me see what I'm not seeing.
You know, and that's really how I've tried to do the interviews I've done on the high wire.
It is who I am in person.
And in some ways, I think this is this is sort of proof of that for me.
How does a guy that's out?
I mean, this happened back in 2016.
I'm traveling the country with vaxed.
You know, we're doing interviews after every show.
Dozens of parents are lining up to tell their own stories.
I have hundreds, you know, hundreds of these incredible interviews.
Ended up being thousands of parents telling their vaccine injury story.
But along the way, I'm passing through Detroit and somebody reaches out.
So when I don't know that's in the movement, say, hey,
I know the head of infectious disease, Dr. Marcus Zobros at Henry Ford Health.
Would you have any interest in having dinner when you're coming in to do your screening?
And that's how it happened.
And I went to dinner.
It was a really lovely dinner.
And I'll never forget, it started out
you know, Dr. Zervos sat down and, and you know, he said to me, you know, I, uh, I watched your film, which look, most doctors were screaming at me the whole time and hadn't even watched the film.
So I was like, Hey, at least this guy took the time to watch the film.
And he said, you know, I watched the film.
It's very compelling, you know, interesting.
He said, but, um, you've been saying something when I knew I was going to have dinner with you.
I've watched some of these YouTube videos and things that are out there of,
you in public and you've been making a statement that I take offense to and that is that you keep saying that they've never done the proper science to say that vaccines are safe and
He said, obviously, I work at Henry Ford.
I'm an epidemiologist.
I get to do all the science.
I do studies.
So we sit on the biggest databases in the world.
So I went to look through those databases so that I could prove to you you're wrong.
And you know what he said to me?
I am shocked that I have to sit across from you and tell you you're right.
We have not done any proper safety studies on the childhood vaccines.
And he said, and look,
Let me be clear, that doesn't mean that vaccines aren't safe, but it does mean we cannot say that they're safe based on science.
And I said, hey, Dr. Zervis, that's all I'm saying.
I'm just saying they can't make the claim they're making because they have no science to back it up.
He's like, I know that's an accurate statement.
By the way, he's still, if you see the film, he still stands by that.
I rehashed this story and he still stands by, you know, the fact that there's never been safety studies on vaccines.
So that's the heart of this whole deal.
What are we doing injecting children with 72 products
that a world-renowned scientist like this would have to say has never been to a safety study.
That's what puts us in this position.
But to finish up my point on this, Steve, I was cordial.
I was nice.
It was a lovely dinner.
We shared our differences.
We shared the things that we agreed upon.
And he ended up saying, I don't know what I could do for you, Del.
I believe in vaccines.
And I said, well, look,
Would you ever do a vaccinated versus unvaccinated comparative study?"
And he said, yeah, sure, I could do that study.
And I warned him then.
I said, well, if you're serious,
If this study was to turn out the way I think it might, it could be really harmful to your career.
And he said, I follow the data where it leads me.
I don't work my career that way.
And besides, I'm about ready to retire.
I mean, that was 2016.
He still hasn't retired.
I kept reaching out, you know, every once in a while, just put out a little call, hey, how's that study?
And then eventually, I think it was in 2018, I grabbed Aaron Siri and we flew into Detroit and had a meeting with him and said, dude, why don't you do this study?
Why don't you prove us wrong?
Like, I mean, this is the big conversation.
We're in a practice civil war in America over this and we shouldn't be.
It's just science.
Just do this study, improve us wrong, show us at the back of your health here and
Lo and behold, 2020 got a call from Aaron.
He did the study on one problem.
He's not going to publish it.
but it's a testament to, you know, it's a testament though, at least the study got done because I didn't scream and yell at this guy, right?
I didn't, I didn't call him names.
I developed a relationship and I really, I attempt, I'm in, trying to have those relationships with many of these newspaper reporters that attack me all the time.
They come to these events now and I say hi and say their name and, and I just keep saying, I guess I haven't gone through to you yet, man.
I don't know how, I don't know how you're still hanging in.
because your program is falling apart all around you.
What keeps you going?
But keep coming.
Keep coming to my films.
Keep coming to the things we're doing.
Eventually, you know, I know where I'm going to stand in the history books, you know, and not as, you know, just as a fact that Dave, I know where we're at on this.
I've seen too much science and so have you.
It's just not a mystery.
It's not a mystery if you look into it.

[SPEAKER_08]
Have you turned around any of these reporters that you talked to where they started off on one side and now they're on the other side?
Can you name one reporter?

[SPEAKER_11]
I can't name one that has fully turned around.
I have, I will say I've watched several of them soften their language.
We are getting better reporting now.
They are, you know, putting out my entire quote, mostly because very early on I just started recording my interviews with them.
I said, look, I've recorded this and I'll put the entire recording out to the public if you don't quote me accurately.
And so,
Um, I don't do that anymore because I think we're past that point, but it did.
There was a couple of times I was misquoted.
I put the video up, you know, and so, um, I've used tactics like that to just demand honesty, which is all that we can have here.
Um, I do feel like there's a couple of reporters that I can tell it's really starting to bother them.
I can see it in their eyes.
I can see it bothers them that they, I keep saying, these are what I keep saying to every one of them.
Look.
I keep reading in your paper in these news agencies that this idea that there are no placebo trials of any of the childhood vaccines that has been debunked or experts say, I don't know how you're letting yourself say that.
Because what would Watergate be if Woodward and Bernstein said, hey, we called the expert.
We called Nixon.
He said, they didn't tap any phones in Watergate.
That's how you're doing news now.

[SPEAKER_08]
That's a great analogy.

[SPEAKER_11]
That's something to you.
I want you and I say this to everyone of them now.
I want you next time.
You're going to try and write that.
I want you to take the next step, the step you're supposed to and say there's only 16 vaccines given in 72 doses.
hand knee the 16 placebo trials that establish safety for these vaccines.
It's really simple.
I said, or you could just do your own homework and type in FDA licensed vaccines and Google it and then just go read the vaccine insert yourself.
But the fact that you're allowing yourself
to quote experts that cannot hand you the science should really start to bother you.
It should bother you that I'm kicking your butt so hard in this conversation because I keep putting out science and you've got nothing but bloviating, you know, bravado and loudspeak.

[SPEAKER_08]
So let me ask you a question.
Paul off at Peter Hotez, Peter Marks, Tony Fauci.
Do you think that
They all of them believe the bullshit about COVID vaccines, vaccines in general.
Do you think they are simply clueless and not willing to look at anything that goes against their belief system?
Or do you think that they know the truth and they have to play their role otherwise they're gonna lose their position?

[SPEAKER_11]
You know, I interviewed Dr. Elizabeth Mumper today on the show, and I asked right in the off the record conversation, I asked her exactly that.
Do you think Paul Offit believed that he doesn't even know?
that an MMR can cause autism.
And she said, I've met him.
I don't think he sees it.
She's like, I think he believes what he's saying.
Of course we've caught him, right?
We've caught him on camera behind the scenes at one event where he says you really can't say that the MMR doesn't cause autism.
But if you're in front of a news camera, you better say it because we can't look like there's a door that's being left open.
So he's got that level of understanding on it that they know the science hasn't fully proven that.
Um, but you know, I think I've seen some writings, um, where people have drilled in on Stanley Plotkin and here's what I think is going on.
I think first of all, most of these people are atheists and not to make this religious, but they, they see that, you know, they have a fear of nature.
They have a fear of disease.
Uh, in, in office case, my understanding, you know, unfortunately was as a child, I think he had polio.
I think he ended up in the hospital.
He's talked about how lonely and scary that was.
It's obviously affected him, uh, his entire life and he doesn't want anyone else to, to go through that experience.
But when you look at Stanley Plotkin, there's a couple of times where people drill in and say, look, you have to admit, no vaccine is perfect.
It's injuring some people, some children are dying.
And he ultimately says something to the effect, we are at a war with nature.
you know and yes some children and some people get injured uh by vaccines but that is a casualty that is an accepted casualty of our war against nature but one day one day we will get this right one day we will find the secret you know to vaccination and we will never get sick again we will win this battle against nature and that is
That's the insanity, I think, that consumes these people, this.
And in some ways, they see it as a dream.
They want to be these heroes.
They want to be remembered in history.
They see it.
We all talking these sorts of terms, right?
A change that I might not see in my generation.
But one day, we'll reach this nirvana, this pinnacle.
We'll find Shangri-La.
And the world will remember that we died on the sword to make that happen.
That is what they think they're a part of, right?
anything else that doesn't fit their hero narrative, their God complex, they just write it off.
They can't see it and they just throw in a bucket of, sure, there's a couple of problems over there, but we're not going to look at it.
And I think that's really the heart of what's going on here.
They are intoxicated by their own dream of being God-like and making human beings more powerful
than they originally were to make them better, right?
And I think if you look at AI, the world you come from and a lot of where, you know, technologies are going, there's that same level of intoxication with the power to make cyborgs or park human or in
plant, you know, neurochips and make us, you know, even better than we already were so we can compete in the world ahead.
I mean, this is, you know, this is in many ways biblical.
We've talked about that hubris and that ego.
If you want to call it, you know, evil or satanic, I think all of those things play in, which is what as a journalist makes this journey and this investigation so utterly fascinating because it encompasses all
um, of the, the, the desires of human beings.

[SPEAKER_08]
So do you think, uh, you've done a lot of films.
So you think this is going to be your best film ever?
Do you have any sense for that?
Cause there's, there are going to be some explosive things in this film that nobody's ever seen before.

[SPEAKER_11]
You know, I have learned my dad, you know, I grew up, you know, my parents were in theater when they were young.
My dad's a writer ultimately became a minister, but they kind of taught me early on,
to just do your best work and then don't watch it, you know, don't watch your own performance.
Don't, don't get ahead of yourself.
Um, I'll say this, this thing happened so fast, Steve, when it really was built on.
When I mean, you know, the fact that Ron Johnson was going to take this study and make it public, there was really no way for it to be public.
So we were, I kept trying to get it published.
Can we get real, you know, how did we get something to happen?
But once that, that door opened up, that there was a way that the public was going to see this study.
We didn't have a lot of time to make a documentary.
And so I was concerned that, you know, normally I would want at least a year for a film like this.
Instead, we've done it in probably a fourth of that amount of time.
But Steve, I watched the cut as it's just finished up right now, two nights ago.
I had tears in my eyes.
I felt very much like I did with Vaxx, which is I don't know how my incredibly talented team pulled this off.
Um, I think the movie is, you know, I was saying, you know, I'm going to have to stand by it no matter what it is.
We are only going to have the time.
We didn't want this story to die after the hearing.
We knew we only had a certain amount of time, but could we have a compelling story?
Could we have a film?
that really hit all the beats.
I'm really proud of how this has turned out.
I do think it's effective.
I think it's going to move people.
Will it be the best ever?
I mean, that's in God's hands, how this goes.
And it's also in the people's hands, right?
If the people clamor, they feel it, they see it, they watch it, and they decide, you know what, I've got to share this with my brother, my sister, the family member, everyone I know, then that is going to be what it is.
I've done my job.
And I remember when I watched the final version of Vaxxed, I had a similar feeling.
And I just thought, I don't know, like that film is better than anyone that I know was sitting in the room that made it.
And I've heard of Sculptor's talk about how they take the stone and they're just removing the stone that the sculpture was always there.
I think good filmmaking like that.
And in some ways, this thing came together beautifully with the time we had
It just has fallen into place and I feel like it really very is very effective at explaining in many ways the seven or eight years of investigation of the high wires done.
This it's packed into a way you can understand it and really get it.
in less than 90 minutes.
This is a quick and powerful hit.
So, you know, is it the best ever?
I'm proud of it, Steve.
I think it's a great film.
And I think it's going to, I think it's going to save a lot of people's lives, especially if people get behind it and do their best to share it with everyone they know.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.
So I'm amazed on how fast you put this film together.
Obviously you had the footage that you gathered
at the time of the events that were happening, which, of course, if you hadn't have done that, then this film would not have been possible.
But you basically took all of that footage then and put it together into this movie, and that's
in a very short amount of time.
So that is super impressive.
I wanted to ask you, who funded the Zervo study?
Did they fund it themselves or did I can't fund it?
Who funded the study?

[SPEAKER_11]
I mean, and I've seen it, you know, I've seen it stated in the CIS and the CIS, or at least in one of the articles about this, that we commissioned the study.
I looked up the word commission, I guess, on the far outside reaches of
Hey buddy, why are you proving me wrong and do this study?
I guess you could call that commissioning, but that's the entire involvement that exists here.
I have no idea.
I'm assuming the funding was just the funding that he always has to do whatever studies he wants to do it for.

[SPEAKER_08]
No conflict of interest there.

[SPEAKER_11]
No.

[SPEAKER_08]
So, the study itself, I tried looking for it and I could see parts of it in Aaron's series written testimony that he submitted.
But where is the
Is this is there a link to the study posted anywhere so people can read the study and it will it be submitted to peer reviewed journals for publication or will it be just a here's the study and we're not going to publish it because Henry Ford says it's not up to their quality standards?

[SPEAKER_11]
You know, those are really good questions.
If you sent me a couple of them ahead of time, I would have been prepared.
There is a link.
I don't have it on me.
Um, I will, uh, I know that Senator Ron Johnson, I believe if you go to, you know, his portal on, um, I believe he's got it posted.
He's the one that put it out and published it to the Senate website.
Lots of people have it.
Uh, Brian Hockery shot me.
He's got a copy.
People are reading it, looking through it.
Um, where that link is, of course, I have a copy because it's printed out and handed to me.
Um,
But I'll try to make sure that we get you that information so that you can get it to everybody that wants to read it.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, definitely post it on the website.
I think that'd be really, you know, and we'll all peer review it for you.
Yeah, because it's certainly never, certainly never going to get in any journal, that's for sure.

[SPEAKER_11]
I mean, I don't know the rules around all of that stuff.
Again, I'm approaching this the only way I know how, which is I'm a filmmaker.
This study is there.
We see what it is.
I think it's a compelling story about how it came about.
and what's happened to it and what's going on now and ultimately a little like all good films especially you know films that document things like this I think it's up you know that the audience has to decide and doctors should read it I want scientists to look at it my dream my my dream honestly I mean Henry Ford in their you know complaint or cease and desist letter
I mean, their complaint is that we're saying the film wasn't published because of the results.
And I want to be clear.
I'm saying that because that's what Dr. Zervos said to me in this hidden camera footage.
It's a good study.
I'd publish it just as it is.
So those are his words, not mine.
Why won't you publish it?
Because I'd be finished.
My career would be over, his words.
So I think they're in a very difficult place in that
You know, if you want to argue, you know, any sort of defamation, you have to deal with the fact that the lead scientist is the one I'm quoting and why I have the belief I do.
But genuinely, I wish they would submit it.
I mean, my thing is, why not submit it to peer review?
I get it.
You know, whether or not you think this, they're saying the reason it wasn't published was this, it's not good science.
It's poorly done.
I'm like, interesting.
I mean, it's poorly done by your head of infectious disease that ran your maternal trials and that's shocking and he's saying he thinks it's a good study.
So that's up to them to figure out whatever is going on there.
I'm not in there.
But look, I would love for them to submit it to peer review and let real objective peers.
I mean, that would be awesome if the public pressure out is saying, hey, why don't you hand it to, you know, 10 scientists from both sides, you know, and take a look at it and see what happens.
See what happens.
Let's see what happens.
That's what's starting.
Absolutely.
supposed to be, you know?
And by the way, by the way, I just want to say this, as they argue, oh, the size of the group or this and that, let's remember, Steve, that the Hepatitis B vaccine that is finally a debate in this country, there was only 147 children in that study.
So the size of the unvaccinated group, they said, was small.
Smaller than 147?
No, it's nearly 2,000 people in this forward study.
But Hepatitis B always find that it was only 147 kids.
And then one of the other complaints, you know, is that, you know, the follow-up period wasn't as long for unvaccinated.
These are issues.
These are issues you have when you're retrospectively looking back at people, but shorter than five days?
I mean, hepatitis B was approved for safety with a five-day follow-up.
So this is why I have, you know, this on top of what Zervos is saying is why I have the opinion that I do, which is if this study had been reversed,
If it showed the reverse, if we saw this and it said that the unvaccinated were 2.5 times more likely to have a... New England Journal of Medicine.
That they were six times more likely to have a neurodevelopment disorder.
This would have not only been rushed at peer review, it would have gone straight to the biggest paper and right past that to New York Times, Washington Post, CNN, MSNBC, we proved it back to make you healthier.
So that's my opinion.

[SPEAKER_08]
Totally.
Totally.
No doubt about it.

[SPEAKER_10]
All right, Livio.
I got to step in because we're running a little short on time, but I did want to follow up on what you're talking about in that is it possible that this film, while Bobby is in his position, RFK Jr., could lead to some fresh, brand new studies that could actually finally get the real safety study that we all want to see and hear about?

[SPEAKER_11]
Well, that's what I love about the timing of this.
And it's one of the things that really inspired me.
I think that just the understanding, if all this film does is it gets out to hundreds of millions of people to understand what a vaccinated versus unvaccinated study is, why it's important, why since we skipped all the placebo based trials prior to licensure, all we're left with is some form of retrospective study.
I want people to understand that.
Because I do and that will help Bobby who is I think as we speak working on databases.
I think you're going to see them.
I think I think that based on when you watch that Tylenol announcement that he made connected with autism.
I watched my president United States Donald Trump.
wanting answers on this issue.
This film will help people like President Trump.
Now, hey, we need vaccinated versus unvaccinated studies.
Let's not just worry about how good the data was at Henry Ford.
Let's get the best data in the world.
Let's do the biggest, best study in the world.
I can't wait to hear Donald Trump say that, right?
It's going to be the best study, the biggest study, the biggest study that's ever been done comparing these two groups of people.
I believe this movie, if everyone shares it, that public pressure and that noise gets out.
So that we're all ready for that moment when it happens.
I think this movie is going to prime the pump for a much larger, even bigger study.
President Trump, I'm talking to you.
Bobby already knows what I think about this.
And I know he's working at it, but it would be really great to see that happen.
And I really hope this helps sort of move people to understand why that is.

[SPEAKER_10]
Totally.
from your lips to Trump's ears.
That would be a fantastic.

[SPEAKER_08]
There you go.
Yeah.
And VSRF is the best way.
That's the best vehicle to get the message.

[SPEAKER_11]
I know he's watching you, Steve.
I know he's watching this.

[SPEAKER_08]
Oh, he watches every episode.
Are you kidding me?

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.
Well, I want to bring in our next guests.
We've got David Katz, the founder of the Malibu Film Foundation and Nikki Carboneta, creative director for Malibu Film Festival, which launched in 1999 to showcase independent and international cinema in the Malibu community.
And under their leadership, the festival has grown into a celebrated annual event screening dozens of feature length
and short films across multiple genres while supporting emerging filmmakers through grants, production services, and mentorship.
Nikki and David, welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you this evening?
And thank you for joining us.

[SPEAKER_06]
Great, Livio.
Thank you for having us.
It's good to see you.
We are honored and humbled to be in service to you, to Steve, to Dell, and all of these fantastic freedom fighters and truth tellers.

[SPEAKER_07]
It's great to be here.
Thank you for your energy and your expertise and your knowledge.

[SPEAKER_10]
It's an honor to have you here.
And as a fellow filmmaker and former editor in the propaganda industry, I applaud your work because there's no other film festival or any other platform
that's putting out films like what Dell just produced and is about to premiere.
You've premiered Mickey Willis's films, several of his films, and what kind of, hey, you're fearless.
Have you received a pushback, especially in the hub of Los Angeles, of the production world?
How are you able to pull this off?
Because with all the censorship we've experienced and just suppression,
of arts in this, you know, our community.
How are you able to pull this off?

[SPEAKER_07]
It's regarding pushback Malibu Film Festival does get pushback.
We premiere and we program films making bold choices that make sponsors run.
And, you know, we're not about the bottom line.
Yeah, run away.
Not towards.

[SPEAKER_10]
We're running court clarification.

[SPEAKER_07]
So pushback, yeah, the industry isn't ready for acceptance.
The industry is still stuck in the bottom line and they're not interested in listening to the truth.
So until we are the majority and we're not right now, we want to keep on screaming as much as we can until people listen.

[SPEAKER_10]
And how did you get the DGA, the Director's Guild of America, to house your film festivals?
That's amazing.
It's such a beautiful place, beautiful venue.
How are you able to secure that venue?

[SPEAKER_06]
It's a delicate situation.
We are DGA members, so we still want to honor their legacy.
However, they have launched a campaign to not censor people.
And so we're grateful that we've been able to live there as long as we have.
We've been censored a lot.
I've been censored a lot.
I work on set for 20 some odd seasons.
I was on a ginormous reality competition show.
And to piggyback on what Dell was saying, I tried to circulate that fateful podcast, Steve, where you were on the dark horse that was so important to me early on.
And I tried to broadcast it from the mountaintops.
I wanted all of my colleagues to watch it.
And the looks that people would give me, I must have thought I was from some other planet.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah.
So we realized there was a platform here and that we could do something good and service to the greater good.
And so we made a choice to pivot and use our platform in the way that we can sleep at night.
And that's, you know, we're not all the same and we can't change everybody's minds, but we can definitely influence them by showing them, letting them make their own decisions.

[SPEAKER_10]
And excellent.
And how did you get connected with Dell and an inconvenience study?
And he was just telling us how quickly this film came together.
I'm still astounded as an editor to cut a documentary like this in such a short amount of time is like overwhelming.
And how did you connect with Dell?
How did it all come together so fast?

[SPEAKER_07]
Well, I think we have to thank Elon Musk for that, um, as he bought Twitter and, uh, we were able to reach out and through the DM or we actually tweeted.
to Dell directly.

[SPEAKER_06]
We're filmmakers and we are film fans.

[SPEAKER_07]
It's part of our rebellious being.
We want to go against the mainstream because the mainstream has their heads in the wrong place.
It's a challenge to not get stuck in that film festival circuit where you're just screening the same film the last festival did.
And we don't want to waste our time doing that.

[SPEAKER_06]
We started out in 1997 doing that.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, in 1997, we were honoring James Cameron and John Frankenheimer, Malcolm McDowell, Sherman to play.
And we were having stretch hymen limousines at castle parties in Malibu.
But at the end of the day,
all you had was a hangover and you know.

[SPEAKER_06]
Some glitter stuck on you.

[SPEAKER_07]
Exactly.
So now we're doing something that we feel good about.
We're proud to be part of your history and part of Steve and Livio and BSRF and the High Wire and Delft Big Tree and Chris Armstrong.
All of you guys are doing such amazing work and we're just proud to be here to help elevate your message.

[SPEAKER_11]
Fantastic.
And we're so thankful for you guys in many ways, right?
And this is what I keep saying when people come up to me, what can I do?
What is it I, you know, I want to contribute.
I say, look, you have special gifts that are yours and you need to, you know, I believe inside of us, we're all being told what to do.
It's just, it's scary for a lot of people to take that next step, to make that step and say, I don't know how this is going to work.
I'm just going to do it.
And that's what Nikki and David have done.
with the specials, what Steve has done, you know, with BSRF and ULIVIO, you know, all we are, I mean, I hope all we are is just representations to every human being out there.
that just do what you're being guided to do.
There's something inside of you that is trying to lead you to your most dynamic life and when Steve at the top of the show says thank you for your sacrifice, it's something I really like to try and correct because I think it's a part of the brainwashing we have that somehow if you live a life that's passionate or
you know is dedicated to delivering truth somehow that's a sacrifice and it's just not true i wish you know anybody could hop in my body for a couple of days and know what it's like to live a week like i'm having to see you know a film festival like malibu film festival you know tweet out hey del we'd love to have your film here what that feels like and then you reach out and then you go oh my god this kills a bunch of
first of one stone we're a little bit short on time we promised everybody october 3rd this gives us an excuse to get another week of editing it on this film or we're going to be at the Malibu film festival you know so um everything you know i always say and i know the question was like how does this end where's it going how big is it going to be none of that is in my hands what is in my hands is what i can do next
I'm sure, you know, Nikki and David, you're where you're at.
And I think all of us can say that's really the message.
Do the next right thing.
And then one day you look up and mountains have moved out of the way.
It's really incredible and feels so honored to be at this festival.
There's nowhere else in the world we'd rather be with this film.

[SPEAKER_06]
We're delighted to make some noise for your important film.

[SPEAKER_11]
All right.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_10]
I want to just share my screen here and put up the link to the Malibu Film Festival, MalibuFilmFestival.com.

[SPEAKER_08]
Be sure to bring your camera just like that one.

[SPEAKER_10]
They give you a discount if you bring your camera.
And opening film is an inconvenient study.
Here's the website.
You can read all about it.
It'll be not 11 o'clock in the morning is the film start, but there will be a 9 30 a.m.
Doors and red carpet opening and an immediate following the film a panel discussion featuring Dell big tree and other special guests and it's going to be moderated by Jimmy door.
I'm just realizing that right now.
Wow.
How about that?
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_10]
Dang.
So if you're in the Los Angeles area, get your tickets now.
It's a beautiful venue.
It's a powerful film from Adele has told us tonight.
I haven't seen it yet.

[SPEAKER_07]
I'm sure you'll not be disappointed.

[SPEAKER_10]
You gotta not be disappointed on this one.
I'm going to get to a couple of quick questions.
I know you got to go, but let me get real quick.

[SPEAKER_11]
Before you do, I, you know, I got text here from my team.
Hey, Dell, the study is on our website.
So just go to an inconvenient study.com.
You can download it there.
So I thought my whole team was totally dedicated to making this film.
Apparently a few elves have even been working on the website.
So.

[SPEAKER_08]
That's awesome.
So, by the way, were you inspired by Al Gore's inconvenient truth?

[SPEAKER_11]
You know, there's a reason we, you know, decided to sort of piggyback on that idea for sure.
In some ways, it's tongue in cheek.
And I will tell you, it's, you know, with cease and desist letters and all the things that are going on, it's proven to be somewhat inconvenient.

[SPEAKER_10]
I have not proved this.
I'm just going to go right through here.
All right.
Not sure if you've covered this, but Janet wants to know what made you question vaccines?
What started your journey into medical freedom?

[SPEAKER_11]
Um, you know, in all honesty, that goes all the way back to my parents.
Um, I wasn't vaccinated as a child.
My parents were, you know, hippies marched in the 1960s in Chicago.
I grew up, I mean, I always say part of what makes me who I am.
And when my parents are, you know, I'm talking to them, I mean, my parents raised me on stories of Abby Hoffman and the Chicago seven and had me reading Brave New World in, you know, 1984.
And so,
I, you know, I don't know, at one point my dad says, Oh my God, I feel like I put you up to this.
We probably should have given you more balance, you know, and the things you're saying.
But when it came to the vaccine issue, I wasn't vaccinated.
It wasn't something I thought a lot about.
I do remember being in, in my, um, principal's office, uh, in high school, trying to get in that high school.
And they were saying he's not allowed in and my mom would shoot.
And one of the things I loved about her is she was a real freedom fighter through and through still is.
One of the most, you know, I think dynamic and outspoken human beings you'll ever meet, but she took us as kids right into the conflict.
She didn't do it, you know, quietly went to the, she would say, come on, we got an issue with your teacher.
Come on, we got an issue.
And she bought it out right there in the office.
And I remember him saying, you have to be vaccinated to be in this school.
We're in Colorado.
And she's like, no, we don't actually, there's a religious exemption, by the way.
and we're going to use it.
She's like, but let me ask you something.
You think vaccines work?
You believe they work?
He's like, yeah, of course they do.
She's like, great.
And everyone here is vaccinated.
He's like, yeah, great.
So they go, then what harm is my son going to be here?
He's the only one not vaccinated.
Apparently if he can't hurt them, they can't, you know, then they're not going to catch any diseases.
If it works, then what is the problem?
And he's like, can I, I.
Uh, uh, all right.
And so I got in.
So I watched my mom debate this at a very early time, but, you know, I ended up on work on the medical talk show, the doctors.
My career took me in a really crazy direction.
I had kind of forgotten about all of that.
until I stumbled onto the CDC will sublore at the heart of vaxed.
And that started, I mean, that changed my life.
That started an investigation.
I spent a year with Andy Wakefield in an editing bay in Austin, Texas.
But I remember calling my mom and say, mom, I mean, I don't know why you did this decision to not vaccinate us.
I know it was just sort of, she just kind of had a bad feeling about it.
I was like, you have no idea how brilliant that decision was.
Uh, the science is on your side and I'm going to prove it.
So, uh, it wasn't my plan, but it certainly is something that, um, I've been happy to do this investigation on.
I'm really dedicated to it.
I think for many reasons like that.
So that's where it started.

[SPEAKER_10]
Incredible story.
Question from Lisa Dell.
Did the Ford study look at autism as a possible adverse effect of childhood vaccines?
And why is the autism word not mentioned at all in the study results?

[SPEAKER_11]
So if you read the study, you will see there is an autism line.
It was one of the questions that was asked.
It's something that we address in the film.
It ends up really not being statistically significant.
The truth is that just not enough children with autism in either the vaccinated group or the unvaccinated group, you would need a larger group of children to really answer that question.
which is why I think what this shows is we need bigger studies than this one.
This is a big one.
It needs to be even bigger to really capture and understanding that.
But when you see the size of the neurodevelopmental disorder columns and other things around that, I think what you see is there's clearly an issue that probably gets tied in there.
But autism, unfortunately on this one, we do not get a definitive answer.

[SPEAKER_10]
Question from Dr. Laura.
What is RFK doing to stand with Burla or standing with Burla and Trump to get money for more mRNA vaxes made in America?

[SPEAKER_11]
You know, Bobby's got the hardest job in the world.
I mean, I was a part of it.
I was director of communications, getting him there.
He's the only one designed that I know of.
I couldn't do it.
Some of us have talked about it takes a very special person to be able to stand in a political system and understand how to get anything done.
Um, he's got, I think maybe it's still 60,000, maybe it's been reduced to 50,000 employees, 99% of which probably don't want him to achieve anything at all.
Uh, you've also got, you know, the desires of President Trump, some of them we know, some of them we may not.
So you've got to try and, you know, keep everybody happy that you're working with and for try to figure out who's undermining you, what's going on.
But also you've got to win over the American people and I think if you look at some of the things that that Bobby's done I think he's playing this, you know brilliantly right now.
There are there's a huge I mean, you know 76% of America has a chronic disease now That was just the CDC report just three or four weeks ago.
That is shocking.
That is so terrific
It goes beyond anything we can wrap our heads around.
But that means there are a lot of people on drugs just to get to the day.
And one of the things that Bobby would say in his speeches that I thought was so profound and it was a real driving force was, you know, a healthy person has a thousand dreams.
A sick person only has one.
Bobby is HHS secretary for those sick people too.
And he's not, you know, he's not there.
He can't prescribe to them.
But what he can say is, yeah, I certainly have got a lightness burden on you.
I think Donald Trump has been dedicated to this many elderly.
So when you look at them reducing the cost of drugs for Medicaid, Medicare, I mean, it's over nearly a hundred million people are going to see relief on the costs that are coming their way.
And how many, you know, administrations have we watched promise
They were going to lower the cost of drugs and never did it.
And when I watch things like this, these moments with President Trump and Bobby coming together is truly spectacular.
They've done more at this HHS with health.
than every HHS secretary in my lifetime put together, and it's only been one year.
I think this is a great move.
I don't take drugs.
I don't plan on ever taking drugs.
My parents, my doc, you know, my mom had to have a surgery recently at 80 something years old.
They're like, you're not in any drugs.
They're like, no, none.
And they're like, no, come on, what?
Some drugs, none.
They've never seen an 80-year-old that's not on drugs.
So there is a way to live that way.
Bobby is HHS secretary for the whole country.
Donald Trump is is president for the whole country for people that believe in drugs and those that never want to use drugs.
I think Trump is really sort of beautifully stood in that he funds research for vaccines and those that want to do that research he you know in COVID.
He went out and found, not only looked for repurposed drugs to try and deal with the situation when he found Hydroxychloroquine, like a true general man charged at bombing, took Hydroxychloroquine himself and showed the world he believed it was so safe that he was taking it himself.
He's a special individual.
So is Bobby.
I think you have to have a little trust.
There's a lot of chess that has to be played here.
How many Americans this week
just said, oh my god, he reduced my drug cost.
That's not what I was expecting from who I was told the crazy guy.
I've been promised someone was going to take care of me for years, and now Bobby Kennedy's done it.
And how about all those people that knew that Tylenol was bad?
They may believe in vaccines, but said, you know, there's a lot of doctors like Tylenol is not a great product.
It's dangerous.
Oh my god, I'm siding with Robert Kenyon.
He's right on this.
These are wins.
This is how you move the consciousness of a country, because I'm telling you,
you know when our government finally does do what I hope is that that robust vaccinated versus unvaccinated study in a massive database I think you'll put a team of scientists from all sides that will be able to trust it but you want America ready to be open-minded and so there are steps to getting there and it's not just my way or the highway that is a sand painting that blows away when the next administration comes in
Bobby is trying to make lasting change, which means he needs to win both sides on this.
And I think it's slower than any of us want.
We all want that change overnight.
But this guy is the most brilliant person I've ever met.
He is by far, I think one of the most talented politicians we've ever seen.
And that is what is involved in now.
And when you look, look at his ratings.
He, did you know that he has the highest favorability rating of everyone in American politics right now?
Uh, that's, that's pretty incredible.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.
You don't see, you don't hear about that on CNN or read about that in your times for some reason.

[SPEAKER_10]
No, you don't.
No, they only published the reverse polls that they're selectively done in in blues.
That was so brilliantly stated.
Dell, thank you for framing that that way, because it is challenging for a lot of people on our side to see burly in the room with them.
But I agree with you.
I mean, you have to walk that tightrope.
and play to both sides.
You have to help both sides.
Any final thoughts, Dell, Nikki and David, before I let you get on with the rest of your evenings?

[SPEAKER_08]
I got a question.
What is Marcus Zervos going to do when he sees this film?
Does he have any clue as to what is going to happen?

[SPEAKER_11]
Well, I mean, look, I think if you're a reasonable person, you have to assume at the moment that Henry Ford is sending a cease and desist letter, and then they're watching me read it on the show, probably not the response they were expecting.
And then I say, you know, the reason I haven't shared these thoughts is because I actually recorded, you know,
Dr. Zervos in a conversation.
It was after that season to assist that we first released the footage that showed all of the things that Dr. Zervos would say, at least the things that are in the trailer, even more to come inside of the film.
So I assure you that there are a lot of heavy conversations.
You have to assume there's emails being looked at, there's all sorts of stuff going on.
And, you know, I really, I want to say this,
I think people are going to have their opinions.
A couple of people have looked at this are really angry Zervos.
Others feel sympathy.
That's for people to decide.
But Dr. Zervos is a very talented scientist.
I believe when he says this is a good study, I know he's a guy that knows what a good study is.
And one of the things that I would say is heroes are, this guy was not a star football player.
He didn't go out and get tackled for a living.
He went into science and I think what it, you know, obviously, um, he was afraid of something and not willing to stand up to it.
And, um, you know, you can blame someone for not being a hero, but I know a lot of people that just, you know, literally bent over and took the vaccine.
They didn't want just to hold onto their job.
So, and I always say to everybody before you judge anybody,
you know, were you at a family dinner or a Thanksgiving dinner where you knew the truth about the COVID vaccine, but you didn't want to mess up the day or make bad vibes.
So you let it go.
And those family members went on to get those vaccines.
We're all complicit in having looked the other way and not.
And I put myself in that category.
I mean, I'm pretty outspoken.
I feel good about a lot of things, but I really, I kind of think about Jesus, you know, let he was,
without sin cast the first stone.
I think there's a lot of people that are going to judge Dr. Zervos, but every one of us has had a moment where we came up short when it came to courage and doing what was right.
This is one of those unfortunate moments, but I hope that he grows from this experience.
I hope that he goes on to do great science.
I pray that Henry Ford doesn't fire him
I think that that would really be a shame.
And I think it would, nothing would speak more volumes to who they are than how they treat him.
And so I hope they treat them well.

[SPEAKER_08]
What was the context of the cease and desist order from Henry Ford?

[SPEAKER_11]
The accusation is defamation that they're essentially saying that because we're claiming that the study wasn't published because of the results.
that that could hurt their, you know, hurt their reputation.
They're saying it wasn't published.
It's a bad study.
And then they lay out a few points, most of which are all dealt with in the film.

[SPEAKER_08]
So I'll let people... Well, so they could be sued for defamation then, by Zervos.

[SPEAKER_11]
No, I don't, I don't... You mean, could we sue them?

[SPEAKER_08]
No, no, could Zervos sue them for defamation saying that it's a bad study?

[SPEAKER_11]
That's an interesting thought, Steve.
I don't know.
Again, I'm a filmmaker.

[SPEAKER_08]
I'm a journalist.
Okay, so one final question, which is how do you think, you know, Zervos and Henry Ford have an opportunity to react and they can react by denial or they could react by saying, look,
This was a good study.
This is done right.
It's time to face the music.
They could be heroes if they were to do the right thing and say, we stand by this study.
This is what the study says.
Wouldn't that be just amazing if they decided to do that?
Now, I know there's no chance, you know, we'll ever see that.
But wouldn't it be, you know, I like to dream that wouldn't it be amazing if somebody would do the right thing because Zervos could?

[SPEAKER_11]
Zervos could, I believe Zervos could.
And, you know, it would be amazing.
I don't like to think that that's never going to happen.
I think Robert Malone did happen.
I think Peter McCullough that did happen.
I think in many of these world renowned scientists that stood up.
Um, that did happen.
They, there are doctors that, you know, do recognize, I have something I can, I got to do here.
I got to tell the truth.
Um, I'd love to see that happen.
You know, will it, will this film make that more possible or make it less possible?
You know, at a certain point after many years of waiting for something to happen with this, um, the time obviously, you know, was right.
We decided people need to know about this.
I'm glad I happened to have recorded, you know, um, Dr. Zervos in that conversation.
It's, you know, I didn't know why, but I just felt like that was important information to have.
And now it's going to, it's proven to be very important that we see what he thought of the study and that's at the heart of this film.
And, you know, I just want to say this too, like we can get really caught up in the controversy.
We're all, you know, sort of into drama and, you know, all the drama around it.
The drama here is that more than half of America's children are suffering from chronic illness, their entire lives.
They're going on drugs and infancy.
that one in four is leaving elementary school and drug, they'll be on the rest of their lives.
We're getting sicker and sicker and sicker.
And our species is in danger now.
And you have people say, well, there's no way to study.
We won't do the study.
And here's I think the point to be made.
Why is it?
that no one from the pro vaccine side has been able to do a very simple comparative study of vaccinated versus unvaccinated and show us the vaccinated are actually healthier.
I think that that's the thing this film is going to leave people thinking about.
And it's the question of our time.
This film is going to deliver it in a very powerful way.
I only mean the best.
I think Henry Ford will go on to do brilliant studies.
We will all use some drug or something at some time that saves our lives because Henry Ford is there.
I hope that Dr. Zervos gets to do great studies, but I'd like to see this culture change.
I'd like there to not be fear around certain topics.
I'd like the pharmaceutical industry to not have so much control over the studies that are done and the studies that are published.
We need a better way.
I know Robert Kennedy Jr. is working on it, how much he'll get done.
We're all in this together, but we're all on this boat together.
These are our kids.
More important than Zervos, more important than Henry Ford, more important than any controversy, Dell, Big Tree, any of it.
Our kids are sick and I don't think they need to be.
I think they could be so healthy right now.
We've clean running water, we've figured out sewage and food and refrigeration
You know, if we could start having more in effect and a voice as citizens in what is supposed to be a free country, we could lead the world and show what is possible now.
We shouldn't be the sickest.
We should be the brightest and the healthiest.
And there is a group of children in these studies that are bright and they are healthy.

[SPEAKER_08]
Wouldn't it be fantastic if Marcus Zervos attended your premiere?
And at the end,
went up in front of the audience and said, I'm going to stand by this study and I'm going to get this study published and we're going to tell the truth.
Wouldn't that be amazing?

[SPEAKER_07]
If you have his Twitter account, we'll reach out.

[SPEAKER_10]
It's an invite and a ticket.

[SPEAKER_06]
So I just want to add, at the end of the day, a film is just words over moving pictures.
And I got back to the time when we're not so afraid of words.
Just come listen to the words and you have discernment.
Use your own discernment.
If they resonate with you, wonderful.
Throw it away.

[SPEAKER_10]
One final comment from the audience.
Huge thank you to David and Nikki and Dell.
You're all heroes.
And I have so much gratitude for all the work you're doing and for this film and for being here tonight with us on VSRF Live.
Thank you so much.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_06]
Everyone in this space, every viewer here is a hero.
And I'm so grateful for this community.
You all have given us hope when we didn't have hope when it was, it was too dangerous to speak on set.
We could come and speak in the chat and the community right here might know me as ate my brain.
And I'm so delighted to always be a part of this conversation and BSRF.
I can't thank you enough for what you do.
And we invite you all to come.
We love you so much.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, it's gonna be a party.
We're gonna have some fun.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.
Yeah, we'll have many of our VSRF team there in Los Angeles on Sunday at 11 a.m. at the DGA in West Hollywood.

[SPEAKER_06]
Let's make some noise for Dell.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, and have a great premiere and a great time.
And look forward to hearing all about it.
And Dell, you'll also be at CHD Conference at Austin.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, I'm looking forward to that.
We're actually going to have a panel of the OGs that help make backs happen.
So it's all, it's a very small like times folding in on itself.
Very exciting.

[SPEAKER_10]
Excellent.
Well, I'll give you a fist bump in Austin, a real one.
So awesome.
Okay, thank you so much.
Have a great rest of your evening.
Everyone else hang in there, Steve.
Hang in there.
I've got a really good ending.
We've got an old clip from the Regis Philbin show that you're going to want to watch.
But before I get to that, I want to say, remind you that
BSRF is, of course, a 501 C3 and we rely on your support to keep us going.
It allows us to speak freely, investigate the issues that matter and bring you the truth.
Every contribution, no matter the size, has a real impact and it helps us keep producing content.
hosting experts, and educating the public about vaccine safety, medical freedom, and transparency in health policy.
Your support literally keeps the movement alive.
And I'm going to put the link on the screen as I usually do.
Here it is.
Text VSRF to 53-555.
That's VSRF253-555 from all of us at VSRF.
We want to thank you for your support.
And then also next week.
We have another incredible guest.
We're thrilled to welcome the one and only Aaron Siri.
He'll be joining us to discuss his latest book, Vaccines, Amen, the Religion of Vaccines and share his insights on the latest developments in vaccine policy and medical freedom.
Steve, that's going to be quite a conversation.
We get Aaron Siri for the first time on VSRF Live.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yep.

[SPEAKER_10]
Looking forward to that one.
Absolutely.
Okay, we're going to sign off tonight as we close with a powerful clip of Barbara Lowe Fisher from 1986 before the National Childhood Vaccine Injury Act was passed.
Back then, she was able to speak openly about vaccine injury on primetime television at a time when the media
had not yet been heavily influenced by pharmaceutical interests.
Thank you all for being here tonight.
Thank you, Steve.
Thank you, Nikki and David and thank you, Del.
And I hope all of you have a fantastic weekend.
Enjoy the film festival and good night.

[SPEAKER_05]
Two and a half went into a state of unconsciousness within hours of the shot and for about six hours and this is a gifted child who knew his alphabet and his numbers by the age of two who was speaking in full sentences and after that shot he was terribly, terribly ill.
He no longer knew the alphabet, he no longer knew his numbers.
He suffered what they call mild encephalopathy and he is mostly learned to say well today.

[SPEAKER_03]
No chance for recovery?

[SPEAKER_05]
That brain damage is permanent, but we are trying to teach him ways to compensate for his line of study.

[SPEAKER_03]
You must have been outraged.

[SPEAKER_05]
I was.
I have to also tell you that my sister and her two children had hip and cough in Texas in 1981.
My sister was fully vaccinated.
So was her four-year-old child.
And her little three-week-old was too young to be vaccinated and almost died from the disease.
You see, my sister and her child gave her hooping cough to the baby.
So this shot is not only highly reactive, it's not as effective as it should be.
They didn't keep them from getting hooping cough.

[SPEAKER_03]
Janet, you paid the ultimate price.
You lost your two-month-old son?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yes, I did.
Richie was not my first child to react severely to DPT.
I have an older son who reacted severely and at the time we were told by the doctor that his reactions were normal, high-pitched screaming, high fever, vomiting, diarrhea.
And when our second son received the shot and displayed the same symptoms, we as parents did
not feel that this was anything abnormal and then he started to display other symptoms and by the time we had reached the doctor and explained the symptoms he agreed it was due to the DPT shot but do not worry we asked to be seen at the emergency room he said it wasn't necessary to meet us there even though we decided to go on our way there our son died in my arms.

[SPEAKER_03]
Doctor why is it that some children are receptive to this and some aren't?

[SPEAKER_02]
No one knows.
But I think what's important is... My son at two and a half... We're not your child.
There is no last epidemic before vaccine.
What was that?
That was 1940.

[SPEAKER_04]
But it wasn't necessary to meet us there.
Even though we decided to go on our way there, our son died in my arms.

[SPEAKER_03]
Doctor, why is it that some children are receptive to this and some aren't?

[SPEAKER_02]
No one knows.
But I think what's important is...

[SPEAKER_05]
In 1977, there were over 99,000 cases.

[SPEAKER_02]
I don't know what's going on here.
The clip keeps going.
Wow.
There's no question that we would like better pertussis vaccines.
And there is a good deal of effort around the world to develop better vaccines.
But in the meantime, we've got to use the vaccines that we have.
But is there any way to know whether or not you're a child?
There isn't anyway.
All we do know is that there are 3.8 million children born in this country every year.
And if we let up in our vaccine effort, then what could happen, what did happen in the United Kingdom and Great Britain and in Japan could happen here.
That is a resurgence of this disease and many, many more children injured and many more children dying than what we have now.

[SPEAKER_05]
I have to disagree with you, doctor, because in England in 1977 there were over 99,000 cases of hip and cough.
23 deaths, no cases of brain damage due to the disease.
And we have 18,000 children, according to the CDC, every year suffering a convulsion or a collapse shock reaction after this shot.
We don't know how many children are dying of being brain damaged because we don't have a reaction reporting system that will give us those figures.
There's something very wrong here when we're mandating a vaccine and we don't even know how many children are being injured.

[SPEAKER_08]
Totally.
Love it.
