[SPEAKER_03]
Thursday on VSRF Live.

[SPEAKER_06]
Stop the live broadcast.
So you're on.

[SPEAKER_03]
Hey, are my screen.

[SPEAKER_06]
Tonight on VSRF Live, with cancer on the rise and affecting millions worldwide, we welcome Dr. Colleen Huber to discuss the latest advancements in cancer treatment and prevention.

[SPEAKER_02]
I have had 18 years to think about this because of all the people who've come to me with all— With you tonight.

[SPEAKER_06]
As always, we're dedicated to bringing you the most important conversations with thought leaders, researchers, and medical professionals who challenge the mainstream narrative and provide alternative perspectives on health and science.
Tonight, we're honored to welcome back Dr. Colleen Huber to the show.
Dr. Huber is a renowned naturopathic physician, a researcher, and an outspoken advocate for alternative cancer treatments and medical freedom.
She joined us tonight to discuss her latest book, The Third and Alternative Treatment Options, with cancer rates continuing to rise and more patients seeking holistic and metabolic-based therapies.
Dr. Huber will share her insights on the root causes of cancer that mainstream medicine often ignores.
the role of nutrition and metabolic health in both prevention and treatment, the most effective natural therapies she has observed in her practice, and how patients can make informed, empowered decisions about their health.
Tonight's episode has been pre-recorded due to scheduling conflict.
I'd like to bring on our founder, Steve Kirsch.
Steve, welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you this evening?
I'm good.
See you, Olivia.
Good to see you, too.
I wanted to follow up before we get started on how your bet is going.
And yeah, give us an update if you don't mind.

[SPEAKER_07]
Well, we're in round five, so we're preparing round five.
It goes to six rounds.
It's kind of like a fight.
And so in this version, it's not said quite yet.
And we'll be discussing with the judges
the evidence.
And my opposition doesn't like any kind of interaction with the judges.
He prefers to do everything in writing.
And so he doesn't like to answer questions.
So it's quite, it's quite different, right?
Because I want to answer questions interactively and get to the bottom of it.
And he wants to go through written iterations where he responds in writing, which then of course takes forever to resolve.
And
So see, you know, cause he's claiming over 90% efficacy against death based on this Kaiser Permanente study.
So darn it, I looked up to damn study.
And you know what it shows?
It shows the raw numbers before the Cox proportionality adjustments, the raw numbers show that the vaccinated are worse off.
and they get hospitalized more and they die more.
But after adjustments, it's amazing, 10% of the rate of the unvaccinated.
So it's quite remarkable, the kinds of things that you can do when you hide all of your coefficients for your adjustments and you hide the raw data from people and the data, of course, is not available.
So that's what I'm...
That's his strongest argument.

[SPEAKER_06]
Are you able to use that?

[SPEAKER_07]
The raw data shows that the vaccine actually makes things worse.
Are you able to use that against him?
Of course.
Of course.
And then I use the, hey, here's the record level data from the Czech Republic, from the UK government.
And they both show that you're better off being unvaccinated than vaccinated, which is why probably they stopped publishing the data in the UK.
In fact, I showed Claire Craig this morning, I showed her an analysis I did of the ratios, the mortality ratios between the vaccinated and the unvaccinated.
And what's supposed to happen is the mortality ratios are supposed to increase
over time because the unvaccinated, of course, are not protected.
This is unvaccinated over vaccinated.
And so the ratio of unvaccinated to vaccinated mortality rates are supposed to increase.
Vaccinated are going to die more than the vaccinated don't know.
The number has to go up.
And then you say the number went down.

[SPEAKER_06]
Right.
And do the judges ask you questions or ask him questions or what you're saying is?

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah.
Yeah.
And then he'll say, well, we'll get back to that.
We'll address that in the next iteration.
You know, it's like he says that Varys, I ask him so.
So why does Varys go from flat?
to this huge spike in reporting.
It's because there's a lot of publicity, and everybody knew about it, and people were encouraged to make these VAERS reports, and it's pointed out, wait a minute, there's this study showing from the CMS data that VAERS is underreported by a factor of 45.
So if people are now reporting
at 100 times more, it's actually 350 times more than they were before, then if you take 350 times
45, I mean, that's a pretty big number.
It would be like an infinitesimal number of what people were reporting before.
And it just doesn't make any sense.
His arguments just are completely nonsense.
And I'm expecting, hey, look, if I lose this bet, and I lose a million dollars, at least I want to know why five, six of the way through this debate,
And on no issue at all is there clarity for how I got it wrong.
And effectively it's just bringing up arguments that are backed by when you look under the covers at the study, which few people do.
And you look at the raw numbers, you'll find that it's quite devastatingly the other way.
It's quite remarkable.

[SPEAKER_06]
And you're not even taking into account what we're going to talk about tonight, all the adverse effects, including cancer.

[SPEAKER_07]
No, those cancer doesn't count because it's only this is about deaths.
This is, uh, did it save more people than it, than it, uh, than it killed.
And his, his claim is that only 10 people have died from COVID, uh, from the COVID vaccine.
Only 10 people in the people in the US.
You know, it's like, in the BMJ, they published a study was done by the Norwegian government.
They investigated 100 deaths after the COVID vaccine.
Anywhere between 10% to 36% of those deaths were caused by the, were attributed to the vaccine.
10% super high likelihood, 36%, total of 36% plausibly killed by the vaccine.
So,
How he gets 10 out of that in the US, which is far larger than Norway, last time I checked, I'm a baffled.

[SPEAKER_06]
It is baffling.
Well, let's get on with our guest for tonight, Dr. Colleen Huber.
How are you this evening?
Good, good.
Welcome back.
And I want to read your bio for those in our audience that don't know who you are.
Dr. Huber is a naturopathic medical doctor and medical director of NatureWorks' Best Cancer Clinic.
She has served as a medical expert witness and was the keynote speaker at the 2015 Euro Cancer Summit.
She is also a fellow of the Naturopathic Oncology Research Institute.
In 2014, she conducted the largest and longest study on sugar intake in cancer patients.
And in 2015, she authored the Safety Manual for IV Nutrient Preparation for Naturopathic Oncology.
Dr. Huber has written several books, including the newly released third edition of neither safe nor effective, the evidence against COVID vaccines, as well as the defeat of COVID manifesto for a cancer patient and choose your foods like your life depends on them.
The work has been featured in Defeat Cancer and America's Best Cancer Doctors.
You've been busy testifying in Arizona, is it the legislature against some medical boards?
Can you give us an update on what that's about and how it's going?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yes, I believe this is probably the first medical freedom bill that I am aware of in Arizona, particularly in the COVID era.
And by medical freedom, I mean it is placing restrictions on medical boards from antitrust type actions and other harassment actions against doctors and against grabbing private patient medical information from patients without their authorization.
In other words,
There are medical boards in Arizona that have been doing these things.
The chiropractic board for the last two years has come under scrutiny from the Arizona Auditor General for doing this, and the naturopathic board has now been committing quite a few violations, might that the Arizona naturopathic board has violated, just that we know of, and just in the last several years.
But I testified in favor of this bill to try to rein in some of this behavior, to try to have them back off from the harassment of practitioners.
And the context of this, it's Senate Bill 1588.
And it was heard last month, well, it was heard in February before the Senate, Arizona Senate Health Committee.
And then we passed out of committee.
I testified in favor of the bill.
A senator were testified.
We were the only ones to testify.
And then
uh yesterday it passed out of the appropriations committee at the house of representatives and it passed with 11 to 5 votes so it got bipartisan support and uh what it says that i find helpful is the legislature also intends to prevent other health professional arbitrary and capricious actions that harm licensed health professionals and patients in the state including
And then it's got a whole long list.
Let's see.
Committing, promoting antitrust agendas, committing repeated violations of the sacred patient-position relationship, violating the privacy of patient medical information without authorization.
And Section D, the legislature reaffirms that the primary responsibility of state health profession regulatory boards is to protect the public from potential harm.
Any activities beyond this mandate should be handled by the private sector or other state agencies with appropriate jurisdiction.
Deviations from this mandate will not be tolerated.
So this is the first time I've seen a particularly since the COVID era, you know, in which medical boards just when crazy and arbitrary capricious attacks against health care professionals, for example, you know, not even allowing her to have a hearing during the entire calendar year 2024 and other
But that was only the one of the latest along string of abuses.
And certainly she's not the only one.
But many people, including myself, have spoken out against some of the abuses that occurred during COVID and some of the restrictions placed on health care professionals.
We spoke out against that.
So they didn't like that.
I feel that I was one of many targeted.
I'm not the first victim of this board, and I'm certainly not even the most recent victim.
My patients have been victims as well.
Their medical records seized without their permission.
But when the board told me, oh, you're going to have to turn over medical records, no, that's a violation of their privacy, and that's violation of NEPA.
Unless they authorize it, the board had not even met.
So in other words, I'm not going to promise to violate the rights, the privacy rights of people I haven't even met.
If it was past people, you could at least ask their permission.
And if you don't get it, then you don't get it.
And that's decisive.
But future people, that's even more impossible.
So I said, no, and I'm taking you to court.
And we're still in court.
So.

[SPEAKER_03]
Wow.

[SPEAKER_02]
And that's what's been going on with me.
And we passed that bill out of committee yesterday.

[SPEAKER_06]
Wow.
Well, I'm going to step aside and let Steve take over and continue the conversation.
I'll be back a little later.
Take it away, Steve.

[SPEAKER_07]
Okay.
Usually it's the legislatures that are passing these bills to silence the doctors.
So it's refreshing.
And, you know, it's almost unbelievable that you find a state that is willing to do the opposite.
So what are the repercussions?
though, if these licensed to practice medicine, that would be really great, you know, if these people controlling the medical boards, because are the people on the medical boards licensed physicians?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yes, but because there's so much influence from George Soros in the state.
Sorry, I just happened to the sun came out from behind the clouds.
So it looks like I'm going to put my stripes here.
Let me see.
Is it okay if I move to a different location?

[SPEAKER_07]
I think it's fine.
Let's just go with it.

[SPEAKER_02]
Very good.
Yeah, well, I think there's a lot of influence of Soros or Pharma and or both in the state because, you know, at least that's the reputation of both governor and the attorney general here.
the attorney general kind of controls the board.
So that's been a big problem.
And they kind of behave as if it's because they at times drop clues that this is what they're doing and that their goal is to just make
you know, harassment, stalking, and then finally targeting the licenses of people who speak out.
It had been going on so long, attacks against my clinic by this particular board, and I'm not the first victim of this board by any means, nor even the most recent victim.
I mean, this is a serial pattern of them doing this.

[SPEAKER_07]
But they're all on the board, they're all licensed physicians, is that correct?
Yes.
So in the bill, does it say that violation of these provisions can be punished by having your license removed?
Because it's like what goes around should come around, right?

[SPEAKER_02]
Exactly.
I mean that would be helpful to really put some teeth into it to make them stop violating the law because in the case of the naturopathic subsections violated by the naturopathic board alone and that is against my clinic alone including against patients and against the other doctors at my clinic including silly stuff that's not
so so nasty but not against law for example when they accused one doctor at my clinic of filing complaints against all the other doctors and she hadn't done it this was only about five or six months ago as though this was such a clear and brazen divide and conquer move i said hold on guys don't get mad at each other
She didn't file a complaint against you, okay?
Basically, I mean, it was just an abusive dividing conquer move.
I said, you know, look at the history of this board.
They agreed.
Yeah, they're obviously lying.
And so for, you know, what was meant to disrupt us and have us at each other's throats and, you know, probably destroy my clinic, maybe by intent.
No, we, we are that kind of behavior.
So, but it's unfortunate.
I mean, why do they play these games in the first place?
Or other games like, oh, all of you are required to drop all patient appointments next Thursday and come to our meeting.
And I've had to protest that.
No, we're not going to abandon patients because you want to sit there for hours and pick apart.
Oh, Doctor, you should have written half a dozen on this chart note instead of six.
That's the kind of games they play.
Chart notes are weapons.

[SPEAKER_07]
Half a dozen instead of six, huh?

[SPEAKER_02]
They quibble about synonyms.
They quibble about synonyms.
They'll even quibble about punctuation sometimes.
You know, so this has been... Got to protect the public.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.

[SPEAKER_07]
So is there any way for them to be held accountable?
Like how does the bill hold them accountable?
It basically says you shall not do this, but what happens if they violate it?
are they personally fined or what's the what is what are the teeth in this?

[SPEAKER_02]
There is another statute that the board is a the naturopathic board for example is prohibited from basing a licensing decision on any criteria that does not specifically authorized by statute rule or state tribal gaming yeah there's that they're prohibited but

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, you gotta put some teeth into that bill.
I don't know if it's too late to amend it.

[SPEAKER_02]
I mean, we got what we got a little bit, but the fact that the legislature is now fielding calls.
I mean, there are patients of chiropractors and patients of nature, but physicians are patients who are complaining to their legislators.
You know, why are these abuses happening?
And people are speaking up that

[SPEAKER_07]
I think you got to add some sort of personal liability that they could be sued.
Once that happens, the abuses will stop.
If there's, I don't know what's going to happen, but if there teeth in the bill where it hurts to violate the law, that will create a change in behavior, or at least it should.
If it doesn't,

[SPEAKER_02]
um they these people should be terminated uh what you said earlier i like there there are proposals out there just get rid of these boards and let the free market handle it you know if there's a doctor that commits malpractice that doctor will get sued for malpractice
Okay, that's between the malpractice insurance company and the claimant, etc.
And you know, let that take care of it.
Let the free market handle it all because these boards have been so abusive, especially during COVID.
I mean, this is what really was key, I feel, to, you know, so many patients being given remdesivir when it was obviously very toxic.
Right, right, right.
Cranked on high pressures, you know.

[SPEAKER_07]
But these, the roulette, and they think they're protecting the public.
Right.
I mean, it's all about their belief of protecting the public, which brings us to the third edition of your book, Neither Safe nor Effective, which is a book about the safe and effective COVID vaccines.
And of course, everybody should be getting their multiple shots of the COVID vaccine according to the CDC.
And that recommendation, I don't think, has changed since RFK was appointed.
Yeah, so there's a copy of, that's what the book, it just came out in the third edition.
which adds some new chapters.
We'll talk about that.
Summarize your book for us.
Both the first and second edition, let's talk about that first and then what's new in the third edition that you've added.
And hopefully the third edition is the following.
Did it take you to write this book and do you know how many copies have been sold?

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, the last question I can answer first, because I'm not sure, I really haven't even looked at how many copies have been sold.
I know I should have, but I haven't gotten into that.
I was so obsessed with this lens.

[SPEAKER_07]
By the way, it is available on Amazon for $9 for the Kindle Edition.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yes.
I feel that, yeah, to address your question, this book of the third edition represents the last four years of my life.
So there is a chronology in that first edition I put out in 2022, and it summarized most of what we knew up till then.
And then the second edition, what we knew up till 2023, and then now what we've learned in 2024 and 2025.
And the reason I think that chronology is important is partly because of litigation that's happening.
I mean, there are employers that fired employees for not getting the COVID vaccine.
The COVID vaccine did not prevent infection.
It did not prevent transmission.
And it was toxic.
And the outcomes were likely worse in many health pathologies.
If you had had the vaccine, then if you had not had it.
So when was this known?
And that impacts litigation to some extent.
So the third edition, I organized by that.
what we knew by 2021, what that's the first chapter, what we knew by 2022, then 2023, and then the last couple of years, or the last year and a half, a year and a quarter, I should say.
So yeah.
I organized it by bodily organ.
So I had two chapters on the brain, a chapter on the eyes, a chapter on the four chapters on the heart, one on the kidneys, and a chapter on liver, spleen, and colon.
And two on the immune system, three on fertility, which is a big problem.
And that's kind of the later half of the book, after I have the chronological section.

[SPEAKER_07]
So let me ask you a personal question, which is, I lost vision in my right eye due to sub-retinal and sub-RPE hemorrhage.
Could that have been caused by the COVID vaccines?
Or is it just not enough data?

[SPEAKER_02]
I believe that spike protein very well could have caused that because there were a lot of retinopathies that were observed and recorded in the medical literature following COVID vaccination.
A lot of that has a temporal
A connection in that many of these injuries to the eye happen very shortly after vaccination.
And I think that might have some dose dependence too.
Let's see for many of the organ specific injuries.
I'm looking over my notes.

[SPEAKER_07]
Sub-retinal hemorrhage and sub-RPE hemorrhage is a unique type of a retinal injury, which I have not seen associated with the COVID vaccines.
And I did do a VAERS search to see if there were others.
And I found only one report in VAERS.
on this.
And I haven't reported my own case to various simply because it happened years after the vaccine.
It may not be related.
And so I didn't know whether I'm, you know,

[SPEAKER_02]
I would like to argue that that still could be a vaccine injury and here's why we saw not only ischemic vascular disease we saw also hemorrhagic they're kind of opposite right because you know with ischemic there was a clot it was blocking some blood flow and you had generally a watershed sort of infarct situation where tissue that was downstream in a wedge shape
from those blood vessels are not getting out.
You'd also have the opposite, where we saw lots of hemorrhaging.
And in the Pfizer papers, Naomi Wolfsbook, you know, we see slides from that were prepared by the late pathologist, Arnie Burkhart, where we see hemorrhages at the cellular level.
There's a lot of reports of hemorrhage post COVID vaccine.
And the mechanism
It seems established to be the spike protein is not only creating a clotting situation and small blood vessels, but also an inflammation.
The inflammation is enough to open up and have local bleeding a result.
So you had some hemorrhage.
I think that is arguably possibly a vaccine entry.
Of course, as you say, the further away in time, I think it may be harder to establish that.

[SPEAKER_07]
But is there any way to do any kind of biopsy to...
I want to biopsy my subretinal area.
That would be pretty invasive.
But could I biopsy other tissues?

[SPEAKER_02]
and do an investigation.
Yeah, you know, it's interesting to ask that to me, especially because one thing is really unique about the retina is it is not only perhaps a window to the soul, but a window to the cardiovascular system, you know, for no invasiveness whatsoever, we're able to use an ophthalmoscope in medicine, and we're able to do a fundoscopic exam, which is an exam
of the retina, the back of the eye through the vitreous tumor, and we're seeing blood vessels back there.
We're seeing such detail that you're actually able to get some diagnostic information about hypertension, diabetes, you know, retinopathy, just by looking, because it's the only place in the entire body where we can actually see blood vessels.
So in other words, the retinopathy that's seen and that impacts something very obvious to you like your vision, you're asking, well, what if that's in other parts of the body, but I just don't know it because it hasn't been discovered, right?

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, so they should be able to look, then, at my other eye, because my bad eye, of course, is occluded due to the bleeding that's in the vitreous humor.
And so.
Get blood into the vitreous, then.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Big time.
Yeah.
I'm quite the disaster area.
OK, well, let me, let's pursue this offline.
Let's go on to your cancer.
Before we do that, I want to ask you my key question.
I got this million.
The vaccine has killed more people than it's saved.
A lot of people are confused by this saying, well, it's hard to know whether the vaccines have saved so many lives.
Of course, they've killed a lot of people.
It's hard to know whether the number of people killed is greater than the number of people saved.
Do you have an opinion on that?
What data would you use to back up your opinion?
How many people do you think were saved by these vaccines?

[SPEAKER_02]
Actually, I think it is knowable.
It is arguable.
I think all-cause mortality has really been established very strongly, especially by, well, take the all-cause mortality that you, I believe, were the first to draw my attention to.
The Czech Republic record-level data, 11 million population, showed higher all-cause mortality for Moderna than Pfizer.
So what does that tell us?
We know there shouldn't be any other difference between Modus
3 to 1 ratio of dosing Moderna to Pfizer so and that was for every ah Yes, you were the one who you gave me this good data And I excited you in the book for every single year of age 46 to 99 which would be um If that were by chance that Moderna for every single age 46 99 and I believe you said they have 54 years right every five years
Oh, every five years, I thought it was every four years.
Okay, well, your graph, I thought it should, okay, I thought it should every one year.
But anyway, for that to be the case as it was, that Moderna mortality exceeded, all costs mortality exceeded Pfizer.
For that, I calculated that as a one in 18 quadrillion chance if it were by chance.
In other words, for, you know, you're going to roll the dice.
I mean, really, there's only two options, right?
So you roll the, not roll the dice actually, flip the coin.
Because with the coin flip, you only get two choices, okay?
And you get heads every single time, 54 times in a row.
What are the odds?
One and 18 quadrillion, right?
Because we're taking two to the 54th power, aren't we?
Yeah.
And so anyway, I did the math and it was a 1 in 18 quadrillion.
So that right there, check, check a republic record level data as you pointed out.
I thought that was very good.

[SPEAKER_07]
Anyway, I'm citing that.
I was actually, I remember when I lost my vision and my right eye.
I was looking at the Czech Republic data, analyzing it, and all of a sudden the screen sort of started to become wavy, and I knew I was in trouble at that point.
So I remember that the Czech data quite well.
But what do you think the number is for the...
Yeah, it is.
And it still is to this day.
And the only response from Sarr on the reason for it is, oh, well, that's because there were higher comorbidities.
But there weren't.
And in fact, the higher comorbidities were in Pfizer.
And that doesn't seem to phase his arguments at all.
But that's what you get.
But what's the?

[SPEAKER_00]
But there's more.

[SPEAKER_07]
What do you think about the?

[SPEAKER_00]
There's one more answer.

[SPEAKER_07]
Oh, yeah, there's a lot more evidence.
But what do you want?
So bottom line, how many people in America do you think were killed by the COVID vaccines?
And bottom line, how many how many people in America do you think how many lives were saved by the COVID vaccines?

[SPEAKER_02]
For that, I've looked to what you and Jessica Rose published, and then I've also looked at finance technologies.
Edward doubt, and he did a calculation.
Now, I think the latest that I saw of what, see, I didn't actually break that part down, and I haven't looked at that recently enough to know the number, but it was somewhere in the, a little bit less than a million, I thought, the last time I looked.
Has that number been updated?
700 or 800,000, I thought?

[SPEAKER_07]
You're talking about the number of lives lost.

[SPEAKER_02]
Lives lost from the COVID vaccines.

[SPEAKER_07]
Right.
Okay.
So, but what do you think the number of lives saved was?

[SPEAKER_02]
Oh, zero.
Absolutely zero because, yeah.
Well, we should think that.
Because all of that remains system.

[SPEAKER_07]
Right, but we're talking about lives, like there are these studies that claim all vaccine efficacy against death is 90%.
So therefore, the people who are vaccinated aren't dying and we're just seeing the deaths from the unvaccinated who are dying at this incredible rate
because they have to make up for all the deaths that the unvaccinated aren't dying.
It seems a little far-fetched to say that we're seeing these deaths and it's just in the unvaccinated.
Doesn't make any sense.
Can't make the numbers work.

[SPEAKER_02]
All right, can we make the numbers work if we hold the authorities to an honest definition of unvaccinated?
Because one thing that really obscured any realistic assessment of data was the sloppy use of word unvaccinated.
Well, not sloppy, actually.
Anybody who had been injected less than 14 days earlier was called unvaccinated, which was very, very deceptive because, according to Verz,
deaths occurred, about 50% of the deaths occurred within the first two days following vaccination.
So to call them unvaccinated, we have to get past the, you know, the Yeah, well, and they do that, by the way, definition, you know,

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah and they do the same trick with if they don't know your vaccination status you're considered unvaccinated because they just like to be some simplistic about having two buckets and so I've seen this trick pulled in my own county Santa Clara County where they do these surveys and if they didn't ask about the vaccination status you're considered unvaccinated.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, and that was interesting.
Even with that, you found in Santa Clara County, you've done such great work, I've had to say, 86% of that county's population was vaccinated, but of the positive COVID cases, 98% were previously vaccinated.
Anyway, that's getting to the negative efficacy bar, and that's getting away from the mortality question.
But yeah, the mortality question, we've got plenty of evidence that the vaccines have caused net increase in mortality.
Now, when you say, okay, did the COVID vaccine save any one life?
I don't believe that I have the verifiable reliable data to assess that and to say, yeah, that person, their life was likely saved.
And I also kind of doubt it because of all the
the wreck that it makes of the immune system, all the damage that Seneff, Nye, and McCulloch found.
Right, right.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, but there's always a risk and benefit, right?
So, you know, and to be honest, I have seen some data which seems to indicate, and I'm not saying that it's true or not, but it seems to indicate that the vaccine actually was beneficial and reduced cases during Delta.
and maybe during Omicron, but it's pretty sketchy because what you have to do, the problem is that the COVID tests may not have been given at the same rate to the vaccinated versus the unvaccinated.
So what you have to do is look at all-cause mortality, and you have to compare the all-cause mortality of the two cohorts in the two periods.

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, we also have to trust the PCR, which is not even qualifying as a test, really.

[SPEAKER_07]
Right, no, no, but the beauty of using all-cause mortality is you simply take the status and you just compare the all-cause mortality.
And I can show, right, and I can show actually that in the check data, there was one age group, I think you were, if you were like 100 years old, that it looked like was beneficial.
But there are so few people that are 100 years old, it's,
it's not going to be the number of people that's affected by that.
It's pretty small.
And it could also be, you know, there are relatively smaller numbers of data for that.
But, you know, I could say that it might be the case.
So I don't want to...

[SPEAKER_02]
But there could be a vaccine bias going on there, you know?
the one where the healthy vaccinee bias, you know, that if they're extremely close to death, they're already in hospice and they're 100 years old, you're probably not going to bother to vaccinate them.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yep.
We could get into a much more in-depth discussion of this, but I want to move on to cancer treatments.

[SPEAKER_02]
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_07]
So sugar in, you've done extensive research on sugar intake and cancer.
And a lot of people have said, hey, lay off the sugar, it feeds the cancer, it's no good for you.
What sorts of research have you done to make that connection?
And what happens when cancer patients lay off the sugar?

[SPEAKER_02]
well it's interesting to say that lots of people have said that back in two thousand six i might have been the only one of my contemporaries saying it because i was told by peers you can't tell cancer patients not to be triggered because they're oncologists are insisting that they trigger because the primary obligation of cancer patient uh... during chemotherapy is to keep their weight up and i said
No, I mean you can't eat junk food just to keep your weight up only because you're being so thoroughly inundated with a toxin and that is the chemotherapy, the red devil or whatever other type of chemotherapy, the doxorubicin or whatever they were getting, that making them so sick that they were losing weight and they were vomiting and they didn't have any appetite and okay they were losing weight so we give them junk food and then the oncologist insists on it and that's why you have donuts served in the IV rooms, the chemotherapy
clinics.
And I said, no, that doesn't make any sense at all.
Cancer patients need food that is going to support them.
And also, some cancer patients choose not to have chemotherapy.
And many have found their way to my clinic over the years.
My clinic is 18 years old.
We started in 2006.
I started the clinic myself back then.
And it has grown a little bit since that time.
But, you know, no insurance reimbursement makes it difficult for people because
to have to pay out of pocket for treatments is more challenging.
I think the new administration might be able to fix that, but just getting back to your question.
So I was asking people to not eat sugar, but I didn't just come up with that on my own.
You know, in 1931, biochemist Otto Warburger won the Nobel Prize in Biochemistry for showing that sugar feeds cancer.
That cancer takes an alternate metabolic pathway where it just uses sugar as a fuel.
And in fact, we make use of that knowledge.
Conventional medicine has made use of that knowledge for decades because a PET scan will inject the patient with radioactive glucose.
And then you image where that glucose went.
It produces a fuzzy picture.
So, you know, in the fuzzy way, sugar kind of went here, but not there.
Okay, so that's where the tumor is.
But let's say you want exact dimensions.
You want to know if it's growing or shrinking.
So you do an overlay of a CT scan.
Now CT will give you crisp, precise outlines.
And now you know it's exactly 2.3 centimeters by 1.5 centimeters or whatever it is.
And then with the overlay from a technical
goal point of view.
It's a really state of the art that you have that overlay getting the truth of the sugar uptake of the pet with the crisp, you know, outlines of the CT to get a good image.
But unfortunately for the patient, they're getting slammed with intravenous sugar, which has even more devastating
an oral sugar, and they're getting slammed with the radiation of a CT, which can be many times the radiation of a plane-film chest x-ray.
So, you know, trade-off, do you want a lot of accurate information, or would you rather not be hit by, you know, these influences?
So anyway, yeah.

[SPEAKER_07]
How strong is that correlation between the sugar uptake and the growth of the cancer?

[SPEAKER_02]
Oh yeah, very strong.
We found that when the patients were doing our treatments at the clinic and strictly avoiding sugar, we got a 90% remission rate.
But they really should strictly avoid sugar because I actually had a stage 4 cancer patient and she had come in with a cubic foot of tumor in her abdomen.
This is actually somebody who many years earlier she had been
a land on the landscape crew and on the bank embankment of highways where weeds were growing she had round up on her back oops I shouldn't say a brand name she had a pesticide on her back and she was spraying the weeds but she lost her footing tumbled down the embankment toward the road below and it spilled inside her hazmat suit well she waited to get home to get a shower to get rid of it but after that
The cancer was just rampant.
Worst case I'd ever seen.
So she came in with a cubic foot of tumor.
It was ovarian primary cancer.
Where's that going to that?
Let's see.
She got better and better and better.
And then there was some sugar consumed.
And then the cancer went crazy.
It was just one day, one maybe afternoon of, you know, something sweet, perhaps a donut, something like that.

[SPEAKER_03]
Wow, one donut, huh?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, I mean, it made that much difference.
Do you see that repeatedly?

[SPEAKER_07]
Do you see that repeatedly, that cause and effect?

[SPEAKER_02]
Sorry, sorry.
Let me let you talk.

[SPEAKER_07]
Do you see that repeatedly?
Do you see the connection that, you know, it's like,
Baby goes in for a vaccination, right?
And ends up dead within 24 hours of the vaccination.
I hear that story repeatedly.
So do you have these repeated stories where, yeah, I laid off the sugar, but then I splurged and boom, cancer came back?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, to some extent.
With vaccines, we see it much more quickly, right?
But with cancer, a little bit slower.
Cancer takes time to grow.
Sometimes, I mean, these turbo cancers are very fast these days.
But generally, cancer is more slow-moving than the toxin of a vaccine overwhelming a baby.
So, yeah.
We see it, but in the slower motion.
So yes, it has happened over the years.
The reason I mentioned that particular case, when it was, she had had such an enormous tumor burden that she was dealing with.
And it was really more of a stark example of her experience in that way.
But I have seen it.
In fact, I learned a hard lesson myself, a patient.
was fighting Mesothelioma.
His wife said, oh, I've been putting a Gave nectar in his coffee.
And I made a mental note, oh, I should look up a Gave nectar.
And I never got back to her about it.
But that was the moment, that was the day at which his health had been improving and started to go down.
And then it was later I learned, ooh, that is very high in fructose.
Well, fructose, the trouble with it, is it is on the express lane through the glycolysis.
And so in other words, it impacts the body with sugar much more quickly than just the disaccharides of the, you know, what am I saying, sucrose, you know.

[SPEAKER_07]
Right.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, so that's another case that unfortunately was very difficult.
So sugar has been difficult and challenging and what we do these days, once a month, we bring chefs into the clinic and they'll prepare some keto treats and hors d'oeuvres for the patient, but they'll show them how to have a reasonable keto diet without spending a lot of time in the kitchen.
You know, I think even if patients just try to go for a meat and vegetables diet and try to make that as exclusive as possible.
When I say meat, it could be, you know, red meat, poultry, fish, some, you know, alternating of all of that.
Butter and cheeses, I don't see a problem with, and vegetables as the main part of the diet.
Trying to minimize grains, trying to really get rid of
uh... sweets trying to really minimize uh... fruits then the uh... the cancer patients seem to have benefited from that a lot

[SPEAKER_07]
I'm still looking for the, you know, the fun diet, which is the, you can eat as much chocolate and sugar and fruits and ice cream and junk food.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, my family goes with me about that.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_07]
Like, come on, isn't that going to benefit something, you know?
It's kind of like, yeah.
You can either have your health or you can enjoy your food and you have to choose between the two.
But, you know, if you change your diet to stuff, you end up liking that stuff that you change to.
So you're better off than giving it to the temptation.

[SPEAKER_02]
And the appreciation of feeling better.
You know, the appreciation of, wow, I feel so much better now.
I didn't realize I feel so much better.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, but that coffee ice cream sure tasted good.

[SPEAKER_02]
You know, well, coffee with heavy cream.
See, I try to I play these games with patients, not the games, but I rather or, you know, I would say, OK, let me take that away from you.
And I joke that I'm the Grinch.

[SPEAKER_07]
Give you something else.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yes.
And how about something else?
Like, for example, how about heavy cream in the coffee as opposed to the skim milk that you were putting in?
Well, it's much more satisfying.
And actually, when fat is taken out of dairy, then what's left by default is sugar, the lactose.
So that's what we use in coffee is heavy cream at home.
And so, yeah.
And I think, you know, then you're getting some of the satisfaction of the taste that you used to have, you know, with the coffee ice cream.

[SPEAKER_07]
Okay, I reme- I reme- I reme- I reme- I reme- I reme- I reme- I reme- I reme- I reme- I reme- I reme- I reme- I reme- I reme- I reme- I reme-

[SPEAKER_02]
the liver.
And it has shown toxicity to the liver and people have had elevated liver enzymes that we've seen.
The human version of it, mebendazole, is dispensed at only, I mean, you guys pharmacist this, we certainly did at our clinic.
You know, it's dispensed at only two pills because it's standardized when it's a human medication.
Phenbendazole adds a veterinary medication and it's sold over the counter by people who are just selling it.
And so the standardization is not quite there.
So, I'm not really sure if they are sure what they're selling and buying, but entirely.
Meb and the soul is only dispensed to two pills at a time because the liver can only take so much of it.
The thing about that is,
The liver is what you're going to need to defeat cancer for life.
And here's why.
That's where most of this metabolism is taking place.
And it's the metabolic pathways that have the answer to the question of how is cancer defeated?
You have to bring it into the mitochondria.
and you have to go through the citric acid cycle, the electron transport chain, oxidative phosphorylation to produce ATP.
That is normal metabolism.
That's not the cancer pathway.
That's the one that you're going to use and to get well from cancer, if you have it.
Now, the alternative pathway goes off to the side, well, according to the metabolic pathways chart, anaerobic glycolysis.
And this is where priberuvate goes to lactate, anyway.
Uh, like the address and he's so, uh, let's see.
Where was I going with that?
Uh, I think I got so far away from your question.
I.
I forgot what, wait, what exactly?
Let's go back to your question.
Oh, yeah.

[SPEAKER_06]
Before you go into ivermectin, I'm glad you brought that up, Steve.
Yesterday, I think it was yesterday the day before the New York Times put out a video about ivermectin and cancer.
And it very much felt like way back in the day when ivermectin was being
touted as a treatment for COVID.
And that was a threat to the vaccines.
Now it's a threat to cancer.
So I'm going to play this video before you answer this, Dr. Huber, and get both of your thoughts from here.

[SPEAKER_01]
There's been a renewed focus on ivermectin lately.
And in recent months, there's especially been some inaccurate or exaggerated claims around what the drug can do for cancer.

[SPEAKER_00]
I have three friends, all three of them at stage four cancer.
All three of them don't have cancer right now.

[SPEAKER_01]
And this comes at a time when a number of legislators across different states are trying to make the drug more accessible to more people.
Ivermectin has been around for a while.
Two of the scientists who helped work on the research around its anti-parasitic properties won the Nobel Prize in 2015.
But the drug became almost a household name during the pandemic when people looked at this really early preliminary research and thought maybe it could be helpful to treat COVID.
But in the years since, there have been a number of studies showing that actually the drug is not effective against COVID.
The Food and Drug Administration has approved ivermectin to treat some parasitic infections.
And it's also approved to treat skin conditions like rosacea.
And it's perhaps most commonly known as a drug for animals that fights parasitic infections.
There is very early research into ivermectin and cancer, mostly in animals or in petri dishes.
We don't have large clinical trials done in humans, but just because something works in a mouse doesn't mean it will work in a human.
So not only has ivermectin not been proven for these other indications, the drug itself also has risks in high doses.
It can have these pretty devastating effects on the central nervous system.
It can cause people to go into comas, it could lead to seizures, it can even be fatal.
And these risks are particularly pressing in children when they're taking these drugs in high doses.
So while we don't know yet if Ivermectin actually has this benefit for cancer, we do know that definitively there are risks in high doses.
And so as one doctor told me, if you're not getting a benefit from the drug, you're really only left with the risks.

[SPEAKER_06]
So it feels to me like a bit of a hit piece.
What are your thoughts, both of you, actually, on what you just saw there?

[SPEAKER_07]
The risk of ivermectin are way overblown.
You know, it's been around for a long, long time and people can take it in very high doses and have no ill effects at all.
So it's extremely misleading and I've talked to
Paul Merrick about Ivermectin, and he thinks it's super promising.
So I'd love to hear what Dr. Huber thinks about Ivermectin.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yes, I agree.
It's very promising.
One, we know for a fact it works against COVID.
In my book, The Defeat of COVID, I cited dozens of studies showing that it definitely works.
I mean, that is another one where it would be one in a trillion chance of it not working.
And that was according to
Ah, okay, I'll get the source for you a little bit later.
But anyway, yes, it's got many mechanisms against COVID.
Here's one mechanism against COVID.
It blocks all three parts of the spike protein.
I'm in both S1 and S2.
It blocks it from docking at the ACE2.
It's also a zinc ionophore.
There was another molecule that is associated with the, anyway, okay, I don't remember that book as well.
I wrote that a few years ago, back in 2021.
But it also, ivermectin has a lot of great effect against cancer.
And here's why, because there are only two substances I know of that will kill cancer stem cells.
One is high dose vitamin C.
And the other one I learned I think it was last year is ivermectin.
Ivermectin has been shown to kill cancer stem cells which is very useful also because it doesn't have toxicity unlike it doesn't have any appreciable toxicity and by that I mean and the safety studies said in the Lancet
Even none of the pregnancies were lost with the safety studies for ivermectin before the COVID era.
Four billion doses of it had been taken around the world and had been invented about 50 years earlier.
So people had been taking it through tropical regions for its anti-parasitic effect.
But fortunately, it also has anti-COVID effect.
And it is also helpful against cancer.
By the way, so I mentioned one, but I promised two of its mechanisms against cancer.
The other one is
it opposes alpha-feta protein.
And now alpha-feta protein is pro-cancerous.
It's a protein that's associated with cancer in liver cancer.
Now that's hepatocellular carcinoma.
So we know that it has that effect against cancer in the liver, and that's very useful.
So considering that it's got an extremely strong safety record and people are getting improvements with ivermectin,
I think the hit pieces is really unfounded.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, so it's like, listen to the New York Times and then do the opposite, right?
They could be an arm of the CDC.
I want to ask you about chemotherapy.
You know, a lot of people, the doctors recommend chemotherapy for the patients.
And chemo is something that is sort of goes against the, it basically kills your immune system along with the cells you're trying to kill.
And that seems very counterproductive.
And so you mentioned IV, vitamin C, and ivermectin as treatments for cancer.
But we didn't talk about chemo.
Would you agree that you should avoid the chemo?
If you were suffering from cancer, what would be the treatment protocols that you would be on?
Presumably, you'd avoid sugar, you'd have IV vitamin C infusions, and you'd take ivermectin.
Is there anything else that you would add to that?

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, to go back to your question, if I had cancer myself, I have had 18 years to think about this because of all the people who've come to me with all the different cancers they have.
I've not seen one that I thought that person had benefited from chemotherapy, really not one.
And no matter what type of cancer, if I were inflicted with it, I've already decided no chemo, not worth it.
And here's, I can explain my main objection to it.
It's so toxic, it's generally given as a single molecule.
Sometimes there's a triple therapy with three chemo's given at once.
That's very hard to tolerate because these are substances that are so toxic.
This strategy as well, maybe will kill more cancer cells than normal cells.
And as barbaric as that sounds, that's basically the chemotherapy strategy.
So the problem with chemotherapy is cancer attacks the body in seven major weights, all the way from the level of DNA, all the way up to macroscopically invasion of metastasis.
And several ways in between, like cell signaling, signal transduction, that kind of thing, angiogenesis, you know, invasion of metastasis.
Well, anyway, because it's attacking in so many ways,
What we do at my clinic is not just intravenous vitamin C, but intravenous nutrients, in which we're drawing from about 20 different nutrients, because they're complementary.
They're synergistic.
Blessing.
And then because they work well with each other.

[SPEAKER_07]
And are you giving every Mexican as well?

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, it depends on the patient.
You know, many request that I personally am not I'm medical director.
I don't see patients anymore.
But, but let's take vitamin A.
Now vitamin A can only be given orally, not by IV because it's fat soluble.
And.
Fat soluble would require an emulsifier to be able to put it safely in the bloodstream, but the emulsifiers are less than ideal and problems have resulted in the past.
So we don't emulsify fats to put in the bloodstream.
Not in my clinic.
It's too dangerous.
I feel it's too dangerous.
So vitamin A is taken orally, but what does it do?
One thing that's beautiful about vitamin A is it unmasks
cancer to the immune system that is so valuable.
That is as valuable as type 1 interferon.
Now type 1 interferon is something that if you get a natural COVID infection, your type 1 interferon goes up and you're able to fight cancer better from after a natural COVID infection.
It's been shown.
But if you get vaccinated for COVID, the biggest hit, the biggest danger of it, I believe, to the immune system and for cancer risk is it lowers type 1 interferon.
But I would say don't worry for those who have been vaccinated.
I think all you got to do is work on getting your type one interferon back up.
And I think the nutrients, the broad spectrum of nutrients helps with that.
So, you know, that, that would be my strategy.
So to answer your question, if I answer, yeah, I would do the IV nutrients, the broad synergistic IV nutrients, many nutrients.
And I would also do the oral nutrients, the fat soluble vitamin D.
alone has dozens of effects against cancer.
Underappreciated, I'm not talked about enough, you know, but vitamin D has been extremely valuable as preventative of COVID, but also preventative of cancer, but we also have used it in my clinic as therapeutic against cancer.
So vitamin D, vitamin E are also very important.
And then the IV nutrients.

[SPEAKER_07]
Okay, so I have someone who is close to me and this person has cancer and she's being told by her doctor that trust me,
I've been doing this for, you know, 20 years.
Chemo is the way to go, and I've never lost to any patients, you know, and da, da, da, da, da.
And, you know, so what is, it's all about track record.
It's all about the doctor's track record.
And I'm sure the doctors lost patients to cancer because if a doctor was not losing any patients to cancer, everybody would be going to that doctor.
So, what is your, like, how do your statistics for the people that come to your clinic for treatment, how does that compare with the typical mainstream oncologist in terms of the success record?
So, you know, 100 patients, we do a randomized trial.
Patients have cancer, 100 patients go to your clinic, 100 patients go to the traditional oncologist.
What's the outcome?

[SPEAKER_02]
Until the year 2014, I attempted to answer that question every single year.
And here's how I did it.
I called people up on the phone who had been to my clinic.
How's it going?
How are you feeling?
Are you still well?
But here's the trouble with comparing even the colon cancer patients amongst each other.
Okay, one person came in with stage one, the other stage three.
One got an ultrasound last week.
The next one is going to get an MRI tomorrow.
And the other one got a PET scan last year, but doesn't want another one.
You can't force anybody to, you know, the patients choose what they want to do.
Everybody goes in a different direction.
One, listen to the oncologist does.
Everything the oncologist said and keeps getting a PET scan every six months.
The other one said, I'll never go back to an oncologist.
Maybe I'll do an ultrasound next year, but I'm in no hurry.
Okay, so this is what you're trying to compare.
And then you have a bazillion different variables.
Bazillion might be a bit of an exaggeration.
Anyway, so I had the problem.
After 2014, I said, OK, enough.
I can't do this anymore.
But here's what's still on our website.
And that's natureworksbest.com.
On our website, one can click on Documented.
And what you see is all of the results that we had until the time.
So we reported on our successes and our failures.
In other words, we reported anonymously, of course, but you know, let's say stage four lung cancer patient was not able to get into remission.
Patient tried to treat and send, you know, it didn't work and passed away or other patients, you know, another stage four lung cancer patient.
actually we've had a few actually cough up their tumors at some point that doesn't always happen that's very difficult and also the the difficult route that a tumor would have to take to actually be coughed up and out is uh it's extremely rare almost never happens i've only seen it twice um anyway
Uh, let's see.
So that's where that data can be found on our website, natureworksbest.com and then click on documented choose to see all of those results up until the time.
And I have been challenging the conventional oncologist to post all their results like that.
Like patient number one, this is what happened.
This is what they had.
This is what happened.
This was the survival, et cetera.
And I don't see any of them doing it.

[SPEAKER_07]
So you don't know what the numbers actually are because nobody's publishing their results?

[SPEAKER_02]
Roughly 90% of the people who were able to avoid sugar and did the treatments that we recommended, roughly 90% went into remission.
And some years it was less than that, but it was relatively right around there.
And that's another reason I stopped.
Yeah, all stages.
Like I say, everybody's at a different stage and and somebody, you know, um, like let's say, let's say you have a stage one.
colon cancer patient and it's an easily respectable spot.
And so the colon cancer surgeon is easily able to remove that particular tumor, but let's say you have somebody else and that one can't be removed so easily.
Let's say they're the same stage, but the other one maybe has a blood vessel wrapped around it or something, something that the surgeon finds to be a deterrent to surgery.
could be any one of a number of things.
And they didn't or couldn't get the surgery.
So then that's another variable.
Did they get surgery that helps us out by removing tumor burden?
Or did we have to do this so-called heavy lifting of removing the tumor ourselves with just the natural treatments?
That takes longer.
That's also less likely for certainty of remission.
But we still go for it.
And we have a fair number of successes out of any given
a group of 10 patients that will succeed at that.

[SPEAKER_07]
But it's harder.
Are you saying that 90% of stage 4 cancer patients?

[SPEAKER_02]
No.
I'm saying 90% of everybody.

[SPEAKER_07]
Some people come.
Let me ask you the specific question, which is, I give you 1,000 people with stage 4 cancer.
What's the percentage that will go into remission using your protocol?

[SPEAKER_02]
I never calculated it.
I'm going to estimate.
Maybe we're looking at between 10% and 40%.
Maybe if, but that's if they don't have surgery.
Now, if they do have surgery, but, but surgeons don't like to operate on stage four cancer patients because stage four is already remote metastases and they don't do it.
Okay.
But let's say the main tumor burden was removed before the satellite tumors were discovered and the satellite tumors were able to knock down pretty quickly, which we've done.
Because there are so many variables like that, I've never been able to calculate.
My guess is not an educated one as to how many of them would go into remission.
Stage 4 is quite a bit harder, but actually we find early stage 4 much easier to get into remission than late stage 4.
Late stage four where the person was already quite a bit weakened from the cancer burden, that's, you know, that's a lot more difficult.
So once I see somebody come in a wheelchair, I know this is going to be more challenging.
We have gotten some of those into remission and, you know, including a few I can think of right off the top of my head recently, but still when they're in a wheelchair already, that is more of a challenge.
They're just because the body has been beaten up to a quite extent.
Also, one of our strategies is oxygenation, which we like to get through exercise.
So they're not gonna probably be doing a lot of exercise while they're in that state.
So that's a lot more challenging.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_07]
When do you think we'll have a cure for cancer?

[SPEAKER_02]
I think the most likely cure we're going to have is metabolic therapies.
If it's caught early enough, the metabolic therapies work.
Trouble is when we meet people along after it's already gotten to a late stage four.
By the way, I want to clarify something.
I've never told a patient, do not do chemotherapy, do not do radiation, do not do surgery.
I never said that because I firmly believe they have the right to choose their own therapies.
Yeah, it's just that these are difficult choices.
I mean, we can help, you know, see what we can offer to the fork in the road that they're confronting, that they find themselves out, do you know, having to choose whether to do chemo or not.
One thing that we can do is try to refer to an oncologist that won't be extremely judgmental and harsh against them.
And so maybe they can get a friendlier oncologist than perhaps one that has been brutal to them.
such as saying, if you take any ivermectin whatsoever and never come back here again, you know, there are oncologists that will say that, and that's not so helpful when a person is trying to, you know, fight a disease that is multifaceted in its attacks on the body, all the way from genetic disturbance, all the way up to invasion of metastasis, and, you know, all the attacks that cancer makes against the body in between.
By the way, there was Angus, is one of the researchers
who was looking cancer post COVID vaccine found seven additional ways that cancer attacks the body.
You know, that I was citing in the book.
Let's see, oh yeah, lymphopenia, like for example, the white blood cells going down.
And then the spike proteins themselves have pro-oncogene effects via NF-Kappa B, that's a pro-inflammatory protein, and interleukin-6, that's another one that's very pro-cancerous and inflammatory.
Also, you know, what the Senef team found, the impaired type 1 interferon.
So these are things that I believe, I spent the last two chapters of the book talking about healing strategies because I think there are ways that we can address this.
I don't think that people who are vaccinated for COVID are necessarily in deep trouble.
I think it's a matter of trying to reverse whatever we can before damage is done.

[SPEAKER_07]
Haven't you seen an uptick in turbo cancer since the COVID vaccines came out?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, definitely.

[SPEAKER_07]
How much of an uptick?
Like 10% uptick, like 20%, like 50%, like 100%?

[SPEAKER_02]
You would think that I would have measured that, but I actually haven't.
We just noticed a great influx and cause of cancers that just
came out of nowhere, surprisingly young people.
You know, people in their 20s and 30s just coming up with, yeah, I was just talking to this cancer.
I didn't even know I had cancer and all of a sudden the stage four, that kind of thing, we're hearing a lot of, you know, ever since probably about late 2021 or so.
I really seem to hit a peak at 2022, maybe somewhat fewer, you know, calls approaching us with that information now.

[SPEAKER_07]
But was that peak, you can't estimate it, was it 5% or was it more like 50% or like how much?

[SPEAKER_02]
How much of a difference?
I have to admit that for all the time and effort I put into writing this book to try to convince people never, ever, ever take another injection until you thoroughly look into the potential problems.
And that's why I wrote this book.
From a preventive viewpoint,
I neglected to gather the kind of statistics that you're requesting at my own clinic.
And for that, I'm sorry.
I look into that in the future and then get back to you.
But still we're sorting through a ton of data.
You're talking about people who came for a short time, people who stayed the full length of the recommended treatments, people who came in with various types of kids, and again, the imaging.
The imaging of, yeah, maybe I'll get some imaging next month.
Oh, yeah, I got some imaging last month.
and people making all different kinds of choices with imaging, and you can't line them up and force them like soldiers to march in the straight line into getting that imaging precisely five weeks after finishing treatment or whatever.
You can't do that.
I mean, people will make their own choices.
And so this is why there's too many variables to even make comparisons.
So that's really why I don't have the kind of data that you would like.
And my clinic is pretty tiny.
So I don't think it would be statistically really valuable because of that.

[SPEAKER_07]
So what do you think the, if we were to close off here with your, the sort of the main advice that you would give people who either have cancer or to prevent people from getting cancer, like, what would you say to someone who has cancer now?
And what would your advice be to someone who doesn't have cancer and doesn't want to get cancer?

[SPEAKER_02]
All right.
Let me start with, if you don't have cancer and don't want to get it, that would be my category.
I've never had it that I know of.
And so what do I do to try to prevent it?
What do I consider as part of my daily regimen that I want to have for life?
I think vitamin D is essential to my well-being and I definitely don't want to go a week without it because it's fat soluble.
I don't bother with it every day.
I have to admit because it's fat soluble to stay with you a bit more than say a water soluble vitamin like vitamin C, which I make sure to take every day.
But vitamin D I try to take every other day.
Zinc is
Zinc alone has probably a dozen different anti-cancer mechanisms.
So zinc is really important.
It got forgotten about the people who had vitamin D on board during COVID and zinc defeated COVID easily.
But I think also that has great effect against cancers.
They've got their own mechanisms, each of those nutrients against cancers.
Vitamin A, I think is important too because vitamin A, like I was saying, it unmasks
Cancer, to the immune system, cancer is good at camouflaging, and the immune system is a little bit confused about it.
Is this self, which I have to accept, or is it non-self, which I am employed to attack?
Vitamin A sort of reveals that.
um let's see so yeah vitamin d vitamin c vitamin a i think these are are really essential zinc these are the type of things that i make sure are part of my diet i also net i do what i asked the patients uh i've asked the patients to do i never eat sugar i really don't i i just stay away from it um uh you know my family and i joke that uh going to a supermarket with me is such torture
that you know if one of the younger ones pulls a bottle of some brightly colored liquid off the shelf says can we get this I say no put that back on the shelf it's diabetes in a bottle and so are no fun to shop with but uh let's see okay now
What if you do have cancer already?
I think we've got the best approach to our clinic because it's comprehensive without being toxic.
And by that, I mean, you can't receive four or five or six chemo treatments at once.
It'll probably kill you because it shuts down so many different processes so brutally in the body that I can't see any way to survive more than a couple of types of chemo at once.
And then you've got to be really careful about dosing.
But with the nutrients, what do we have to worry about?
When you sit down to a meal of, say, salmon and broccoli, you know, and maybe something else on the plate, are you worried, ooh, the vitamin C in the broccoli might interfere with the omega-3 fats of the salmon and, ah, you know, will I have some horrible interaction?
No, you don't have to worry about that like you do have to do with pharmaceuticals, right?
So that enables us
to benefit from not only the multiplicity of the nutrients, but the synergy among them.
And if you look at the metabolic pathways, it looks like a tapestry.
One nutrient is coming in here, and then another B vitamin might be joining it.
And then here are the lips breaking down here, the amino acids that broke down from the proteins.
They're all cooperating together, mostly in the sort of metropolis of the whole metabolism, which is the mitochondria.
So, I would say, you know, get good nutrition.
My, okay, my number one thing, actually, I have to add for not only cancer treatment, but prevention, is exercise.
And the reason that I say that is this.
For myself, I consider that my number one health insurance is exercise.
Number two is good food.
Close second.
number of far distant third is that stuff that you pay expensive premiums for which I never use which is useless to me pretty much.
I mean I have it but we don't use it.
So without exercise I think you are sacrificing your most important cancer preventive and the fact that it's free and available to everyone is wonderful.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yep.

[SPEAKER_02]
That's my favorite is exercise.

[SPEAKER_06]
Okay.
Livio.
Getting a good workout will help in so many ways.
I had one question and, you know, we're not a proponents of the mRNA technology, but we keep reading about how they're going to use it for cancer treatment.
And I wanted to get your take.
Is there any future benefit to this mRNA technology?

[SPEAKER_02]
You know why I think that's really playing with fire is even back before the COVID vaccines were distributed, Harvard and MIT researchers found that when you inject mRNA, that RNA will influence and change DNA.
And that has the possibilities to do so, and then they found that it did do so.
But that research was confirmed later by others.
And so when you want to
If you were to inject mRNA, you run the risk of DNA changes, but DNA changes, that's one of the biggest problems with cancer.
Part of the challenge in avoiding cancer is to repair DNA.
We're getting changes to DNA all the time, but our bodies repair that.
Well, when you introduce an outside influence that creates this problem, or take the COVID vaccines, how they introduce pseudo-uricil instead of a urodine, which was an amino acid there.
Okay.
You know about the frame shift mutation problem?
I wrote an article about this, I put it on the sub-stack.
It was basically, let's say you're typing on a keyboard in a dark room and you type,
Good morning.
But your fingers are shifted over one key to the right or to the left.
It's going to come out as, you know, totally different, uh, something completely unreadable and resembling English.
Right?
Okay.
So you see what I mean?
So then if you have these three as a codon's and, and then you shift one over, suddenly everything's shifted.
Now the immune system is really trying to fight back against such a, um,
And because it's linear, you know, the shift carries all the way down the chain.
So your immune system is fighting back against all these foreign proteins that gets made.
And when I say foreign proteins, proteins that are just kind of unrecognizable to the immune system.
So this is the kind of, so if you have an mRNA injection that includes something like the pseudo-uricil.
Now you're really introducing a problem, as we saw with COVID vaccines.
And I think this is part of the cancer risk that's come about from the COVID vaccines.
I think that's one of three or four major ways in which the COVID vaccines have introduced new risk for cancer.
The main one being, I still have to go back to Senef, Nye, and Kerriakopolis and Makala, when they wrote about the Type 1 interferon.
being suppressed by the COVID vaccines, because that is very central to our fight against cancer.
And so I think it's necessary with the nutrients to try to rebuild that type when they're in the front.
And I think the people who were injected with the mRNA vaccines, the further away you got from your last shot, I think the more we can acquire some confidence that perhaps you have dodged that bullet indeed.
you know, and perhaps you've put that risk behind you.
It said that up to 40 years after an assault on the body, you may have some influence of cancer arising.
That 40 years maybe, I don't know, it's just kind of a somewhat accepted number of years.
Like for example, let's say you smoked cigarettes.
Let's say you smoked a pack a day, your lungs
or charcoal gray on the interior, and indeed in medical school our cadaver happened to have COPD, happened to have been a smoker, and the lungs were sort of like pumpernickel bread, they were quite that dark, whereas the lung tissue from the other cadavers was more, you know, pinkish something.
So, but it said that if you quit smoking and that you don't smoke for 10 years, and assuming you don't live under a smokestack or something, then the lungs will clear out.
Well, I think you may have this kind of hope, a realistic hope after the COVID vaccines, after you've survived those COVID vaccines, all that you're ever going to get for a certain amount of time.
I think you have some resilience, which is going to carry you into the future.
But you got to stay with good nourishment, you know, not having junk food.
You've got to keep up the exercise and please never inject anything dangerous again.

[SPEAKER_06]
Thank you.
Yeah, it gives me a little bit of calm around knowing that the longer you are away from the jabs with so many people I know that took them, that hopefully they're safer the longer they're away from the last injection.

[SPEAKER_02]
When you saw the attenuating curve in all the various, you know, all the various type of injuries, post injection, you saw it attenuate, you saw it approach the x-axis.
And so it got closer and closer to zero the more time.
Well, now it's been a couple of years.
I think people who have not been really injured or killed by them have a resilience that may be more and more reliable as time goes on, you know?

[SPEAKER_06]
Great.
Dr. Hubert, thank you so much for your time this evening.
I'm going to share your new, your latest book, the third edition, neither safe nor effective, the evidence against the COVID vaccines.
Remind us where we can get a copy of your new book.

[SPEAKER_02]
This is on Amazon in both paperback and Kindle.

[SPEAKER_06]
Excellent.
So head over to Amazon and Janet will put a link in the chat for, uh, for easy access.
And yeah, I, I hope it all goes well with your, what you're doing with the legislative process in Arizona.

[SPEAKER_07]
Absolutely.

[SPEAKER_03]
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_06]
And, uh, yeah, maybe a little teeth into that bill would be even, even more helpful.
Yeah.
Add teeth.

[SPEAKER_07]
Definitely.

[SPEAKER_02]
I hope we can get that done.
I hope if so, it can serve as precedent for other states.

[SPEAKER_07]
I would like to do that.
That would be awesome.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, that would be great.
Definitely want to add teeth.
Thank you so much for your time, Dr. Huber.
And hopefully you'll come back and visit us later on again and give us an update on how that goes in Arizona.
That was a great conversation, Steve.
Very informative.
Thank you for asking such great questions.
I want to remind everyone that VSRF is a 501c3 non-profit organization and everything we do from hosting weekly webinars and producing vital educational content to providing a platform for truth relies entirely on your generous support.
Our mission is to amplify the voices of the vaccine injured, challenge the mainstream narrative, and demand real medical transparency.
And if you believe in this fight, I ask you to stand with us.
Every donation, no matter the size, fuels this movement and keeps the truth alive.
Visit backsafety.org backslash donate or text VSRF to 53-555.
The QR code is also on the screen.
Janet will put links in the chat and together we can make a meaningful impact.
Also, Steve, just a reminder that the 2025 Independent Medical Alliance Conference, formerly FLCCC, taking place this weekend, April 4th through 6th in Atlanta, Georgia.
This year's event marks a pivotal moment for the future of healthcare, bringing together some of the most respected voices in medicine to redefine what honest medicine truly means.
It will be three days of inspiring conversations and valuable networking.
and action-driven solutions that are set to transform healthcare.
Jenna will put the link in the chat, imahealth.org.
If you are already planning to go down there, find me and say hello.
Love to meet some of you out there watching.
I wanna remind everyone to get your tickets now for the Autism Health Summit Conference 2025 happening April 11th through 13th at the Town and Country Resort in San Diego.
If you can't make it in person, don't worry.
An affordable virtual ticket is also available
BSRF will be there, and Nurse Angela, Lisa, and Amanda will be at our booth.
So make sure to stop by.
We highly encourage you to get your ticket and join us for this incredible opportunity to hear from the amazing doctors we featured last week.
It's a chance to learn, connect, and be part of powerful conversations about autism and health.
Don't miss out.
Janet will drop the link in the chat.
Next week, guess who's coming back on the show?
It's been a while, Dr. Peter McCullough.
he'll be discussing the critically important topic of how to detox from the spike protein.
You won't want to miss that episode next week.
I'm going to sign off tonight, Steve, as we wrap up with, I'm going to leave you with an eye-opening clip from Tucker Carlson's conversation with Dr. Patrick Soon-Shong.
They take a deep dive into the spike protein, whether from the virus or the vaccine.
and its persistence in the body and its potential role in inflammation, immune suppression, and even cancer development.
Steve, did you know about Dr. Shang before just recently?
Oh, of course.

[SPEAKER_02]
Excellent.

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, this is, it was a really fascinating conversation.
And, um, yeah, I'm still not even sure what to make of it, but I'm going to go ahead and play a clip from that conversation as we close out the show.
And I want to thank all of you for being here tonight and your continued support.
Steve, we will see you next week.
Same time, same place.
And everyone have a great rest of your evening and a great weekend.
And thank you for being here and enjoy this closing video.
Good night.

[SPEAKER_05]
We're not the first people to notice there's been an increase in scary cancers in populations that didn't use to get them.
It's very obvious just from living here.
And a lot of people have pointed to both COVID, the virus, and to the mRNA COVID vaccines as potential causes.
Do you think that they're related?

[SPEAKER_04]
The best way for me to answer that is to look at history.
What we know about virally induced cancers is well established.
We know that if you get hepatitis, you get liver cancer.
Hepatitis is a virus infection.
We know if you get human papilloma virus, HPV, you get cervical cancer.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yes.
Certain kinds of throat cancer are caused by viruses as well, right?

[SPEAKER_04]
If you get HIV, you get Kaposi's sarcoma.
Yes.
So we call that oncogenic viruses in medical terms, meaning viruses that are induced carcinogenic.
And the fundamental basis for that
or threefold.
The hallmarks of an oncogenic virus is one it must persist and why?
Because it continues to create inflammation and why with inflammation you get suppression because your body is trying to suppress it.
It must inhibit the thing called P53 that's in your body to try and protect your body from not having cancer.
And if it persists and causes inflammation, and here in Hibis P53, it begins to have the hallmarks of an oncogenic virus.
So then the question is, does COVID, whether it come from the vaccine, which is the spike protein vaccine, or from the infection, which is spike-driven, that gets into every cell of our body,
because it goes to the cell of the body.
It goes wherever you have the thing called the ACE2 receptor, which is in the blood vessels.
So wherever you have a blood vessel in your body, it's where it's going to go.
And if it has an ACE2 receptor on that blood vessel, that's where it can go, because that's the purpose of the spike protein to penetrate, to hijack that ACE2 receptor and get into their cells.
So that's why it gets in the pancreas.
That's why you have brain fog, because it disrupts the blood vessels of the brain and causes mitochondrial dysfunction.
It's why in the colon, which has a high, in the GI tract, has a high H2 receptor.
That's why pancreas has a high H2 receptor, where that's why you people have, in the heart, you have dysfunction.
You've seen young people have sudden heart attacks all of a sudden.
You see young people with pancreatic cancer all of a sudden.
You see young people's colon cancer all of a sudden.
So is it by coincidence that post-COVID infection, post-COVID vaccine, we're seeing all these events where we know the spike protein goes there?
I don't think so.
I think it's not a coincidence.
So the question is, can we prove
is what I call long COVID virus persisting.
And the group at University of California, San Francisco has now definitively proven that and published that in papers like Nature.
Can we also prove that once you have that persistence of that virus, does that COVID virus suppress the natural killer cell?
Does that natural killer cell actually not only go to sleep, becomes what you call energy?
That's now been published.
The natural killer cell has gone to sleep.

[SPEAKER_05]
So by your definition, we just solved the mystery right there.
I think so.
I think this is a conversation I had with the... Well, but wait.
I mean, billions of people, literally billions of people had the COVID virus.
Over a billion got the spike protein vaccine.
So that's like, we're talking like a huge percentage of the Earth's population.
Unless I'm missing something.

[SPEAKER_04]
No, you understand what keeps you awake at night.
And it's kept me awake at night for two years, two and a half years.
And that's why I sort of abandoned everything just to focus on how do we clear the virus?
Because the answer is to clear the virus.
From the body.
From the body.
The answer is to stop the inflammation.

[SPEAKER_03]
Because it's chronic inflammation.
