[SPEAKER_06]
She's telling things that would make a grown man cry You like the way she makes you feel She got you spinning on a policy wheel
She got the medicine that everybody wants She got the medicine that everybody wants She got the medicine that everybody wants
Disappears
She got the medicine that everybody wants She got the medicine that everybody wants She got the medicine that everybody wants
Ooh, I got the medicine that everybody wants I got the medicine that everybody wants Ooh, I got the medicine that everybody wants I got the medicine, I got the medicine, I got the medicine

[UNKNOWN]
you

[SPEAKER_01]
Tonight on VSRF Live, we welcome back Dr. Pierre Corry for a powerful and emotional discussion about one of the most heartbreaking and grossly under-examined tragedies of our time, sudden infant death syndrome.

[SPEAKER_05]
Unexplained deaths or crib deaths were almost unheard of before the 1960s when immunization programs started to roll out.
And by the 70s, there was an epidemic of SIDS.
Then, when they started to look at records, they found consistent, reproducible study after study after study showing that temporal association of vaccines, about a quarter die on day one, about a half on day two, and by day seven, three quarters of children
with unexplained deaths occur within seven days.
And those ranges, some studies have found 90% of all deaths occur within seven days of vaccines.

[SPEAKER_01]
Hello and welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm your host, Livio Sanchez, and as always, I'm grateful to be spending this Thursday evening with all of you.
Tonight, we're honored to welcome back our good friend, the remarkable Dr. Pierre Corey, for a powerful and emotional conversation about one of the most heartbreaking and grossly under-examined tragedies of our time.
Sudden Infant Death Syndrome, or SIDS.
Together, in collaboration with Children's Health Defense, BSRF has been investigating a disturbing rise in recent SIDS cases, and tonight we're pulling back the curtain on what's really going on.
We'll explore urgent questions like, are other countries seeing the same spike in SIDS?
What's truly behind these sudden unexplained infant deaths?
What critical risk factors are being ignored?
What do parents deserve to know but aren't being told?
And most importantly, what should law enforcement, medical examiners, and first responders understand when these deaths are labeled unexplained?
Too often these tragedies are dismissed without a full and honest medical investigation, and too many families are left without answers, or worse, left with blame.
But before we begin, I wanna ask for your help.
We depend on your generosity to keep going and keep investigating, informing and fighting for those who have no voice.
And I'm gonna share a little screen here.
Forgive me while I do a little technical maintenance here.
Here's our information coming up so that you can help us.
There we go.
We depend on your generosity to keep going, to keep investigating, informing, and fighting for those who have no voice.
If you believe in our mission, please consider making a donation tonight.
Every dollar makes a real impact.
Just text VSRF to 53-555.
That's 53-555.
Text VSRF.
And now, without further ado, I want to welcome VSRF founder Steve Kirsch.
How are you, Steve?

[SPEAKER_12]
I'm great today.

[SPEAKER_01]
It's great to see you this evening.
And I'm just going to jump right into our guest because I want to spend as much possible time with Dr. Pierre Corey.
Pierre, welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you this evening, sir?
I'm doing great, Olivier.
Good to see you.
Hey, Steve.

[SPEAKER_12]
Hey, Pierre.

[SPEAKER_01]
Hey, always great to see you.
And I know everyone knows you are but I'm going to read a compressed bio.
Dr. Curry is a critical care physician, author and co founder of the leading edge clinic where he specializes in the treatment of long COVID vaccine injury and post viral syndromes renowned for his work on early COVID-19 treatment protocols.
Dr. Corey became a leading voice during the pandemic, advocating for patient-centered evidence-based approaches that challenge the medical establishment.
He is currently the chief medical advisor and a co-founder of Rebuild Medicine, a nonprofit focused on supporting research and guiding policy around repurposed drugs and alternative therapies for a range of diseases.
he previously previously served as chief of the critical care service and medical doc director of the trauma and life support center at the University of Wisconsin is also the senior editor of the acclaimed medical textbook point of care ultrasound now in its second edition and translated into seven
languages, Dr. Corey continues to be a sought-after educator and public speaker known for his integrity, clinical excellence, and commitment to medical freedom.
His work today focuses on helping patients recover from complex, often misunderstood conditions with a combination of science, compassion, and real-world clinical experience.
And that's just the tip of the iceberg, my friend.
I know we're going to be talking about SIDS and we're going to talk about so much more.
But of course, everyone's looking at what's going on in the news today with this feud with President Trump and Elon Musk.
And I just got to ask both of your takes on how this is unfolding.

[SPEAKER_05]
I don't know.
I just found it funny that they were seemingly best buddies, you know, a few weeks ago.
And now they're like completely throwing bombs at each other on Twitter.
And I got to tell you, I side with Elon that that bill is insane.
I don't know.
We're bankrupting the country.
That's all I got to say.
I don't want to get into politics, but I just think it's humorous.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah.
My I'll just say it was predictable.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
Right.

[SPEAKER_12]
It was predictable.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_12]
Though what could be predicted is when.
But it was predictable.

[SPEAKER_01]
True.

[SPEAKER_05]
Fair enough, fair enough.

[SPEAKER_01]
All right, well, I'm going to step aside for a while and come back with more questions.
But I want to remind everyone out there, if you have questions for Dr. Corey, for Steve, or even me, put them in the chat, all caps, and Janet will get them to me.
And I will ask as many as time will allow.
So take it away, Steve.

[SPEAKER_12]
OK, so let's start with your credentials, Pierre.
Didn't we cover that already?
No.
How many board certifications have they taken away from you?

[SPEAKER_05]
Those.
I've had three taken away.
There's no more to take.
They took them all.

[SPEAKER_12]
They took them all.
OK, good.

[SPEAKER_05]
Steve, I have a new acronym after my name.
So it's Pierre-Cory-MD-NLBC.
No longer board certified.
I wear that as a badge of pride.

[SPEAKER_12]
Oh my gosh.
And that's pretty typical, right?
Anybody who challenges the narrative?

[SPEAKER_05]
Oh, I mean, they've been doing that.
It's called the blitz.
It's a disinformation tactic.
They harass anyone who brings forth inconvenient science.
And, you know, I went down with Paul.
Paul and I were in the same here.
We actually defended ourselves together in the same zoo.
In fact, he was at my house and we sat before the appeals board.
And but it didn't matter.
You know, it's interesting.
I'll tell you a little anecdote.
The board, the appeals board was consisted of doctors.
And I got to tell you that experience was a little confusing.
I think more so to Paul than me.
I was much more cynical, but they were very somewhat deferential to us.
And we made our case, we told them our data, what we'd studied, what we'd found.
They were kind of very respectful.
And like Paul felt like we
Paul felt like, you know, they, they, they seem to agree with us and they seem to support us.
And I was like, Paul, don't, don't go, don't go there.
This is pre someone from above is going to whack us.
And then sure enough, we got whacked.

[SPEAKER_12]
But do you know if the board was actually on your side or did you ever talk to any of the people who?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yes.
Well, the committee, we don't know anyone in the committee, you know, they first voted to revoke us.
Then we went through it because we were thinking of a lawsuit.
There is a lawsuit ongoing.
So we had to go through the process.
So we did appeal, you know, each time.
My first defense, my appeals defense, you talk about 60, 70 pages, you know, a hundred references for everything I've ever said publicly.
And, uh, but it didn't matter.
They voted to revoke us and then we appealed and then we said, then we get a hearing.
So part of the process was the hearing.
So what I was talking about was the final hearing.
with this committee of three doctors, and it was a very pleasant conversation.
They were very, like I said, respectful, somewhat deferential, and were not attacking us, disagreeing with us.
They understood where we were coming from.
But that was all, that's just a dog and pony show.
I knew this was predetermined.
They were going to whack us.

[SPEAKER_12]
Basically, you wasted a lot of time.
Yeah, and preparing your defense like, you know, all the great references and all this and it was all for not because I gotta tell you this.

[SPEAKER_05]
So they accused me of essentially two things, right?
Talking bad about vaccines and for claiming that ivermectin was effective, right?
These are two felonies.
When we submitted our first defense, which was lengthy and highly referenced about all of the alarming data around the vaccines, do you know what their reply was to our defense?
Their reply was, your claims of risks or associated with death is contradicted by, and they just quoted a CDC statement that the vaccines are safe and effective.
They didn't give us like a litany of, I think they might have cited one or two studies, but they literally relied just on CDC opinion and WHO opinion.
I was just like, is this really what the debate is going to be about?
So whatever.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah.
But that's what you're up against.
Oh yeah.
So do you think that there were any sympathetic people on that committee?
And do you know their names?

[SPEAKER_05]
No, so I don't know who's on the wider committee.
This was the appeals committee that I got to meet in person and they were kind.
I don't know the names in the actual ABIM committee and even I think that committee, you know, it still comes from above.
I mean, again, I don't think I can be too cynical at this point about medicine, but
It was clear to me that the decision was made to, you know, it's a form of censorship, right?
So if they take away your boards, they take away my voice, right?
So, like, I used to do a lot of expert legal reviews and testify affidavits.
You have to be highly credentialed.
I cannot now testify on anyone's behalf in a court of law.
And you know, I've been defending a lot of people.
I've defended Ryan Cole, Merrill Nass, Michael Turner out in Washington.
I've defended Charles Hoff in Canada.
I've defended this guy Shelton in Australia, another doctor in Australia.
And like the last time I tried to defend one of them,
And I told the lawyers, I was like, you sure you want me?
Because the other side is just going to start with, so Dr. Corey, you've had your board certificate.
And sure enough, that's what they start with.
And so not only that, but when I mentioned in the media, especially around the measles deaths, because I was the expert to review the cases for CHD, there was a couple of media articles.
And of course, they start right off with Dr. Pierre Corey, who has been decertified.
So there's a whole point to the thing.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, so did you have three separate hearings for three separate boards, or do they just have one hearing?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, one hearing for all three boards?
Well, yeah, because all three boards, all three specialties are underneath internal medicine.
So pulmonary is underneath, you know, internal medicine.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Well, that economizes.
At least you didn't have to go through the whole thing three times.
Did Paul think you were going to win?

[SPEAKER_05]
You know, I'm gonna call him out here, but I, cause he was at my house that day and we were talking afterwards and he's like, you know, Pierre, you know, I really think, cause he also felt that they were somewhat sympathetic and like respectful to us.
And they, they could tell that we were deeply studied.
Cause we actually presented, we had a couple of PowerPoints.
So we had some references, some data, things that we use that we found the most alarming and which supported anything we said.
And, but I said, Paul, please, man, you can't be that dumb at this point.
There's no way we're going to survive this.

[SPEAKER_12]
And you're not allowed to record any of that or have any interaction.
So you're not allowed to engage or ask them questions?
Like, did you understand what I just said?

[SPEAKER_05]
No, I think there was a little back and forth.
I might have been able to ask because it was somewhat conversational.
They asked us questions, we presented, then they asked us questions, and I might have asked them a question.
Like I said, it was not a contentious...

[SPEAKER_12]
But you can't you can't reach out to them.
You like you don't know how to contact them.
You don't know their names.

[SPEAKER_05]
You can't reach out and sign Steve I'm not gonna push out through an indoor, you know, it's just like there's nothing They have so much power.
I mean, that's crazy

[SPEAKER_12]
All right.

[SPEAKER_05]
There's a lawsuit, so we'll see.

[SPEAKER_12]
All right, good.
The stats, you saw the video before you came on, right, of you?
You were talking about some stats and studies?

[SPEAKER_05]
Oh yeah, I heard myself talk, yeah.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, so I missed the study though.
What was the study that had those stats?

[SPEAKER_05]
That is really key, Steve.
This study, this paper, it's by Neil Miller in Toxicology Reports from 2021.
It is an absolute stunning indictment of the relationship between vaccines and sudden infant death.
It is an overwhelming, like,
I wouldn't want to say that's like a gripping paper because it's exciting to read.
But when you just you get like, like, you know, I mean, we're just drowned in data implicating that the vaccines are the primary cause of these sudden deaths.
And from all over the world, and no matter how you slice the data, it just points to vaccines, vaccines, vaccines.

[SPEAKER_12]
And where his data collection in the study, where did that come from?

[SPEAKER_05]
So it was a review of many papers, quite a few studies, which looked at associations and timings between death, papers on VAERS, papers from other countries, data from other countries.
And I'll go through some of the more damning pieces of data after maybe I present the case.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, so that doesn't surprise me.
What does surprise me is that the medical community just looks the other way on all this stuff, right?

[SPEAKER_05]
It's astonishing.
In fact, let me drop one piece of data right now.
In 1978, 79, there were 11 sudden deaths after vaccination in Tennessee.
And it was determined that it was probably from a hot lot, which has been part of the history of vaccines, back to polio, back to everything, right?
And five of the babies died on the day of vaccination.
And nine of the 11 babies had a shot from that lot.
And so in that year they had from the same lot, five of them died the day of, and initially the health authorities apparently stated that they couldn't rule out a relationship.
But then guess what?
Listen, the FDA said there was no evidence of any cause and effect.
And then the CDC chained in and said, literally called them coincidental.

[SPEAKER_12]
Wow.
And then nothing like protecting the public.
So why do they protect the public when there's a problem with baby formula?
Like one kid gets sick from baby formula, they shut the plant down, hundreds of thousands of people.

[SPEAKER_05]
I think the baby formula industry is nothing compared to the vaccine industry.
I mean, that's a behemoth.
I don't know what the size of those industries are, but I gotta imagine that, and vaccine manufacturers are much more powerful.
They're much more embedded in the lobby and Congress and controlling the regulatory.
I mean, baby formula guys aren't controlling the FDA.
So that's why they get shut down and the vaccines can keep marching.
Oh, wait, wait, Steve, another point on that Tennessee report.
is after that occurrence of those babies who all died in 1979, internal memos were found with one of the vaccine manufacturers where they came up with a new policy.
All lots should be distributed geographically across the United States so that this doesn't happen again.
So that's essentially admitting we know it'll cause a cluster of deaths and we want to disperse that association by making sure a lot is not sent to the same town or city.
I mean, this is like, we're talking about just high crimes.
I mean, just evil, pure evil.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah.
So suppose you're a victim of this crime.
You have your parent, your child dies.
You can be charged with murder and talk about that.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_12]
Okay.
So how, how would you defend yourself?
Is there any evidence you can produce from the autopsy?
Like what, what would you, if you were in that position,
where your child died, you're now accused of murder, how do you defend yourself?

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, if it's truly unexplained death, so there's no other causes, and they're going to investigate you.
So if there's no evidence that you've harmed your child, you're a loving, attentive parent, I think you have that on your side.
But I would just go back to that Miller paper.
You just need a good expert.
The data is overwhelming to show that the almost certain cause is the vaccine, particularly dependent on the timing, which I'll talk about.
You know, you can do, and especially this case that I'm going to talk about with these two twins.
Not only were they two twins who died on the same night, right?
What's the coincidence of that happening?
But they died on essentially the night of the seventh day, which is right in that window where
up to 90% of all unexplained deaths of infants occur.
So you have the temporal relationship.
You have the fact that they got the first time they got a flu shot that day.
They'd gotten the other two vaccines.
They got three that day.
The only new one was the flu.
And also, there's this other issue, Steve, with autopsies.
Two autopsies are not the same.
For SIDS, you've got to really closely dissect the brainstem, because that's where the breathing centers are.
And that's what causes these deaths.
The babies stop breathing.
It's because there's damage to the neuronal center that controls your breathing.

[SPEAKER_12]
So can you pick that up in an autopsy?

[SPEAKER_05]
You can, they have, they have, but they don't always do them that carefully.
They just kind of look at the lungs, the heart, and there's other reports that it's not uncommon to find like congested lungs with pulmonary edema, but really to pinpoint that this was an attack on the breathing center, you'd have to really closely dissect the brain stem.

[SPEAKER_12]
And so does that work 100% of the time?

[SPEAKER_05]
I don't know that.
I'm not sure of that, but it's very common in well-done autopsies that they do find evidence of inflammation and damage to that center.
I don't know the number.

[SPEAKER_12]
And do you know the number from the other side, from the parent side of it?
Do you know the number of parents who are actually convicted and go to jail after Sid's death?

[SPEAKER_05]
I don't know the number, but
You know, that's not something I looked into, but if you remember last year, that man down in Texas who was on death row, and I think he ended up, I shouldn't talk, I don't know if he ended up getting actually, because there was a lot of activity to see him.
But this was, I think a somewhat autistic man whose baby died.
He brought the baby to the ER and died.
The baby was clearly sick, but he was convicted of shaken baby syndrome.
And if you look at the history of parents convicted of shaken baby syndrome,
Almost certainly quite a number of them was it was almost certain the vaccine.
And so you talking about tragedy laid upon tragedy, right?
You lose your baby.
And now not only do you go to prison, but you're sentenced to life.
Can you can you write a more horrible story than that?
It's absolutely unconscionable.
I can't even think about it.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah.
And the sad thing is that it seems to happen over and over again, and there's no stopping it.
There's no turning it around.
There's no appeal to sanity here.
So that Neil Miller article is in the peer-reviewed scientific literature.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yes, it is.
Imagine that, Stephen.
It's still alive there.
It hasn't gotten retracted.

[SPEAKER_12]
And it was published in 2021, which is... How could it not have been retracted, Peter?
Surely they could find something wrong with it.

[SPEAKER_05]
Because I think the only reason why is it's in something called toxicology reports.
It should be in the American Academy of Pediatrics journal.
I mean, it's such a major public health implicating.
If we lived in a normal world without all this, you know.
corporate corruption and evil.
That would be given attention, not only by the proper journals, but the media would carry it as a news story.
I want to call it a life-altering article for me, but it opened my eyes like you wouldn't believe.
I was absolutely devastated reading that.

[SPEAKER_12]
So doctors, though, still believe that the vaccines are totally safe.
The pediatrician, when they give the shot, they're believing it's totally safe.
If they have a death, they'll just believe that it's a coincidence, right?

[SPEAKER_05]
Absolutely.
I mean, I said in that intro, right?
So before the 1960s, in terms of neonatal mortality data, there was no mention ever of crib death.
Once the first vaccination programs rolled out in the 60s,
crib death started to appear and they started to skyrocket.
And by 1969, there was actually a hearing that actually in 1969, there was the number one cause of infant death was this sudden new entity of crib death number one.
And then there was a hearing held and a woman testified where her child died.
Four hours after DPT vaccine, and she recounted what happened in the emergency room.
When she was in the emergency room, she asked the doctor, she told the doctor, could this be the vaccine?
You know, she just got her first shot four hours ago and the ER doctor says, no, it's just a coincidence.

[SPEAKER_12]
And they believe it too, right?

[SPEAKER_05]
I think there's a dense psychology of doctors that they cannot see the harms of the treats they give.
And also they also believe what they are told, right?
And the generals will scream at them that it's totally safe, totally safe.

[SPEAKER_12]
Medical school, they were told it was safe in medical school and they need a paper to dispute that.
And so all the deaths that you're seeing, those are just coincidences.

[SPEAKER_05]
I think you know the drill.
Do you want me to present this case?
Yeah, let's go.
Basically, this is actually two cases, but it's a case of fraternal twins, Dallas and Tyson Shaw.
They were actually born premature at 29 weeks, which is fairly premature.
One of them was breach, and so they did emergency c-section, went right to the NICU, and they had pretty typical complications of prematurity, like some retinopathy, a small hemorrhage in the brain, but really nothing serious.
And also they have an underdeveloped respiratory system, right?
So they had to be on
a CPAP aeronautics ventilator.
They were given caffeine to stimulate the breathing, but they were well cared for.
I've reviewed a lot of records and I was actually pretty impressed with how well they did.
It was pretty uneventful.
Four weeks in the NICU, six weeks in a neonatology service, and they were discharged on what would have been their first day of life if they had been born at that term.
And for the you know the the event will talk about is related to a vaccination they received at almost 19 months of age it's for their 18 month wellness visit but during their 18 months.
They did have some delays, but they kind of all resolved.
They were looking for speech delay, vision delay, hearing, and really nothing turned up.
One of them had a little bit of motor delay, but in the interview that the mom did with CHT, they were just happy, healthy children with no issues right around the time of this terrible event.
And so what happened was it's interesting that they were delayed on DPT.
They would do some months before and so they go in for their wellness visit and they were given DPT flu and hep A.
And what's interesting is the mom had said, she's like, I wasn't an anti-vaxxer, but we had concerns around the flu vaccine because the father's side of the family had had multiple issues.
And so they asked proper questions to the doctor.
Are you sure this is going to be safe?
And of course, reassured that it would be safe.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, we've tested it.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_12]
And then it's like the COVID vaccines.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_05]
So then so they get their vaccines, they go home, I believe that night, there was no real issues.
But the mother really kind of sadly described what happened in the morning is that
The kids came out of their room and they were just limp.
They had like no energy.
You know, they felt just dead, limping in the mom's arms.
One of them just laid down on the rug, didn't even make it to the mom, just like lied down on the living room rug.
And she was really worried.
She'd never seen her babies like that.
They just looked right.
And then she described like, you know, the pot belly of the infant.
She said their bellies were flat.
They had like green diarrhea.
And she's a young mom.
It's her first kid.
So she calls her mom on FaceTime and the mom saw the kids and she said, they look like they're dying.
We have to go to the ER right now.
Right.
So that's day, what's called day two.
Um, they go to the ER, you know, the doctor even said in the record that, um, he thought it was likely, you know, some reaction related to the vaccination.
The kids might've perked up a little bit because they ate a lollipop.
They were given a Tylenol, which is really bad.
Um, and then they were sent home that day and they continue to be really quite listless with diarrhea for quite a few days.
Um, so much so that the following, so seven days later, the mom had tried to take the kids to the pediatrician and they weren't taking back for more damage.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_12]
Did you suspect at that point that it was the vaccine?

[SPEAKER_05]
You know, uh,
Yeah, well, of course, yes.
Because even the doctor said, they knew that the kids, because the father said when he got home that day and he saw his kids, because the father works a lot, when he got home that day, he said he was shocked.
He'd never seen such happy, healthy babies look like they're dying within 24 hours.
He was really shocked at their appearance.
So everyone was rightly concerned.
They all knew this was bad news with the vaccine.
But this is before the event, right?
So the day of death,
She tried to, um, did they go back to the pediatrician at all?
No, they didn't go back.
They tried.
She, the mom still was concerned about them some days later and tried to get an appointment.
There were no walk-ins.
And then the nurse on the pediatrician's line just basically told them to take the brat diet, you know, I think banana.

[SPEAKER_12]
Okay.
Brat diet.
There you go.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, because they were still having some diarrhea.
So and then day seven, they still had diarrhea.
But what's interesting is that the mom said it was their best day since the vaccine.
They actually the first time they were kind of playing and having normal activity that day.
And then unfortunately, you know, the kids went to bed.
And in the next morning, you know, the mom went in, and she didn't hear them get up, you know, and that their usual time and she waited and then she went in there and
Um, she found them cold and what she said is look like one of them was in rigor mortis.
And so you have two fraternal twins, um, dying on the same night in the middle of the night.
Right.
And, um,
So, why would we implicate the vaccines?
Well, there has been a change leading up to that death.

[SPEAKER_12]
Must have been something else, right?
Must have been something else.
Because it's like vaccines and autism.
But one thing we know is that vaccines don't cause autism.

[SPEAKER_05]
That's all you need to know.
There you go.
So let me go through some of the data from that paper.
And then maybe we can swing back to the police, because maybe I'll talk about that now.
The other parts of the interview that the mom described, which is very common, is not only did they lose their children, but they suddenly had police up in their face asking them very accusatory questions.
you know, really probing and prying.
I mean, the police, their first reaction in all these cases is to treat it as a murder.
And so, you know, to hear of the trauma that they went through and they wanted to take, I think they wanted to take her to the station and, you know, but they were really relentless with their questioning of the parents and, you know, quite traumatizing.
And in fact, the mom is considered still a suspect.
And so that case has not been resolved yet.
And that's really concerning.

[SPEAKER_12]
What do you think it will take to resolve?

[SPEAKER_05]
I think it's all going to be up to the DA.
I mean, if she's a suspect in a murder, the DA has to decide whether he wants to prosecute her or not.
And as far as I know, they don't have any evidence that she's done anything.

[SPEAKER_12]
How do these cases usually go when there's a case like this where there's evidence that there's vaccine harm?
It's documented.
He went to the ER.

[SPEAKER_05]
I know that we should have Aaron Siri here.
He probably knows that he's the he's the lawyer.
I haven't looked into like the legal records of these cases, but
But here's the deal.
So, as I said before, these vaccination programs basically started creating an epidemic of crib death.
It's not even a question.
The timing is there, it rapidly increased, and it continued to increase through the 70s, through the 80s.
And then,
What?
And there's plenty of cases of twin deaths, I mean, of twins dying on the same day, all related to, you know, close to the vaccine.

[SPEAKER_12]
Right after a vaccine, right?

[SPEAKER_05]
I mean, it's so clear.
In that paper, they say all of these case reports, there's cases of two twins dying simultaneously three hours after a vaccine, simultaneously dying at the same time.

[SPEAKER_12]
How does the medical community like ignore this evidence?
So you can show them.

[SPEAKER_05]
It's so rare and unexplained that there's nothing you can do about it.
The vaccines are a net benefit and you got to you got to lose a few to save a bunch.
I don't know.

[SPEAKER_12]
I don't know.
You know, it's funny.
I was looking at the flu vaccine, the time series plot of the flu vaccine, and it looks like, OK, there's a little
dip here with the healthy vaccine effect and then it's a straight line and most people would look at that plot and say oh that looks like a safe vaccine and they would not notice that on day zero the 500 deaths like it just spikes up it's one dot
on the plot and your eyes are drawn to all the little dots at the bottom and your eyes never go to the top.
Like we've known the flu vaccine kills people, right?
I mean, it's very unusual.
I mean, not even the COVID vaccines have a profile like the flu vaccine.
And so it's clear in the data and yet everybody's recommending the flu shots.

[SPEAKER_05]
And Steve, you have to know something that you probably do, but what's odd about that, it's so paradoxical because as a physician, right?
My, especially as an internist, my primary and core skill is a diagnostician.
And the tool in which I use, in which I arrive at 90% of my diagnosis is a good and careful history.
It's one of the truisms in medicine.
You're supposed to really come to diagnosis just by asking the right questions.
And I'm actually, without sounding egotistical, I'm quite a good history taker.
And I know that because I found out stuff and made diagnosis that many other doctors haven't, because I keep asking.
I always talk to family.
I get as much information as I can.
But the way in which I do it is I am insanely and obsessively chronological and linear.
I always want to know, you know, if you come in with a problem today, when did this start?
What happened last week?
What were you doing then?
Like, I always want to know any of the factors that could be leading to why you're ill. And so to know that temporal association and precipitating factors are such key things to ascertain causes of death.
And you're finding like this mass dismissal of this association.
I mean, I think it's not
It's willful dismissal.
They know.
I mean, when I stated those comments by the FDA and CDC around the cases in Tennessee, I mean, it shows you it's another revealing of how just incredibly captured these agencies are.
Do not talk ever about the vaccines.
Do not ever implicate them in deaths.
But here's the thing.
So there's all these cases, right?
And then this absurdity happens, which is the American Association of Pediatrics sees this epidemic of baby deaths.
So what do they do?
They come up with the Back to Sleep campaign.
And so Steve, when I was reading that, because I haven't thought about that campaign, I was just thinking to myself, I was like, you know, humans have been sleeping for millennia and raising babies for millennia.
Crib deaths never happened.
But suddenly in the 1990s,
Ah, we figured out it's the babies who sleep on their stomachs.
You just got to flip them over.

[SPEAKER_12]
Now, Steve, you're going to like- So easy, Pierre, and we missed the whole time.

[SPEAKER_05]
It's just such an absurd thing.
Like, that's literally what they came up with to try to explain away these deaths, but it gets worse, Steve.
So what happens is the Back to Sleep campaign gets launched and lo and behold, Sid's deaths decrease by 9%.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yes, they got mis-categorized, didn't they?

[SPEAKER_05]
100%.
And they did this very careful analysis.
So for every decrease of SIDS, there was increases in things like unknown, unexplained suffocation, you know, unexpected F, you know.
Zero sign game.
When you lump together the codes,
It's all a net increase going and going on.
So the back to sleep campaign was just like a magic show.
You know, it's just ridiculous.
So these things keep continue to occur.
And then
In this paper is where they did a really nice job.
So let's talk about the temporal associations.
So they looked at all the deaths and they tried to see when the kid got vaccinations, right?
And in study after study, there's only one study that seemed to contradict it, but the guy cited like six and they all show the same thing, which is that 70 to 90% of all sudden deaths of these infants are occurring within seven days.
Remember these twins were on day seven.
number one.

[SPEAKER_12]
It's always after a vaccine.
It's never before a vaccine appointment.
Yeah, that is odd.

[SPEAKER_05]
I haven't been able to figure that one out.
I'm going to go back to your point with the COVID and flu vaccine.
So when you look at the day, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven,
Massive explosion on day two.
It's like the most common day to die by far.
It's like 50% of the deaths.
Right, which is, which is completely insane.
It's absolutely insane.
And Steve, as you know, I don't have to explain it to you, but maybe I'm sure you've hammered your audience with this over the years.
But if it's a random event and unrelated to the vaccines,
What should the death rate be on each day?
It should have no relation.
You just see the same deaths on day.
And so there was a couple of paragraphs in the paper where they did this exercise.
They're saying, assuming that it's a stable random event, the amount of deaths that would be expected on day two would be 17 in this study.
And they were finding like 150 deaths clustering on day two.

[SPEAKER_12]
Right, right, of course.

[SPEAKER_05]
And so it's all, it's all the temporal association so reproduces.

[SPEAKER_12]
It's undeniable.

[SPEAKER_05]
Undeniably, you don't even have to discuss it.

[SPEAKER_12]
So when you bring that to the attention of a pediatrician and you say, look at this data, like what happens?
Does the pediatrician's eyes glaze over?

[SPEAKER_05]
Nobody's bringing up that paper to them.
I would love, I would love for a parent to take that paper and bring it in.
I mean, doctors don't like to be told to read stuff.
They're going to be like, yeah, you know, I'll take a look at it.
They'll blow you off.
But then here's the other interesting thing.
So,
Then there's this really concerning study.
You're going to love this.
So somebody invented this monitor that I think you could put on a finger or under the baby where you can monitor their breathing.
So you could see if they're having what's called apneas or hypopneas.
So an apnea is when you literally stop breathing or there's a pause in your breathing.
Check it out, Steve.
They measured the rates of these events preceding the vaccine.
And almost like you were talking about the little bars.
So there are some events every night in these infants, right?
Tiny, tiny little bars, right?

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_05]
Vaccine day.
Boom.
That night, the apnea is shoot up.
Day two, which totally matches with the death data, day two is like double day one.
The amount of apnea events that are occurring second day after vaccines is astronomical.
Then it continues for weeks, but it does go down.
But you see this massive peak, and then there's another peak around day seven, and not as close as the day two.
So you see how the data all lines up, right?
So it's just overwhelming the amount of data to show that these are, you know, that there's a relation.
You know, and then there was a case report where there was two twins healthy prior to the vaccines.
Their deaths were recorded as SIDS, right?
And this is in a paper where some, some the author of the paper wrote the likelihood of twin infants dying suddenly and simultaneously of SIDS natural disorder defies credulity.
So at least there's someone with their brain turned on.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, one guy.

[SPEAKER_05]
But here's the other aspect, which I think is really important for you to know, and I think this has major applications to the parents that are listening, if they are in that unfortunate position where they have to somehow vaccinate their kids, even though they have deep concerns, is that the vast majority
of crib deaths or sudden deaths are occurring in kids less than one year of age.
It rapidly goes down after one year.
Almost all of them are occurring because these are underdeveloped immune systems.
There's another paper that actually I was reading, it's more of a hypothesis paper, but they were saying that there's a good proportion of kids in their first year who's
CYP450, it's the part that the enzymes that metabolize substances in your liver, that can be very underdeveloped.
And so some of these kids are getting 24 to 26 shots in their first year of life, and they're not clearly metabolizing all the adjuvants, all the excipients and whatnot.
But anyway, it mostly occurs in one year of life.
So check this out.
In Japan,
They had all of these death claims in Japan that were climbing.
This is, I think the early seventies.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_05]
And so as a result, Japan moves the age of first vaccination, I think it was either pertussis or DPT, either the combination or just pertussis.

[SPEAKER_12]
Just one vaccine.

[SPEAKER_05]
Two years old and deaths crib deaths and claims virtually disappeared.

[SPEAKER_12]
That's a coincidence period.

[SPEAKER_05]
Oh, you think so?

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_05]
And there was another, there's another one like that.
Now, another factoid that which I think you're gonna like, because it's a statistical thing, but
You know, we just went through the temporal association with the vaccine.
Now, there are much more rare, there are non-vaccine associated SIDS cases, right, where unvaccinated kids, you know, are found dead in their bed.
But guess when they cluster?
They don't have any relationship to, obviously they're not vaccines, but they cluster, I think, in the winter and fall.
So like there's a seasonal element to that.
I don't know what the relation of what would cause that, but I was actually on vacation in Hawaii and I was golfing with a couple of people that I had met, a doctor, and he brought his friend who was like a podcaster, a very active guy out in California actually on health policy for decades.
And he has a podcast and he told me he has eight kids and one of his kids actually died of SIDS, but was unvaccinated.
And he told me
Same thing happened to him with the police.
The police were all over him and his wife when his child died.
He said it was absolutely... Unvaccinated, though.
Unvaccinated, yeah.
I mean, it can happen.
It's much more rare.
But like I said, those have a different pattern of timing.
But, uh, yeah.
So, um, and then the, um, uh, the other interesting thing, Steve is right.
Like we have this discussion, right?
Every, and then you, you talk to someone who's asleep, who's Provax or whatever, and they're just going to dismiss everything that I just said.
Interestingly though.
You know, the Vaccine Injury Compensation Program Court, which we know has failed millions of injured kids.
But in that court, amongst the cases that were brought claiming death due pretty much to the DPT vaccine, a shocking 68% were awarded compensation.
So in a court of law that presents data, you can get compensated because it's inarguable.
You can't deny this.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, it's a table injury, right?
It's what?
A table injury.

[SPEAKER_05]
What's a table injury?

[SPEAKER_12]
A table injury means that they have a table.
And it says that for the DTP vaccine, that if you die within 24 hours, you're in the table.
And if you're in the table, you can get compensation.
I think that's the reason.

[SPEAKER_05]
That's probably what drives it.
But they know that, right?
But yeah, that's kind of the most alarming of the data and that stupid back to sleep campaign.
And the other thing, the other crime that they committed is back around that time,
Get this Steve, there used to be an ICD code for vaccination death.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yes, but that's been eliminated.

[SPEAKER_05]
No other death can be.
Yeah, exactly.
Can be, uh, coded as, uh, caused by a vaccine anymore.
That's right.

[SPEAKER_12]
Brilliant.
It's totally.
So that's what I got for you.
That's how science works.
Okay.
Let's, let's, uh, uh, open it up for questions, Livia.
Awesome.
Thank you.
I have a few questions.

[SPEAKER_01]
You've been a doctor for a long time.
One thing I had not heard of
until after the rollout of the COVID vaccines is SADS, Sudden Adult Death Syndrome.
And I'm curious how often you heard that prior to 2021.
And while you were talking, I was looking up all these stories and you just see 30 year olds all over the place dropping dead.
Yeah.
SADS.
And I had never heard of it until after the shots rolled.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah.
So we don't we don't know what causes it, Livio.
But the one thing we do know is it wasn't the vaccine.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, that's, we always know that.
I mean, that's just, but here's the thing.
Um, again, I'm not tooting my own horn, but I was, um, I had a couple of subspecialties that I was known for being an expert in within my field.
Uh, one of which was actually, um, the management of acute medical emergencies and, um, and cardiac arrest resuscitation team.
So I used to train, develop structure, come up with protocols.
I had a very unique way of, of.
managing those teams.
And I did a lot of research on sudden cardiac arrest or sudden cardiac death.
I was also an expert at the ethics and legality of DNR orders.
I was very, very involved ethically.
But I remember studying data.
I mean, sudden adult death or sudden cardiac death in young people is extremely rare.
There's a couple of like
conduction abnormalities in the heart that can bring about a sudden death.
It's almost all arrhythmias in young people, but distinctly rare.
Kids don't drop dead.
20-year-olds don't drop dead.
If there's no drugs involved, it's just so extremely rare.
What's the ICD code for that?
I have no idea, Steve.
I don't keep that in my head.

[SPEAKER_12]
OK, because like so if you were to to query the CDC wonder and ask about that particular ICD code, do you think that it would actually show up as an increase?

[SPEAKER_05]
I'm sure there's a few.
It's almost like the crib desk.
I'm sure there's a few codes that would describe, you know, cardiac arrest, unexplained cardiac arrest, sudden.
I mean, SADS is a media term, right?
It's not a.
I don't think it's a real medical term.
No, no, it's not.
It's what we came up with because we're like, oh, look, it says, you know, it matches the SIDS.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, no, it never happened before.
Like these kids dying from cardiac arrests, these are very unusual before the vaccines rolled out.

[SPEAKER_05]
And the football players, the athletes, right?
I mean, you know, I'm a big Premier League fan, and I remember in 21, there was a game on a Saturday in the same stadium where there were, I think, two players arrested.
No, two people in stands, two people in the stands and one player on the field.
and in another game on the same day another player arrested.
So like in one week in the Premier League.
Nothing to see here Steve.

[SPEAKER_12]
And normally that would be like maybe one incident in 10 years or something like that?

[SPEAKER_05]
What's the statistical probability of two arrests in the stands and one on the field on the same day?

[SPEAKER_12]
Well, I could only tell you that if you give me the stats for what it is in a typical year before the vaccines rolled out.

[SPEAKER_05]
I'd never heard of it before.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, OK.

[SPEAKER_01]
So the famous one was the NCAA player Hank Gathers, who went to Leo.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yes, exactly.
Exactly.
I think he had a hypertrophic cardiomyopathy.
He had a normally enlarged part of his heart.

[SPEAKER_12]
But he was fully vaccinated, right?

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, this was a long time ago, wasn't it?

[SPEAKER_12]
90s.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
But he's bringing up an example of yes, there can be a sudden cardiac arrest in an athlete, but it's distinctly rare.
And many athletes are screened, even as extremely rare it is, you know, they do try to screen high level athletes.
Obviously, if you're pro, you're getting an EKG and echo and all these things generally picked up.

[SPEAKER_01]
And you mentioned football players, Larry Allen died suddenly on a beach in Mexico on vacation with his family.
And I haven't looked it up, but there was never any cause of death.
It was a sad situation as they call it.

[SPEAKER_05]
No, I mean, I don't know how you guys do it, Steve.
I mean, we're five years in and I mean, you're just pounding data out there and data out there.
And it's like, and we get ignored still.
And, you know, I love it.

[SPEAKER_12]
I'll tell you, I love the data.
You know, I did not get a lot of sleep, which is why I'm feeling a little groggy here last night, because I woke up early because I had this idea and I thought, oh, man, I'm missing this.
I'm like, so this thing has been in front of me the whole time.
It's that when people get vaccinated, they get two shots.
And I was just treating them as vaccinated or unvaccinated and comparing them.
But once you look at, there are actually three states.
There's zero, one, or two vaccinations at the cutoff time.
And so I changed it from just comparing the two shots or whether you're Vax versus unvaccinated and said, OK, let's look at dose two people.
Let's look at people who just got dose one by the cutoff.
Let's look at people who are unvaccinated.
And once I did that,
It took me a while to write the code to make sure that they were all mutually exclusive in the categories.
Once I wrote the code and generating the file, I brought it into Excel.
And then I did it just from scratch.
It took me like five minutes.
And then I did the plot.
And the plot showed that if you got one vaccine dose, your net mortality increase was 10%.
for all ages.
If you got two shots, your net mortality increase was 20%.
And I wrote in the spreadsheet, dose dependency, game over.

[SPEAKER_05]
And that is it is an unassailable proof of causation when you see or efficacy.
If you're studying a therapy, if you're studying a dangerous intervention, it's it's damning for.

[SPEAKER_12]
But what I should have done was write game over asterisk, except when it.
regarding the COVID vaccine, right?
It's like, if this were anything else.

[SPEAKER_05]
Can I add one more thing about the SED?
So, and also I want to mention one thing.
I want to put in a plug for if you guys, I'm sure you guys know who Dr. Paul Thomas is.
Yes, he's very well regarded pediatrician and was bold enough to speak out.
And he did the study on his own practice, vaxed versus unvaxed.
Right.
He, he and his wife wrote a book called Vax Fax.
I think it's on the CHD label.
It is, there you go.
Steve, if you haven't told your audience to read it, that it should be required reading of any parent in this country.
That book should be read by everybody.

[SPEAKER_12]
Wouldn't that be great?

[SPEAKER_05]
And anyway, so Didi, Paul's wife, who I was texting with earlier, she just answered your question, by the way, Steve.
The ICD-10 code for SADs, which actually, you know what SADs is defined as in the ICD book?
It's not sudden adult death syndrome.
It's sudden arrhythmic death syndrome.
It's I-49.9, Steve.
I don't know why you need to know that.
Maybe if you want to do your analysis.
But that's only for sudden arrhythmic death syndrome, which I guess the SAD, you know, these
these people suddenly dying on ball fields and schools.
You know, I would assume that's probably what it goes under.

[SPEAKER_12]
I will look it up.
MCOD.
Yeah.
Database.
CDC wonder.

[SPEAKER_01]
So I want to I want to switch gears for a second because you were actually supposed to be on our measles episode, Pierre.
And since then, the propaganda about measles has been stepped up.
The government is now recommending
that if you travel domestically or internationally or anywhere to get a measles vaccine.
And I'm going to share a video because I want to get your thoughts on how the legacy media is portraying measles right now.
So here comes a little real on how measles are being portrayed.

[SPEAKER_10]
With summer vacations quickly approaching, a serious and concerning new travel warning from the CDC urging travelers not to fly unless they're vaccinated against the measles.

[SPEAKER_09]
That's a significant shift that reflects that global cases of measles are rising.

[SPEAKER_10]
The agency cautioning that travelers can catch measles in hubs like airports and train stations, as well as airplanes and trains or at crowded events.
The Denver Airport is the latest hot spot for the virus after officials confirmed three travelers from the same flight into Denver Airport contracted measles, including a child under five years old.
There have now been over 1,100 cases of measles across 33 states, according to the latest NBC News count.
The epicenter of the outbreak remains West Texas, where cases have climbed to over 700 since January.

[SPEAKER_09]
We will see these cases stop, but unfortunately there's just going to be so much infection and deaths along the way, and it frustrates me because the vaccine, especially two shots, is about 97% effective.

[SPEAKER_10]
Even some places with no reported measles cases like San Diego hosting a free vaccination clinic to ensure it stays that way.

[SPEAKER_04]
Can't prevent it from happening, can't prevent them from getting sick, but the vaccinations help mitigate
the overall of the sickness.

[SPEAKER_10]
Meanwhile, questions remain about the government's latest advice on vaccinations for COVID.
Last week, the Health and Human Services Secretary said the CDC would no longer recommend the vaccine for healthy children and pregnant women.
But the CDC's updated immunization schedule, published just days later, contradicted his statement saying healthy kids over six months should get it.
Experts say young children and pregnant women face high risk from the virus.

[SPEAKER_09]
Now, to be clear, there is still no recommendation that pregnant women get COVID vaccines.

[SPEAKER_10]
As for healthy children, there is one caveat, and that is that the CDC is recommending the vaccine based on what they're calling shared clinical decision making.
Essentially, children can get that vaccine if both their parents and doctor agree, Craig.

[SPEAKER_09]
Measles spreads by someone infected, coughing or sneezing.
If you have been exposed and you have been vaccinated, you should still present to a healthcare professional just to make sure that we can monitor you.
If you have not had a vaccine, they can actually do what's called post exposure vaccination.
The CDC says getting vaccinated is the best way to protect yourself.
My Eaglin, NBC News.

[SPEAKER_01]
So much to unpack there.

[SPEAKER_05]
Livio, Livio.
I was on like a name job.
I was on Jimmy door, like, I think a month, it was around the time that measles and, and I covered those cases for Jimmy.
And what he did in his show is he pulled a scene from the Brady Bunch.
Have you come?
Oh, yeah.
When they're all laughing, I get to miss school.
It's like this happy kind of joy.
It's like they're literally presenting measles as a get out of school free card and the kids are all excited and you're not just a little rash.
So it's so benign and almost fun.
This is back in whatever, the 70s or 80s.
And then he juxtaposed it with a scene from one of these, you know, ER medical shows.
And it was literally about like a measles breakout and the music, the darkness, the urgency, the biohazard stuff.
And they literally presented it as an Ebola breakout.
You know, 40 years later, the propaganda just like is on full force with this.
They want you scared.
They want you taking your kid to that campaign.
Get there.
And, you know, another thing
I'm going to share with you guys an anecdote.
I actually went to medical school with the idea that I would be a pediatrician.
I was kind of enamored with Norman Rockwell and that benevolent doctor that puts the stethoscope on the young child in those portraits.
When I got to my pediatrics rotation, I wanted to put a gun through my head.
I was in a doctor's office out in Brooklyn and I spent two weeks there and it was literally
just kid after kid with like, check their weight, check their height, jab their arm, check their check their height, jab their arm, maybe answer a few questions to the parents.
But it was just over.
It was like a factory.
And I remember thinking like, this is so boring.
And and like, I just there was nothing there for me.
I was like, I'm not being a pediatrician.
And and what I remember,
The guy who owned the practice, the one that I was, the doctor that I was following was a young doctor, like a newly minted doctor.
Like I think she's in her first few months of, uh, of work as an attending.
And he was, we were in his back room and I overheard him complaining to a partner of his.
He's like.
He's like, she's got to step it up.
She's only seeing 24 a day.
Literally a factory of just jab, weight, jab, weight, jab, weight.
Wellness visits, it doesn't make you well.
That's a whole fraud.
I wouldn't bring my kid to a wellness visit.
Parents can check heights and weights at home and you have a little chart.
You don't need your pediatrician for that stuff.

[SPEAKER_01]
One of the other things in the report that they made.

[SPEAKER_12]
Don't tell anyone.

[SPEAKER_01]
They mentioned getting jabbed and then if you get measles, come back in so we can track you, trace you, and give you another vaccine.
That's unheard of, right?
Isn't it true that you shouldn't actually vaccinate once you're infected?

[SPEAKER_05]
Ever, ever.
But that happened in COVID.
I've heard of, I mean, the more of hearsay anecdotal, but I had a patient who was, this is really so, it was so upset.
I mean, there was so many absurdities throughout COVID.
I mean, just people losing their minds, policies that were divorced from all rationale and science.
But she was a pharmacist at this hospital in Wisconsin.
And I remember during that visit, they were talking about stuff and she said, you know, what's happening at my hospital?
She said, the hospitalists.
are vaccinating COVID patients as they are discharged.
So they weren't acutely ill, but they were better and they were getting the COVID vaccine.
I almost couldn't compute that, Steve, because I was like, how?

[SPEAKER_12]
And the thing they just got the real deal.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, here's the thing.
Discharge from hospital is considered an opportunity to get your flu shot.
So every hospitalized patient is all, you know, during the season is always offered a flu shot out the door.
You know, so it's like, it's kind of mimicking that practice except without any, you know, so it's just, I'm done, man.
I don't know what to do anymore.
All right.

[SPEAKER_12]
Boreen dioxide for measles.
What do you think?
Done.

[SPEAKER_05]
Done, you find me a pathogen, you find me any pathogen, virus, fungus, bacteria that is resistant to chlorine dioxide and I'll give you a million dollars, Steve.

[SPEAKER_12]
I would not take that bet.

[SPEAKER_05]
Thank you, you're a good betting man.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, I would take other bets, I would not take that one.
There's an article on my site in the premium section about chlorine dioxide.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, I mean, chlorine dioxide was a COVID killer.
I mean, I've written a lot about it.
I mean, Bolivia, that's a fun story, man, what happened in Bolivia.

[SPEAKER_12]
And they were drinking it, right?
They were just drinking it?

[SPEAKER_05]
It's oral ingestion, yeah.
I mean, it's safe.
We all drink chlorine dioxide every day.
It's in like 1,000 municipal water systems.
Use chlorine dioxide as the main water purifier.
You just have to raise the concentration a little bit, far below any toxic levels, and it works.
But what I love about the Bolivia story is,
Some doctors got to some legislators and convinced them, like, this is the answer for COVID.
And they actually successfully passed a law allowing for the manufacturing distribution of chlorine dioxide throughout the country.
That is so awesome.
The university got in the game.
The universities were making it.
People were on lines, like 500 people on lines.
They were emptying ICUs.
But here's the thing.
When they passed that law, what do you think happened in the media?
And what do you think the agencies did?
Oh, they must have their minds.
They went on TV, just, you know, putting down how, you know, absolutely irresponsible this is and how they don't agree with it.
And this is toxin.
It's a bleach.
It's a poison.
And the propaganda ramped up.
But, you know, kudos to Bolivia.
They actually had the best.
Eventually, they had the best outcomes in South America in terms of mortality.

[SPEAKER_12]
And yet.
that doesn't change anybody's mind on chlorine dioxide.
No, no.
And I... Oh, you think data matters, Steve?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
That's actually your problem.
You have a terminal disease, Steve, is that you continuously believe that data is going to make a difference.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_05]
Or inconvenient data is what I should say.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, well, eventually.
all right i think you're right i think you're right i'm gonna get some audience but i've got more but let me get to the audience questions here welcome the eagle asked for pierre what's with the word on before does yes or no any growing associations

[SPEAKER_05]
I'd have to remember what that is.

[SPEAKER_01]
That's what I don't know.
I assumed you knew.
B-E-Y-F-O-R-T-U-S.
Wait, spell it again?
B-E-Y-F-O-R-T-U-S.

[SPEAKER_05]
I'm thinking some sort of immunotherapy.
Oh, it's RRSV in babies.
Um, uh, I have not done the deep dive on that, but I could tell you with a hundred percent confidence and absolute surety that I would never give my worst enemy's child any vaccine.
Period.
End of story.
Not interested.
Zero, zero.
None have ever been shown to be safe.
In fact, if anything, they've all shown to have incredible harms.
And the harms always outweigh the benefits.
I mean, most of these childhood diseases, they do not cause that.
They have some complications.
RSV can give some little kids trouble.
But again, Steve, you and I have talked about it.
I would know how to treat those viruses.
There's lots of alternatives.
There's lots of repurposed drugs that are antiviral.

[SPEAKER_12]
So if Tony Fauci came to you and asked you to vaccinate him, you'd turn him down?

[SPEAKER_05]
No, absolutely.
Roll up the sleeves, Tony.

[SPEAKER_12]
All right, so you're willing to make it good.

[SPEAKER_05]
If it's his child, I'll leave his child alone for him now.
He's getting jabbed.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, because you've got to be protected.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_01]
Question from Carol Briz.
With the new leadership of federal alphabet soup agencies, can the de-boarding of dissenters be revised?

[SPEAKER_05]
You know, I'm going to say no only because of like kind of jurisdiction.
I mean, the medical boards, right, which did, you know, mafia, they, they are at the state level.
Um, you know, you have varied activities.
They've, they've behaved a little bit differently.
Um, but there's no jurisdiction of the agencies over the medical boards.
It's kind of like two different things.

[SPEAKER_12]
So, um, you know, medical boards don't report to anyone, right?

[SPEAKER_05]
No.
No, it's a state.
See, I mean, not even to the government.
I mean, they just they're the board.
I don't know who hires them or how they get on there.
But, you know, I'll tell you something about the medical boards, which is kind of interesting is that, like I told you before, like, I've done a lot of expert witness testimonies for for colleagues, you know, that have been persecuted.
Ryan, Ryan Cole.
Now, I could take off all the names, but
The interesting thing in my case is I racked up 11 complaints, right?
As a misinformationist.
And my favorite was when one doctor wrote, you know, he brings disrepute to the physicians of Wisconsin.
I was waiting for the hammer to drop on me.
Like when's my hearing, when are they going to tell me to take my license?
And they sat on 11 complaints for like 14 months.
Nothing.
I heard back.
Nothing.
And I gave defenses for everyone.
And then suddenly I get a letter quietly in the mail saying that they're giving me a non confidential warning that if I continue to spread misinformation, then I'm really going to be in trouble.
But it's not that warning was not available to the public.
But the fact that I was warned is that but
The reason I bring it up is that the boards just kind of act differently.
And I'd like to think that the reason why they went after me is because I had a loud megaphone.
I got a loud mouth and I had at the time the FLCCC, you know, with me.
And I mean, we would have caused up.
We would have kicked up a shit storm if they went after me.
But, you know, we did with the ABIM, but they just ignored us.
So that's a national organization.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, that's that's typically what happens.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_12]
Well, you can't get into a serious debate with any of these people.
They'll just refuse.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
And, you know, just without belaboring the point, Steve, on every, uh, witness hearing, you know, for like Merrill, uh, for Ryan, every time the same thing that I described that happened to ABIN happened.
So it starts off with their lawyer and that's contentious.
You know, I've, I've even shouted in those hearings like it, cause they've offended me and like insulted me and like, I don't care.
It's just a hearing.
I don't, you know, what's the, what's the guy going to do?
It's on zoom.
He's going to.
get the bailiff to throw me out.
So I got into some shouting matches.
But the second part is the doctors that represent the medical board.
And in each case, Ryan, Merrill, when I actually got to talk to them, they were, again, deferential, respectful.
I've even had a hearing where
The doctors that were on there, I think they were so fascinated that I kind of knew so much, you know, because I would talk about this and that in side papers, and they started asking me questions.
So they would say like, so Dr. Cora, what do you think about this?
Meaning like they're literally trying to learn from me.
And so it was this very positive experience with the doctors.
But you guys know what happened to Merrill and Ryan and Michael Turner and you know, all these folks, the hammer goes down anyway.

[SPEAKER_12]
What happened to Michael Turner?

[SPEAKER_05]
Uh, he lost his license.
Really?
Or he's maybe he's on some rehabilitation route.

[SPEAKER_01]
No, I actually don't remember him losing actually losing his license.

[SPEAKER_05]
He may not have lost it.
Right.
But he went through a hell and high water to, you know, to actually, no, I think you're right.
He is still practicing.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
But he did go through hell.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_01]
Question from Bell C.M.
and this is a rumble rant.
Thank you Bell C.M.
for this.
How do we find or make chlorine dioxide?

[SPEAKER_12]
Steve, see my article on my... Yeah, actually, go to Steve's article.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_05]
Steve's got an MD.
As an MD, I'm just gonna be quiet.

[SPEAKER_12]
It's in the premium section of my...
The tabs at the top, it's right at the top of the premium section is the chlorine dioxide article, and it tells you how to make it.
I mean, I make it...
It takes me about 30 seconds
to make.
It's really fast to make and I don't use any chemicals at all.
I just use tablets.
I drop the tablet in water, stick the, you take that bottle, you put it in a bigger jar and that generates what's called CDS and then at, and that's at a thousand ppm and you stick it in the refrigerator overnight and
and then the next morning you take it out and then you put it in a small container and leave it in the refrigerator.

[SPEAKER_05]
I'm going to argue here.
So Steve is a CDS man.
He likes to make CDS, which is chlorine dioxide solution.
I'm an MMS guy.
So if actually the audience, you know what a good resource is if you go to this website called mmsguidance.com.
That'll give you all the information you need CDS is CDS is much better.

[SPEAKER_12]
It's totally pure and can be used for more things but and No, you know the concentration We're not having this argument against you I don't care about the concentration Yes, you do because you care about the dose the dose but the dose is in the concentration there

[SPEAKER_05]
Related I like doses though.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
Yeah, but any advice yes, you can you totally control the dose trust me on this I have to say this any medicine Precision you don't have the precision.

[SPEAKER_05]
You don't have enough for government work.
Perfect.
Yeah.
Yeah be the good come on.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah
I'm going to disclaim any medical advice from Steve Kersh or Dr. Peter Corey are theirs only and not of VSRF.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, I'm not recommending I'm just telling you where you can find the information.

[SPEAKER_12]
You can you can read both decide who you like better.
There you go.
I I've got this whole thing.

[SPEAKER_05]
Do a survey.
Have your audience read both and then tell me which one they like better.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, that's a good one.
That's a good survey.
Question from Janet.
What is the actual cause of death in an unvaxxed SIDS case?
Still the same area of the brainstem that manages breathing?
Does it look?

[SPEAKER_05]
That's a great question.
I wish I knew the answer.
I actually did not look into that.
So rare.
Really good question.
So rare.
It's quite rare.
Yeah.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_12]
So it's really hard to get the answer.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, okay.
Well, we'll have to do a little digging for the audience ourselves here at VSRF and see what we can find.
Question from Go Tell It On A Mountain for Dr. Corey.
Talk of postpartum depression has increased from the medical community.
Is it possible that has allowed the increase in mothers being accused of murdering their babies?

[SPEAKER_05]
Wow, another great question.
Wow, I feel like I'm striking out tonight.
I don't really have data-driven answers, but I really like the question because just the question kind of gives you an answer that certainly could be a risk.
Because here's the thing, if your baby dies,
and they investigate, it's not going to be hard for them to find in the medical record that the mother is showing symptoms of postpartum depression.
And so if you're in that unfortunate circumstance where you're depressed and your baby dies under your watch, I think you're in trouble.
Yeah, you're gonna be depressed more trouble than someone like this young woman.
If you if anyone's watched the interview with the parents, lovely young people, I think they're in their 20, I think they're 20 or 21 or two young people, the father's really hard working.
The mother is so innocent, clearly so caring, you know, described as like the best mom ever, you know, taking care of her kids.
But, you know, if you had anything like postpartum depression, I mean, man, I would never want to be in that situation, given how the police behaved around these
events.
That's just another sadness.
So it's a great question and a really terrible thing to think about.

[SPEAKER_01]
question from Zoomiest.
And I think Zoomiest is referring to the paper you were referencing.
What is the title of the paper?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
So the title is, I'll read it to you right now.
So the journal again is Toxicology Reports.
The author is Neil Z. Miller, and the title is called Vaccines and Sudden Infant Death, colon, An Analysis of the VAERS Database and Review of the Medical Literature.

[SPEAKER_01]
Janet will try to get that put it in the chat if if at all possible.
Thank you for that question from Emerson B.T.
What is the rate of SIDS in other countries with fewer vaccines for infants and which countries?

[SPEAKER_05]
So I didn't see I did not see a
country comparison in terms of rates.
So I did not do that analysis and that was not part of that paper, but the associations, studies of these temporal associations that we've discussed come from multiple countries.
So it's not the exact answer that you wanted, but this is not isolated to the United States and the associations of vaccines are repeated.
You know, there's another piece of data that I think came out of that paper or maybe a different one, but they looked at which vaccines were most implicated with SIDS deaths.
And the number one in terms of was DPT.
It's a long list.
I mean, it's not like there's none of them that are innocent.
But DPT was the or DTAP was the most common cause of death or associated with death.
Can't say cause, right, Steve?
And that's, even in this paper, in this paper, you got such a devastating data.
And in the conclusion, you know, of course, positive, you know?

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, yeah.
There's a correlation between, that's the scientific way.

[SPEAKER_01]
It's so insane.
Question from Alp7cows, any idea why there is a peak on day seven?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, well, I can only partially answer by something I already said, which is, and I don't know, I think because it brings up another question, but when you look at the paper where they measure the frequency of apnea events, I don't know why there's a huge rise on day two, and then there's another rise on day six to seven.
So I mean, that's why, but I guess the follow-up question would be,
Why is there another kind of spike on day five, six and seven in terms of the breathing physiologically?
I don't know.
I mean, the damage is thought to occur from kind of an inflammatory insult with cytokines attacking the neurons and the receptors on these neurons in the medulla.
I don't know why it's so specific to that area of the brain.
There are other theories.
A Midwestern doctor is a close colleague of mine.
They've posited that they really believe it's from alterations in the zeta potential.
If you guys know what that is, it's the small electric charge on the surface of cells, which keep the cells in solution or in blood separate from each other.
And it's because they repel.
And when those electrical charges change, you get kind of clumping of blood cells, and so you get kind of sludgy blood flow.
And in these very small babies, the vessels that are in the brain stem that are perfused in that area of the brain are really small and sometimes tortuous.
And so they posit that is probably some sort of these are probably many strokes that maybe completely ceases the breathing.
But again, I'm not getting I have any questions.
Have I like said, I don't know to tonight.
At least you got to give me credit for saying I don't know when I don't know something.
But I don't know why there's that second rise.
But it literally goes like this.
So it's day one is this day two is this three, four and five go down and then six, seven.
But they want day two is far and away the biggest.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, and generally when you see a pattern like that, it means there are two different mechanisms of action.
That's a good one.
Because we see that in the COVID vaccine as well.
So the first COVID shot, you'll see a very clear signal in the first few days where it really spikes up, and you don't see that signal for dose two.
Because so if the vaccine is going to kill you, it's going to kill you on the first time.
It's probably not, it's probably less likely to kill you the second time.
So that's why you see that, that, uh, that, that spike.
And then there's the, the longer time constant, which is like, Hey, let me clog your arteries or let me, uh, uh, let me attack your organs again.
It's taking me a while to attack your organs.

[SPEAKER_05]
That's really good, Steve.
That's an excellent, I think you're absolutely right.
That probably, well, actually that's not exactly true based on the data I gave, right?
Cause I'm giving data on apnea frequency, but you're right.
Maybe it's different.
Something's causing different, different, different early, which is inflammatory.
And then maybe the later one is when clots develop or the Zeta potential gets, you know, but either way, different mechanism.

[SPEAKER_12]
When you see these two time constants, you're, you're, you're looking at two different mechanisms.
Good point.

[SPEAKER_01]
Question from matrix 74.
What can be done for those who produce spike nonstop?

[SPEAKER_05]
I don't know.
So I've been treating vaccine injury for three plus years now, almost three and a half.
And we check, we have proxies for spike, which we kind of use this spike antibody level, which has a range of zero to 25,000.
What we see is in long COVIDs, they almost never exceed the level of 5,000.
The vaccinated can be anywhere in that range.
And then we have a cohort in my practice, which we call the 25,000 club, because their answers come back as greater than 25,000.
Now, we do follow them.
We do use different therapies that we believe are breaking down spike.
We think the antibody and we do not see consistent rises, but we do see persistent high levels.
So if someone's at thirteen thousand, they kind of stay around there.
The twenty five thousands are around there.
But the other thing is, my partner and I, Scott, this is probably interesting to your audience and they're probably going to want to know more about this, but we have been working with a group, a nonprofit group in Italy who've developed a mass spectrometry test which can analyze your urine to look for fragments of spike.
We do that test and then we generally suggest to people to take what's called an augmented NAC product, which has been shown to detach the spike from receptors and break it down.
And so you can do that test on day one, then put them on NAC.
Sometimes you'll see that number rise because it's breaking down.
And then hopefully over time, as you stay on the NAC, it goes down to zero.
So we think we have a spike test.
But in terms of how long does the body make spike, the studies show at the one, the longest time that I heard of, I think was 187 days, although I think there was another study where they showed somebody at a year, but that's one person in those studies.
They were producing spike for days to weeks to months, and the longest was 187.
That's when they stopped the study, but that was one patient.
So in the studies, most people stop.
after an uncomfortably long time, but they do stop at least, uh, producing it where it's circulating in the blood or urine.
So, but with this test, we, we won't know that it's circulating or not, or whether it's coming from the tissues or the gut.
Um, but, uh, we, we will be launching a spike test and, uh, I can share you that, um, information, Steve, when, when we're more ready.
We've already done like 40 in this country.
We had a lab, we went through a lot of training with the lab and,
working very closely with the lab and the results are coming in and but we're not ready to scale yet.

[SPEAKER_01]
Well that'd be great when you are.

[SPEAKER_12]
What percentage of patients are in the 25,000 club?
Is it really low?

[SPEAKER_05]
Great question for Scott.
I guess I'll just look at my patients.
It's small.
I would say it's less than 10% in the 25, maybe 5%.
I'm trying to think of my patients.
I don't check that test as much as Scott does because I don't use it clinically as much as he does.
We have a little bit different approaches and emphases, but he's much more knowledgeable about
you know, incidents of those.
But the vaccine, most of the vaccinated are over five, many of them are over 5,000, 10, 15, 20.
And I don't know the difference between someone with 20 and 25.
To be honest, Steve, the more interesting question is, in my experience, I have not seen a correlation between the severity of their illness
and the number on the antibody.
So like I've had 25,000 that are asymptomatic, like these are spouses of folks.
I've had asymptomatic that are mildly ill.
I've had those with like very little spike antibody who are, you know, absolutely destroyed.
And so it's not a perfect correlation.

[SPEAKER_01]
and ask one more question from the audience.
From Carol Briz, explain the connection between complications from illness or vaccines and Tylenol, please.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, so the literature, so let me start with a very basic statement is that you should never treat a fever.
And when I say never, I'm an ICU doctor, I saw lots of big fevers and stuff.
And I would say,
anything less than 104, I'm not going to touch with a fever reducer.
And really, I'd like to wait to 105.
But the literature in pediatrics shows over and over worse outcomes when you put someone on either Motrin or Tylenol or a fever reducer.
It's the body's natural reaction to fighting off that infection.
It's a natural response.
By doing that, you're literally blunting the response to fight off the infection.

[SPEAKER_12]
Now, this is like killing the army.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, exactly.
And here's the thing, Steve is like, this is another case where the data in the pediatrics literature, and Suzanne Humphreys, you know, I did a CHD with her.
And we talked about those measles cases, because they were giving those kids Tylenol like you wouldn't believe.
I mean, it's so ingrained in hospital care, like literally nurses, when you admit someone, you have to put in orders for the nurses on how to care for them.
And it's like literally a checkbox.
It's basically every nurse has the order to give Tylenol if temperature above whatever, 101 or 101.9.
So nurses are constantly administering and even moms and dads.
at home are giving their kids fever reducers.
And the outcomes just simply worsen infections, sepsis, and there's even an association for worsening outcomes with these vaccine complications, particularly with autism.
I don't know that data well, but I've been told that there is a strong association to post-vaccine autism with kids who get fever reducers.

[SPEAKER_01]
I want to say thank you to the author for great questions.
They were fantastic.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, they bested me, man.
You get a smart audience.

[SPEAKER_01]
Very smart audience.
And if you're enjoying the work that we're doing and the guests that we have, I want to remind you once again to donate if you can, if you have the ability to donate to the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation, text VSRF to 53-555.
The screen is not perfect, but it's 53-555.
or go to vacsafety.org to donate and thank you for those that do we really appreciate your support and also I want to say that next week before we sign off we've got check this out Dr. Mary Talley Bowden she'll be fresh off of her interview with Joe Rogan
coming on next week.
So come on next week, join us for Mary Talley.
She's a brave and outspoken warrior in the medical freedom movement.
She's on a doctor's crusade to stop the COVID shots and hold our public health institutions accountable.
Her courage in standing up to corrupt systems at great personal and professional costs, which Dr. Corey knows all about, is nothing short of inspiring.
You won't want to miss that episode.
Before we sign off, I'm going to play a video at the end here, and I want to get your take, Dr. Corey and Steve, on artificial intelligence in medicine.
and how you may be using it Dr. Corey for the exit.
And because the video I'm going to show you is a spoof on a pharmaceutical ad, and it is all prompt generated AI.
So you will check this out because it's all all real.
And as but Steve, what's what is?
Where are you at with AI as it continues to advance so exponentially and rapidly?
No, it's awesome.
It's totally awesome.

[SPEAKER_12]
Use it constantly every day.

[SPEAKER_05]
Not just- I love AI.
I mean, it's so powerful, efficient.
There's so much.
And for now, I try to stay away from political questions or anything, even in a contentious medical area.
So if you ask about chlorine dioxide, about vaccine, you'll get all sorts of nonsense.
You kind of know what not to trust it for, but straight up like stuff that you need from the literature.
Like I did a visit this morning with a patient that I take care of with prostate cancer.
And they had some decisions to make around, you know, post-op radiation, when to start and whether to start, compare it to surgery and all these kinds of things.
And like, I'm just putting that stuff in the air while I'm talking.
I'm like, I can cite the data and like, I have the studies and I have all, you know, it was just really good to be able to provide information so we could, you know, keep a robust discussion because that's not data that I'm like expert at and, and, but they wanted my opinion on even though I'm kind of doing complimentary cancer care, but
So that was good.
I got to tell you for finding, I particularly like to find it references because I don't just go with like what it says.
So like when I ask it a question, it literally pulls from the literature and it gives me the references.
I could just go click, click, click, click the paper.
And like, I don't have to do the lit search myself, like paper after paper and then looking after lists of returns.
And so that to me is great.
And then in terms of medicine,
Livio, let me give you an example.
So I wrote a substack a couple of months ago, because I got really sick.
In a way, I'd never been sick before.
I developed what I believe was I'd never got a formal diagnosis except for what was in my head.
But it was clearly some sort of severe intestinal infection.
It was some sort of colitis, maybe a diverticulitis.
I treated it with chlorine dioxide.
And so I wrote about that.
And what was interesting is what was going through my head the whole time that I was falling ill because I had a lot of belly pain.
And that's the one thing that worries me as a doctor, because belly pain might mean you have a surgical illness.
And there's no way I want to go to a hospital and be on a surgical service and being cared for by a surgeon.
I literally would almost kill myself before that.
That's obviously an overstatement, but I was terrified.
that this was brewing to something where I had to actually go to an ER, get a CAT scan, wait in a gurney for 17 hours for some surgeon to tell me they're going to take something out.
And so I was trying to run what's called the differential.
So when you have a problem, you run a differential diagnosis.
Is it this?
Is it this?
Like, norovirus was going around the time.
So I was like, could this be norovirus?
And then I was looking through the features of norovirus in my head.
I'm like, nah, it doesn't fit that.
cholecystitis, which is a gallbladder infection.
So I went through this whole differential of what I thought I could have, and then I asked AI.
I gave AI the relevant presentation that I had.
AI was really good, like bam.
It gave me the five differentials that I had already articulated in my head.
It did miss two, though.
I had two more that I thought were quite possible that didn't come up with.
AI came after I was in training and actively diagnosing acute conditions and stuff.
But I would imagine it could be a very good tool to generate a differential diagnosis.
I don't know that it'll give you the diagnosis.
but to generate a differential and you could ask to order it in likelihood.
So I think it would be a very good tool and that's a very good thing because I'll tell you why.
I did a lecture on diagnostic accuracy of doctors where I looked into all this data, particularly radiologists, and they're not so good.
It could use a little help.
I think it can make them better doctors in that core skill that I talked about, which is, you know, a diagnostician.
You cannot fix someone if you don't get the diagnosis right.
Sometimes you can get lucky or use something broader that covers a few things, but you really, it's imperative you got to get that diagnosis right.

[SPEAKER_01]
It's great to hear the positivity of, or the positive outcomes of AI and that's good benefits.
Are there any downsides in your experience so far?

[SPEAKER_05]
I think that's a kind of, I don't know if I would call it bimodal, but that I would say in the short term, it seems like a really great tool, but let's say you got a young doctor who's coming out who now has AI as his best friend.
What are the consequences of that over time?
You know, like,
Is that going to somehow influence negatively their thinking, stunt their knowledge base, stunt their critical reasoning?
I worry that there are downstream consequences, especially for young doctors.
You know, because I spent my whole career like literally thinking through, I mean, I was using Google and stuff when I had tough cases that I couldn't figure out in the ICU.
You know, I was definitely, this is, I was doing like pre, pre I Googling, trying to find ideas, putting in symptoms, trying to find stuff.
And, uh, but I didn't do it a lot.
Um, but I wonder if, if the more they use it, the more they're going to rely on it.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, that's a good point.
The young doctors coming up, not having the experience that the more senior doctors have had.
All right.
Well, thank you, Dr. Corey.
It's been an awesome evening, awesome conversation.
Good seeing you guys.
Yeah.
And where can people find you again?

[SPEAKER_05]
Just give us a little... PierreCoreyMedicalMusings.com.
And then Steve, you got to hold on for my book that I'm working on right now, The War on Chlorine Dioxide.

[SPEAKER_12]
Oh, wow.

[SPEAKER_05]
in my series.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_12]
All right.
That's awesome.

[SPEAKER_01]
All right.
I'm going to sign off with this AI generated pharmaceutical ad.
Steve, thank you again.
As always, fantastic seeing you and thank you all out there for being here tonight on this warm summer evening at least in New England.
Have a great rest of your evening.
Good night.

[SPEAKER_11]
I tried everything for my depression.
Nothing worked.

[SPEAKER_03]
Every day felt heavy.
I felt trapped.

[SPEAKER_11]
Then I tried Pupperman.

[SPEAKER_03]
Our prescription helps your body secrete a special pheromone that attracts puppies.
I took the pill before bed, and when I woke up, there he was, the love of my life.

[SPEAKER_08]
The pill does not target depression directly, but we've found that it's really difficult to be depressed when cute dogs show up at your doorstep.

[SPEAKER_09]
I used to feel so empty, but now I feel joy and mild concern how a pee stain got on the ceiling.

[SPEAKER_07]
My puppy listens twice as good as my ex-husband and only climbs into the lap of half as many of my friends.

[SPEAKER_02]
He chewed up my Bible and pooped in my good chair, but I'm happy for the first time in years.
Looks like a rat barks like a demon, but he saved my life.

[SPEAKER_00]
I named him Earl.
He follows me everywhere and farts in his sleep, just like my first husband.

[SPEAKER_02]
That was that you said that was
