[SPEAKER_05]
I am woman, hear me roar In numbers too big to ignore And I know too much to go back and pretend Cause I've heard it all before And I've been down there on the floor No one's ever gonna keep me down again
Oh, yes, I am wise, but it's wisdom all the pain.
Yes, I paid the price, but look how much I gained.
If I have to, I can do anything.
You can bend but never break me Cause it only serves to make me More determined to achieve my final goal
Come back even stronger Not a novice any longer Cause you deepened the conviction in my soul Oh yes, I was But it's wisdom born of pain And yes, I paid the price But look how much I gained If I have to, I can do anything
Strong!
Strong!
I am invincible.
Invincible!

[UNKNOWN]
I am woman.

[SPEAKER_05]
I am woman.
Watch me grow.
See me standing toe to toe.
As I spread my loving arms across the land.
Still an embryo with a long, long way to go Until I'll make my brother understand Oh, yes, I'll rise, but it's wisdom or the pain Yes, I'll pay the price, but look how much I gain If I have to, I can face anything
I am strong I am invincible

[SPEAKER_16]
Tonight on BSRF Live, an enlightening and essential discussion on women's health in a post-COVID world featuring the esteemed Dr. Christiane Northrup.

[SPEAKER_13]
The menstrual cycle in particular is this cycle of creativity.
like at ovulation, if you don't get pregnant, if you don't conceive, then you're preparing to give birth to something from deep within you.
And our culture doesn't particularly like that.
We like it when the woman is on estrogen and she wants to fold the towels and make the flower arrangements and do everything for everyone else, but the second half of the cycle is all about giving birth to herself.
And then
And she gets like 360 opportunities to do this with the menstrual cycle.
And then perimenopause is like the luteal phase of the menstrual cycle on steroids, because it's grow or die.
And that's why women suffer at perimenopause, because they've been doing things that are a sin against their soul.
And the body goes, time's up.

[SPEAKER_16]
Good evening everyone and welcome to another episode of VSRF Live.
I'm Livio Sanchez and we have an incredible show lined up for you tonight.
We are honored to be joined by the one and only Dr. Christiane Northrup, renowned OB-GYN, visionary in women's health, and a leading advocate for medical freedom.
Dr. Northrup has spent decades challenging the conventional medical system and empowering women with the knowledge to take control of their health.
Tonight, we're going to dive into some of the most pressing issues in women's health today, from navigating the medical system to understanding the truth about common procedures and treatments.
And we have a fantastic team leading this conversation.
VSRF Director of Research, Lisa Leahy, will be guiding this discussion.
Later in the show, Steve Kirsch will step in to ask some key questions and provide his perspective as well.
So get ready for an eye-opening discussion.
And as always, we want to hear from you.
Drop your questions in the chat, and we'll do our best to get them answered live.
But before we begin, we're thrilled to announce an exciting new raffle starting tonight.
And I want to call this up and share this on my screen.
So bear with me for one little second here while I call this up.
And here it comes.
We are thrilled that starting tonight, you have a chance to win a full year supply of Dr. Stella's Covivites supplement, packed with quasaritin, zinc, vitamin C, and D3, plus a copy of her powerful book, Let America Live.
This is an incredible opportunity to support your health and help VSRF continue our critical work.
Stay tuned later for details on how to enter, although you can see that givebutter.com at the bottom, backslash Dr. Stella, but we'll get into that a bit later on in the show.
Now, I want to bring on our first guest tonight is Lisa Leahy.
Hello, Lisa Leahy.
Welcome back to BSR5.
Great to see you.
You look beautiful as always.

[SPEAKER_02]
Thank you.
So good to be here with you.

[SPEAKER_16]
Great to have you.
And I'm going to read a little bit about you before we get going for those that have not seen you on our show before.
Lisa Leahy is the Director of Research for the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation, a role she has held since the organization's inception.
She leads efforts to analyze emerging data on COVID-19 vaccines, address critical policy issues, and identify key research priorities in collaboration with top experts.
Under VSRF sponsorship,
Lisa also organized the first and second COVID litigation conferences, bringing together legal and medical professionals to confront the challenges surrounding pandemic policies.
Based in the San Francisco Bay Area, she draws from her extensive background as a corporate finance attorney in Silicon Valley, where she specialized in mergers and acquisitions for industry leaders.
Lisa earned her BA summa cum laude from UCLA and her JD from UC Berkeley, where she served as an editor of the California Law Review.
Beyond her professional work, she is a devoted mother to four grown children, one of whom is vaccine injured, which deepens her personal commitment to advocating for medical freedom and transparency.
Her passion for health and fitness further fuels her dedication to investigating the long-term effects of COVID-19 treatments and vaccine-related conditions.
Again, welcome back to VSRF Live, Lisa.

[SPEAKER_02]
What an intro.
Thank you, Livio.
It's great being here.

[SPEAKER_16]
Impressive background you have and career you've had, and then you've been fighting this.
You've been at VSRF pretty much from the inception, from the get-go.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, I saw Steve on 60 Minutes before VSRF was a thing.
And I learned serendipitously that he lived in the same town as I did.
And I found an introduction, and we got to work.
So yeah, it's pretty cool.

[SPEAKER_16]
And all this time later, we're still at it.

[SPEAKER_02]
Oh my gosh.
Everyone thought like two weeks.
He said two weeks, six weeks, because the data was so clear.
But the powerful forces running up against were underestimated.

[SPEAKER_16]
And they continue to lie to people.
And here we are continuing to do the work.
So you actually have been studying and following Dr. Christiane Northrup's work for what, a couple of decades now?

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, actually, I figured 30 years.
I read Women's Body, Women's Wisdom.
It came out first edition in 1994.
I read it in 1995.
And you don't read it in a sitting.
It's a reference book.
I mean, Oprah called it the Bible of Women's Health.
It's a book you go back to over and over and over again.
And I think it's currently in its fifth edition.
So Dr. Northrup does a great job in keeping everything really current.
So I highly recommend this book.
Every woman should have it on her, the back of her bed, on the shelf.

[SPEAKER_16]
keep it next to your nightstand.

[SPEAKER_02]
And I read other books too, as you know, The Wisdom of Menopause, Mother-Daughter Wisdom after I had my daughter.
So yeah.

[SPEAKER_16]
Excellent.
Well, you're the perfect person to lead this conversation.
And let's go ahead and bring on Dr. Christiane Northrup.
Welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_13]
Well, I'm better now that you've read Lisa's bio.
She knows that I did a few things before I became a global criminal.

[SPEAKER_02]
Oh my gosh.

[SPEAKER_16]
Well, I want to read your full bio just to go toe-to-toe with Lisa Leahy.
Like I mentioned, you and I had a chance to meet back in Boston at the Back to Basics conference.
Your presentation was one of my favorites.
It was actually fun and entertaining to watch.
And then yeah, we got to talk a little bit after.
So let me go ahead and read your bio.
All right.
Dr. Christiane Northrup, a visionary pioneer in women's health, board certified OBGYN, and New York Times bestselling author.
With over 30 years of clinical experience, she has dedicated her career to empowering women with knowledge about their bodies, holistic wellness, and medical freedom.
She has written numerous influential books, including Women's Bodies, Women's Wisdom, The Wisdom of Menopause, and Goddesses Never Age.
and has been featured on The Oprah Winfrey Show, The Today Show, Good Morning America, and many others.
Dr. Northrop has been recognized as one of the hundred most trusted people in America by Reader's Digest and was named to Oprah Winfrey's Super Soul 100 for her work in awakening humanity.
She has also been honored on the Watkins Spiritual 100 list
and received the Zelenko Foundation's Rosa Parks Award for standing up for truth and medical freedom.
Through her books, media appearances, and her True North podcast on Substack, she continues to be a leading voice in women's health and personal empowerment.
Again, welcome to VSRF Live and I'm going to go ahead and
leave you two at it for this conversation to start.
And go ahead and take it away, Lisa.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, so I'm so excited.
Yeah, go ahead, Steve.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, before you start, congratulations on finally making it to the pinnacle of your career.
I know you've been waiting for all these years.
You've accumulated all these awards, and it has finally led you to being on the VSRF show, so.
You have made it.

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, the honor is truly ours.
Oh my gosh.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_16]
And we'll be back, Steve, and I'll be back later on in the conversation.

[SPEAKER_13]
Okay.
Thanks, Lillio.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, so I thought we'd start by, you know, there might be people in the audience who don't know about your work and don't know
what you've added to the great body of knowledge about women's health.
And what I found most impressive when I first encountered the first book I read of yours, Women's Bodies, Women's Wisdom, was the way that you were able to combine this traditional, Western, conventional medical approach and then add in all this amazing, wonderful other stuff to make us heal and be whole.
So so take us back like how did you did you start doing that from the beginning or was there a pivotal moment in your career where you realized conventional medicine wasn't working?

[SPEAKER_13]
I did it from the beginning.
I was radicalized in childhood.
I had two family members who signed out of the hospital against medical advice.
Otherwise they would have died.
And my sister and brother were medical doctors.
And so they didn't help anything.
He was a holistic dentist with the Weston Price's incredible book on his bedside table.
So as a kid, I'm reading through and I can see how people's spatial features and dentition
go get a rye in one generation with a Western refined food diet.
And that's the Western refined food diet of 40 years ago.
I mean, that's what we're all about at this time in history, turning that around.
But my dad signed out of the Coronary Intensive Care Unit of Buffalo General when I was going around the country interviewing in med schools, he left.
Day 3 calls my mother, get me out of here.
They don't know what's going on.
The IV had infiltrated.
He walks out with the chest leads hanging off him.
The nurses are angry.
So by the time I get to medical school, which to me was just a better degree than a PhD, I didn't intend to practice, you know, any of that.
And when I get to medical school, whenever we'd have a patient who wanted to sign out against medical advice,
they would call me I loved it you know it's like put me in coach because I would just go talk to them and I'd find out that all they needed was someone to explain what was going on right and talk to them but now it's worse than it's ever been oh yeah you and I both know what happened oh yeah yeah

[SPEAKER_02]
you know anyway it's amazing it's amazing i do we're totally going to go there i wanted to ask you i mean one of the themes in your book of course is that you trust women's intuition and wisdom about ourselves and our bodies and our children and we're told instead in western medicine trust your doctor and here you're saying trust yourself which was so amazing and i get chills even now when i think back to reading that for the first time
that has been your consistent message is I trust you.
But how do you think women can sort of bring their own wisdom and knowing into conventional medical settings now and advocate without, you know, without doctors sort of doing the opposite day thing, which is what I've experienced.
When you tell a doctor that you think, you know, hey, this happened and this is what I'm experiencing,
then opposite day starts happening.
Now they're going to test you for everything but the thing that you just said you think it is.
Because you didn't know.

[SPEAKER_13]
I will tell you, okay, I've boiled women's health in this day and age to just about a paragraph, a sentence.
Ready?
It's this.

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay.

[SPEAKER_13]
We're doing all these screening tests.
We haven't found it yet, but keep coming back because we will.
That's women's health.
It's screening.
It's mammograms.
It's pap smears.
It's sonograms.
It does not take
the tissue of your body, understanding that everything is biosymbolic, understanding the contribution of epigenetics, which is the environment that determines how the cell responds with its protein synthesis.
All of that is completely discounted.
And I mean, my whole career
Came from listening to women.
What is going on in your life?
They'd sit on the couch in my office and begin to cry because they just needed.
Here's the thing.
They just needed an authority figure to reflect back to them their own wisdom.
And so the biggest compliment I've ever gotten from all my books is I always knew this was true.
I just never heard a doctor articulate it.
Cause we know that's that inner knowing you see.
I had to invent a language of women's health.
Women's bodies, women's wisdom was a complete paradigm shift because we didn't have a language of women's health.
We had a language of women's disease.
So what's the wisdom of the ovaries?
What's the wisdom of the uterus?
What's the wisdom of the breast?
What's the wisdom of the brain?
What's the wisdom of the menstrual cycle?
What's the wisdom of menopause?
The female body is not a lemon.
It is, you know, it absolutely, it here, it boils down to this.
Conception, gestation, labor, birth, postpartum, all those processes of the female body are physical metaphors for the way the divine comes in to physical form.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
I love it.
It's so contrary to the conventional approach.
You know, when you were talking about how for women, you know, you summed up women's medicine as come in and take a bunch of diagnostic tests.
They never find anything.
I mean, I shouldn't say never, but routinely they don't, you know, you're having some unidentified
ailment and they test and they don't know what it is.
So they just tell you to come back until we find something.

[SPEAKER_13]
That's the newest.
Make sure you absolutely.

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay.
Think of the parallels between that and what vaccine injured people are going through.
When you were saying that all the way down to the psych meds, I'm thinking this is the lament of the vaccine injured community that we work so closely with.
I mean there they're not there no answers and when doctors seem to be unable to identify the root cause or what's causing you know all these physiologic symptoms that it must be your head right.
and and therefore will give you some mood-altering drugs some anti-anxiety some whatever you have functional functional neurologic disorder you can't walk here in a wheelchair but it's functional neurologic disorder right you know it's like it's really difficult but in that regard i want to ask you because you also talk about the importance of the mind and the mind body connection and our beliefs create energy which
expresses it manifests in behaviors, which creates the reality that we believed in the first place.
So, of course, we want to have beliefs that manifest the reality that we want.
But I think about that and how, you know, in a way, what would you say to women or or vaccine injured women, anyone?
Okay.
Is right.
Physiologic ailment, isn't it?
Right.

[SPEAKER_13]
Because here's what happens.
You're suffering.
And then if you do like the new age stuff, we create our own reality.
So just change your thoughts, except that you're vaccine injured.
So you can't change your thoughts.
Then what happens instead of giving you the pathway from Victor victim to empowered,
We stop the process so that you have to scream louder and louder.
So here's what we all need to learn as women as humanity right now.
We need to learn.
Absolutely.
This is real.
Um, we have been bamboozled.
I mean, I can go back to the flex of 1910 and show way that Rockefeller medicine.
Completely got rid of the homeopathic medical schools, the herbal medical schools, they bang the drum of quackery.
Um, it became standard medicine, the FDA, all of that stuff.
Then when people started to get cancer from all of those petroleum based drugs.
the same people founded the American Cancer Society.
Just like now.
Yeah, all of the things that you've been told to give money to.
Run for the cure, the Susan Komen breast cancer fund.
This does nothing.
If I get no other thing across, do not, anyone who listens to you, don't get one more cent to a conventional medical run for the cure.
They're never going to cure anything.
They're not interested in a cure.
You need to change the paradigm to understand
your power but your power is not just in the mind your power is connecting with the energy that made your body in the first place and that energy is we were made in the image of god and i'm not talking religion if you want to look at something that has um
Damaged more people?
Well, I'll give you the religion.
The current religion, I was just coming through our JFK airport today, and the current religion was this.
Built-in antimicrobial bin protection.
Okay, so that's coming.
The antimicrobial bins for your luggage.
See, the religion is,
A germ is going to get you.
And so we all need to be afraid of germs.
And if you go back to Antoine Beauchamp and Louis Pasteur, Pasteur just was a better marketer.
Beauchamp said it's the environment.
Pasteur goes, oh no, it's the germs.
So think about it.
Oh man, a war against a germ, that's like way more fun than let's just live in harmony.
Way better.
So we have to change.
Let's just think about it.
If I say to someone, you are made in the image of God, there are thousands of cases of spontaneous remission from every known disease, every known one.
And if you align with that,
you can heal anything.
I mean, I know people who've had near death experiences like Anita Morjani and she wrote a book called Dying to be Me.
And when she died, she had lemon sized tumors all over her body.
And then she comes back to life and they tell her she's gonna need skin grafts and all the rest of it.
Never did.
everything just we have powers of healing that are miraculous which is why Jesus said these things and more you shall do also it was he lying I don't think so I love it you know that yeah

[SPEAKER_02]
Oh, no, go ahead.
Yeah, now that that calls perfectly with with a quote that I wanted to ask you about, you said, you know, an optimal functioning involve releasing the power of the wound to control your life.
This requires forgiveness and letting go of the past.
So so much wisdom in that I did want to tie it again to sort of vaccine injury in this context, because.
And ask you this question, what advice do you have for people who are suffering currently with an injury that has sort of passed, but their struggles are very much presented to them every day, both physical, financial.
How do you hold on to that forgiveness and not be angry?
Because how do you heal if you're mad about what happened to you?

[SPEAKER_13]
Here's all the power.
is in the present moment, and all of the wounding is in what's called the biofield.
So the biophotonic light around the body, which is depicted in medieval paintings as the aura.
But we now know that that biofield is the fourth and fifth states of matter.
So it's plasma and ether.
And this is the work of Eileen McCusick, who's done a lot of work on biofield tuning.
And I met her at Rashid Bataar's big conference that he had back during the COVID days when you couldn't even get a hotel to allow people like me to come in.
And Eileen laid out the anatomy
of the biofield.
And what I loved about it is that it takes the work that I did in women's bodies, women's wisdom, and the wisdom of menopause about the chakra system and updates it into what is the organ in which there is the dysfunction and what is that symbolic of.
And if we are, in fact, biophotonic light, which we are, then that's Gary Schwartz's work at the University of Tucson.
You can move that biophotonic light, but all healing is voltage.
So the first thing people need to understand is we are electrical beings.
So you want to get into places where you increase your voltage.
How do you do that?
Standing on the beach with bare feet, standing on the earth with bare feet.
Leaning up against a tree or grabbing a tree branch.
What it'll do is it'll bring the electrons up through your body.
Getting away from electromagnetic frequency notice during cobit.
What happened?
We're all locked down, but somehow 5G towers are going up like mushrooms.
I mean, did anyone else notice that?
Plus, suddenly overnight, there's circles and arrows in every grocery store.

[SPEAKER_02]
Separating people.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah, yeah.
But the fact that they all happened at the same time, I'm sorry, we know it's DARPA.
I mean, that was military.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, that was the plan.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah, that was the plan.
So, what's the thing about humans?
We are so resilient and our emotions are the key.
They're the absolute key.
So you can only heal in the present.
And what keeps us from moving forward is the past.
Right now, every single one of us, every single one of us listening has a past
that we need to grieve and let go of because the thing that's keeping us from the future is trying to drag the past in.
The world you and I knew is gone.
It's gone.
I look at all this work I did for 40 years.
It's there, but it's kind of gone because we have to move into a new time.
So you do it.
in the present, and let me tell you the keys.
It's so simple, but it's the last place anyone wants to go, and that is movement, sound, and tears.
In other words, losing it, giving yourself permission to wail and make those sounds like at the wailing wall, those ancient ones.

[SPEAKER_02]
Do you remember Art Jenov's work, The Primal Scream?
He did all that work.

[SPEAKER_13]
Way, way back, yeah.
But you don't stay there.
It comes up in the sound, because we're vibrational creatures.
The sound is a grappling hook that goes through your body
And upgrades and so the incoherent places in the biofield, which can be measured, because it's just not organized, it's incoherent status, like a dissonant.
The weeping.
or the crying or the pounding of something, you know, I've often said, you know, get a sledgehammer and bang up a junk car.
It gets the energy of the past out of your body.
You don't stay there.
I did a lot.
You don't stay there because that just makes someone no one wants to live with.
But you generally need a witness.
You need somebody
who is going to stay with you while you're doing this.
And the other thing we do, you're a mom, so you know this.
If your kid is suffering, you want to hug them, you want to make it better, you want to hand them a tissue.
No.
What you do, you witness them going through this process.
And with you standing by, witnessing, you're giving them the permission to go
all the way down and not only permission you're letting them know it's safe because what you hear people only if I allow myself to grieve
I will never come out of it.
It will be a bottomless pit that I will never ever get out of.
And then what you find when you allow yourself to go all the way in and all the way out, you often come out laughing, which is why good comedians
are always saying something that's universally true and that's what makes it so funny that you know the great theatrical thing tragedy and comedy totally yeah two sides it's the well of emotion that comes from that same place if you can't cry you can't laugh

[SPEAKER_02]
If you don't have access to crying, you probably don't have access to the joy of laughter just because you're shut down.
They're from the same place.
You can't choose, right?
I was thinking when you were talking about children and staying with them and just letting them
emote and get physical and show them that you and that can be ugly and it can be annoying for parents but it says i love you even when you're ugly even when you're being icky but look what parents do they do timeouts no timeout you're having a tantrum timeout i'm going to banish you to your room
And I'm going to make you stay alone and you're going to be with all those feelings because you're bad.
And until you can be a proper human in this house, you can't come back into the fold.
Right.
But there's a there's a type of parenting called little hands.
No, I'm sorry, hand-in-hand parenting.
And it's the same philosophy that you're talking about for adults, but you do need a safe person, because it is very frightening to open- Very.

[SPEAKER_13]
My daughters, luckily, watched this.
I would go do workshops with women, and the women would get down on the mat and lose it and all the rest of it.
And I had people come up to me in those workshops way back and say, how can you let your daughters
witness this.
Like, no, no, it's just like labor and birth.
It's like labor and birth.
This is what the body knows how to do.
So they were never afraid of these deep processes.
You see that you heal this.
And then of course there's all the stuff.
I mean, okay, you and I both know they're spraying us like bugs.
There's glyphosate in the grain.
The water's got fluoride.
Okay, one of the things that I think we've all, I have certainly awakened to what's really going on on this planet that I had no idea.
And it was only when I went to the first Clay Clark reawaken America tour.
I mean, here I am, you know, and he's come out to Tulsa, Oklahoma, stay in broken arrow.
It's like, okay, your job is to tell us what's in the COVID shot.
And I go into Rhema Bible college.
And someone gives me this thing by the guy who started Ramah Bible College, The Believer's Authority by Kenneth Hagen.
And I read, it's a lot of the book of Ephesians.
And it says, we battle not against flesh and blood, but against powers and principalities of darkness that are not of this world.
It is not our job to fight them.
It is our job to expose them.
And something clicked with me.
And then I had all these Christians, real Christians, come up and say,
Can I pray for you?
And the prayer was living.
It wasn't, oh, let's go to the Book of Common Prayer of the Episcopal Church when I was a kid, you know, and recite something.
No, no, no, real living prayer.
And I began to realize, oh,
There's something there's something more here.
This is the Holy Spirit.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, so I so I wanted to ask you about this so you Realized during the last five years somewhere in there Something really big is happening.
I mean like sort of like many of us like oh We're actually like in a major conflict between good and evil

[SPEAKER_13]
And The Matrix is a documentary.
It's like, then you begin to, you know, mockingbird media.
The fall of the cabal.
I saw all that stuff in the spring of 2020.
I somehow managed to see those documentaries.
And I met Mike Smith, who did Out of Shadows official, the stunt man from Hollywood.

[SPEAKER_02]
I love it.

[SPEAKER_13]
And somehow, God showed me what was really going on.
Plus, I had a couple dreams about Donald Trump that would wake me up from a sound sleep,
And I said, he's not who they're saying he is.
Okay, I got that in a big way because, you know, a lot of times our inner guidance, God comes to us in dreams where your frontal lobe inhibitory circuits are shut down.
So it comes directly.
And when you wake up and you can't shake the dream,
That's a real message.

[SPEAKER_02]
It's really amazing.
So another thing I want to say about this is it's really, it's really hard.
It's a hard time.
Like, like I have been struggling and others in relationships that were important to me.
We are so divided.
We are so angry over our differences.
It's very dark and it's, it feels like we're on the brink of civil war.

[SPEAKER_13]
Well, that was done on purpose.

[SPEAKER_02]
I mean, I believe that too.

[SPEAKER_13]
That's MK Ultra.
That's how they've always done it.
Divide and conquer.
So, you know, the same forces, they funded both sides of the Civil War, both sides of World War I, both sides of World War II.
It's how they've always worked.
Get us to fight with each other.
Now, what I really believe is going to happen here
Probably any minute is we're all going to find out.
What's really been going on and it's all about the children and it's all about pedophilia and it's all about that other stuff they get out of the blood.
And when you get that child trafficking.
It dwarfs Fentanyl.
It dwarfs Big Pharma.
It makes more money than anything else.
I just saw a thing about how Watergate was about that.
It's been going on forever, but that's going to unite people.

[SPEAKER_02]
If they see it, if the other side can see it, the problem is there seems to be like a firewall.
It's an information war.
There's a firewall, and it's so effective.
We're living in alternate realities.
and it's like you know i'm talking to my mom's sister and i'm saying no it's like this and this and this and they're going oh no he's going to line up everybody who disagrees with him trump and kill them and it's like oh my gosh

[SPEAKER_13]
It's like, what do you do?
Women's reproductive rights.
It's the handmaid's tale.
And what I would say to one young woman, she's a young influencer, you know, and they're going to march for women's reproductive rights.
And, you know, my goodness, I have been on the front lines of that forever.
And what I want to say to her is, oh, you're not going to have to worry about abortion.
Nobody's going to get pregnant, get it?
And also when we've made, and I want to put this out here, it's so clear to me, but was never clear to me before, which is abortion.
The way it's done now is the inversion of the Ukraine.
It's the inversion of taking communion.
So Christ said,
I will die so that you can live.
Abortion says, I'm gonna kill you so that I can live.
It's an inversion, which is why the Church of Satan now has an abortion ceremony, an abortion ritual, where you can get the methopristone pill and have your own ceremony of killing your baby.

[SPEAKER_02]
Making abortion a sacrament.

[SPEAKER_13]
That's it.
Making it a sacrament.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Wow.
When you think about it, it's interesting how we started out with Helen ready, right?
Singing.

[SPEAKER_02]
I saw her live with my mom who cried to the whole concert.

[SPEAKER_13]
Right.
Because we back in the seven.
We needed the women's movement then my mother couldn't take out alone without my brother's signature after my dad died.
We needed that.
But then it got infiltrated.
So, so that women were actually brainwashed into thinking.
That it's better to have a job and a career that leaves you home alone at the end of the day with a cat.
And oh, dear, I forgot to have children like somehow this is pinnacle of success where you have a trophy room full of whatever for your job.
but you're alone at night because you've never done the womanly things with children and pets and grandchildren and it is so all that creation all that creation that is unique to woman's ability you know to her body and to what she's

[SPEAKER_02]
God-given meant to do.
I love it.
I want to ask you, go ahead.
So I don't want to take us too far off, but this is, again, this is all really heavy.
And you said, I read once you said, hope is a biomedical state in the body that promotes healing.
And so part of the message I want you to help us have is, you know, how do we cultivate hope in all of this so that we aren't
living in darkness and depressed by it and worried and all the things that make us sick.

[SPEAKER_13]
Okay so what you have to do there okay so that's that's blackpilling where a lot of people take the black pill.
I mean, one of the most famous ones right now is David Icke.
Well, you know, the whole world is run by the lizards and all of that stuff.
And I know that it's true and all that.
However, let's be clear.
This is the most exciting time to be alive on planet Earth.
This has been foretold forever.
It's the end of the Kali Yuga.
It's the great awakening.
It's the beginning of the golden age.
And it's really an exciting time.
All of what has come up
You and I realize, oh, my goodness, that's been there forever.
It's just that it's now out there.
Think about the dark forces.
They invent the Internet, and they never figure out.
Oh, my goodness.
Humans are going to use this, and they're going to be so fast.
Think about what happened with X.
You could tell the truth finally.
Now Facebook can tell the truth.
And then I've had enough, but you have to all our little groups where we little text messaging groups and told everybody about what's going on and what's happened is we've created.
I call it God's Internet where all the great stuff.
You can get it out to your friends so quickly and the mockingbird media and all of that stuff, the spell casting, the broadcasting, you're into it now.
Now.
Okay.
20% or never.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
Well, the other except for me is I live in, you know, the heart of the San Francisco Bay area, and I've lost a lot of important people to me over all this stuff.
And I have a mom who's elderly and sits home watching CNN all day.
And she, you know, we were fine, but, you know, she's like, oh, Lisa, I'm so worried about what's going to happen.

[SPEAKER_13]
It's not the same.
It's not the same.
Again, that's what we talked about.
That's the grief where they're not coming.
They're not coming and we can't stay in the illusion.
That they will, so we have to love them at a distance.
I mean, when this started within my profession, and I'll never forget it.
A young woman would have a baby and then she would say to her parents, you can't come and see the baby.
Unless you have all these vaccinations.
This was insanity, insanity.
So that was the beginning of, or you can't come to Christmas dinner unless you can show us, you know, who does this?
Like these bonds of affection that keep us alive.
we are going to dismiss someone based on a myth and a lie.
I'll tell you what I think is going to be the problem for people.
And that is, this is cognitive dissonance, as you know, things that you just can't admit.
Because if people start to admit what they've done to their own children, they're going to jump off a bridge.
And that's where we're going.
So they really can't.

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, they won't.
So what happens?

[SPEAKER_13]
So what happens is this.
We're at a great divide.
The Red Sea is parting.
And some are coming with us into the best life you can ever imagine.
And the others will just recycle because we're immortal and they'll just come back and, you know, everyone makes it sooner or later.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_02]
Wow.
Wow.
That's incredible.
I want to ask you about fertility and what's going on with fertility.
And I know that you recently were a co-author on a study with Dr. James Thorpe and a bunch of other amazing doctors and scientists about menstruation and how women are impacted by
COVID vaccinated if you want to COVID shot people, even even if.
The women themselves have not been given the injection.
So tell us about that study and then how that dovetails into what's happening with women's reproductive health more generally and fertility and all these things.

[SPEAKER_13]
Okay, we began to notice in as soon as the shot was rolled out in the spring of 2021 that there were these big Facebook groups, 100,000 women talking about how they were bleeding abnormally.
From being around someone who had the shot and then, of course, Facebook was taking down all those communities.
So, Tiffany Prado and me, and some others, he said, what are we going to do?
I'm sitting next to.
a guy named Warren Geek out in Tulsa at the Rhema Bible College.
And he's got three daughters.
And I say, Warren, at that time, you can't imagine.
We're trying to get vials of the vaccines.
We can't get vials.
We want to look at what's going on.
And all the avenues were shut down to us.
But anyway, we managed to get a cohort of 6,000 women.
And all this research is in MyPsychicStory.com.

[SPEAKER_02]
And they filled out, we'll make sure you put that in that in the chat.

[SPEAKER_13]
It's my cycle story.com.
So we have 2 studies that we did 1.
In the beginning, when the covert shot was rolled out.
We were finding that women were having what's called decidual cast shedding the entire inside of the universe looking like a plaster of Paris cast would come out in 1 fell swoop very painful.
After days of cramping, there were 40 cases in the world literature in our cohort of 6000 women.
There were 240 cases.
So we're getting pictures of this happening.
Normally it only only happens under extreme stress and it's very rare.
I'd never seen it in my career.
Then we did with this cohort.
We had women who didn't get the shot.
They didn't weren't sick.
They had negative tests.
Not that the test is anything, but still.
And what we found with this group, and it took us 4 years to get this published because no 1 wanted to touch it.
We found that within 3 days.
Of this woman being around a recently vaccinated person, she was having abnormal bleeding 70% of our 6000 women were having abnormal bleeding within 3 days.
Now, this is in contact, like, it would be a family member, a husband, a wife that.
Finally, finally got that published in a peer review study.

[SPEAKER_02]
So, are you addressing cause at all or mechanisms?
I mean, is it like the shedding thing where, you know, it's coming out in exosomes in the breath transmission?

[SPEAKER_13]
It's something what is it?
You see, but this is not new.

[SPEAKER_02]
This is not metaphysical.
It was what I'm saying.
This is this is.

[SPEAKER_13]
There's something there's something there because in the original Pfizer studies.
Clinical trials there, it says.
If you're a man, do not have sex for six months.
And if you're a pregnant woman, don't even be touched by someone who's had the shot.
That was a reportable incident.

[SPEAKER_02]
I read that myself when those Pfizer drugs came out, Naomi Wolf's work in her team.
Yes.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yes.
It's right there.
What did they know?
When did they know it?
They knew it from the beginning.
And so not only is it good against evil folks, it is
A genocide of humanity.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, so it's a depopulation of that.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah, well, look at the Georgia guide stones.
They put put it right on there.
You know, we want, um, however, many people left and the rest of us are going to be going to Davos in our private planes because these are not.
Like the rest of us, this is the part that people have so much trouble with, because they can't imagine what kind of person would allow this to happen.
Because they couldn't, because they have a conscience, they have a soul.
People doing this have no soul.

[SPEAKER_02]
Right.
No, it's pure evil.
It is.
No, that makes sense.
So I know Steve's going to want to have his turn with you, but I want to ask you.
So this is all, you know, incredible stuff and it's
It's heavy, but I love that you have a hopeful message.
You're like, no, this is going to be great.
Despite AI and everything, we're headed to this amazing...

[SPEAKER_13]
I'll tell you why.
We will have the AI people.
They'll do that.
The rest of us are going to be over here becoming a new species.
We're going to become homoluminous.
We are a light-based species.
We already know that.
We're going to get brighter and brighter and brighter.
I'm doing work with an energetic osteopath, and she knows how to move biophotonic light in the body using the electromagnetic field of the heart and the hands.
This is what she's just taught.
I've watched her work with a person where she got all of the nanobots and whatever right out of his thumb, gone.
These things, let's think about this.
They are not biologic.
They are not anything that God wanted in your body.
Therefore,
these things and more you shall do also remember Jesus raised Lazarus.
He was dead four days.
He didn't say, Oh, let me go and get my Pfizer or Moderna shot.
That's what Lazarus is going to need.
No, he was dead four days.
We have that power.
And that is the most exciting thing.
Cause I, I know all about the healers who've been killed.
I mean, who's hands are these?
He's a young man with healing power in his hands.
The family thinks that's demonic, so they send him to a psych hospital where he gets electroshock therapy once a week.
Then Bruno Groening, the incredible German healer.
Uh, who came to light right after world war two.
He would just heal people talking to them.
This big gland on his neck would expand and they would all get up out of their wheelchairs.
And modern medicine make sure that they kill those people.
Well, there's going to be too many of us.
And that's what's going to happen.
So I believe that everyone who's here.
Right now, you know, Dolores Cannon calls them the volunteers, the wave of volunteers, and you and I were the foremothers of the new humanity.

[SPEAKER_02]
Wow.
Let me ask.
Yeah, no, finish that thought.

[SPEAKER_13]
I want to hear the thought is this.
People are going to have a lot of kids.
They are going to have a lot of kids and the souls coming in now.
I mean, I'm looking at Instagram.
It's fun to see the little kids where this little girl goes, I don't want a hoodie.
I'm a girl.
I want to dress.
We've just convinced an entire generation.
I mean, Berkeley, you're right out there in California.
Berkeley, the OBGYN literature, we have birthing parent or inseminated individual.
We don't have the word mother.
You don't have breastfeeding anymore.
It's chestfeeding.
Okay.
All I can say is I'm going to have to leave those people to Jesus because I don't know what to do with that.

[SPEAKER_02]
I agree.
But at least there's a growing movement.

[SPEAKER_13]
Oh, huge.

[SPEAKER_02]
Pushing back and people, I think reasonable people from all political.

[SPEAKER_13]
80% want their little girl to go to the bathroom without a man walking in on her.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, that's just pretty easy, right?
Um, I had one final question before we bring on Steven and that is kind of going back to like the stuff you can touch.
Do you think conventional medical doctors will ever again have a primary role in women's healing?
How do we begin?
No?
No, we're done.

[SPEAKER_13]
At this point, when young people say, I want to go to medical school, I go, don't.
Here's what's going to happen.
And it's always this way.
The new stuff rises like the Phoenix from the ashes right now.
I'm working with a bunch of doctors.
We're going to start a new medical school learn the energy of the body.
We have all of the stuff that's been hidden and trashed.
All of the stuff of Harvey Begelson, the holographic blood, the dark field microscopy, there's all these healing modalities that have been banished and they've killed the people who have done it.
This is the history of medicine under Rockefeller medicine.
That needs to go away.
And most people are not gonna need a doctor, except like Dr. Lee Merritt, my colleague, orthopedic spine surgeon for the Navy.
She goes, well, if you break your femur, you're gonna need me.
That is true.
We are going to need trauma surgeons and orthopedic surgeons and people to do appendectomies and people bleeding.
That's it.
The rest of them, I swear to you, and I knew this in medical school.
I remember doing my family practice
In Plainfield, Vermont, and I'll never forget it.
I said, my mother could handle 95% of what's come into this office.
Like, why are these people here?
You know, you've got a cold.
Come on.
High dose vitamin C.
chicken soup, rest, but what they needed, they just needed another human being.
They needed something with skin on it to say, you're gonna be okay.
You're gonna be okay.
And we're gonna teach that now to little kids.
You know, when they cut themselves, it heals.
I've always known well, baby care is nothing more than the chance to indoctrinate the child into the.
Pharmaco industrial thing, I mean, 7 shots at once at the same thing, the rate at which we are killing kids with vaccines.
And then I came out on 2006 on Oprah.
when Gardasil was new and I had a chance to have the microphone.
She, what do you think of Gardasil?
I said, not a good idea.

[SPEAKER_02]
I love it.
Love it.
Wow.
Such a hopeful message.
I mean, I, it's, I'm getting a new perspective.
Like you have a whole different angle than what I was.
So it's, and if hope is, you know, a bio biomedical state of healing, then

[SPEAKER_13]
And here's the thing, if we believe it, we'll see it.
It's not the other way around.
I want to give you an example of that.
So I have a friend who has family in Israel, Doris.
Doris loves this bush that grows outside of her sister's home.
But she was there in November.
So the bush is not even close to blooming.
But every day Doris goes over to the bush and loves on it and says, I love the way your flowers are.
You're incredible.
Isn't this beautiful?
The day she was supposed to leave Israel, that bush was in full bloom.

[SPEAKER_02]
I believe that.
Yeah.
I mean, the plants respond.
The plants are lots of whole other subject like that.
There's this living spirit in the plants and the trees.
And in water, you know, data.

[SPEAKER_13]
Austin's work is amazing.
And Masuro Emoto, and we have that effect.
on everything made in the image of God.
That's why these demons want us dead.
They can't do it.
What is the disclosure?
To me, disclosure isn't about the UFOs and all that, and they've been around forever.
There's all these off-worlds, who cares?
Disclosure is who you are, who you really are.
Because if you knew, we would be unstoppable.

[SPEAKER_02]
I love it.
Yeah, I love it.
Um, so it's so ironic and funny that, you know, you were called in 2021.
One of the disinformation doesn't right after being celebrated all those years and being on Oprah and the view and the today's show and nightly news with Tom Brokaw and all the things.
And then, and then you said, um, COVID vaccines coming out, not a good idea.
And now suddenly you'd gone nuts and.
you know, your whole life's work.
And I know Steve relates to that too.
And he's very proud now that he is one of the, you know, misinformation super spreaders of the world.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
And we made t-shirts, you know, misinformation super spreader, but I know that he will relate to that a lot.
Yeah.
So has anything that you said turned out to be with five years of hindsight, wrong misinformation, right?

[SPEAKER_13]
No, it's all it's all been right, but you know what?
That's really been my whole career.
I mean, you know, I was for delayed cord clamping and putting the baby and mother's abdomen and, you know, I've always been pushed in the envelope.
So it was almost like this.
God put us in the crucible.
and to determine whether we would come out wanting or whether we would come out stronger.
And we've all come out stronger, at least my group.
And now I know people like you guys all over the world.
We all found each other.
And we wouldn't have found each other.
I would still be going to these cocktail parties where I didn't have that much in common with most of them, but it looked good.
Right?

[SPEAKER_02]
I love it.
I love it.
Well, when I look at you right now, I think of your book.
Goddesses never age.
And there she is.
And it's like, it's so true.
And then the message, change or die, right?
That's the other ones that grow or die, grow or die, grow or die, grow or die.
Goddesses never age.
Thank you so much.
It's been such an honor talking to you.
I know Steve wants to come on and chat too.

[SPEAKER_13]
Thank you, Lisa.
This has been a pleasure, especially with the wire and all that stuff you're doing.
Whoa.

[SPEAKER_02]
Great time.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_16]
And I just want to remind everyone, I know we've got two rumble streams going.
There was a little glitch in the Matrix as we started the stream.
So we have two different groups of rumble streams going.
But if you have a question for Dr. Christiane Northrup, put them in the chat, all caps.
And then after Steve finishes asking some more questions, then I'll try to get to as many audience questions as possible.
And I wanted to follow up one thing.
When I saw your speech at the Back to Basics conference and during the Q&A, there was a woman who came up to ask you a specific question.
She was like nine and a half weeks pregnant and I thought she was going to actually drop right there.
And she had a lot of trouble about whether to decide to get the vitamin K shot.
And you had a very direct response.
Do you remember that moment?
I wonder if you can share that with with our audience.

[SPEAKER_13]
The direct response is don't get a vitamin K shot.
I mean, it'll just hyper coagulate your kid.
You don't want it.
And there's stuff in there you don't want anyway.
And babies are designed.
to have less coagulability.
So no, you don't do a vitamin K shot.
Now I did not know that at the time I had my kids, but they didn't get anything else.
So no vitamin K, no hep B.
People say to me all the time, well, what are the vaccines that I should get?
I go none, none.
And they can't quite believe it because that is the religion.
And it is a fricking religion.

[SPEAKER_02]
What about the polio shot?
What about polio?

[SPEAKER_13]
About polio, what's so interesting, we know that polio was all the pesticides being sprayed.
The first polio was in Vermont, spraying of these trees against some kind of a moth.
And then all these kids got polio.
And it always came in the summer when they were spraying with the DDT and so on.
And so you'd send your kids out to the country so they wouldn't get polio because they were spraying in the cities.
That's what polio is, and now the only polio that people are getting is from this shot.
But they call it transverse myelitis, or they call it something else.
But we're still giving people polio.
But we just call it all this different stuff.
You read Dissolving Illusions.
To me, that's the best book out there.
Suzanne Humphreys, the woman is a nephrologist here in Maine.
Weird stuff happens in Maine.
Jess says to the head of the hospital, because all her patients are getting renal failure.
She's having to dialyze them.
She's trying to figure out why.
Well, the hospital mandated the flu shot for everyone who came in.
Broken femur, heart attack, didn't matter.
Everyone had to get a flu shot.
So suddenly, she's doing all this dialysis because their kidneys are failing.
And she does something no doctor does.
She reads the package insert.

[SPEAKER_09]
Oh no.

[SPEAKER_13]
There's all these nephrotoxins.

[SPEAKER_09]
You can have your license removed for reading that insert.

[SPEAKER_13]
So she goes to the head of the hospital and says, could we just delay the flu shot until they're better?
Like, let's not do this when someone's sick.
And they did what I watched them do, cause I've testified three times in front of our legislature here in Maine.
And the zombie look comes on and they download the MP3 and it says, vaccines are the most important thing ever invented for humanity.
And they've saved millions of lives.
Lie, lie, lie, lie, lie.
So, and so that's when she took a sabbatical and began to do a deep dive.
On all the vaccines, it turns out, you know, that milk made thing with smallpox.
That's a lie too.
I mean, we merit has done deep dives on that.
There were whole towns in England in the eighteen hundreds.
That would not allow vaccination and people got better.
At home.
Oh, your whole towns do not vaccinate big posters.
The way the lizards work, the deep state is just rinse and repeat.
Just do the same thing over and over.
We humans are onto them now.
We're onto them.

[SPEAKER_02]
I love it.
Well, I hope I get to talk to you again someday soon.
Thank you.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_09]
So do you think your colleagues will ever figure any of this stuff out or will they still be never?

[SPEAKER_13]
I don't know, not the, okay, here's the thing, Steve, at this point, if they're still working in a hospital, that means that they've had three, four, five shots and with each shot, they get dumber.
So the group that I've met though that I love are my colleagues on my cycle story, you know, Dan Mcdyer down in Jacksonville, Florida, Kim Biss, who was the head of the hospital down in St. Petersburg, Jim Thorpe, of course.
So there's a handful
of us who get it.
And I think the others, you know, at this point, I was talking to a pediatrician friend of mine, and he had to leave his practice because pediatricians make the majority of their income from shots.

[SPEAKER_09]
Oh, yeah.
If it wasn't for the shots, the pediatricians would be out of business, right?

[SPEAKER_13]
That's right.

[SPEAKER_09]
I mean, that's kind of what I've heard is that it's like, by giving them the shots, they basically create a revenue stream for kids coming in sick.

[SPEAKER_13]
That's right.
It's, you know, the Yelp rating of the pediatrician is determined by how many two-year-olds are up to date on the schedule.
So this is evil at a whole other level.
And then I love these people who go, well, how do I, you know, my pediatrician is not going to see me if I don't give my kids the shot.
Why would you go near somebody like that?

[SPEAKER_09]
Are there any honest pediatricians out there?
I mean, there are a few.
I know there are a few and they end up getting their license revoked.

[SPEAKER_13]
Or they're like Larry, my buddy, Larry, Liz.
There's there are a few, and they're the ones who've been on the front lines of autism and they've helped those kids.
So there, there are a few, but you're absolutely right.
Steve.
Most people, if you even questioned cobit.
in Maine anyway, they'd take away your license.
Meryl Nass is the poster child for this.
I mean, that woman, she just prescribed ivermectin for one patient.
And then you're a criminal need to lock her away forever.

[SPEAKER_09]
Take away our license.

[SPEAKER_13]
They released the Kraken because that woman started a sub stack and then went all over the world telling everyone about the World Health Organization meeting with heads of governments.
They released Kraken.
Best thing they ever did.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, no, they basically set a free to educate the world.
Have you been able to, or do you know of any pediatricians that got essentially red-pilled during the COVID period and figured things out?
Or even, let's not limit it to pediatricians.
Do you know of any doctors at all that
you know, since the kind of like the COVID shots really opened my eyes to what was going on.
Do you know of any doctors personally that that you know, I mean, I know a lot of people, you know, Pierre Corey, Paul Merrick, Peter McCullough, you know, so so we know about these guys.
But do you know of people who are lower profile, who basically have switched positions and maybe not are not as
diligent about vaccinating kids or just had their eyes open.

[SPEAKER_13]
And I hear about them.
I don't know them personally, but I hear about them because people will say to me, I went to my doctor and they said they wouldn't get it if they were me.
So I hear that there have been really good people in the trenches who are keeping a low profile.
And I think there are way more of them
than we can imagine.
It's just like when our governor here in Maine told Trump that she was going to stick with the laws of Maine and continue to allow boys in girl sports.
And Trump said, and then she said to Trump, I'll see you in court.
Well, what happened was it opened the floodgates and all these people in Maine who kept their mouths shut.
Are now all over social media saying they don't agree with that before no one would say anything because I can tell you that because I've been on the front lines with Maine stands up and you know, we've had a little gatherings and trying to keep people up to date and making sure they don't go into the hospital.
Suddenly the floodgates have opened and we've got about 80% of the people in this state are now.
with us and they're bringing up the fact that we were shut down with COVID and all these doctors who had to leave the hospital and nurses and all the rest of it.
I mean, we're not out of the woods.
I think you're remarkable, Steve.
You actually decided that intellectual integrity and scientific inquiry were more important than your ego.
That's like remarkable.

[SPEAKER_09]
I actually enjoy challenging the medical establishment as an MIT-trained engineer.
It's interesting that I'm the first guy, I think, as far as I know, to point out that the record-level data that was released by the Czech Republic shows that these vaccines basically ended up doing nothing in terms of COVID mortality.
didn't save any COVID lives.
And the data was actually really stunning because it turns out that once you vaccinate people, you start off with a cohort and once you vaccinate, then they divide.
They separate into two groups.
They separate into the vaccinated and the unvaccinated.
And the mortality rate is three times higher.
If you're born in 1950,
your mortality rates three times higher for unvaccinated.
That's nothing to do with whether you took the shot or not.
It's just that the people who choose to refrain from vaccination are, by and large, less healthy because they don't have the socioeconomic status or because they're about to die.
They're in hospice.
They're not going to get the vaccine.
And so you see this three times difference in terms of the two cohorts.
Then when you apply the shots, or sorry, when you apply COVID,
to those people with this big mortality difference, what happens is they increase by 50%.
in both cases.
So their mortality increases proportional to what their mortality was, meaning there's no mortality benefit from getting the shots or not.
Now, there are some confounders in that it's not necessarily the case that people who are sicker are going to get proportionally worse sick for COVID.
So there's no rule that says that they have to be exactly 50% higher mortality during COVID.
The agreement was stunning.
It was like, one was 1.49 and the other one was 1.50.
I mean, and this one was the first one I looked at.
And it's like, you couldn't have cherry picked this if you tried.
But the problem is that the data was out there for anyone to pay, anyone to look at.
And if these people are competent,
or paying attention, they'd be looking at it.
But nobody looks at the data that tells you the answer.
And this is the first day that tells you the answer because we know who was vaccinated and who wasn't.
And we know who died and whether they were vaccinated when they died.
And we can look at low COVID versus high COVID.
That's all you needed is record level data with just that information.
It's not released by anybody anywhere ever except for the Czech Republic.
Who what's wrong with this picture?
I mean, this is this is so insane and there isn't a single member of the mainstream medical community that is speaking out like where is the record level data on this stuff?
And there's no privacy violation.
Eleven million people have their records out in the in the public domain published by the Czech Republic.
And is there like you can't tell who is who.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah, I know.
But remember, all the medical journals are owned by, well, Lee Merritt does a deep dive on this.
Pergamon Press began to take over all the medical journals.
And that was a Nazi publication.
And Pergamon was the altar of Satan.
So when you begin to do a deep dive on this stuff, you go, whoa.
Whoa.
So the medical literature is very, very controlled.
We had so much trouble just getting our MyCycle story stuff published.
Nobody wanted to touch it.
Nobody.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, well, I got a call right after the show started from Sabine Hazan, and she was saying that her paper was retracted.
And I said, your paper was retracted.
She said, now I have four papers that have been retracted.
I said, why did they retract it?
And she said, they claimed that I didn't get informed consent.
Oh, God.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah.
Well, that means that the men in black showed up.
How does anyone even know that?

[SPEAKER_09]
Like, she hasn't formed consent from everybody.
I mean, it's just ridiculous.
She was like, there's no, you know, like, what the?
And it's insane.
And these people get away with it.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah.
But a bunch of us are waking up.
I mean, people are watching us on Rumble.
Notice we can't do this on YouTube.
Isn't that I mean, I'm kind of permanently banned from YouTube on there.
I don't know.
But, you know, for a while there, if my name came up.
You know, you couldn't see it so it's kind of fun because.
You know, in Jurassic Park.
how they said, nature always finds a way.
You know, they go to Jurassic Park and they see the big lump.
And Jeff Goldblum says, what's that?
And the other guy goes, oh, they're all female.
And then Jeff goes, nature always finds a way.
Here's the thing, the truth will come out because it always does.
It always does.

[SPEAKER_09]
Eventually, yeah.

[SPEAKER_13]
Eventually, yeah.

[SPEAKER_09]
Eventually, and the only question is when and I'm pleased that RFK is the new director of HHS.
I've talked to him a few times since he got his appointment, which is, so it's really hard to get a hold of him now.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah, yeah.

[SPEAKER_09]
Oh, yeah.
But I talked to him.
I said, hey, I want to chat with somebody honest in the CDC or the FDA about this data because it shows that the vaccines have no benefit whatsoever.
I mean, we've got to get this information out.
And so he's
He basically is trying to get the adjustment in place so we can have the conversation.
So he said, check back with me later.
I'm trying to get some stuff done so you can have those conversations.

[SPEAKER_13]
He's done stuff on the flu shot, which is great.
He made the CDC remove their flu stuff.
And then he also, they canceled the meeting.
Okay, they have this yearly meeting where they- Right, to figure out what the next train will be.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.
And they have no benefit.
And it's astonishing to me that the NIH did a study back in 2005.
And the study, the authors actually said, hey, we looked to try to find a benefit.
We couldn't find anything.
And then the NIH prohibited us from talking to the press about it.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's it.

[SPEAKER_09]
I mean, I didn't know this until just recently.

[SPEAKER_13]
You go, you know, Pierre Corey, I met him at a thing and he said to me, you know, he was just waking up.
You know, he said, look, I used to read the New York Times every day and I believed all this.
And, you know, he's at the top of his game in New York.
And he said, I didn't know.
I mean, you don't know until you know.
And they do the same thing to everyone.
You're a quack, you're a whatever.
But, you know, how many of us are you going to keep saying this?
At this point, you know,
It's out of the bag now.
They can't keep censoring the individual doctors who've been saying this stuff for 40 years like me, because now the tide has changed.
And we've got RFK Jr. and everyone pray for him.
I mean, think about it.
Trump goes in, boom, they hit him with COVID.
And Bobby goes in and they, boom, hit him with measles.
Like measles is some big deal.
It's no big deal, but they have created
See, that's how it works.
The dark forces cannot create.
They need to brainwash us into creating for them.
So they've got all of this doom and gloom about measles, which on the Brady Bunch, you know, they just showed you how to get comic books for your kids because they were going to be bored.
Well, the three days where they had measles.
Measles is no big deal.
A little vitamin A, you're good to go.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, but people can die from measles.
It's unclear whether this person
who was claimed to be unvaccinated for measles, I think one of the treatments that they gave this person was the measles vaccine.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah, you don't give a kid a vaccine when they're sick.
This is a thing that I hope everyone needs to know.
They don't, you can't take your dog in and give them a vaccine when they're sick.

[SPEAKER_09]
You shouldn't give any vaccines even if you're well.
What does sickness have to do with it?

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah, I know.
I know you shouldn't.
It's true.
It's true.
And so, you know, there's a petition, right, to get whatever it is, the truth out there about what happened to this one person.
But everyone is, they've lost their minds over measles.
And I was talking to Larry Pilewski about it and he said, you know, you just give some vitamin A and you could get over it really quick.

[SPEAKER_09]
I mean, some people will die from measles, but they,
I saw a post from one of my friends, Ben.
I'm not supposed to name his last name, but he's from Mortality Watch.
And he said he posted something like 5,000
For every person that dies of measles, the measles vaccine kills like 5,000 people or something like that.
I mean, it's so outrageous.
And all the stuff that you get from the New York Times is on, oh, Kennedy is going to make a, you know, these kids are going to be dying from measles.
But the measles vaccine has repercussions like autism that are horrible.

[SPEAKER_13]
three times the rate of autism if you're a black boy.
And that's the movie Medical Racism.
And everyone can go see it for free.
Bobby produced it.
And my friend Kevin Jenkins in Newark produced it, medicalracism.com.
Go watch it for yourself.
And then that Guy Thompson hid all that data at the CDC and then finally came out.
Oh, well, you know, I sort of hid that.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, Bill was actually a good guy.
I've been talking, talking with Bill, um, just a couple of days ago, in fact.
And I asked him, I said, so Bill, are there any other honest people at the CDC besides you?
Yeah.
And he wrote back.
Yes.
And I said, great, can I talk to them?
Let me see if I can find the... Come on.

[SPEAKER_16]
We didn't see any honest people when we were there, Steve, at the CDC.

[SPEAKER_09]
He replied, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Let's see.
Yeah, he says, I know the first author very well.
He cites a paper in JAMA.
He is an honest person, but very unlikely to speak to you directly or speak publicly.
He is a shy scientist who tries to stay out of the limelight.
We had lunch together yesterday and it's like, wow.

[SPEAKER_13]
um like who's the honest scientist i could have a conversation with you know it's the same steve as the doctors who are the doctors well they don't want to out themselves in this atmosphere because they look at what's happened to me and what's happened to you and they don't want to step in there they they you know have their life and they don't want their whole life uprooted by

[SPEAKER_09]
I mean, yeah, you sort of can't blame them.
I mean, you know, on the one hand, you can and the other hand, you can't.
It's like it's like you put yourself into their situation.
They have a family to to feed.
It's like it's not their
You know a hill to to die on and and so they they just go along with the flow I think it's I think it's bad, but they they realize that well shit if if if I don't go along with the flow they're gonna shoot me
And it's it's you're in a basically as a doctor you're in this no-win situation and so I feel for that but there are a lot of doctors who are just completely red-pilled by this whole thing and they're they're just believing the narrative and you know I have family members as well that that think I'm a nutcase and

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah, well, I mean, that's why we had to all meet each other.
I think I think it's the most amazing thing, you know, that I met Paul Merrick and Pierre Corey and all these incredible people.
We wouldn't have met each other, but in the most unlikely circumstances.

[SPEAKER_09]
Oh, yeah.

[SPEAKER_13]
You know, and and in these because for a while,
You couldn't I was supposed to go down to a thing with the United Intentions media in Atlanta to get an award was going to be at a unity church.
Well, Antifa, Atlanta.
All over X said, you know, that they were going to.
do something to the pastor of the Unity Church if they didn't, if they had me.
And so therefore the church canceled the whole thing at 11 at night before 500 people were coming.
And we managed to get it in another venue.
This happened all the time.
Clay Clark told me they'd have to change the venues three times.

[SPEAKER_09]
Oh wow.

[SPEAKER_13]
Before they would ever be allowed to have a reawaken America tour thing happen.

[SPEAKER_09]
Dang.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah, he was, you know, wow, wow.
So, you know, that was baptism by fire.
But I met all the good people.
And you know what, Steve, a lot of them didn't turn out to be good people because there's grifters everywhere.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, but it's it's it's stunning the delegation of
of expert opinion to the so-called experts at the CDC and the belief that, well, if the CDC is not saying anything, Steve, you're wrong.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah, that's right.
That's right.
That's why I tell people, don't give money to the American Cancer Society.
Don't give money to any of the runs for the cure.
It's never going to change anything.
Yeah.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, when you think autism, they're going to, people are going to realize that that doctor, when you think doctors will acknowledge that vaccines cause autism, something that's so blatantly obvious to anybody who looks at the data.

[SPEAKER_13]
There's an old quote, science moves forward one funeral at a time.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yes, well, there've been a lot of funerals in terms of autistic kids, and it's a horrible tragedy.

[SPEAKER_13]
Well, I'm talking about the doctors.
We have to have a new group coming up.
I remember once I got a referral from an osteopath.
And it was on his pad.
And it was, birth control pills are interfering with this woman's intuition.
Please advise.
Well, birth control pills change you from alternating current to direct current.
And there's all kinds of things we could talk about with that.
And I said to him, how is it that you can see that?
He said, oh, I'm just too dumb not to notice.
It is so obvious to us, but if you're mostly in your head,

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_13]
You're not going to see common sense.
Cause this is what they've been telling you.

[SPEAKER_09]
Tell you to believe it's, it's like the flu shots.
I mean, you know, the, uh, the data has been out there for 20 years that the flu shots are completely useless and Alzheimer's though they increase.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, you know, uh, useless in terms of preventing the flu.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah, absolutely.
Yeah.
People need to learn.
how to live according to the laws of nature that keep their body healthy.
And that's where hopefully we're going.
I just did, I was in on a documentary that Jeff Hayes is doing.
He's making four Maha documentaries, Make America Healthy Again with Bobby's kind of branding.
And that's where we're going.
Now we got to help the people that are suffering now and
We got to move forward because where we're going, as I said, is a very exciting place.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yep.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_09]
Truth.

[SPEAKER_16]
Can I ask a few audience questions?

[SPEAKER_13]
Love it.
Sure.

[SPEAKER_16]
All right.
Well, here we go from Monica Greb question.
Dr. Northrup, what do you think of thermograms for breast to check for breast cancer?

[SPEAKER_13]
They're great.
They're very, very good.
You see, because the thing is, the thermograms came around in the seventies.
And again, like Louis Pasteur versus Beauchamp or Tesla versus Edison, the mammogram took off for marketing purposes.
A mammogram is a static thing.
It shows a picture in one thing.
A thermogram is a functional test.
It shows you the heat pattern of the breast, and the heat pattern is as unique as your fingerprints.
You get a baseline thermogram,
And then, and this is the cool part of a thermogram, if it shows a lot of cellular inflammation,
you can do things like changing your diet and all of that stuff, use Castor Opex, watch it change, watch the inflammation decrease.
That's actual prevention because inflammation is the root cause of all chronic degenerative diseases, including cancer.
So that's my answer to Thermogram.
And I've been a big fan of that, but also you've got to change your approach to the breast.
You know, like we, we teach people the, the breast self-exam, right?
Make your hands into two mind sweepers and then, you know, touch your breasts, trying to find something that's going to kill you.
No woman is going to do that.
You've got to change the paradigm so that you're using the electromagnetic field of your hands.
There's a healing power, then approach your breasts to give it loving energy.
And I got a whole section on breast massage in women's bodies, women's wisdom.

[SPEAKER_16]
Fantastic.
Thank you for the question, Monica.
Question from Dr. Laura.
I agree about forgiving the past, but how about while we are trying to get justice and stop the globalists from killing more of us, how do you walk that tightrope?

[SPEAKER_13]
Well, I was approached by, I saw Jeff Childers, Dr. Jeff, Dr. he's an attorney Florida who I love.
And he said on his sub stack, I will take the case of any of the disinformation doesn't and I'll file it as a 1st amendment case censorship.
If any of you are takers, so, you know, I'm a, I'm a taker.
Like, I think we need to see justice.
And so I came up with all of the crap that's been said about me.
I mean, it's really it's it's liable.
It's awful.
It's evil.
And so if we take the case, believe me, I will move forward with that.
But this is an individual thing.
What is the hill you're gonna die on?
And some of them are the hill you're gonna die on and then others.
If you've ever been involved in lawfare, you know that it's like the house in Vegas, the house always wins.
So you have to decide
how far you want to go with revenge.
There's a biblical phrase, justice is mine, saith the Lord.
So you just decide, do you want me in this spin in the rest of my life to try to get justice?
Also, if you're outmanned and outgunned,
on the earth, you turn to a higher authority.
I've been sued eight times, so I really understand this system.
And you can't let yourself get so mired in it that you're gonna keep fighting, because this is how Satan, Satan owns the law, by the way, the legalistic system, that's all satanic.
So we have to see justice, we will see justice.
And each of us has to do, you have to decide when you're gonna stay, when you're gonna hold them, when you're gonna fold them.
It's an individual decision.
But believe me, I wanna see a lot more people in Gitmo.
I'm real interested in it.

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah, you and me both.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah, right.

[SPEAKER_16]
Question from Happy Hoofers.
Dr. Northrup, can you speak about bioidentical hormones for menopausal and postmenopausal women?

[SPEAKER_13]
It is one of my specialties.
I was on Oprah with Suzanne Summers, who is no longer with us, and I was a pioneer in bioidentical hormones.
What are they?
They are the hormones that exactly match what's found in the female body, and they cannot be patented because you cannot patent any of God's creation, interestingly enough.
However, you can patent the glue.
like the Estraderm patch or the Vivell patch or whatever.
And hormone, bioidentical hormones are really helpful for a lot of women.
They have to be individually dosed.
And I started a company for an herbal product called Peraria Marifica that helps many, many women so they don't need a prescription.
but not all women do well on that and not all women do well on the bioidenticals.
So, but there's a lot of things you can do.
And in my book, the wisdom of menopause, I cover all of that.

[SPEAKER_16]
So grab her book and learn even more.
I would say.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_16]
Next question is from,
Here we go, Patriot at Steel Magnolia.
Please address autoimmune related thyroid dysfunction issues, hypothyroidism.

[SPEAKER_13]
Um, everyone needs more iodine than they are getting.
And oftentimes the thyroid issue is glyphosate.
So you think it's a gluten sensitivity, but it's really glyphosate.
So you want to try getting some, um, iodine.
Kelp is a good way to get it.
I would also do castor oil packs to your neck and your thyroid and
Then also, it is about the voice.
This is the fifth emotional center, and it's about telling your truth.
in the right timing.
It's about timing and telling the truth and personal creativity.
And the reason so many women have this problem is that the feminine voice has been downplayed and subdued for generations.
Nine million women were burned as witches in the middle ages and they were the herbalists, the midwives, the healers.
So there's been a kind of a thing on planet earth where
You're crazy and we don't want to hear what you have to say.
So therefore I want you to practice.
The other thing that really helps is toning, like singing, like, you know, humming, all that stuff does, works wonders to rehabilitate this whole thing.

[SPEAKER_16]
Steve, who was the doctor we had on who used humming as a healing practice?
I don't remember who it was, but I remember that.

[SPEAKER_09]
Philip McMillan.

[SPEAKER_16]
That's right.
Philip McMillan.
That's right.
Dr. McMillan had, he talked about he'd practice it every day when he's walking down the street.
Steve, have you been humming?
No, I haven't been.
That's why you hurt your back.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, there, there you go.

[SPEAKER_16]
Probably a question from Sophia 77.
Is it safe to use frequency machines for healing considering all the dark frequencies they're throwing at us and possible interference?

[SPEAKER_13]
That is such a great question.
There are certain healing frequency machines that I love.
The tuning forks of Eileen McCusick is great.
The Centropix Mat is fantastic.
The Biomat is fantastic.
The Rife machines and so on, you know,
If you get it just a little off, it's not so good.
And so I would be careful with those things.
But remember, healing is voltage.
So you want to do whatever you can.
The pulse electromagnetic field stuff increases voltage, and that's really, really helpful.
So in general, that works.
But I'm with her about the frequencies.
But remember, your intent is the most powerful thing.
So your intent is to connect with
God and you're made in the image of God.
And then, you know, I always go around saying, get thee behind me, Satan, like, get out of here.

[SPEAKER_16]
Kick them out.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_16]
Question from Dr. Northrop, I heard you say no vaccines.
So what are your thoughts on shingles prevention or remedies to get through the virus comfortably?
And he also added, you are amazing.

[SPEAKER_13]
Oh, thank you.

[SPEAKER_16]
Or she.

[SPEAKER_13]
Cayenne pepper does an amazing job with shingles.
Also, garlic is fantastic with shingles.
So what you're trying to do is, as we know, the chicken pox virus lives in the dorsal root ganglion.
And that's how you can get shingles.
And they're always in the distribution of that segment.
So, you know, you can get a trigeminal and all of that stuff.
But believe it or not, the cayenne pepper ointment works beautifully.
And just generally like fasting really, really helps.
So there's a there's a lot you can do
to prevent it.
If you get it and it's really bad, I would go with the Zovorex, which is the basic antiviral from medicine, and sometimes you need some steroids.
I wouldn't worry about that stuff.
But generally, if your immune system is healthy,
You're not going to get this stuff.
You are not.
We're seeing, by the way, shingles in nine year olds and 10 year olds.
We never saw that before they started to mess with it with the chicken pox virus.
So what you want to do, if at all possible, is get chicken pox when you're a kid.
I tried desperately to make sure my kids had it so we wouldn't have the problem later.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah.
That's the way I got them when I was young.

[SPEAKER_13]
That's right.
That's right.
Yep.

[SPEAKER_16]
I have a question.

[SPEAKER_13]
Then you have, you know, measles and chickenpox, all the, they confer immunity to you so that later you won't get cancer.
These are all important things.
It's toning the immune system.

[SPEAKER_16]
Right on.
Steve, there's a question for you from flock 12.
Uh, yes.
How is your eye doing and how's your back?

[SPEAKER_09]
Um, my back is better and my eye is worse.
And, uh, yeah, I like, um, I've lost all vision in my right eye.
Oh, I did not.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_16]
It had a second bleed.
How recently was that?

[SPEAKER_09]
Um, a couple of weeks ago.

[SPEAKER_16]
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, the doctor's completely baffled.
Never seen anything like it.
Basically, half my eye was blind, and now a year later, the other half went blind.
So now I'm completely blind in one eye, and will never recover it.

[SPEAKER_13]
I don't believe that.
I work with people who do really interesting things, so get in touch with me, Steve.
OK.

[SPEAKER_16]
We'll have to put you two together and see if we can have a miracle happen.
Last question for you, Dr. Northrup.
Tom Fratello asks, are there any safe alternatives to surgery for treating cataracts?

[SPEAKER_13]
Yes.
Castor oil, good cold-pressed organic castor oil, and sun gazing.
And you start really, really slowly, just at dawn or at sunset.
And you can literally just gaze at the sun.
And you know, this is another big lie, right?
The sun is there, don't look at the sun.
No, we're phototropic.
we're supposed to be getting natural light.
You probably know the work of Dr. Frank Cruz, the neurosurgeon who brings all of his patients outside to heal.
He is so phenomenal and it's all about the light and the biophotonic sunlight.
So I would try that first.
There's an incredible book.
It might be out of print.
Sunlight Could Save Your Life by Zane Kine, K-I-M-E.
So try that first.
And then, you know, if you have to get the cataract surgery, they're incredibly good at it now.

[SPEAKER_16]
Right.
Specialists are really, really good at it.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_16]
Dr. Northrup, where can people find you?
They can they want to track you.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah.
Dr. Northrup.com.
You'll see everything.
I have a sub stack.
That's kind of my inner circle where I.
Tell you all the good stuff.
I've got an E news.
Dr. Northup.com.
I'm on.
I put my gnarly stuff on X and telegram and I keep the puppies and kittens over on Facebook.
Um, and, uh, occasionally do an Instagram live, but I, I do most of the stuff over on Substack, but just drnorthrup.com.

[SPEAKER_16]
And Janet will put that in the chat for us, uh, for our audience to follow you.

[SPEAKER_13]
Great.

[SPEAKER_16]
Steve, any final questions for Dr. Northrup or any thoughts, uh, based on tonight's fantastic, enlightening conversation?

[SPEAKER_09]
Uh, Nope.
Can't, can't think of anything else right now.
Great.

[SPEAKER_16]
All right.
Well, Dr. Northrup, thank you so much for joining us tonight.
And, um, I hope you join us again in the future.
Sometime that would be great to have you back and maybe we can talk about men's health.

[SPEAKER_13]
That'd be fun because there's a lot of stuff that's gone on with men.
That's not okay.
And we,
We really need to bring back healthy men, husbands, fathers, protectors.
We need that.
And that's what needs to come next.
So I'd love to do that.

[SPEAKER_16]
All right, you're on.
We'll look ahead at the calendar and schedule the men's conversation.
beautiful all right great well thank you both for coming on steve i'm gonna switch gears here and um everyone hang in there i'm gonna have another special guest coming on shortly here but i want to set this up there was a yesterday let me find this
Governor Ron DeSantis and First Lady Casey DeSantis called to protect patient freedom and permanently ban mRNA mandates in Florida.
So what happened was Governor Ron DeSantis and his First Lady called the CDC to stop recommending the COVID-19 vaccine for children.
Additionally, Governor Ron DeSantis and First Lady Casey DeSantis called on the Florida legislature to make permanent
the state prohibitions on mRNA mandates and to add vaccination status protections to the patient's Bill of Rights.
And I want to bring on Heather Hudson.
Hello, Heather.
How are you this evening?
Welcome to VSRF Live.

[SPEAKER_18]
Hi, how are you?

[SPEAKER_16]
I'm doing very well.
Thank you.
So for those of you that don't know, let me find your bio here and get people updated on your story.
Here we go.
Heather is our good friend who is Cody's mom.
Heather is a Florida mom fighting for justice for the vaccine injured.
Her research on the COVID-19 vaccine, LNPs, and autoimmune blood clotting antiphospholipid.
I can't say that word properly.
Steve, help me out there.
Syndrome.
Antiphospholipid.
Thank you.
Linked to the COVID-19 vaccine injuries is used in litigation in three countries.
Her substack, A Mother's Anthem, is read in all 50 US states and 60 countries.
Heather wrote the proposed Cody's Law to help get medical care for the vaccine injured who are abandoned by all programs meant to help them, including the CICP and Social Security medical programs.
All vaccine injured and emergency countermeasure injured citizens are left without immediate medical care programs
at the time of the injury and they go with care and medication.
Some are fighting for their lives and others have lost their fight.
Heather is standing up with them and an army of parents, bereaved families, doctors, advocates, and injured citizens to get them this medical care.
Cody's law has been filed in the Florida House as HB 149 and in the Florida Senate as SB 1362, but there is still work to do to get it passed.
Again, thank you for joining us, Heather.
And I wanted to get your take to start off on yesterday's announcement in Florida.
And I know you've been in contact with DeSantis.
Can you tell us your take on what happened yesterday and the good news about it in Florida?

[SPEAKER_18]
Yeah.
So it's his team that calls me.
I think early on we spoke when he had the roundtable.
He spoke to a lot of us.
But now he has a team that calls.
And so I do want to focus on the good things that happened yesterday, because some of the people that you were talking about really pushed hard for these changes.
So most people don't know that behind every bill or every guideline or any law, there's usually thousands and thousands of citizens who have been pushing the politicians
To do this, and this is what happens in Florida.
It's amazing how many people.
Work together without these big fights and, you know, we just work and so some of this that happened yesterday was the result of these.
Not it's not organized groups.
It's parents.
It's the average your neighbor, your grocery clerk, your librarian, but they're all writing letters, writing campaigns and calling campaigns.
And so, and.
really, really good news, the one that I focus on from yesterday is that people in Florida are going to be able to have transplant surgeries and surgeries without being forced to get a COVID-19 vaccine or any vaccine.
So it's anti-discrimination to protect people from being discriminated against medical procedures and such based on their vaccine status.
that's huge that is absolutely huge and honestly I mean all of us should just be cheering you know right now so um that's the one that you know I'm focused on and the fact that they're reaching out to stop the shots for children is something that all of us you know I think around the country have been working on so this is wonderful we all know that um in children their immune system is the
it's active and sometimes overactive and their thymus gland is still in place or mostly in place.
And so when they have a response to a vaccine, it's going to be greater.
So, you know, these children who are healthy and robust, they obviously never needed this.
Now, we can talk all day about who else didn't need it, but saving the children, protecting children, this is huge.

[SPEAKER_16]
So I want to ask you about who this doesn't help yet, right?
Can you give us a little bit of background on your son, on Cody, and what you're still pushing and fighting for?

[SPEAKER_18]
Yeah.
So, you know, for me, it's really hard because I'm pulled in a few different directions.
And I think it makes me a little distracted when I'm talking and trying to stay on topic, because emotionally what's happened to Cody and on a daily basis, him fighting for his life.
And I wrote a proposed law that's going through the legislation.
I also do medical research and it's a lot to keep in mind and focus.
trying to go through this and not be super emotional can be hard.
So I'm human.
But I was taken aback yesterday because Cody is terminally ill.
He's fighting for his life.
And he has antiphospholipid syndrome, but not just a normal antiphospholipid syndrome.
His is triple positive.
And then it became treatment resistant.
So, triple positive, meaning that all 3 antibodies that can be affected are for him.
And they are, he is so significantly affected that his are higher than can be measured in the lab, you know, 3 years out plus.
So, and he's very sick in that way.
And then his body stopped responding to blood thinner.
So, even though he's.
fully anticoagulated and they can test to see that, he still gets blood clots and so he's had significant clotting.
He's had four strokes to date.
He has had two different episodes of massive pulmonary embolism.
He's had a lesser pulmonary emboli, partially collapsed lung, leaky heart valves,
left ventricular hypertrophy, he has pots, he has neuropathy, he has Raynaud's syndrome, he has Sjogren's syndrome, and he has stenosis in his brain.
I could go on.

[SPEAKER_09]
How many, how many doctors recognize that that he was injured by the COVID vaccines?

[SPEAKER_18]
So the doctors, he said his case is peer reviewed and published and I did the medical research on that and we came in back in 2022 to talk about that.
So his is one of the first link autoimmune blood clotting disorders for COVID-19 vaccine.
So from there on out, you know, almost every
Every doctor since that initial going to the mainstream hospitals, and they started recognizing that this happened.

[SPEAKER_09]
And so, you know, that what do they attribute it to the vaccine ended the peer reviewed literature article.
Attributed to the vaccine, or did it just say, oh, it's coincidence.
I wonder if it's causal or not.

[SPEAKER_18]
No, it says link to the.
the title is, I think it's a case of COVID, a case of antiphosphate mRNA COVID-19 vaccine linked antiphospholipid syndrome.
So as a matter of fact, I'm due to speak with Yehuda Schoenfeld's team about Cody's case.
So he is a likely, you know, a classic Schoenfeld syndrome.
So he not only has the,
the link to the adjuvants and the inflammatory events that took place with that.
But also we've got the non-self with the phospholipids being coated in PEG in the body, not recognizing the difference between the vaccine phospholipids and his own.
So he ended up with the autoimmune disorder there.
And then he also has a spike antibodies higher than can be measured in a lab.
It's like 1300 plus days out now.
So it's not just a normal antiphospholipid syndrome.
It's significant, and it's complicated by these other things.

[SPEAKER_09]
But do all of his doctors, now that it's in the peer-reviewed literature, acknowledge that he's vaccine injured?

[SPEAKER_18]
They do.
We get a lot of pushback from the mainstream hospitals only.
I mean, the big hospitals.

[SPEAKER_09]
Pushback, how so?

[SPEAKER_18]
So, for instance, one of the main hospitals here in Florida, Cody had a massive frontal lobe stroke and the teaching team wanted to see him.
We have a brain institute here and I can't remember the name of it, but it's a stroke and brain institute here.
They wanted to see him, which I thought was kind of odd.
We didn't request it.
They set up an appointment for him.
And encouraged us to come in and when we did come in and they started to look at him.
Now, mind you, you know, he was 24 at the time and he's already had numerous strokes.
He has severe stenosis on the left side of the brain throughout three regions and he's had a blood clot in the.
And so he's gone through a lot, so it's unbelievable to them.
And so the doctor there said.
Did he have exposure to a medicine or.
Chemical and I said, you know, this is, you know, this is from the covered 19 vaccine and.
You know, things change rapidly and.
He was not given any more care there.
They actually said we're going to refer you back out to rheumatology, which is really rare.
We received a lot of push back from.
You know, agencies that were trying to get help what they said, oh, he should be with neurology.
Well, neurology pushes him.
back out.
They don't want to see his case.
As a matter of fact, they thought he had a blood clot in his heart the day that we were there and they ordered a Doppler for its heart and they also ordered a new brain scan.
They didn't follow through with either one of those.
I had to take my son to some urgent and emergency care.
We were basically kicked out and that was the hospital systems as well, you know, in the first five months of Cody's illness and I have all the documentation that shows

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, and why do you think they kick you kick you out?
Is it because they don't believe your story or because they they don't want to like?
I can understand it if he didn't take the vaccine that they would kick you out because he's not vaccinated, but he took the vaccine.
How many shots did he have before this happened?

[SPEAKER_18]
So I think there's two answers to that one that this particular
you know, high end stroke center said his case is above our pay grade.
I've heard that term several times.
His case is so complex.
So that's one thing.
And then the other thing is, this is autoimmune in nature for him.
This is antibody driven and a rheumatologist needs to be handling that.
But the problem is the drug is Rituxan, which is 40, anywhere from $40,000 to $80,000 a year.
In his case, it's $80,000 as much as he needs.
And there's no way our family can afford that.
So he is, like his other doctors say, we are just kicking the can down the road at this point for him.
And it's just, it's so hard to talk about.
He is really tough.
And really strong, but he could have blood clotting at any moment that just takes.

[SPEAKER_09]
So just out of curiosity, when this whole thing started, presumably you were both all gung-ho about the vaccine that's going to save you from COVID and so forth.
Or were you a little bit coerced?
Were you coerced?
Or why did you take the shots?

[SPEAKER_18]
So in our case, my husband was absolutely against the shots.
I just did not think that they had gone through enough testing or that enough time had taken place for them to know that they were safe.
We did encourage Cody not to take the shots and we have a very unique situation.
And I remember talking to you about this in 2022.
So we have a double doctorate in our family, if you remember, and he was encouraging all the family members to get the shots.
But in Cody's case, his friends were giving the shots and they were okay.
Doctors were telling him to get the shots, but he was told specifically by a doctor
that if he brought COVID-19 infection home, that me, his mother, that I would die.
He was actually told that because I have autoimmune disorders.
I have muscle disease.
And he is a good kid, high functioning autism, a rule follower.
And he believed he was saving his mom's life.

[SPEAKER_09]
Wow.
So what is what is the double doctorate saying now?

[SPEAKER_18]
He did not want us to talk about Cody's condition at all and what happened to him.
And he was not the nicest person.
It's very painful.

[SPEAKER_09]
Did he apologize?
Did he say he was wrong?
Did he say, hey, I'm really sorry?

[SPEAKER_18]
Oh, gosh, no.
No.
No.
It's a huge sadness for our family.
No, it got ugly.
It got ugly.

[SPEAKER_09]
Wow.
So sad.
It's a terrible story.

[SPEAKER_18]
It really is because for a year or more, we were all just, okay, you have your thoughts and your view and we have our view.
And then when Cody's case became treatment resistant, this is not his words, this is just my thought.
I think that he just was in disbelief that we could go from having shots to
You know, two years down the road, he's fighting for his life again.
And from here on out, he will be fighting for his life.
His life will be cut short.

[SPEAKER_09]
And has he done anything whatsoever to help?
Like, oh, I can refer you to to doctors who will not say this is above our pay grade.
I will I'll help to refer you.

[SPEAKER_18]
No, he was just furious that we're speaking out.
And so it's been a falling out, Steve.
It's very, very hard to talk about.
And I go around it because I don't want to cause more sadness for the family.
Very hard.

[SPEAKER_16]
And I have a couple of questions coming in from the audience.
First one is that, does it help at all if staters call Florida legislators for Cody's law?
Who should they call?

[SPEAKER_18]
So any state, not just Florida, this has to be public outcry.
So to kind of just give a brief reason for that is that Cody's law can be replicated in all the other states and we want to start getting as much momentum as we can.
So Cody's law, just in brief, briefly is people are already
Sick and injured from these vaccines, we know her.
The congressional reports and also the letter from the 14.
State attorney generals that these injuries are acknowledged on a federal level and also several state levels.
And we also know that it's acknowledged that the compensation programs are failed and failing them.
If they seek compensation, it's going to be 2 to 3 years.
but also there are no state programs or federal programs that provide medical care to these people at the time of injury.
So for people who have cancer, when they go to the hospital and the hospital thinks they have cancer, just when they think they have cancer, a social worker comes in and they start setting them up for social security, Medicare or Medicaid.
It's called compassionate allowances.
It expedites the claims.
So, I want to make it very clear because there was some media out there this week that said this is just going to be a financial burden on Florida.
This isn't new claims.
This isn't new people that are getting sick.
This is people who are going to be sick from these vaccines and they will go into these disability programs and Medicare and Medicaid.
And these are people who are already in these programs that are waiting 2 to 3 years without being able to get medication like Cody.
And so.
There's people in every single state that are going through this.
They're losing their cars.
They're losing their houses.
They've already lost their jobs because they're disabled.
They lost their insurance, and there's nothing.
They've been abandoned.
And like I said, Congress recognized that they were abandoned.
14 AGs recognize they're abandoned.
So we got this bill to a point where we have both the Senate
sponsorship and the representative house sponsorship here in Florida, which is almost unheard of.
So this is getting expedited care to these people.
What they can do is they can call Governor DeSantis office and respectfully, it's really important that we are respectful and not not angry because we can be very emotional about this and ask them please to
support and pass Cody's law.
Governor DeSantis specifically and Casey and Dr. Lattopo have not worked with us with Cody's case to an extent where it's been brought to the public since 2022.
We've been in communications.
He's supposed to have been in several of the press conferences and
You know, it's a little bit of tension here in Florida, if I'm honest, but the beautiful thing about this is we still have time.
We've got this law.
We have just under 60 days where it goes through committee.
And during this period where it's going through committee, the legislators are looking at it and seeing how it can best work.
Then they vote on it and then it goes to Governor DeSantis desk and he gets to help
countless people in the state of Florida who are waiting and they're waiting through this red tape and some of them die during that period of time.
So call, be respectful.
They can call the Florida representatives and the Florida senators as well.
So this wouldn't be the federal senators.
This is the ones in the states.
You have to look at Florida state senators and Florida Governor DeSantis and the
The phone numbers will be there.
You can also email them from any state on my sub staff that provide all the emails and quite a bit of information about Cody's law.

[SPEAKER_16]
Thank you.
On a side note, you're working on research that could help Steve in his bet.
Can you explain that briefly?

[SPEAKER_18]
Yes.
Okay.
So with my research, like I said, I'm like a better writer than I am a speaker and
So something that I'm working on and Dr. Laurie's team and some of the doctors that she knows are going to publish this with me.
So I'm kind of giving you guys a sneak peek, but I really want to help Steve with his bet.
So what I do is I synthesize the work of the COVID-19 manufacturers and the lipid developers and manufacturers.
And so there's a study that I've been working on.
And so what it is is that,
At the rollout of the COVID-19 vaccines, there was an EUA, obviously, and the purity of the vaccines and the integrity of the mRNA were assessed and the assessment was called CE.
I'm pretty sure Steve is familiar with what CE is.
I actually went all the way down into the
the contracts to find out if it really was CE.
So this is an assay technique that they use to see how pure and how intact the mRNA are.
So it turns out that after over a year, just around a year, one of the manufacturers found out that CE cannot see the impurities and the integrity of the mRNA.
They had no idea
For the 1st year, including when the way was proved.
So, this can help Steve because.
So, with with the, the purity at 60%.
Showed it was 60% purity on the and the vaccine looked like it was, hey, we can get this out in the lots and this can go through production and to the people.
So, then they looked at it with.
I'm going to stumble on it.
It's RPHLC.
I think, Steve, is that it?
I don't know.
Liquid chromatography.

[SPEAKER_09]
Okay.

[SPEAKER_18]
So it's a different assay.
So the first assay is like having binoculars and looking for a flea.
The second assay is like having a microscope and looking for the flea.
So they could not determine whether the mRNA was intact or not.
And when they started using the more sophisticated assay,
they found a historical, meaning all the way back from the beginning, adducts and covalent bonds and a degradation of not only the lipids but the mRNA.
So the wording that they use is significant.
So the mRNA was significantly degraded.
So they were not able to determine how
how viable the vaccines were for over a year.
And then these studies did not get into the field for two years.
So we don't know what went out in the lots because they could not even see it.
And so if the tails, the poly A tails are not intact, which is what we're finding to a significant, there were a significant degree, that means
that the vials were not, they were not effective.
The people were not getting effective mRNA that could not do its job.
And if it couldn't do its job, and we know it couldn't do its job because the manufacturers say that to a significant percent, it could not do its job and they know why now.
then we couldn't have saved a million lives.
And that's what I've been waiting to tell you for a while.
And I have all the studies, the data, I went all the way down into contracts with the government and found out exactly which assay technique they use.
And sure enough, they use the assay technique that can't even see it to get the EUA, which I think is profound.
I expected it to drop.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, so your point is that they're...
But I think the problem is that without testing all the vials, without proving it, that it was degraded in all the vials, it becomes... Yeah, they did a significant testing and then they even...
In all vials.

[SPEAKER_18]
So here's the thing.
Defect is a defect known to the lipids and it caused adducts and it is historical and it is throughout the industry and it says it in the studies.
It is throughout every single, not just COVID-19, but every single ionizable cationic lipid.
It's a
It's an aldehyde adduct.
And it was not only just all the vials, but all other products using the ILMP.
And it has been proven.
It is from the manufacturers.
And then they started going back to the drawing board.
They started making patents going through.
There's patents in there showing that they used certain
chelation and such to try and find out what in the world was causing the addicts.
So it is not only their words are historical, it is industry wide.
It was all the vials and it was all the way back from the start of the ILMPs.
It's a significant study.
It's a significant find.
It sounds unbelievable, but I have all the documentation on it.

[SPEAKER_16]
Okay.
All right.
Well, let's talk more.
Yeah.
Let's look into that.
Heather, how can people help Cody?
Where can they help donate?

[SPEAKER_18]
So we do have to go back and forth to Tallahassee quite a bit in the next 60 days in order to testify in the committee meetings and such.
And so I have a give send go.
I put it in the chat for, do you see it there?

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah, here it is on the screen.
Janet, Janet will put it in the chat as well.

[SPEAKER_18]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_16]
So that's the give send go.
If you, um, if you can help support Cody and Heather and their family, there's the website, there's the link and it'll be in the chat.
Um, whatever you can, uh, would be, I'm sure extremely helpful for Heather and her family and Cody.

[SPEAKER_18]
We just want to save lives and we desperately want governor to Santa's and Dr lot of Po and Casey to Santa's to recognize the importance of the vaccine injured in the state of Florida getting expedited medical care.
They're suffering.
They're suffering greatly.
It's the next step.

[SPEAKER_16]
Heather, thank you for coming on and sharing all that insight and the story of Cody again.
It is gut wrenching.
It's heartbreaking.
And there's so many more out there that are going through something completely challenging and difficult and heartbreaking.
So thank you for speaking up and continuing your work and your fight.

[SPEAKER_18]
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_16]
Hopefully, the Senate, Governor DeSantis and Latipo and Casey will all continue to do the work that they're doing and incorporate Cody's law into the bill over in Florida.

[SPEAKER_18]
Yeah.
So many people need them too.
Not just Cody.
So many people.

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_18]
Thank you.
Thank you, Livio, for your kindness and your compassion.
Thank you, Steve.
for your humanitarian work.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_16]
Thank you, Heather.
And send all our best to Cody, please.

[SPEAKER_18]
Yeah, definitely.

[SPEAKER_16]
I'm sorry.

[SPEAKER_18]
Well, let's go on and save some lives.

[SPEAKER_16]
Yes, let's do that.
Thank you.
Wow.
It's, it's just a remark continues to be a remarkable story.
And then I think, you know, how many more out there suffering and struggling like that?
It is remarkable.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, it's horrible.

[SPEAKER_16]
OK, so we're going to pivot a little bit, hang in there till the end, because I've got a little clip from Casey DeSantis at a press conference yesterday, followed by a trailer for a film.
So hang in there.
But I got a couple of more announcements to make before we part.
And I want to remind everyone again that we have
a new raffle let me call this up here on the screen here it is and this is our new raffle
for VSRF and it is a year's supply of Dr. Stella's Covivites supplement packed with quasaritin, zinc, vitamin C and D3 plus a copy of her powerful book, Let America Live.
Dr. Stella has fearlessly stood for medical freedom, helping countless people stay healthy.
And now you can be prepared for whatever comes next.
Make sure you get your raffle tickets today and consider grabbing one for a friend who needs to hear this message.
This could be the gift that opens their eyes.
And remember, more tickets you buy, the greater your chances of winning.
So don't wait.
Enter now for your shot at this incredible prize.
visit givebutter.com backslash Dr. Stella to buy your raffle tickets now and Janet will put that link in the chat.
We'll be giving updates every week until the raffle ends on March 25th 2025 and so don't delay get in on that raffle and then also
I want to mention tonight's donor spotlight comes from V in Hawaii who writes, thank you for all the truth you've spread to save minds, hearts, and lives.
V, thank you for your support.
We will continue to spread the truth and fight for medical freedom for all.
We are standing up against censorship, medical coercion,
and a system that has failed countless individuals, we refuse to back down.
We are here to amplify the voices of the vaccine injured, expose the truth, and demand accountability.
But we can't do it alone.
So if you believe in medical freedom, informed consent, and ethical science, now is the time to take action.
Your donations.
And I know we've asked a lot between
Cody and VSRF, but whatever you can, you can take a picture of the QR code, go to or you can text to 53-555 and or you can visit our VSRF.org donate website.
And on that note, I want to also announce that next week,
We have Dr. Stella from our raffle.
So that's going to be an excellent episode that we will...
She'll be joining us to discuss the measles outbreak in Texas, along with other pressing health topics.
Dr. Stella has been a fearless advocate for medical freedom and early treatment, and we're looking forward to another eye-opening conversation with her.
And we actually may have another few special guests.
Actually, we're gonna have the filmmakers of Follow the Silenced joining us.
Mickey Willis will be joining us, and Matt, the director,
We'll be joining us at some point during next week's episode as well and I'm going to play the trailer at the very end.
It's going to be premiering at the Santa Monica Film Festival a week from Saturday on March 15th.
Steve, are you going down for the premiere?

[SPEAKER_09]
I am, yeah.

[SPEAKER_16]
Excellent.
I'll see you there.
I'm actually coming out.

[SPEAKER_09]
Okay.

[SPEAKER_16]
So it'll be great to see you again in person.
So everyone, we'll talk more about the film on next week's episode.
So if you are in the Southern California region next week from Saturday on March 15th, get your tickets, Santa Monica Film Festival or follow the silence.
Steve, another great night.
Yeah.
Thank you for being here.
And, um, it's, I'm glad to hear that your back is doing better.

[SPEAKER_09]
It's like, if it's not one thing, it's another.

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah.
And I'm sorry to hear about your eye.
I did not know that it progressed.

[SPEAKER_09]
And so tragic.
We're going to have to just say it just, you know, it's like a year later, you're starting to get vision back and starting to see things and then bam.
All the lights are out now.

[SPEAKER_16]
The whole thing is out.
I can't see anything.
Last time I asked you, you had partial, some blurriness.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, it was getting better.
And then, bam, the other part of the eye blood.
So I've got this massive subretinal hemorrhage that's totally covering everything now.
My my eye doctor was my retina specialist, Dr. jumper at the West Coast retina.
He's like, wow, this is really weird.
Never seen anything like this.
It was massive.
It's just basically it took out everything that was left.

[SPEAKER_16]
I think we should at least put you again in touch with Dr. Christian Northrop and try something I have.
I know.

[SPEAKER_09]
But I'm not plastic at this point.
But well, it's kind of like either a lot of things you can do to to hurt.
There's there's nothing known that can help.
As far as I know.

[SPEAKER_16]
I'm so sorry.
Well, Steve, have a great rest of your week, evening and weekend and to everyone out there that is in our audience on Rumble and on X, we really appreciate you being here and standing with us and thank you and we will see you next week.
Enjoy these closing video with the first little clip is
Florida's First Lady, Casey DeSantis, as she calls to protect patient freedom and permanently ban mRNA mandates in Florida, followed by the trailer for Follow the Silenced.
Have a great evening and weekend.
Good night.

[SPEAKER_17]
So I don't come here today just as the First Lady of the state of Florida.
I come here today as a mama of an eight, six and a four year old.
And it is absolutely ridiculous and unconscionable that at this point with what we know about the M. R. And a COVID vaccine and frankly what we don't know about the COVID M. R. And a vaccine that the CDC would still put this on their M. R. The shot still on their recommended vaccine list for our Children.
And I think that that is an utter disgrace.
And I think that they need to take that down.
This should be evidence based, not agenda driven.
the CDC loses further credibility when their recommendations are not justified by all of the available evidence that we're seeing.
So I look forward to continuing to work with our great Surgeon General.
I look forward to working with the Legislature to ensure that the MRNA mandate is permanently banned in the state of Florida.
And that vaccine status is not used as a way to discriminate against our fellow Floridians, whether that is a mom who's being kicked out of her pediatrician's office for vaccine status or a patient who's being denied a medical procedure because of their vaccine decisions.
It's a matter of right and wrong.
And as a mama, I'm happy to stand up here in front of you and fight.
So God bless you.

[SPEAKER_15]
The first question was why isn't the United States looking in our own backyard for our data?
But they were.
They just weren't telling us what it said.

[SPEAKER_07]
Most of you have never heard of me.

[SPEAKER_03]
I did my part.
I got it.

[SPEAKER_07]
And most likely have never heard of most of us here.

[SPEAKER_03]
I'm scared and sad and hurting too.
I am you and I just want someone to help me too.
Thank you guys.

[SPEAKER_10]
I would like to introduce, I'm proud to introduce,
Miss Breanne Dressen.
I don't know where to go.
Her cause of death, her actual cause of death, is back on this thing.
Every single

[SPEAKER_07]
day.

[SPEAKER_12]
The worst part was I could not walk.
I couldn't move my arms or legs.
I couldn't walk.
I couldn't move.
Shaking.
I couldn't think about moving my legs.

[SPEAKER_07]
I couldn't move.

[SPEAKER_12]
I can't feel my legs.

[SPEAKER_07]
I can't feel anything.
They're not calling the FDA.
They're calling us.
You know, I don't want to die.
I want to still live for my kids.
Blood clot in his internal jugular vein.

[SPEAKER_09]
Next week is his birthday.

[SPEAKER_07]
You don't want me to celebrate his birthday.
Why it is the responsibility of sick people to do this is beyond me.
I participated in the clinical trial for AstraZeneca.
She participated in the Pfizer COVID vaccine trial.
They dropped me from the trial.
35 adverse events reduced a functional abdominal pain to stomach ache.
I wonder what else was hidden.
The truth is not out there.
and it's thanks to these guys.
They've done everything they can to hide people, to hide injustices, and to even literally hide the cries of those people that are suffering.

[SPEAKER_13]
If we try to talk about it on social media, you get banned.
People don't know we even exist.

[SPEAKER_07]
Denise Hertz is on an email string with the heads of the NIH.

[SPEAKER_05]
These are safe and effective products.

[SPEAKER_07]
The CDC.
There is no bad time to get your second shot.
the heads of the FDA.

[SPEAKER_06]
We have very good safety surveillance systems in place.

[SPEAKER_17]
If you look at their database, there are more than 1000 neurological side effects already reported.

[SPEAKER_06]
None of us are denying that this potential vaccine injury here.

[SPEAKER_15]
We already have 1200 people who've died.
And that's in about two months of availability.

[SPEAKER_06]
For these mRNA vaccines, there is incredible BS out there about thousands of people dying, et cetera.
That just ain't true.

[SPEAKER_08]
This stack of patients are patients that are stuck.
There were 50 to 100 reports going missing.
I mean, theirs IDs being disappeared.
If they put down that it was a vaccine injury, they actually won't get reimbursed, so it gets labeled as anxiety.

[SPEAKER_01]
Diagnosed with vertigo, severe panic attack.
Functional neurologic disorder.

[SPEAKER_08]
Factitious disorder.
So basically, she was making you up.

[SPEAKER_11]
I was muffled.
I was told I was wrong.
I was told to go home, and I was told not to talk.

[SPEAKER_08]
These are human lives.

[SPEAKER_04]
They're just going to stay in limbo forever.

[SPEAKER_11]
There was a whistleblower early on, Brooke Jackson, last year.

[SPEAKER_04]
I contacted the FDA and submitted a formal complaint.
They're unblinding patients.

[SPEAKER_00]
How many studies do you run where you take the placebo group and give them vaccine, too?

[SPEAKER_04]
I threatened to go public, no matter what the consequence was.

[SPEAKER_09]
If the government killed my baby, I'm not going to stop this fight.

[SPEAKER_12]
I told my family that I was going to end my life.
I got to look at my son and tell him, honey, I'm going to be OK.
But in my heart, I don't know if I'm going to be OK.
I don't know if I'm going to wake up tomorrow.
I don't know if I'm going to be in a wheelchair the rest of my life.

[SPEAKER_14]
It broke my son to hear that his mom wanted to die.
because she had gotten a COVID vaccine.

[SPEAKER_07]
These are human stories.
These aren't people with political agendas.
If I was an anti-vaxxer, I wouldn't have been standing in the freaking line to get the shot.

[SPEAKER_00]
I just want my daughter back.

[SPEAKER_07]
So this story has everything to be interesting, right?

[SPEAKER_00]
You've got scandal.

[SPEAKER_09]
BMUC had offered me money if I changed my son's death certificate from enlarged heart to COVID.

[SPEAKER_07]
You've got secrets.
The FDA wanted 75 years to release this data.

[SPEAKER_04]
And what the FDA did to me was contact Pfizer and get me fired.

[SPEAKER_06]
We don't have any secrets here.
We've got money.

[SPEAKER_07]
A patent for the Moderna vaccine is owned by the Department of Health and Human Services.
And power.
This is not about freedom or personal choice.
At the base of this story, the very center of this story is love.
I won't sleep until this war is done.
Because without validation, without love, without acceptance, healing cannot happen.
We can't give up.
Let's get you some of your life back, okay?
And we can't give in.
I know that I'm on the other side of the country, but I promise you, you're not alone.
So that's what this story is about.
It's about love.
I'm not gonna give up.
and I'm not going to give up on these people.

[SPEAKER_09]
Wow.
That was awesome.
