[SPEAKER_10]
Oh, what happened?

[SPEAKER_17]
I'm not doing anything.

[SPEAKER_06]
We take the ride, it's all right Baby, it's all right And it's very far away But it's growing day by day And it's all right Baby, it's all right Would you like to come home And help me sing this song, it's all right
It's all right.

[UNKNOWN]
It's all right.
I can tell you what to do about that.

[SPEAKER_15]
Tonight on VSRF Live, we're joined by author, advocate, and father, JB Handley, who's dedicated his life to autism recovery.
Also, filmmaker Dean Rainey discusses his new film, Why Can't We Talk About This?

[SPEAKER_11]
He had had COVID two times and he was on his fourth shot.
That's a second booster.
When like 36 hours later, he started getting tingling feeling in his feet.
He started to lose
Sort of, he was getting disoriented.
A couple of days later, he was driving school bus, which he does down here as a semi-retired.
He lost consciousness, ended up in the ditch, got out of it, got to the doctors, and the doctors thought he had a mini stroke.
And right away they said, don't take another booster.

[SPEAKER_16]
depending on your numbers, and they're not solid enough for me, it's somewhere between 25 and 40% of the population of children who have autism.
And if the US has 340 million people and 3% have autism, that's roughly 10 million people.
So 25 to 40% have profound autism, right?
That's two and a half to four million people that we're talking about here.
Like these are human beings who can't talk and who need lifetime care.
If you talk to their parents,
70 to 80 percent, my opinion, blame the vaccines.

[SPEAKER_15]
Hello and welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm your host, Livio Sanchez.
And as always, I'm grateful to be spending this Thursday evening with all of you.
Tonight, we have a deeply important and emotional show lined up.
First, we're honored to welcome author, advocate, and father, the legendary J.B. Handley.
Many of you know J.B. from his groundbreaking books, How to End the Autism Epidemic and Underestimated.
an autism miracle, which have given voice and hope to families around the world.
JP has been a tireless advocate for children with profound autism.
His insight is more crucial than ever.
as autism rates continue to climb while the institutions we should be able to trust remain silent.
Tonight, we'll speak with JB about the current state of the autism epidemic, what's being overlooked, and what urgently needs to change.
And later, we'll be joined by Canadian filmmaker Dean Rainey.
His powerful new feature-length documentary, Why Can't We Talk About This, explores the real human cost of mRNA vaccine injury and the unsettling silence that surrounds it.
raw, personal, and deeply revealing, the film challenges the narratives we've been told.
We're honored to have Dean with us tonight to discuss the making of this important film and why these stories must be heard.
We have so much to cover, so let's get started.
And without further ado, I want to welcome BSRF or Vaccine Safety Research Foundation founder, Steve Kirsch.
Welcome to VSRF Live, Steve.
How are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_17]
Just finishing up a hamburger salad my wife made.
Other than that, good.

[SPEAKER_15]
Oh, good.
I'm sure it's delicious.
Oh, awesome.
Excellent.
So the big news this week, Steve, is the... Well, let me put it up on the screen here.
Give me one second and I'll share.
the big news, which is the US drops.
Here it comes.
The US drops COVID vaccine recommendation for healthy kids and pregnant women.
So I think that's a good news and a good step forward.
What's your take on this, Steve?

[SPEAKER_17]
I think that they should be dropping it for everyone.
And I've been working on my bet and that's amazing.
The COVID vaccines actually did work, which surprised me.
So I have to eat my words on that.
But it's okay because the...
non-COVID all-cause mortality was horrific.
And of course, this is why we have so many vaccine injured.
So, yeah, net-net, these shots were bad news, but they did, in fact, do what they claimed, which was they did reduce COVID fatalities.
It shows up in the data, and I've tried the various
ways to try to discount that as a false signal, but it appears to be a real signal.
That's what you're finding in your research.
Yeah, so there wasn't a benefit during COVID that you get less COVID, but the problem is that it's more likely to kill you than to save you.
So the harms outweighed the benefit.
Very clearly was it's like imagine two lines that are that go together and then they break apart over time and ever further apart.
So the people who got vaccinated are dying more and more.
It still hurts.

[SPEAKER_15]
It's insane.
It doesn't make sense to me.
It doesn't.
What do you mean?
Well, there was no informed consent.
At first, it was all coercion.
We weren't told of the damage that these may cause or have caused in hindsight.
And to this day, it's not acknowledged as we're going to find out later on to Dean Rainey and his experience up in Canada and the film he made.

[SPEAKER_17]
Yeah.
And, you know, I haven't seen a single paper
that basically gets it right, which is yes, these vaccines did provide a benefit during COVID, but yes, they provided a net mortality harm overall.
And it's the net benefit that matters.
And this net benefit was a net harm.

[SPEAKER_15]
I still don't know anyone who is unvaccinated who's been harmed by COVID except for getting COVID and then recovering.
So, I mean, and I don't know anyone who didn't get the jab who regrets not getting it.

[SPEAKER_17]
Yeah, no, it was the right choice.
If I could turn back time, I would revisit my decision for sure.

[SPEAKER_15]
Let's shift our focus.
We're going to focus on autism tonight and I want to bring on our first guest, JB Hanley.
JB, welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you this evening?
Oh, you're muted.

[SPEAKER_16]
I'm no longer muted and I'm thrilled to be here.

[SPEAKER_15]
It's great to have you here.
I'm going to read your bio for those that are not familiar with you and your work.
JB Hanley is the bestselling author of How to End the Autism Epidemic and Underestimated an Autism Miracle, co-written with his non-speaking son, Jameson, a passionate advocate for children with profound autism.
JP and his wife, Lisa, co-founded Generation Rescue,
a non-profit organization dedicated to autism recovery.
Together they produced the documentary Autism Yesterday and co-produced the acclaimed film Spellers, now available on YouTube.
JB's advocacy is deeply personal.
He is the proud father of Jameson who has profound autism, before dedicating himself full-time to autism advocacy
JB spent two decades as managing director at Swander Pace Capital, a private equity firm he founded.
He is an honors graduate at Stanford University.
And speaking of Spellers, I'd like to share the trailer from Spellers before I release you and Steve.
So let me cue that up and I'm going to play the trailer from the documentary film, Spellers.
Here it comes.

[SPEAKER_04]
There's never any doubt in my mind when someone walks into my room that they can and will spell for me, that they can and do want to learn.
I'm going to teach you how to do something new, totally new, which may feel a little bit weird at first.

[SPEAKER_16]
Autism can take you as a parrot to a really dark place.
The future is really, really scary.

[SPEAKER_06]
We had no real reliable form of communication.
We had to just basically guess for 20 years.
I lost hope that I would ever be enough for them.

[SPEAKER_07]
Are all the parents fools?
Are we trying to live visual thinking?
No.
I mean, what's anybody going to gain by this?

[SPEAKER_14]
Research, academic literature focused strictly specifically on this area to help promote it.

[SPEAKER_10]
We should have all been presuming competence in our kids and we should have been encouraging them, telling them we knew that they were in there.
It's time to shift that whole paradigm.

[SPEAKER_12]
There are 31 million non-speakers with autism in the world who are locked in a silent cage.
My life will be dedicated to relieving them from suffering in silence, and to giving them voices to choose their own way.

[SPEAKER_06]
Should schools choose to really work with a student's strong suit, autistics will become the morose in a fight as leaders.
The average autistic child can read and do math by age four, but can't show it.
Imagine the difference we can make in the world if taught how we learn.

[SPEAKER_15]
What a great film, JB.
Um, just incredible, heartbreaking and inspiring all at the same time.

[SPEAKER_16]
Try being me.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah.
I mean, incredible work for me, right?

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah.
Inspiring, challenging, you know, uh, all of the above.

[SPEAKER_15]
Well, I'm going to release you to Steve Kirsch for this part of the show.
And I just want to remind everyone that I will be taking and asking some questions after the end of either this interview and or the interview with Dean later on.
So if you have questions for JB, put them in the chat all caps and I will try to get to as many as possible later in the show.
All right, Steve, take it away.

[SPEAKER_17]
So your son's autism.
How did how did that start and when did you make the connection between autism and vaccines.

[SPEAKER_16]
Made the connection pretty early.
If I were to rank order what I think.
created Jamie's autism.
I would say vaccines first, antibiotics second, Tylenol third.
I think they all play a role.
In his case, you know, my wife and I were very, very conventional in our approach to raising our boys.
Jamie was my I have three children.
Jamie was my second.
I have an older son.
And
After each appointment, Jamie got sicker and sicker, you know, people who have kids know that there's a.
There's a have be at birth.
There's two months, four months, six months, 12 months.
Those are the initial schedules.
And Jamie, after each one of those got worse and worse, there was a really big push to get the flu shot that year.
It was like 2003 and it's the worst flu season ever.
And we like pulled strings to get him the flu vaccine as well.

[SPEAKER_17]
Oh my gosh.

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah.
Yeah.
So stair step decline in physical health.

[SPEAKER_17]
So you didn't make the connection before that?

[SPEAKER_16]
No, it took till about 12 months.
It took till about 12 months.
And, you know, this was 2003 2004.
I was on the internet, but this stuff wasn't widely available.
Then people have a hard time.
Yeah, well, you know, it's funny.
Everybody says that Andy Wakefield's 1998 paper like
made parents aware.
No, it didn't.
Nobody ever heard of that.

[SPEAKER_17]
They did a good job of crushing it so nobody would hear.

[SPEAKER_16]
Oh, so it was in that time frame.
And we were actually living down where you are in the Bay Area.
We were living in Lafayette, California, just in the East Bay when it all happened.
And we quickly found a community of parents who'd have the same thing happen to them.
You know, and you start sharing stories and by the by like the 50th parent I met who had the exact same story that I had.
I was pretty sure we were right about what had happened.
You know, you've gone through this yourself and sort of asking people for before and after and how close to vaccine appointments and all that stuff.
So, you know, it's it's pretty crazy, Steve, that here we are in 2025 and this is still.
controversial, you know, totally agree.

[SPEAKER_17]
Couldn't couldn't agree more.

[SPEAKER_16]
I mean, the people so they definitely cause brain damage.
That's an unequivocal fact.
We definitely give way more of them to kids than we ever did.
We definitely have way more autism.
And we definitely have millions of parents who've all had the same experience, right.
That's a pretty compelling fact pattern that nothing else comes close to.
And you experience the same thing that I experienced.
There are certain parts of our society that think I'm either crazy or dangerous or some combination thereof.
I'm not.
I'm a version of you.
I'm just logical.

[SPEAKER_17]
Me too.

[SPEAKER_16]
I welcome an alternative explanation for where all these kids came from.
I really would.
And you and I both know no one's come up with a good one yet.

[SPEAKER_17]
Well, you know, I think the McDowell triplets is the kicker.
Like, have you ever heard of triplets getting autism at the same time before?

[SPEAKER_16]
I know I know I know so many maddening and frustrating stories out there.
And yeah, I just I so anyway.
So they don't want to hear it.
Yeah, I hear it.
So going back to James experience, it became it became very obvious to us what had happened to him.
Luckily, there was a movement of Dan doctors that was already developed by that point.
And we didn't have to travel very far.
There's this amazing physician named Lynn Milky in Pleasanton just down the road from us.
And she had she'd gotten her medical degree at UCLA.
So she was about as mainstream as they got.
And we kind of needed somebody back then.
I wasn't quite as out there as I am today.

[SPEAKER_17]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_16]
And I needed someone like that to kind of validate what we thought we'd experienced.
And the same thing had happened to her son.
And so she'd opened up a practice.
Yeah, she'd opened up a practice to treat other kids.
And so we were quickly sort of welcomed into the community, which today is way bigger, of parents who had injured children who were trying to fix them biomedically.
And so that became kind of our way in and our focus and our passion.

[SPEAKER_17]
So if you went to her practice then and you didn't get vaccinated, they wouldn't kick you out of the practice?

[SPEAKER_16]
No, so her, no, they wouldn't.
Yeah, no, no.
That didn't happen back then.
That's a newer phenomenon that the bad guys figured out.
Back then, I'd say between like 03 and 2010, you could still go to a mainstream pediatrician.
They would kind of put up with you.
And then they kind of got taught by the bad guys how to just kick everybody out.
And right around that time we actually moved up here to Portland where I live now and luckily there's a physician named Paul Thomas who for a while had by far the largest pediatric practice here in Portland.
You know the story about Paul they ultimately ran him out.
You know, he had the biggest population of babies of anybody in the state and luckily he's he's shared his data, which has been, you know, has since been published because Paul early on figured out what was happening.
He was just a mainstream pediatrician, but he figured out what was happening because all of a sudden his population totally changed.
So he did two things.
He kept really great records.
And he started giving kids alternative schedules.
And of course, all those ailments dropped off a cliff in his brain.

[SPEAKER_17]
Caused an effect, huh?

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah, go figure, right?

[SPEAKER_17]
Once again, how is it that Thomas is the only guy to figure it out, you know, or one of the few people that figured out like how did these doctors not figure out the same thing that that this doctor that you talked about earlier figured out because it happened to her.
It happened to her son.
And you know that Paul Thomas like aren't why aren't other pediatricians realizing exactly the same thing that all of these autism cases, not all of them, but but most of them are happening right after a vaccine.

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah, it's really
it's really challenging their belief systems and their indoctrination.
And I think medical school is one giant indoctrination.
And then you've spent eight to 10 years getting ready for this moment to be an independent pediatrician.
And all of your income is generated by well baby visits.
It's a pretty large mountain for anybody's intellect to climb over.
And it takes really strong people to do it.
And so you have these exceptions like Paul,
who had the wherewithal and the independent thought to get there.
And this is something that has vexed me, Steve, for a long time.
Because during COVID, most people were complete idiots, and they were sheep.
And why wasn't I?
And why weren't some of my friends?
And I think that there's this one blog post that kind of saved me during COVID.
It's called the Four Quadrants of Conformism.
You know the one I'm talking about?
It's a really great article and it basically explains how you have like a four box matrix and you have loud conformists and quiet conformists and you have loud nonconformists and quiet nonconformists and what I share in common with you
and with Paul Thomas is that we are loud, nonconformists, which means that not only are we willing to think outside of what you're supposed to think, but we're willing to say that loudly, knowing full well that we're gonna take a ton of arrows in our back because of our personal integrity matters more to us than the judgment of other people.
And a lot of the people in the autism activist community, like Del Bigtree and Bobby Kennedy, they're in that same quadrant.
But most of the world isn't.

[SPEAKER_17]
Right.
There's so few of us.

[SPEAKER_16]
There's few of us.
And so I've grown to accept that before it really bothered me.
And during COVID, it drove me a little crazy.
And I read that article, and the author talked about this Brown professor who would ask all the Brown students if they were alive in the 1850s, would they have been violently opposed to slavery?
And of course, 100% of the students would raise their hand and say, Well, yeah, of course, I would, I would have sacrificed anything.
And that's just bullshit.
Right?
That's not true.
Most people would not have done a thing.
Most people are not john Brown, you know, and, and, and yet, and that's why dogma and mainstream thought can pervade so quickly.
And what we saw during COVID was a
highly successful massive thought experiment that caught most people up in its grasp.
And it scared me in the sense of like, wow, if people are this gullible here, how are we ever going to end the autism epidemic?

[SPEAKER_17]
Yeah.
So these doctors fail to recognize the connection.
Do you think that do you think that a lot of them do and they just don't come go public with it because they're afraid of what would happen?
Or do you think that most of these doctors simply are completely blind, just like they believe the covid vaccines are safe and effective?

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah, there's definitely stratifications of pediatricians the way that you're mentioning.
Unfortunately, I think that most and by most, I mean a majority.
fall into the gullible track where they see that their patient population isn't doing well, but then they consult, you know, pediatrics, that publication or the New England Journal of Medicine.
And they did a good job of continually feeding pediatricians with bullshit studies that seem to profess that vaccines were harmless when it came to causing autism.
And for many of those, that was comfort enough and then they would kind of move on, right?
Because you are being asked to do several things.
You're being asked to dissect scientific studies and realize how they've been manipulated or
simply misconstructed in most cases.
So you're being asked to like work your way through that veil.
And for most pediatricians, that's just too much.
I'm sure there's a portion who are sitting on the truth and unwilling to act on it.
But I think most fall into the kind of happily oblivious category.

[SPEAKER_17]
And so have you ever convinced any doctor to switch sides?
You know, have you opened the eyes
of any physicians and like for parents.
Yeah.
Like if I put you in touch with with some parents who they're about to have a kid, for example, would you be able to actually convince them that they shouldn't vaccinate their kid or like what would your success rate be?
Yeah.
On on that.

[SPEAKER_16]
If they were an intimate friend of mine,
And I know this because I have the data.
My success rate is very high to get them to delay and do fewer, right?
A handful of my closest friends, I talked them into doing zero.
I've certainly gotten a ton of inbound from people who've read my book.
I'm not here to pitch my book, but How to End the Autism Epidemic.
That one, I've definitely met people for whom that was like a transcendent experience for them.

[SPEAKER_17]
Yeah, clearly.

[SPEAKER_16]
I'm out the other side, a new person.
But even with that, I think the hit rate is is pretty low, especially if they're first time parents who've never had an injured child.
It's much harder to get them over the line because they'll take everything that I say.
They'll try it out on their pediatrician.
Their pediatrician will dispute all of that.
And then they will.
You know, so and which is why, you know, it's it's really interesting to watch Bobby Kennedy navigating right now.
Like I loved that
when he made the announcement that they were going to pull the COVID vaccine off the schedule, he had the head of FDA and the head of NIH standing next to him.
You still have to get through some of these official bodies to make people believe this stuff is real.
And I know that Bobby is smart enough that, you know, autism is the big iceberg.
Nothing else.
I'm very sympathetic to all the COVID vaccine injured people.

[SPEAKER_17]
No, totally.
100%.

[SPEAKER_16]
But there's way more kids who are fully debilitated with autism than anything else that we've ever done to our population.
And so this is the final hill that pharma will stake everything on.
And they have their absolute worst enemy in Bobby Kennedy sitting in a position of power.
But Bobby's not a fool.
He is absolutely going to have to publish real science that asserts that everything that I believe is true is actually true with the data.
And then he'd have to be surrounded by 20 very credible doctors and public health officials who all say, yeah, I was wrong.
Bobby was right.
The data supports it.
If and when he does that, I think real change will actually come.
But it probably won't be before then, Steve.
I mean, the groundswell of people who are sympathetic to our collective point of view has gone up a thousand fold since COVID, right?

[SPEAKER_17]
I used to be- Yes, COVID did have a benefit.

[SPEAKER_16]
Huge benefit.

[SPEAKER_17]
That was it.
I would open people's eyes, including mine.

[SPEAKER_16]
I was a pariah, Steve, in my own neighborhood.
in the 2015 range where I was a little nervous about going to cocktail parties because I was sort of framed as this psychotic anti-vaxxer.
And they, they came very close, I think, to snuffing our computer community out completely when they took such hold of social media and every, I got deplatformed all over the place.
I used to have like a Facebook page with a couple hundred thousand followers.
I got deplatformed.
Um, so did, and it really felt like, man, they're just going to literally shut our entire,
community down till we have no voice at all.
That almost happened.
That really almost did.
COVID came along.
And today, like, I only watch Fox News.
I don't watch the other channels.
But on Fox, it's a mainstream topic.
They talk about vaccines and autism openly, you know, and I just think to myself, this is the way forward is with Bobby J Bhattacharya.
I have faith in him.
I don't think he believes today necessarily that vaccines cause autism, but I believe enough in that guy that
that the data that CDC is sitting on is probably enough if they haven't burned it all by now.

[SPEAKER_17]
Yeah.
And I have a brilliant algorithm that it's so simple.
It's so trivially simple that can take data like this and show the connection between any intervention and the outcome.
And I'm like pleading with Bobby to just give me the data.
Like, if you guys don't want to run it, just give me the data.
It takes me two minutes to run massive data sets and get the truth.
I can't get the data.

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah, well, I really hope that they accommodate you.
I'm like you.
I just want to see the numbers for myself.
I'm willing to go where the data takes me.
I sure think I'm right.
I did live it.
I have met thousands who have the same experience.
But we need to figure this out, man.
We need to figure this out.

[SPEAKER_17]
Yeah, I mean, look, is there any question in your mind that vaccines have a key role in causing autism?
Any doubt?

[SPEAKER_16]
None, comma, and I think it's the tip of the iceberg.

[SPEAKER_17]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_16]
So many maladies that today's parents don't realize are novel and new.
Right.
So the list is the obvious ones are asthma, allergies,
all the other neurological conditions like tics, learning disabilities, speech delay.
But our boys seem to have lower social IQ quotients than they did 30 years ago.
There's all the gender dysphoria.
I think the list is disturbing.
Exactly.

[SPEAKER_17]
The gender dysphoria came out in my parents' surveys.
There's like this linear, you vaccinate twice as much?
twice as much gender issues.

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah, listen, I hope, I mean, your audience is a lot smarter than most.
Anybody listening to this is probably already on our team, I would guess, but it's such a dangerous experiment.
where they know so little about the implications, and then they track nothing.
And of course, this is the outcome that you're going to have.
Because as you well know, when you give one shot, something happens.
But when you give five, it's geometric.
The unknowns become geometric.
The injuries become geometric.
The interactions become geometric.
And there's a latency, not always, but there's often a latency to when these things manifest, which makes measuring them so much harder.
Vaccine injury, while it's very real, is one of the harder injuries to trace.
If I shoot you in the shoulder and you go to the hospital, it's pretty clear of cause and effect.
It was immediate, it's obvious, it's simple.
Vaccines is the hardest and they've capitalized on that vagary and that latency and that geometric explosion for way too long.
There's no other product on the planet that anybody would ever allow this kind of complexity to be put into the bloodstream without full knowledge of what was going to happen.
And yet here we are.
So yeah, it's, it's very much the tip of the iceberg.
I personally have zero, zero percent doubt.
I've met way too many parents with the same experience as mine.
I've done all the research.
I've seen how hard they've tried to cover this up.
I mean,
Have they ever tried to cover up anything as hard as they've tried to cover this up?
And shouldn't that alone tell you what you need to know?

[SPEAKER_17]
Yeah, it's like they won't.
They won't let William Thompson testify and he's still not testifying.

[SPEAKER_16]
It's the you doth protest too much.
It's such an indicator in a tale.
It's the line they'll never cross, et cetera.
And I. I don't know, Steve, I.
I actually do feel like in the next three years that we may actually have that break.
I'm a friend of Bobby Kennedy's.
I consider him a friend, but ever since he's taken on this job, I don't hear from him for obvious reasons.
He's super busy.
I know what Bobby knows.
I know how Bobby thinks.
I know how much integrity he has.
I know that he's there for all the right reasons.
He's nobody's puppet.
And if that data is there, I really do believe that Bobby's gonna surface it and finally put an end to this madness.

[SPEAKER_17]
Yep, I would get and you you guess what my question was going to be, which is, you know, when when do you think this is going to answer your prediction is we'll see a crack within three years.

[SPEAKER_16]
Recognize that I genuinely possess 0% insider knowledge right now, so I can kind of talk freely because I have no idea what's happening behind the scenes.
If I'm Bobby Kennedy.
I know that I have the complete backing of the president and his wife on this topic.
And I also know that it's critical that I have a chorus who says the same thing that I say, and that spurious anecdotes are not going to get the job done.
And so I've got to develop blue ribbon science that many people support, that it's replicable
And I believe the science will clearly show.
Right.
And if I do that and then I convey it with a whole group of respected people, you can put an end to this thing.

[SPEAKER_17]
Yeah.
Not guaranteed.
Well, you know, it's so.

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah.
No, who knows?

[SPEAKER_17]
And that's the unfortunate thing.
I would have said absolutely.
You know, four years ago, I told my wife, oh, I got the I got the data on this covid vaccine.
It'll end in in two weeks from now.
Just watch.
Oh man, those were the days.

[SPEAKER_16]
I thought we were going to end this in 2005 when we launched Generation Rescue.
Then Jenny McCarthy started talking and I really thought that was going to end things.
And here we are, right?

[SPEAKER_17]
Here we are.

[SPEAKER_16]
Again, it's the worst thing that has ever been done to a human population in my opinion.

[SPEAKER_17]
Totally.
I couldn't agree with you more.

[SPEAKER_16]
Vulnerable babies and you know as as magical and beautiful as that
spellers clip was that they showed it's a it's a devastating disability and it's a life quality and it's a denial of human rights it's a denial of liberty and freedom and so many things and you know my son is the he's 22 now and I mean he's the greatest dude on the planet I love him I spend five to seven hours a day with him every day
actually rather be in college and dating women, but he can't because he has a disability that prevents that kind of independent living from happening.
And that was denied him by the health care system.
And he's one of tens of millions worldwide who are in the same camp.

[SPEAKER_17]
Do any doctors acknowledge what happened to him other than the doctor you mentioned whose son was vaccine injured?
Well, when you go to doctors and you talk to them about your childhood, they like, you know, dismiss you and say, no, you know, we don't know what causes autism, but we do know it's not the vaccines.

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah.
So there is a whole community of doctors who were, um, originally called Dan doctors that today it's called med maps and there's hundreds of those.
So they're all, and they're all outcasts for various reasons.
Typically their own children got them there.
or they were naturopaths, or they were DOs.
They were some other type of medicine where you could think more freely, chiropractor, et cetera.
So that's the only community that I'll go to for medical help.
I would never go to a doctor who would contradict my feelings about what happened to my son.
All chiropractors don't vaccinate their kids.
Most naturopaths are in our camp.
Right.
And so it just it's a choice for where to go for health care.
So I only go into those very natural camps and then our views are welcome, understood and shared.

[SPEAKER_17]
It's so, so troubling.
I couldn't agree more with everything that you've said.
And I'm looking forward to this breakthrough.
I'm trying to visualize what will happen.
Bobby releases the study.
J and nia j and marty mccary endorse it and i can just see the mainstream media saying.
Oh, well, doctors, the medical community finds that there is no connection.
Many papers have been published.
These people are anti-science.
I mean, it's going to go.
It is not going to be easy.
But I talked to Del Bigtree about this.
And he says the convincer, in his view, was the McDowell triplets.
He says, that really convinces people.
And you know what I'm talking about, right?
I mean, you can't have triplets where they get it.

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah, it's going to be a fight.
It's going to be a fight.
And cognitive dissonance is a powerful thing in its own right.
I honestly think that the day that Bobby makes that announcement, I would guess that the president will be sitting there with him if I had to guess.
Donald Trump was writing checks to Generation Rescue in the late 2000s.
Really?
Supporting our organization in our country.

[SPEAKER_17]
Wow.
Wow.
That elevates Trump in my mind.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_16]
He was.
I mean, I've seen the checks with my own eyes.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_17]
Wow.
What motivated him to do that?
That's the interesting question.
What motivated?
Like, he has an interest in autism.
What's going on?
Is there something in his family?

[SPEAKER_16]
I'm not speaking out of hand here.
Trump has told this story.
He had an employee who had the experience that all of us have had of the perfectly normal kid who goes in for the vaccine appointment and comes back with severe autism.
For whatever people think about Trump, I happen to be a fan.
He cares about people, especially those closest to him who work for him.
And he's told this story very sincerely about bearing witness to that.
I've also learned, and this is all secondhand, so I'm spreading rumor, but I think his wife is very connected to this issue.
She's very connected to natural health.
And so I believe that his
And you know he's posted a bunch of tweets to this effect again I'm not speaking out of school here before he ran for president I wrote a I wrote an article in twenty twenty fifteen about Trump and it was in the age of autism blog and it said Trump stands with my son I stand with Trump.
It was when he was running for the Republican, you know, when he was in the primaries, and nobody thought he would win at that point.
But he was the one guy who on stage was willing to say, Yeah, I do think vaccines cause autism.
And my point was, look, anybody who says that publicly has my vote.
And now we are here today.
So we've got a great history with him being very consistent on this topic.
And I believe he will be standing there with Bobby on that day when when the announcement happens.
We'll see.

[SPEAKER_17]
Can't wait.
Can't come soon enough in my mind.
So, boy, I wish I had the data.
That's for sure.
I'd love to be able to help out, but they can't.
I can't seem to get the data there.
You know, I've asked the right people and it's like, we'll work on it.
We'll work on it for you.
And nothing happens.

[SPEAKER_16]
There's this thing, this pool of data called the Vaccine Safety Data Link that
The federal government has always kept very close to the vest.

[SPEAKER_17]
Can't imagine why.

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah, exactly.
Again, me doth protest too much, right?
So when we when we see that data come out, I think that'll be the beginning of the end.

[SPEAKER_17]
Yeah, all they have to look, all I have to do is make the data public.

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah, yeah, it would end everything.
So, oh, and by the way, Steve, one thing I mentioned
It's not just the data in the vaccine safety data link.
It's actually the data in the vaccine court.
People under appreciate how much information they're sitting on in vaccine court.
It was.
very well understood in the early 2000s that if you had a child with autism and you wanted to get paid out in vaccine court, just make sure you don't use the word autism.
They paid out at least 85 cases of kids with brain damage who also had an autism diagnosis.
There's a wonderful study that Mary Holland did that was published in the NYU Law Review that went through this very topic.
And so
There's a ton of data and medical records and other details hiding in vaccine court that they've sort of buried that Bobby is in a position to unearth as well.
So that's another gold mine for information.

[SPEAKER_17]
Set the data free.
It can't happen soon enough.

[SPEAKER_16]
Amen.

[SPEAKER_17]
All right, Livio.

[SPEAKER_15]
We have a few questions, but I have a question slash comment.
JB I've had many friends and encounter many people with autistic children even prior to 2020.
And when I would ask her comment on what they thought would cause it or bring up, was it the vaccines?
They would get very upset.
Like, like the notion or the thought that the vaccine may have.
caused or been part of why their children were vaccinated.
Are you encounter or have autism?
Have you encountered these?
I would imagine you've encountered these folks that disagree with you.

[SPEAKER_16]
Oh, absolutely.
Some quite, quite loudly.
You know, if I had to speculate, I'd say that 70% of the autism parents that I've met view the same way that I do.
But that leaves 30% who don't.
And by the way, I think there are other ways to get autism.
So I don't mean to imply that vaccines are the only way it can happen.
So yeah, I've met those people for sure.
And imagine if it did happen to their child, and they're saying it doesn't,
That's a lot of guilt to have to deal with.
So that's part of running into and I, I understand that and I have total sympathy for those parents.
They still have to deal with autism the same way that I do every day.
You know what I mean?
So I appreciate what they're going through.
And there's a percentage of people who really don't want to have to face that.
And I get it.
And again, I wanna say, I've absolutely met parents where the kid did not get any vaccines and they have autism.
That can also happen.
I don't, so.
That happened once, right?
Well, let me just be clear.
What I believe actually happens is that an immune activation in the brain of a baby at the wrong time during development creates autism.
Immune activation events in the brains of babies.
Paul Patterson of Caltech was the original scientist who came up with this idea.
You have your own immune system in the brain, and an immune activation event is a flare up.
It's an infection, right?
Well, if you ask my chat GPT, can a vaccine cause an immune activation event?
The answer will be something to the effect of that's the purpose of a vaccine.

[SPEAKER_17]
Right?
Well, you know, they in order to do autism studies, you know how they induce autism in mice and rats?

[SPEAKER_16]
Don't they shoot them up with aluminum or something?

[SPEAKER_17]
Yeah, they shoot them up with vaccines.
Yeah, yeah.
But there's no connection.
It's just coincidental to make a mouse autistic.
It's just a coincidence that when you vaccinate them, that you create an autistic mouse.
And of course, we all know vaccines don't cause autism.
And so the researchers just use coincidence in order to go and do their autism studies.

[SPEAKER_16]
I want to just finish this thought.
I believe that immune activation events in the brains of babies at critical moments of development causes autism.
I believe that vaccines are the singular most powerful way to generate an immune activation event in the brain of a baby.
But there are other ways that that can happen too.
And that's why there are going to be children who have
autism who didn't get vaccinated, but most are correlated that way.
And one other thing I just wanted to make.

[SPEAKER_17]
Most meaning what, like 99%?
Or quantify that for me.

[SPEAKER_16]
Well, OK.
There's profound autism that my son has.
And I've started to use that language to distinguish him from the kid who discovered he had autism when he was at Harvard Law School.
Believe it or not, those are two different people on two different paths.
In the profound autism category, I don't think I've met a parent who didn't think it was the vaccines, and we're about 40% of the population.
There's a group of kids who, you know, I'm 56.
So when I was a kid in the 80s, we would have described as quirky.
you know, who now have an autism label, and I don't know if they have anything in common with my son or not.
So there are some definitional issues that are at play here.
So in the profound autism category, I do agree with you, Steve, that it's probably 99%, right?
Because those kids really were one in 10,000 back in the day, and now they're obviously a much higher number.
For the quirkier kids, I just really can't comment.
I don't know.
I don't have one of those in my house.

[SPEAKER_15]
All right.
So I'm going to get on with some questions that we have from the audience.
The first question comes from a quite contrarian.
What is your opinion of the telepathy tapes?
I've listened to the first season and was fascinated or telepathy.

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah.
Pretty popular podcast.
The implication is that non-speakers with autism have extrasensory powers.
And my opinion is that that's true.

[SPEAKER_17]
Wow.
Wow.
That is really interesting.

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_17]
And what kind of extra sensory powers?

[SPEAKER_16]
It's interesting.
One of my good friends is a very well-known mainstream neurologist.
And when I was going through my personal journey with my son of wondering about this topic because of some experiences I'd had,
I called him because I was a bit panicked.
And he was like, well, dude, the guy was like Georgetown med school, you know, like this smart guy, you know, Stanford guy.
And he said, dude, you know, animals have a lot of that, you know, your dog knows you're coming home long before you put your key in the door.
And so here's the guy who's some of his senses have been denied It would stand to reason that that's a possible outcome of that that the brain would kind of develop in different ways and they'd have an acute sensitivity to it and It was kind of the whisper amongst parents of non-speakers for a long time and telepathy tapes kind of blew it out in the wide open I'll just say that I've personally witnessed it like enough times to be thoroughly convinced.

[SPEAKER_17]
That's
Really interesting.

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_15]
Any other examples you want to share?

[SPEAKER_17]
No.

[UNKNOWN]
All right.

[SPEAKER_15]
Fair enough.
Next question comes from Dr. Laura.
How does a parent find someone who will teach their autistic kids how to spell?
Are there online resources for them to teach their kids themselves?

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah.
So,
like you can type in the word spellers and there's like a whole website with all kinds of resources and potential therapists.
It's kind of like learning how to like do like complex gymnastics and triple flips and whatnot like you wouldn't you couldn't learn by yourself you need somebody there for
body and mind support.
I wouldn't, I would never recommend trying to learn to spell without a trained therapist and I'm not getting paid by them.
I just, like they have a really important role to play.
There's a lot of complexity around confidence and family dynamics that are at play when you're trying to do something like this.
And I would, you know, go to the Speller Center in San Diego or Tampa, Florida.
There's a great center called Growing Kids in Herndon, Virginia.
Like go somewhere where they've,
They've already successfully done this with thousands upon like ever since I wrote the book and well really Jamie and I wrote the book.
I mean, the number of spellers has skyrocketed, and so there's more and more great teachers every day.
It's not expensive.
Definitely use one of them.
They will not teach themselves at home.
The thing that people don't appreciate who don't have a kid with autism is that not only, so my personal view of autism now, and I'm only talking about profound autism, meaning non-speakers.
That's the only, I don't know about any other population, so I'm just talking about them when I say that.
I believe it's a motor disability.
What that means is like, so Stephen Hawking would be the most extreme example of a smart person with a motor disability.
Okay.
They're more like maybe a stroke victim.
Okay.
So the cognition is all there.
The observational skills are all there.
But they can't make their body do stuff the way that, you know,
normal people can or whatever you want to call us.
The other part of that is that there's an initiative disability.
Okay, so like, my son might be sitting in the couch on the couch, but he wishes he was out for a bike ride, but he can't put the steps together with his body to make that happen.
Right.
And so if you understand that it's also a disability of initiative, it makes a lot of their behaviors make more sense.
And so I can put a letter board in front of Jamie and say, What would you like to do right now?
And then he'll be like, I wish I was at the beach.
It's like, oh, okay, you know, you have to like, account for those things.
So if you think your kid is going to kind of spontaneously learn how to spell on their own, it's not going to happen.
The parents or the caregivers have to be a part of the journey.

[SPEAKER_15]
Thank you for that.
From Janet, one of the most powerful parts of underestimated is seeing Jameson finally be able to express himself through spelling to communicate.
Can you talk about how that impacted his emotional wellbeing and did finally being able to communicate help relieve some of the frustration he may have felt from being nonverbal for so long?

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah.
Yeah.
Great question.
Um, that sounds like a parent who would ask a question like that.
Um,
So they learn to spell and at first they're just spelling like known words, like you just say spell Antarctica and then they spell it, you know, great.
And then there's this moment that every parent goes through who has a speller when they spell openly, meaning that they express their own thoughts and feelings.
Okay.
And that that moment is sort of burned into the brain of every parent and every experience.
So ours happened during the day.
And that night I happened to be driving from San Diego to Palm Desert to meet up with my family.
Okay.
And we just had the opening.
The opening had happened.
My dad bore witness.
It was totally awesome.
And I was on like the highest emotional high that I've kind of ever been on probably in my whole life.
And I was
It's a drive like maybe three hours and we get there and my wife's there and his little sisters there and we're all just crying and emotional everything and It gets to me nighttime and my son never cries right never cries Jamie has like a four-hour cry Just this like Like he his life was gonna be different from that moment on and then we refer to a kid with autism's ability to kind of
We call it regulation, right?
You're regulated when you're calm, you're dysregulated when you're animated, hitting yourself, whatever it might be.
So spelling facilitates top-down regulation.
And so Jamie's, the number of times that he's had outbursts in other issues has
fallen off a cliff since spelling.
He's so much happier.
He's so much more content.
He has a bunch of friends.
He can articulate his ambitions which are myriad.
And so it's still a devastating disability.
And yet
This chapter is so beautiful and wonderful because Jamie can let us know what he wants and needs.
You know, it's a wonderful thing.
I wish none of it had ever happened.
But being here and having, you know, and autism parents know this, Jamie doesn't give a shit about causation.
He's just got his life to live.
Right.
He doesn't want to sit around and hear dad talking about, you know, he's not interested in most of this podcast.
He's around somewhere, but he's barely listening.
It's like dad's talking about vaccines again.
He wants to live his life.
He wants to live his life and spelling has given him the ability to let us know what he does and doesn't want.
You know, my my wife and I had purchased a farm where we were planning to have Jamie and friends live.
and work, right?
As they get older, because this is the big fear that all of us parents have, what the hell are they going to do when we're gone?
And what are they going to do as adults when they age out of school?
Right?
So we bought this farm, we walked it a bunch of times, we had architects out there, this whole thing.
And then Jamie learns to spell.
And I get around to asking him, hey, what do you think about this farm and living here?
And he said, I don't want to do that at all.
I want nothing to do with that."
So we sold it, right?
I mean, we wouldn't have known.

[SPEAKER_06]
Poor guy would be out there tilling the fields, bored to death, unhappy, not on the path he wanted.

[SPEAKER_16]
And instead, he got to tell us what he wanted to do.

[SPEAKER_15]
Great story.
Thank you for sharing that.
Well, JB, it's been an honor having you here on the show.
Your book, Your Books, How to End the Autism Epidemic and Underestimated an Autism Miracle.
Where are the best places for our audience to find those books for your benefit versus Amazon or is Amazon the best place?

[SPEAKER_16]
I think Amazon, I'm not sure there's much benefit to me.
I think I get
the occasional check and I just always donate it.
But just go to Amazon and then we may for those of you who happen to have a non speaker who haven't been turned on to spelling yet, please go watch spellers on YouTube.
It's free.
It'll take up an hour of your time and I hope that it will.
Sorry, I hope that it will change your change your change your life the way it changed ours.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yes, it's an incredible film.
So definitely watch spellers and grab a copy of one or both of the books.
J.B. Yeah.

[SPEAKER_16]
You're a parent thinking about vaccinating your child.
Please read how to end the autism epidemic.

[SPEAKER_17]
Oh, yeah.
Absolutely.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah.
Yeah.
That'll make you think twice or more about hopefully.

[SPEAKER_17]
Yes.
If you read it.

[SPEAKER_15]
Well JB, thank you for joining us this evening and send your son our best from the crew and the audience here at VSRF Live.

[SPEAKER_16]
Awesome.
Thank you guys so much for having me.
Hey, Steve, I just want to say before I go, I'm so grateful that you've emerged in this community and that you have such a backbone and that you don't tolerate idiots.
And I want you to know, I know there are millions of us, myself included, who are so grateful for your courage.
It never gets lost on me how hard it is to stand up and take all those arrows.
And you do it fearlessly and you never stop fighting.
It feels so good to have people like you join the fight.
It honestly allows me to sleep a little better at night, just knowing that there's a team of us, but you're at the top of the list for me and my wife, for heroes, and just people who don't give a fuck about anything but the truth.
So God bless you.

[SPEAKER_17]
Thank you.
And thank you for all the work that you've done.
I mean, you've just done such a tremendous job in making a difference, and hopefully it will pay off pretty soon.

[SPEAKER_16]
Amen, brother.
I'll be celebrating with you.

[SPEAKER_17]
Okay.

[SPEAKER_16]
Yes.
Let's celebrate soon.

[SPEAKER_15]
Thanks.
Bye bye.

[SPEAKER_17]
What a fantastic human being.
Yep.
Absolutely.
One of a kind.

[SPEAKER_15]
We're going to move on to our next guest.
I'm going to bring on, just give me one second here, get myself situated.
I'm going to bring on Dean Rainey.
Dean, welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_11]
Great, thank you.
Unmuted there for you.

[SPEAKER_15]
Great, thank you.
I forgot to tell you to unmute.
Welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm going to briefly, quickly read your bio for our audience.
Dean Ramey is a Canadian filmmaker with an impressive international track record.
Dean's work has been featured on National Geographic, Discovery Channel, CNN, and Fox Movies.
He has lived and filmed around the world from the U.S. to Hong Kong to his current home in Norfolk County, Ontario.
Dean is now making waves with his first feature-length documentary, Why Can't We Talk About This?
This gripping film tells the true story of a man injured by the mRNA COVID-19 vaccine and explores the uncomfortable silence surrounding vaccine-related harm.
Through personal narrative and insightful interviews with medical experts, legal commentators and public figures, the documentary exposes the emotional, physical and societal impact of vaccine injuries.
It challenges the cultural and political forces that enforce this silence, offering a raw and provocative look at a hidden epidemic and giving voice to those often unheard.
And I want to go ahead before we begin the conversation and share a trailer from your film.
So here comes a trailer for why can't we talk about this.

[SPEAKER_09]
Hey Dean, it's Michael.
How are you?
You know, I'm dealing with these spinal lesions and I'm trying to go down the rabbit hole to figure out what's happening to me.
And it's, there's so little information out there about the vaccines in COVID and
and long COVID, and man, I'm so tired all the time.
I'm wondering if you'd be interested in doing a documentary on what's happening to me right now.
Give me a call when you talk about this.

[SPEAKER_06]
If anyone chooses to not get vaccinated, there will be consequences.
Ignore nasty, ignore anti-maskers.
Take that shot.

[SPEAKER_05]
The average doctor that prescribed these vaccines, they actually made a lot of money.

[SPEAKER_07]
And those who questioned and challenged the narrative were portrayed as dangerous and spreading disinformation.

[SPEAKER_08]
They don't understand why it's happening.
I think they do.
They just don't want to admit it.

[SPEAKER_15]
Fantastic trailer and a fantastic film that I had the opportunity to watch recently as well Dean thank you for joining us.
I want to ask you right off the bat.
I'm losing Steve in the video here.
Let me see if I can get him back There you are.
Welcome back Steve Nothing my zoom crashed
You are at the center actually of this film as well.
You put yourself at the, you know, in the middle of it.
And I want to start off by asking you before you met your, the gentleman who's you're following in the film, Michael, what were you doing?
Or were you pro-vax?
Did you get vaccinated?
What was your experience with COVID before you encountered Michael from your town?

[SPEAKER_11]
So thanks for having me on.
Great question.
So I used to live in Hong Kong and I was living in Hong Kong during SARS, the first sort of pandemic.
And so I was watching this one really carefully because now it was here in Canada and seeing what was going on.
And I was very skeptical of everything pretty much from the get go.
But here in Canada, you have to remember we had mandates.
You could not work for the federal government unless you were vaccinated.
You could not get on a plane or a train unless you were vaccinated.
And you could not go watch your son or child's hockey game, go to a restaurant, go to a cinema.
You couldn't do anything.
So there was a lot of mandates, there were passports, and there was a lot of social pressure.
Myself, we caved to the social pressure.
We talked about it a lot, but we just didn't know what to do.
It was already hard enough.
We had two or almost three years of lockdowns here, and I owned my own business.
I just was not sure about taking any risks that were going to take me out of more work, you know?
But we really slowed down the process.
We were the last people getting a shot at every spot.
And so my kids actually, my daughter only got one because I was just dragging my heels all the way.
So I was watching all this unfold and my social circle, you know, was very pro-vaccine.
There are very few people that I could talk to about that, this topic.
So when I started to see Michael's social media posts kind of addressing this injury, I kind of thought I knew what it was, because I had been reading a lot, I'd seen a lot of other people sort of in the news, I guess, or in independent news or, you know, the not real news, I guess, the information of these vaccine injured people.
And I thought, oh, my goodness, there's something here.
And then Michael reached out and said, do you want to make a documentary on this?
And he had no idea where I stood on this.
And I kind of had an idea because I followed his social media and he was quite, he was very pro-vaccine.
He was doing what he was told, you know?
And so he got a real whammy from this one.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah.
So tell us a little bit more then about the film.
Clearly, you know, he asked you to make the film and you're a filmmaker.
So, and I believe he's a filmmaker as well or an artist as well.
So how did you go about
making this film from the get-go, knowing that you're going against the narrative, especially up there in Canada.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, going against basically everybody in my social circles and in my work circles.
And I'm just a small company.

[SPEAKER_17]
And what happened to you when you did that?

[SPEAKER_11]
So we started off, I said to my editor who was really like, you know, he's a young guy and was just really following the mainstream narrative.
And when I questioned things, I think he thought I was a little bit wacko, his boss is a little bit wacko.
But anyways, I'm a creative, so he still hung with me.
We went and we did the first interview.
We sat down and Michael could still sort of walk with the walker.
And we did the first interview and both of us, you know, our eyes were open because we were seeing this and we were hearing.
At that point, he had been through quite a bit of his medical journey.
So we'd had a lot of doctors saying off the record, yeah, we think this is vaccine related.
but we won't put it in your charts we cannot put it down we will not write it we will not say anything so i was like wow there's something here and then i kind of see in the film i kind of get sucked in because as i'm trying to make this film it becomes obviously it's going to be very difficult to make this film because i only have an interview with one guy no one else will talk to me on camera yeah no yeah of course no one
would come on to speak out against these, none of his doctors, because they would fear that they would lose their license.
About 75 doctors made the mainstream press up here for getting reprimanded.
losing their license and then the media just just ran them through the ringer as examples for other doctors so no one was saying anything.
So I like I don't know what film I have here I don't know how am I going to make a film, you know I don't really make political content or health content or science content.

[SPEAKER_17]
Could you do the, you know, the blacked out face and the voice?

[SPEAKER_11]
I promised everything.
I said, look, I got it back.
I'll do a silhouette.
I'll take your words.
I'll put them up here.
I just need a doctor to explain.
Right.

[SPEAKER_17]
Right.
Oh, wouldn't that be awesome?

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_17]
Nobody would do it.

[SPEAKER_11]
No.

[SPEAKER_17]
And then what's interesting because they were afraid they'd be outed.

[SPEAKER_11]
Oh, yeah, absolutely.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
No, they said, no, I can't.
I cannot.
And here's why.
They will be risky.
They will be after me.
And even I have Dr. Shoemaker who does eventually, Dr. Chris Shoemaker, he was someone who spoke out early against these, you know, just asking questions, just being critical.
And I, you know, being scientific, I would think, you know, questioning things and asking for more data and asking for more.
He lost his license and he was very hesitant to speak to me.
He finally did, but he didn't even want to talk about his issues with the college that regulates them.
He wanted to just speak about Michael kind of thing.
So we kind of get sucked into this.
Why the title?
Like halfway through, I look at my editor and I say, yeah, here's the title.
Why can't we talk about this?
We're not going to talk about this.
These people are just going to be swept under the rug.
And that is it.
We move on.
And so he, my editor was like, we're almost there.
He was almost in.
And then we put up a clip of just Michael's raw interview, his first raw interview, not edited, not anything.
I put it up, I didn't even make it public.
I just wanted to share it with another YouTuber or podcaster who had interviewed a similar case of vaccine injury.
And in 10 minutes, that video was taken down and I was given a medical misinformation strike.
And then my editor's like,
I'm in, what the hell is going on here?
And so we just kept pushing, just kept pushing.
And finally, we had a breakthrough and we got to speak to Dr. Steven Pelich from the University of British Columbia.
And he's submitted himself as a professor.
He's got 35 years experience at the university.
He's been tendered a long time.
And so he had the backbone to say,
You can't really cancel me at this point.
I've been published so much, so I'm going to speak out.
So, you know, they don't give him a lot of venues or platforms to speak out, but he did an interview with me and he explained the science of how these vaccines work, the mRNA vaccine technology, and then what they could be doing to cause this.
And when I got that interview, I said, OK, we're in now because now I understand what's going on.
This is a great interview.
And it kind of broke the floodgates open.
And then we were introduced to David speaker, who's done.
He's the one who confirmed all the DNA fragments, and the SV 40 enhancer that was found in vaccines here in Ontario, so some contamination.
And so then he came and spoke to us too.
Then we kind of got into meeting, like the gates were open.
We're just like, I know this person, I know that person.
We got a personal injury lawyer who was representing like 35 people trying to navigate the vaccine injury support program here in Canada.
We had never had a vaccine support program.
Only country in the G7s that never had one, the province of Quebec had one.
They brought one in in 2021, completely overwhelmed.
Like so many applications and it was just became a boondoggle too.
So the film kind of gets into that a little bit.
I think it's a great primer.
If you want to kind of look at the issue as a whole, it kind of gives you a smorgasbord of like kind of everything going on at the time.
And so, yeah, that's kind of where we're at.
And it was interesting.
I started off people against the vaccine wouldn't talk to me.
By the end, I couldn't find anybody to talk on camera in favor of the vaccines.

[SPEAKER_15]
Interesting.
Yeah, you did a great job of explaining how the mRNA works in the film.
I think it is a great primer for just the timeline, everything.
You did a fantastic job with that.
One quick question, Dean, any chance we can raise your mic audio levels?
If that's possible, move the mic closer to you.
We're getting some feedback that it's a little low and I'm trying to ride my mixer.

[SPEAKER_11]
Okay, so how's that?
Is that okay?

[SPEAKER_15]
That's better.
That's better.
And the other thing is the story of your editor.
I encountered a lot of people from my production background once the mandate started who refused to work with me anymore.
Even though they had worked with me for 20, 30 years.
Why?
Because you're a bad person?

[SPEAKER_17]
well i became a bad person in their eyes because of all the propaganda because you're so they viewed you as a threat because you might give them covid or they viewed you as anti-science or what was the it was a double whammy i was recommending

[SPEAKER_15]
Ivermectin before the FDA put out the horse paste.
Yeah, I'd gotten to know Dr. Corey.
And actually some people were listening.
At first they were listening until the FDA put out the big tweet.
You're not a horse.
You're not a horse.
And then that's when my phone blew up and that's when I became a bad person.
And then when I was against the mandates, well,
They thought I was killing people because I wasn't going to take the jab.
So that was that.
I could not get one of my former colleagues to come work and actually get paid to shoot footage at defeat the mandates.
You couldn't get anyone?
No one.
Four turn downs and then I stopped trying.

[SPEAKER_17]
Wow.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah.
Yeah.
They, when I would call them and say, Hey, I'm, I've got a project.
I want to see if you're available.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'd love to work with you again.
What, what are you, what are you doing?
Well, there's this rally called defeat the mandates that I'm, and that was, that was the end.
And then it's like, click?
Yeah, pretty much.
Pretty much.
Yep.
No, I can't do that.
So kudos for your editor to come around because I think censorship for any of us in the documentary world is a big no-no.
And I'm thrilled that you came around.

[SPEAKER_11]
I was flabbergasted.
by the response of the documentary community, the arts community, like documentaries just have such a long storied past of speaking about taboo subjects, of really exploring things.
And it was like, not now.
And I don't know, something happened during the pandemic that really affected a section of the arts community or something.
So they got scared, you know, because I don't think all these people are trying to control everybody, but they just really got scared.

[SPEAKER_17]
Yeah, so do you think things have eased up since then?
Can you sense that there's a tide turning?
Has anyone come to you and apologized?

[SPEAKER_11]
My mom did.
My mom did.

[SPEAKER_17]
OK, got one apology.
So it's like one out of thousands.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah.
She saw the film and she cried and she came up.
We were at the premiere and she said, we didn't know, we didn't know, we were leaving the institutions and I'm not gonna say anything there.
I just gave her a big hug and said, yeah, it's okay, it's okay.
And so no, no, I feel, because no one's gonna really say this, we're a very passive society up here, but I think I'm not getting jobs that I would normally get or RFQs to quote on, because I'm not.
This is tied and we really have TDS up here, Trump Derangement Syndrome, really bad, unfortunately.
So it's really, it's a wild time, but I feel it's getting better because I'm getting people reaching out, strangers that either are coming to the screenings or commenting on the social media posts.
Thank you for speaking up.
Thank you for doing this.
I know somebody.
I have been.
There's thousands and thousands of people out there.

[SPEAKER_17]
Can you imagine if people didn't see this happening to themselves?
How much worse it would be?
I mean, the thing that sells is, oh, yeah, all my friends died.
you know, type of thing.
And it's not going to be all my friends, but you know, I, I've talked to people who's, you know, all their neighbors around them died.
And, uh, and so that opens up people's eyes, but it, it's unfortunate that it takes people dying for people to realize that they've been lied to.
Like without that, um, uh, man, that'd be a tough road.
I mean, we would be really marginalized.

[SPEAKER_11]
It's still tough because some of the pushbacks get, it's dropping now because people are kind of, you know, it's getting in the news.
They're knowing people.
So it's kind of, people are not so vocal on social media, but the odd person is just still jumping in there trying to shut it down.
I'm like, are you paid or what's going on here?
Because what I'm seeing a lot is like, well, there's side effects for everything.
Forget about it.
Move on.
Like, are you kidding me?
Like this is something that was mandated.
People were forced.
They had no choice.
They had no idea.
They were either shamed, whatever.
And there's stigma with it.
If you bring it up, they think you're automatically anti-vax, anti-science.
You know, they think you don't have any shots at all.
You're questioning everything.
They put you with the truckers, which I mean, yeah, that's the, it's, but the truckers have got to still trying to break through that.
terrible reputation that the mainstream media just skewed everything on that there.
So we've just got some things to sort out here.
But I do feel it's getting better.
You can have these conversations now.
So I'm hoping that, yeah, films like this is a breakthrough, I hope.

[SPEAKER_15]
Did you have any trouble getting a room to screen your premiere in?
Just trying to even get the film screened somewhere I've heard can be challenging.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, so it's funny because another local filmmaker about a couple months ago, we live in the Great Lakes here, Lake Erie, and he made a film about the fishermen on the Great Lakes.
And he showed his film at the local cinema, the local independent cinema, and they did a long run and total support from the cinema.
And I thought, okay, great.
Well, at least I won't do as many screenings as his because it's not a feel good movie, but at least I'll have a venue to see it up on the big screen.
And my local cinema said, yeah, we're not gonna decline this film.
And I'm like,
There are only two filmmakers in my whole community.
You know me, I've been here for 15 years.
I've never made anything wacky.
I've made tourist promos and cooking shows and all this stuff.

[SPEAKER_15]
And you've screened your films at this, at the cinema before.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, other short films because of my history documentaries and all that.
Yeah.
But this one, they would not touch.

[SPEAKER_17]
Did they tell you why?

[SPEAKER_11]
They did not like the people featured in the film.

[SPEAKER_15]
even though he's from the community.

[SPEAKER_11]
They like Michael, they feel bad for Michael, they hope he recovers, but they cannot show this film because of the people in the film.
And I was like, sorry, cinema manager, you're going to have a problem with the scientists and doctors that I have?

[SPEAKER_17]
The scientists and doctors were the problem.
Why?
What was their reasoning?

[SPEAKER_11]
No reason.
That was it.
The only thing I got, and I just wasn't going to push it.
I'm in a small town here.
I got to see this guy at other places or whatever.
So I, okay, fine.
So we found another cinema.
Well, not a cinema, a live event place with the large screen and projector.
And I said, I'd like to do this.
Give me a day, a Sunday.
I don't, you know, I got to take a chance.
I'm looking for a cheap day that you give me.
He's like, okay, Sunday, Sunday.
I said, I got to tell you what the film is about.
But it's not crazy.
I'll show you the whole screen or everything.
But it's about a gentleman from Waterford 15 minutes over with a vaccine injury.
And he says, Oh, no, no, no.
My brother has blood clots and my dad has blood clots.
This film needs to be shown.
And I was like, Okay, here we go.
And we did three screenings there.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_17]
What was the outcome?

[SPEAKER_11]
Cry tears, not a dry eye in the house.

[SPEAKER_17]
Did you pack the audience?

[SPEAKER_11]
The first two we first one we did.
Second one was OK. And the third one was a little weekday.
We did went back for a weekday.
No, we like.
It's just, it's hard to get people in there.
It's hard to get butts in seats right now.
So we've got a screening in Hamilton, which is a big city, a million people, tomorrow night.
And that should be a packed house, a couple hundred people.
We'll have the doctors, we'll show up, they'll do a Q and A.
They're very popular, you know, because people wanna see Michael.
Michael was at the first one too, and he feeds off it as well, you know.

[SPEAKER_17]
Great.
So do you wanna plug the event in terms of where it is?

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah.
So it's at the Zoetic Theater in Hamilton on Concession Street at 7 p.m. And we're going to have Dr. Byron Bridle there, Chris Schumacher and David Speaker as well.
And then Michael's wife, Saskia, will be there and for a Q&A.
And what I've realized is that people come to these screenings and I really don't have to say anything.
I just have to listen.
People feel for the very first time in four years free to say what they've been thinking, what they've been experiencing, what they haven't been able to say.

[SPEAKER_17]
So how do you make money?
Did you find someone to fund the film?
Like, what's the revenue model?
How do you eat?
How do you buy food?

[SPEAKER_11]
I don't know right now.
My business has been hit big time from lockdowns and pandemics.
And this film, there was no one going to sponsor this.
I can't even get people to talk.
I can't find a venue.

[SPEAKER_17]
What you need is to have, at the start, sponsored by Pfizer.

[SPEAKER_11]
I would love that.
With that Pfizer CNN money there, yeah.

[SPEAKER_17]
Oh man.
That'll be the day.

[SPEAKER_11]
So it's hard.
So, you know, we did, we have rentals and the screenings people can pay.
And then tonight for you guys, we're going to ungate the film because it's just too important.
And I just, there's barriers when you try to say, okay, rent it for $10.
People have to log into a site and do a login and a credit card.
And I just said, forget it.
It's got to get out there and we got to get out there now.
And, you know, I've given some options for people to donate or contribute that would help us because there was no funding, no sponsorship.
It took a year and a half.

[SPEAKER_17]
Oh, wow.

[SPEAKER_11]
Team.
Yeah, like you're going out there and you're kind of you got business has been slow.
So we had this.
And so I said, this is it.
We're going to put this.
We're going to work on it.
We're going to work on it.
And I don't know what we're going to have because I've never made a feature.
And if we got something, we got something.
And I think we got something.

[SPEAKER_15]
You definitely got something.
And for those, Janet will put the link in the chat for this special screener that you're going to say for our audience.
And it is a fantastic film.
And I would say if you watch it, at least buy a movie ticket to watch the film, to support Dean and his efforts.
Because as filmmakers, it can be really tough out there, especially if you go into the narrative.
I've done this before, put everything I have into films and then it just becomes a labor of love.
And so yes, watch the film and at the very minimum, you know, buy a movie ticket or a Amazon video rental price and help support Dean and Michael.
And Dean, I'm wondering, can you give us a current update on Michael's situation who's at the heart of the film?

[SPEAKER_11]
So Michael is now in long-term care in the city.
So he's not even, he's about an hour from his home.
His wife is going to sell the home and move closer to him.
He is in his late 50s.
I want to say he's 57, 58, just a couple years older than me.
And he is in long-term care with 90 year olds.
So there's no rehab for him except for the little morning rehab that the seniors would do.
There's no medical plan.
There's no recovery.
There's no treatment.
There's nothing.
They are just holding him there.
He is literally out to pasture.
And that's how he feels.
His spirits are fairly good.
I try to check in with them often.
And I really thought, man, I want these screenings, number one, to get Michael out.
to get him out of that hospital once in a while, even if it's once a month, get him out.
And he was at that premiere and that meant a lot to everybody there and it meant a lot to him.
But when I went to see him Monday and said, okay, so what do you think?
Can you be there Friday?
We'll get a wheelchair taxi and everything.
And he says, I don't, I can't go.
I can't go.
He can't lift up anymore.
His breathing, cause he has a lesions on his spine that's basically just eating away at the myelin there and he's just losing

[SPEAKER_17]
So he had no problems with his first three shots and four shots, was it instant that he had a reaction?

[SPEAKER_11]
30 hours later, he's out with his family, tingling, weirdness, sleepy, kind of disordered.

[SPEAKER_17]
So he went to his doctor and the doctor said, oh, that means it's working.

[SPEAKER_11]
Not yet, not yet.
He just thought that was weird.
Then he drove the bus.
He drove bus part-time here.
He's semi-retired.
So he was driving school bus, loved it.
And coming home from dropping the kids off, he ended up in the ditch.
He blocked out.

[SPEAKER_17]
Oh, wow.

[SPEAKER_11]
So then he got home and got right to the hospital and his doctor said, don't take another shot.
Like, okay.

[SPEAKER_17]
Oh, the safe and effective vaccine.
Don't take another shot.
Now they tell me.
Why didn't you tell me that before?

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_17]
Wow.
Whatever happened to do no harm?
Like, can you get any of these physicians to answer the question of whatever happened to do no harm?

[SPEAKER_11]
They thought they were doing better, that the harm from COVID was worse than the harm from the vaccine.
And so that's their argument.

[SPEAKER_17]
I can assure you the data shows the opposite.

[UNKNOWN]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_17]
No doubt about it.
It's so clear.

[SPEAKER_11]
Now you're getting, we didn't know, we didn't know.

[SPEAKER_17]
Yeah, but, you know, and who's going to read anything I write, right?

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_15]
Doing the best we could at the time, given the information we had.
So what are your what are your hopes going forward with this film, Dean?

[SPEAKER_11]
Well, first of all, I hope that the stigma around people with vaccine injuries or even, you know, listening to your first guest there, even the conversation of vaccines, this should not be taboo.
I don't understand, you know,
I'm sorry, pharmaceutical companies do not have a good track record with me.
I mean, I left Asia before the opioid crisis.
I came back and saw the opioid crisis.
I was like, where did this come from?
Oxycontin?
not addictive safe and effective and then you know it's a pandemic here of guys hurting their back and then going on pills and then hooked for life and their lives are destroyed so I just was always skeptical and I'm just like why are we not talking about this so for me first of all we've got to start talking about these medical issues and not um
villainizing people who question anything.
And I think we do also have to do a lot of educating people on these vaccines.
They just do not understand the difference between traditional vaccines and the mRNA vaccines as well.

[SPEAKER_15]
Not at all.
They have no idea.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, totally.
They just think, no, 40 years of history proves this one's just the same as that.
And I think, well, they're even questioning the traditional ones.
So this new one, I don't even know.
I think for me, this film, it's important to reach the other side of the aisle.
You know, I'm kind of preaching to the choir currently, and I'm hoping that we can break through.
And so I've entered the film into film festivals because I think, you know, it's still a traditional documentary.
It was hard to put together.
I had no money.
I'm talking about something taboo.
It sort of clicks all those boxes.
If you can kind of recognize it, then I can get the other people to go.
It's a valid film.
I'll watch it.
and then I'll accept considering what's said in the film.
Because I don't need you to agree with everything.
I just need you to watch it.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, try the Malibu Film Festival and the Santa Monica Film Festival.
They're both friendly towards this subject matter.
Yeah, absolutely.

[SPEAKER_11]
I was wondering about California.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, yeah, yeah, totally.
The same people run both festivals and I think there's several maybe six months apart.
Definitely reach out to the Malibu Film Festival and the Santa Monica Film Festival and we'll see if we can get a word in for you as well.

[SPEAKER_11]
Perfect.
I appreciate that.
Yeah.
And then I would like to see, you know, people do more research into these shots.
We've got to put a pause here in Canada.
Canada, we're not getting the message.
You guys are.
Europe is.
We're just not even talking about it here.
And, you know, I was in the pharmacy the other day and a lady was getting a COVID shot and a flu shot and she was like in her eighties.
So I was just like, what are you, what's going on here?
And so I really want to see that, but that's up to our politicians, you know, and they just do not seem like they just even want a debrief on COVID on how they handled it.
Because, you know, these passports and the mandates, none of this worked.
It divided our society.
It injured a lot of people.
It's really left its mark on us here.

[SPEAKER_17]
God, you know, you just wonder what's going to happen.
What happens when people figure out, OK, we were lied to.
These shots killed people.
We were mandating a kill shot to people.
What do they do?
Once they realize that, do they say, oh, do they, like, where's the public apology even?
Like, they're so rare.

[SPEAKER_11]
Nothing.
There's nothing.
Oh, there's just absolute silence.
And our government and the pharmaceuticals in Canada have full immunity.
So we can't, there'll be no lawsuits.

[SPEAKER_17]
Nice.

[SPEAKER_11]
You know, and I was really hoping like, man, I'll make this movie and maybe pharmaceutical company, somebody will sue me and then I'll have some discovery or something, right?

[SPEAKER_15]
But yeah.
Can you remind our audience where they can find the film?
Talk.
Why can't we talk about this?

[SPEAKER_11]
Yep.
You can go to rainy media.com and we've set it up.
So it's the first thing you see when you land on the page there and you can go in and it's ungated and you can click on it and you can watch it.

[SPEAKER_17]
Oh, wow.
So we can watch it right now.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_17]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_15]
And there's a DVD available.
And, uh, and if you, and you have a donation link on there as well.
So if you feel compelled after watching the film or before watching the film to contribute to Dean's, uh, production of this film funds, uh, that would be, I'm sure greatly appreciated.

[SPEAKER_11]
Absolutely.
Thank you very much.
And thanks for the opportunity to come on and speak with you about this.
This is a big platform you have here, gentlemen, and I'm really proud to be a part of it.

[SPEAKER_17]
Well, I'm going to tweet it out right now.
So if you follow me, I'm going to.

[SPEAKER_15]
That'll get a pretty good reach right there.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yes, great.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_15]
And what do you think is next for you, Dean, before we sign off?

[SPEAKER_11]
Well, I hope the other part of my business picks up some corporates and some TV shows and that the other thing, but we'll really be pushing this film.
It's probably going to be six, eight more months of this just trying to get it out there.
The film festivals will sort of roll out as we can.
And we've got the backing of the
Canadian Citizens Care Alliance, which is an organization of doctors and scientists that are going through the data and research and have been speaking on this.
And I said, leverage my film.
Let's do events.
We'll do the film and then we'll do a panel of your doctors.
And so we're working with them to go to other major cities and just try to share and really just have some community around this film.

[SPEAKER_15]
I actually have a few questions I just noticed from the audience before before I let you go.
So let's let's get to a couple of questions from Lisa.
Have you noticed that YouTube is shadow banning the movie?
I was first to like after it had been online for over a week.

[SPEAKER_11]
Okay.
It may not be shadow banned.
I had it on listed.
I haven't gone full public yet.

[SPEAKER_15]
Okay.

[SPEAKER_11]
That would have cleared all the copyrights and I didn't get a medical misinformation strike, but it's also on rumble.
So that should be there forever.

[SPEAKER_17]
So it's on YouTube and rumble.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah.
Unlisted helps and taking off all of the monetization helps with the censorship, but not always.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah.
So we're watching it.
It may get taken down later.
I don't know.

[SPEAKER_17]
All right.
Well, I'm going to I'm going to launch you here.

[SPEAKER_15]
I have a question from Lior 235.
Did additional vaccine injured people approach you to be in the film?
What was behind the decision to have just Michael and the one other injured gentleman?

[SPEAKER_11]
So we have three people.
Actually, there's four because I kind of do mention Kayla, who's up north of us here in Northern Ontario, she has the exact same story as Michael.
So she was what tipped us off that there's something here, because her experience was exactly like Michael's and that kind of just lifted us off there.
And then through the
personal injury lawyer, Jasmine Daya, she had a number of clients and so she introduced us to a couple and some were hesitant to speak.
You know and here's the we had a gentleman Mike who spoke you know he's got blood clots and he's off work and but he's still kind of like well we did what we had to do and we thought we were doing the right thing but I just I don't want to get you know I just don't want to get left behind and
But I don't want to like it's really hard.
The people have to go through the stages, I think here, grief or something, you know, I've seen Michael go through them.
But then and then we had a lady that we interviewed who lost her husband, her husband passed away.
But, you know, the story is, the issue is huge.
The issue is huge.
And as a storyteller, I just kind of always had to try to bring it back to Michael just to grab because it could have been huge.
I could have never finished the documentary.
Honestly, it could have gone in so many different directions.
So we just try to ground it in Michael's story and then kind of give you the rest of the stuff around it.

[SPEAKER_17]
I'm anxious to watch it.

[SPEAKER_15]
Well, watch it while you can.

[SPEAKER_17]
Yeah, maybe that could be the title of your next movie is watch it while you can.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yes.
Well, Dean, thank you so much for joining us this evening and we wish you continued success with the finishing and actually getting this film out there.
We'll do our best to help you out.

[SPEAKER_11]
Thank you so much, gentlemen.
Thank you so much for having me on.
I really appreciate it.
And I really think you're doing some great work out there.

[SPEAKER_17]
Yeah.
Well, thank you.
Thank you for making that film.
Thank you.
That's a labor of love.
Yep.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_15]
All right.
Well, hang in there, everyone.
I've got a closing video that you're going to want to see and a couple of quick announcements before we close.
I want to remind you, as I always do, that VSRF
Uh, is a 501 C three and we don't have corporate sponsors.
We are 100% funded by people like you, families, medical freedom fighters, and truth seekers who know what's at stake.
Every show we produce, every vaccine injured story we share, every bit of truth we uncover.
It all happens because you believe in this mission.
But the truth is we are struggling.
We're up against massive censorship, dwindling resources, and a system that wants us silent.
If we don't raise enough to keep going, we risk losing one of the few platforms still standing for medical freedom.
So if you're moved by the work we do, by the guests that we have, I'm putting this on the screen right now.
Please help us continue.
Go to vacsafety.org backslash donate or simply text VSRF to 53-555 to give in seconds.
That is BSRF.
to 53-555.
No amount is too small.
The future of this fight depends on grassroots support from you.
So let's keep this movement alive.
Let's keep exposing the truth together.
And thank you for any and all donations that you can contribute this evening.
Be sure to join us next week.
Steve, do you know who's coming back to VSRF next week?

[SPEAKER_17]
No.

[SPEAKER_15]
Dr. Pierre Khoury.

[SPEAKER_17]
I've heard of him.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, yeah.

[SPEAKER_17]
That's the horse pace guy, right?

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, I referenced him earlier.
That's the guy who recommended the horse pace and got me all banned.
I'll have to blame him for that.
Well, he'll be sharing critical insights into the recent SIDS we've been investigating.
So don't miss next week the return of Dr. Pierre Khoury.
It's going to be a great show.
And to close tonight, Steve, I've got a video that we found.
Actually, Lisa Leahy found this and shared it.
So I'm like, OK, I'm going to close with this video tonight.
And it's got Dr. Tess Laurie's voice on it.
And it's a really interesting watch.
It's called Don't Let Them Get Away With It.
Thank you everyone for joining us this evening.
Steve, thank you for enjoying your supper with us this evening.
And yeah, great episode.
I want to thank both of our guests, JB Handley and Dean.
Thank you for being here this evening.
Have a great night.

[SPEAKER_03]
It was not botched.
It was not bungled.
It was not a blunder.
It was not incompetence.
It was not lack of knowledge.
It was not spontaneous mass hysteria.
The planning occurred in plain sight.
The planning is still occurring in plain sight.
The philanthropists bought the science.
The modelers projected the lies.
The testers concocted the crisis.
The NGOs leased the academics.
COVID vaccines are now available for children.
The scientists fabricated the findings.
The mouthpieces spewed the talking points.

[SPEAKER_06]
A pandemic of the unvaccinated.

[SPEAKER_03]
The organizations declared the emergency.

[SPEAKER_13]
The voluntary phase is over.
It's time for mandates.

[SPEAKER_03]
The governments erected the walls.
The departments rewrote the rules.
If you have travel plans, there is one more thing to add to your packing list, proof of vaccination.
Governors quashed the rights.
The politicians passed the laws.
The bankers installed the control grid.

[SPEAKER_06]
Individual carbon footprint tracker.

[SPEAKER_03]
The stooges laundered the money.
The DID placed the orders.

[SPEAKER_02]
Is it likely that American tax dollars funded the gain of function research that created this virus?

[SPEAKER_05]
I think it did not only from NIH, but from the State Department, USAID and from DOD.

[SPEAKER_03]
The corporations fulfilled the contracts.

[SPEAKER_01]
Pfizer is making tons of money from its vaccine.

[SPEAKER_03]
The regulators approved the solution.
The laws shielded the contractors.
The agencies ignored the signal.
She developed severe abdominal and chest pain.
The behemoths consolidated the media.
The psychologists crafted the messaging.

[SPEAKER_01]
Get the COVID vaccine.

[SPEAKER_03]
The propagandists chanted the slogans.
The fact-chokers smeared the dissidents.
The censors silenced the questioners.
You guys censored Harvard-educated doctors.
And you silenced those voices.
The jackboots stomped the dissenters.

[SPEAKER_06]
We will shut you down.
We will cite you.
And if we need to, we will arrest you.

[SPEAKER_03]
And we will take you to jail.

[SPEAKER_13]
Screw your freedom.

[SPEAKER_03]
The tyrants summoned.
The puppeteers jerked.
The puppets danced.
The colluders implemented.
The doctors ordered.
The hospitals administered.
The mentors side is scripted.
The bamboozles bleated.
The totalitarianized bullied.
The covideans tattled.
The parents surrendered.

[SPEAKER_00]
The hardest thing was I let him get that shot.

[SPEAKER_03]
The good citizens believed and forgot.
This was calculated.
This was formulated.
This was focus group.
This was articulated.
This was manufactured.
This was falsified.
This was coerced.
This was inflicted.
This was denied.

[SPEAKER_06]
Anybody lying here, Senator, it is you.

[SPEAKER_03]
We were terrorized.
We were isolated.
We were gaslit.
You really need to get vaccinated.
We were dehumanized.
We were wounded.
We were killed.
Don't let them get away with it.
