[SPEAKER_02]
Lock down all towns, everybody slow down, give them everything you have.
Mask up, backs up, get your body trashed up, better do what they ask.
It's alright, okay, sorry but you can't pray, gotta keep the church doors closed.
No superstitions, a saint politician will tell you what you need to know.
Citizen fools and brand new rules Make everyone a hero now So keep your distance, no resistance Only do what you're allowed Cash that check, go dance in the rec But just don't speak your mind Get your facts from the paid contracts Cause never will they tell a lie They don't know me They don't own me

[SPEAKER_03]
Oh God help us all, look what we've become Oh God help us all, and fix what we have done

[SPEAKER_02]
See no evil, bow to the needle Didn't we turn out great?
Sick is the new health, poor is the new wealth Truth is whatever they say Expert lectures, media protectors Tell me who to love and hate Jail in the network, hail to the Zuckerberg Head down, just behave
Liberty, freedom, angels, demons Someone's in control Well, no way, no how I wouldn't say it too loud Don't you know they're on patrol Need more likes, post up, let's fight There's no way that you're wrong Gotta listen to the science Cause it's all about compliance You agree or you're gone But they don't know me And they don't own me

[SPEAKER_03]
God help us all, look what we've become.
Oh God help us all, and fix what we have done.

[SPEAKER_02]
Sell my info, hacked and don't know, show me what I need to buy Sex consumption, no corruption, just as advertised You've been labeled and I've enabled, better apologize Propaganda, racist slander, time to organize Shot, bang, who's next, brain dead, useless, show it on the TV screen
Tell me who to vote for Gotta start a new war Wouldn't wanna live in peace Divide and conquer Weak not stronger Everybody know your place Do it now, won't hurt Dig into your own dirt Virtue found its grave They don't know me They don't own me Oh God help us all

[SPEAKER_03]
Look what we've become Oh God help us all And fix what we have done Inside balance, in for silence Mainstream message, won't you guide us You know what is best for our own good

[SPEAKER_02]
Anti this and anti that Cancel this and cancel that Take it to the streets and the neighborhoods Worship actors, food and drugs Brand yourself, give them your blood Don't believe your eyes, don't look around Fake news, rumors, okay boomer Ignorance will stain our future Will you make it through or burn it down?

[SPEAKER_03]
Oh God, oh God, help us all Oh God, help us all Oh God, oh God, help us all Oh God, help us all Oh God, oh God, help us all Oh God, help us all

[SPEAKER_06]
Tonight on VSRF Live, we welcome back Dr. Robert Malone to discuss the leadership shakeup at the CDC, how ACIP decisions impact every American family and his vision for reforming public health policy.

[SPEAKER_07]
The question is, were too many corners cut?
And were people mandated and otherwise persuaded, enticed, compelled to accept a medical product that wasn't as safe and effective as they were told?
This is particularly important in that most, if not all of the major criteria that underpin modern biomedical ethics were breached in that response.
And informed consent was not only not
required or enabled, but it was actively suppressed, is what currently the data indicate, is that the communications both from the sponsors and from the federal government actively suppressed information about potential adverse events in particular.

[SPEAKER_06]
Good evening and welcome to VSRF live.
I'm your host, Livio Sanchez.
Thank you for being here with us tonight.
Before we begin, I want to take a moment to honor the life of Charlie Kirk.
Charlie was a courageous young man, a devoted father and husband, a leader of strong faith and someone who deeply believed in open dialogue.
He sought to engage others to have civil respectful debates with those holding different opinions.
and to speak honestly with students across the country.
His life, as we all know, was tragically cut short yesterday.
Tonight, our hearts, thoughts, and prayers are with his wife, Erica, and their two young children.
It's moments like these that remind us why we gather here each week to speak truth, to stand firm in courage, and to keep open dialogue alive.
That's the mission of VSRF Live, and it's more important than ever.
We're honored to welcome back a dear friend and one of the most courageous voices of our time, Dr. Robert Malone.
Dr. Malone is a physician, scientist, and outspoken advocate for transparency, accountability,
and restoring scientific integrity.
He'll be joining us tonight to discuss the recent reckoning at the CDC, his new role on the ACIP committee, and his powerful testimony earlier this week on Capitol Hill.
And later in the show, Dr. Pierre Khoury will join the conversation to share more about the upcoming vaccine debate this weekend in New York City.
But first, I'd like to welcome founder of the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation, Steve Kirsch.
Steve, welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_04]
I'm good.
Under the circumstances, how are you doing, Olivia?

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, exactly.
I, um, it's been a struggle the last 24 hours or so.
And, uh, but you know, getting my druthers to be here tonight with everyone and with you.
And, uh, it was just such a shocking, tragic event yesterday.
And I'm going to try to fix your ID in a second.

[SPEAKER_04]
I had to give my link to Dr. Malone at the last minute.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yes, I'm trying to figure out how you came in because I don't see you on the guest list, but I'll figure it out.

[SPEAKER_04]
I made it.

[SPEAKER_06]
But you're here.
So good.
I want to
Move forward here and announce again that you and Dr. Corey have an important debate this weekend.
For those in New York City and nearby, mark your calendars for Saturday.
This coming Saturday, September 13th, Dr. Pierre Corey and Steve will go head to head against debunk the funks Dr. Dan Wilson and Professor Dave Farina.
There is no live stream, but tickets are still available.
I'll be there too, and I'd love to meet some of you in person.
Use promo code PANG, P-A-N-G 50, the number of five zero vaccine.
That's PANG 50 vaccine for 50% off last minute tickets.
Janet will put the link in the chat the following evening, Sunday, September 14th.
We're hosting an intimate VSRF fundraising dinner in Manhattan.
Steve, Dr. Pierre Khoury, Dr. Naomi Wolf, and other special guests will join us for a rare meeting of the minds and a chance to connect with leaders in the health freedom movement.
To attend, make a donation of $1,500 per person or $2,500 per couple to VSRF, then email Hillary at Hill, H-I-L,
at treatearly.org with the subject line debate dinner Sunday to reserve your spot.
The location will be located or will be shared privately and Janet again will put all the links in the chat and we hope to see you in New York.
It's going to be a really good weekend, Steve.
I'm assuming, I'm hoping and planning for a throttling.
Is that a proper word of Dr. Dave and debunk the funk?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, we'll see.

[SPEAKER_06]
How confident are you?

[SPEAKER_04]
You know, I'm here just to seek the truth here.
And if these guys have insights that we're missing, I'm more than happy to listen to what they have to say.

[SPEAKER_06]
Excellent.
I'm going to finish typing your proper name in and then I'm going to bring on our very special guest, Dr. Robert Malone.
Let me get him all situated.
I'm a little bit scattered with our name changes, but here we are.
And I'm going to bring them on now.
Welcome to VSRF Live, Dr. Malone.
How are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_08]
Thank you, Levo.
I'm fine.
I'm afraid this is a little informal.
I double booked.
So my bad.
I'm here at a Chopin concert in the Barbersville Winery in Virginia streaming off my phone.
So forgive me for that, please.

[SPEAKER_06]
Oh, no worries.
What time does your concert start?

[SPEAKER_08]
It's already started, so I stepped out because Steve nudged me that I had had a senior moment and I'm glad he did, so I'm here for you and I apologize for the confusion.

[SPEAKER_06]
Oh, well, I appreciate you taking the time to step out of the show and joining us.
So everyone knows who you are.
So normally I would read your extensive bio.
Please don't.
I'm going to skip the bio because we all know who you are.
And again, we appreciate and are honored to have you here.
I'm going to hand it over to Steve right now.
If you have questions.
Dr. Malone may or may not stick around for the Q and a at the end because obviously he's got a show to get to.
So I'm going to jump to the interview and we'll try to get some questions answered.
Uh, Steve, take it away.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, yeah, the first question is how much time do we have?

[SPEAKER_08]
Uh, it's, uh, it's all an overlap.
Uh, and, and I had promised to you, Steve, that I was going to do this and to your staff.
So, uh, I,
I owe you and I apologize that I owe I owe you in many ways, not the least of which is so that everybody's clear on this.
It was Dr. Steve Kersh, who so long ago said, Robert, you got to get on Substack.
I can't believe it.
And the rest is history.
So thank you for that, Steve.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, my pleasure.
So certainly well deserved.
And and I've been a huge fan of your work and
and have been following everything you've been doing since we first met.
So if you had only five minutes to tell people what you think they should know, why don't you take the next five minutes and tell them.

[SPEAKER_08]
Why don't we go through your list of questions?
Because you teed this up for the audience that we were going to cover certain topics.
So why don't we just work through those topics and see how it goes?

[SPEAKER_04]
Okay, well, let's start with your experience on the ACIP panel.
You kind of, you took it, and this is not your first rodeo with the CDC.
So you took it with a great deal of insight, unlike me, who you always said, oh, Steve, I just love how you're so naive with this stuff and are just finding out how corrupt things are.
So when you took the ACIP job,
you were already sort of mentally prepared for how bad things would be.
So my question is, were you pleasantly surprised that things were actually less bad than you thought, or were you surprised the opposite way that, wow, I didn't think things could be so bad as they are, or was it, you know, level expectations?

[SPEAKER_08]
So, uh, I,
There was a period of time when I lived in Northern Georgia and was working for Solvay Biologics heading up their clinical for their cell-based flu vaccine program.
And I was also supporting a diagnostics company that I attended many, many, many ACIP meetings.
But that must have been about a better part of a decade ago.
And CDC certainly had its quirks back then, culturally and otherwise.
I was always amazed that there was a cadre of creationists.
It was hard for me to process how you could be a full on creationist and working in cutting edge biology and infectious disease.
But that was one subset of CDC culture.
I encountered
What I've encountered is an organization that has really come off the rails.
If you don't believe that, you can do your own diligence.
This character, Dimitri, what's his name?
He that we've all become familiar with, thanks to the Streisand effect, when he retired or self, how do we say it?
Well, he resigned together with a couple of others after the
termination of Susan Menard as the recently confirmed director of the CDC was terminated by Bobby because she basically said to him flat out that he couldn't trust her.
Between that and going behind his back to Senator Cassidy, Steve, you've been in business in a senior position
If you have a direct report that is busy undermining you and telling you that you can't trust them, what would you do?
What would Steve do?
Steve would terminate the employee.
There's no other choice in a situation like that.
And of course, Bobby has had enormous blowback from doing it.
But these characters were the group that have resigned.
The chief medical officer and then there's a couple of data specialists and Dimitri.
They were actively obstructing the ability of the ACIP and particularly the ACIP working group for COVID to ask independent questions and select their own experts for seeking input on those questions.
What had happened over time, Steve, not only the DEI hiring practices that are fairly obvious to anybody that was paying attention to the news, and I really don't wanna dive too deeply into that, and we saw the impact of DEI throughout public health under the Biden administration in a variety of different positions, but what had developed over time
A lot of people talk about pharmaceutical industry capture of CDC and particularly ACIP and the conflicts of interest notoriously that virtually all the members were drawn from the various medical professional societies, all of which were subsidized to a large extent by the pharmaceutical industry.
So clear conflict of interest there, and then there were individual conflicts of interest.
But what there doesn't seem to be awareness of is that what had happened in a more operational street level sense is that the bureaucrat staff of the CDC had captured the ACIP.
And it kind of really became crystal clear to me
When I was getting questioned by Senator Blumenthal the other day, and asserting what he thought the ACIP was, and I kept telling him, no, Senator, that's actually not what the ACIP's charter is.
The ACIP is a Chartered Federal Advisory Committee, which is the ordinance is called FACA.
It's a congressionally chartered structure.
to allow fully independent advice to federal bureaucracies, particularly senior administrators in federal bureaucracy.
So that's what the Federal Advice Committee Act or FACA Act was all about.
And by the way, it has strict rules about federal employees or others, especially with the federal government intimidating any FACA member, Senator Blumenthal.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, you mentioned that.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, so, but in my mind, Steve, fundamentally, there's a couple of things going on here.
One is that the ACIP has had mission creep, and that's reflected in Senator Blumenthal's misunderstandings and questions in which he asserted that the ACIP sets vaccine policy for the nation.
That's false.
The ACIP is chartered only to provide advice to the director of the CDC, and in the absence of the director of the CDC, it goes to the assistant secretary and then the secretary.
Of course, now the assistant secretary for HHS is acting as director of CDC since Susan Manares is finding new employment.
So that's all ACIP is supposed to be, is an independent panel of unaligned scientists and physicians that are able to look over issues relating to vaccines and related drugs, particularly for infectious disease.
So this specifically includes the antibody products.
and to advise the director of the CDC about how the ACIP through consensus voting recommends that these products be used by frontline physicians.
That's it.
And the director of the CDC gets input from a variety of sources.
You know, the director of the CDC talks to Marty, director of CDC talks to the head of HHS,
Director of CDC presumably talks to their line staff within the CDC.
So they get a bunch of different inputs of which one is this independent committee.
So that's the way it's supposed to be by charter.
But what's happened is this strange mission creep wherein there's the appearance that the ACIP is setting policy.
That's not legal.
The ACIP cannot set policy.
And the reason why that has become the appearance is that the ACIP has been captured.
You know, we can argue about whether it's captured indirectly by pharma.
It has absolutely been captured by the CDC bureaucracy.
So the CDC PR, and this is what came to a head after seven weeks of obstructionism and slow walking, was that these characters that resigned, and I think it probably played into Bobby's conversation with Susan Manares that led to her termination, these folks, like Demetri in particular, the character that you're all familiar with, with the horns and the Satanist and all that,
He was asserting that the ACIP should not be able to look at things that the CDC has already determined.
So if the CDC had already investigated something, well, that was off the table.
And we were supposed to- That science is settled.
Yeah, that's right.
They own that science.
And furthermore, we were
They were supposed to have basically approval or veto power over the membership of working groups.
Now, for those of you that aren't in the.
gears of ACIP and have read the charter, et cetera, et cetera, like I've had to.
And oh, by the way, Steve, this is something I think the good Senator Blumenthal is also confused about.
The enormous salary that I get for serving on the ACIP is zero.
But for the six days a year that we're in Atlanta,
having the privilege of riding at the back of the bus and the planes, and then staying in the Emory Conference Center Hotel, which is pretty high-end property.
Nothing but the best.
Let's say no pool.
For that privilege, for those six days a year, we get $250 a day honorarium.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, that's awesome.
That will cover your bus fare.

[SPEAKER_08]
That's big money.
I don't think it'll even cover my Netflix.
And for that privilege, of course, we get attacked by the press and by Senator Blumenthal, et cetera, et cetera.
And this is probably not a good way to put it.
We're the whipping boys.
uh, for, uh, uh, the pharmaceutical industry and all of their lackeys.
Uh, so, so that's what's really been going on is that the bureaucracy over time has captured the ACIP in my opinion.
I've never said this before, uh, but that's that I want to write this sub stack.
So I'm kind of, uh, foreshadowing, uh, something I got to get, uh, out of my brain and, and type down, but, uh, the,
The process has absolutely been perverted.
There has absolutely been mission creep.
The public perception that this is a very powerful, very important organization is flattering, but a little overblown.
And as far as I'm concerned, if the organization was to get recalibrated to what it truly is by charter, which is merely another FACA,
designed to provide independent input to a director of CDC, I would strongly support that.
That's what it's supposed to be.
Decisions, this is one of my positions, is that policy decisions have to be made by politicians that can be held accountable through the electoral process.
They should not be made by members of a academic cabal.
which is basically what has developed over time.
And we could name names for prominent cabal members that we are all familiar with that are quite vocal about their opinions about many things, including the secretary of HHS.
And so, um,
I can tell you also operationally and I have to be a little careful here because I'm, uh, I've been reprimanded a couple of times for leaking stuff, uh, uh, that's going on at the ACIP.
I'm not supposed to talk in a forward looking fashion.
Uh, um, I don't have the sec breathing down my neck.
I have HHS comms, uh, but not sure which is worse.
So, uh, um, uh,
There are multiple working groups that have been constituted.
And by the way, Retsef Levy will not be intimidated.
Retsef Levy is head of the ACIP COVID Working Group.
And he has sunk his teeth into this like nothing I've ever seen.
You'll recall that we visited with him at MIT years ago.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, Retsef and I talk all the time.
Yeah, so he he is he will not be intimidated.

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, 10 years.
Defense force in part in intelligence does not make for somebody that will back down when when someone tries to intimidate them.
Uh, and, uh, he is doing a fantastic job leading that subcommittee, but there are many other subcommittees.
I don't have visibility into them.
I had the influenza subcommittee and, uh, we're just finishing our charter or, uh,
The bureaucratic term for that is terms of reference.
So you can look forward to the publication of the influenza subcommittee terms of reference soon, much as they were published for the COVID subcommittee, which is what triggered this whole cascade of happiness and resignations.
And there's also
be advised, you'll take some solace in this, that there is a working group subcommittee focused on evaluating the entire childhood vaccine schedule and its propriety.
Ben, it's about time.
Yeah, it's in progress, Steve and BSRF folks.
You may be frustrated that Bobby was not able to wave his magic wand and make all the badness go away, but I'll tell you a secret.
He doesn't have one.
What?
He doesn't have a magic wand?
If you have any illusions about that, I referenced last week's Senate hearings.
He's operating in a very, very politicized, contentious environment.
And of course, his opponents and our opponents are crying foul saying that we're the ones politicizing, quote, the science, which is, of course, as you know, a non sequitur.
Science is a verb.
It's not a noun.
And so
be advised that this is all taken seriously, it's in progress.
We have largely with RETCIF's leadership, even though Martin Koldorf is the overall chair of ACIP, I'm the vice chair, but it's RETCIF Levy that has just gone to the mat and fought with the bureaucracy and won this
a new policy position that really is the policy position that should have existed in the first place based on the FACA charter and the ACIP charter.
Okay, go ahead.

[SPEAKER_04]
Be conscious of time here, and I got a ton of questions I'd love to get your opinion on.
So if we can get a bit shorter answers here, I can get through them all, because they're really interesting.

[SPEAKER_08]
You know, it's not how I'm wired, but I'll do my best.

[SPEAKER_04]
No, I know.
I know.
I know.
I learned that early.
OK, and did you have any fans at CDC?
Does anyone has anyone at the CDC?

[SPEAKER_08]
Thank you for asking that.
So now that let's say the underbrush has been cleaned out, we we are.
Yeah, I don't want to go there.
So so the the remains that are interacting are seem to be truly committed
to a positive, uh, working relationship with ACIP.

[SPEAKER_04]
Wow.

[SPEAKER_08]
That is, if you listen to red stiff's interview with Marianne DeMasi, unfortunately she put it behind a paywall and I.
I tried to get her to do otherwise, but it is what it is.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
I mean, she, she's well deserving of your support by the way.

[SPEAKER_08]
She's an incredible, she's doing great work.
And so this, this is a key message that we're all agreed to is that number one, the shooting at the CDC was a tragedy.
Uh, and highly unfortunate, uh, great empathy for CDC personnel for that.
Um, uh, and those that are now remaining and engaged, you know, it, like with a lot of the federal bureaucracy, there's a few bad apples, uh,
And then there are a lot of folks that just want to do good.
They're there to serve, basically as I am.
I'm not there because I want a political career, and I'm certainly not there for the money.
But there's a lot of people that are just middle-class folks working their job, looking forward to retirement and pension, and just trying to get the job done.
The good news is that those kind of people are now engaged.
Mina Zada, who is the ASIP chair for the CDC and has a PhD, has done basic research.
She is absolutely a gem and is the key kind of organizing principal now around ACIP.
And there are many others supporting her.
So it's, you know, at this point, it's nothing but good news now that the brush has been cleared out.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, I'm glad I asked that question.
That's fantastic.
So would I actually be able to call her up and ask her some questions?

[SPEAKER_08]
So remember, we are all being handled by HHS comms.
So, uh, I'm glad to send you her contact information independently.
And, uh, she may, she may say that, uh, you need to talk to Andrew Nixon, uh, or she may talk to Andrew or she may, uh, have an off the record conversation with you.
I have no idea.
So that's between you and her.

[SPEAKER_04]
OK, great.
So that is fantastic news.
So do you know who the next CDC director will be?

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, what we have is the acting director, who is also the assistant secretary for HHS under Bobby.
And whether he's attempt to perm or
There's going to be another appointment or there's going to be appointment, a recess appointment.
There's talk about a nuclear option now for the folks that haven't been confirmed by the Senate because there's been a lot of slow walking there.
So I just that's above my pay grade.
People have said, Robert, don't you want to be head of the CDC?
And my response is, yeah, when hell freezes over.

[SPEAKER_04]
I'm going to call up the guys running hell and ask them to turn off the burns.

[SPEAKER_08]
I've lived in North Georgia.
I don't want to live there again.
And as I like to say, I'm 65 now, and I don't want to spend the next three and a half years of my life being backstabbed on a daily basis.

[SPEAKER_04]
No, that would happen.

[SPEAKER_08]
I can't believe that.
Ask Marty and Bobby.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, so.
Oh, man.
I mean, having you as head of the CDC, I mean, that would really be quite game changing.

[SPEAKER_08]
No, no, thank you.

[SPEAKER_04]
Just give it some more thought.
So the people now left at CDC, you believe are mostly supported.
Are there still a lot of bad apples there?

[SPEAKER_08]
It's a big bureaucracy.
And it's just had a bit of a housecleaning.
Those are the ones that were in the big protest.
And I just don't know.
There's plenty of good people.
I'm sure there are plenty of people that are not aligned with the Make America Healthy Again movement.
That is the way things are.

[SPEAKER_04]
So let me ask you this.
On a confidential basis, you don't need to reveal any names.
But has anyone at the CDC, after your ACIP meeting, come up to you and said, Robert, man, we are so glad.
No.

[SPEAKER_08]
Nobody.
The ACIP members are very much sequestered.
We have a special room that we retire to.

[SPEAKER_04]
They're not allowed to interact with you?

[SPEAKER_08]
It's not a chummy environment.
It's highly structured.
We have a special room that we retire to that only we can go to.
Jill's going to travel with me for the next ASET meeting.
Really, there's no opportunity for her to interact.
The press is sequestered and hostile.
We get takeout sandwiches that we eat together.

[SPEAKER_04]
Nothing but the best takeout sandwiches.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, which we pay for.

[SPEAKER_04]
Oh, man.
Yeah, no conflict of interest there.

[SPEAKER_08]
It's all true.
So so that's yeah, we're we're we're sequestered.

[SPEAKER_04]
Wow.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_08]
And you have to have a federal escort to go to any of the other buildings if you wanted to.

[SPEAKER_04]
Right, okay.
So, calls for your resignation.
I saw the meeting at Ron Johnson.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, Senator Blumenthal, my good friend.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
I'm sure you guys, you guys are buddy, buddy.

[SPEAKER_08]
Like, do you ever chat with Blumenthal like off the record and say, Hey, so I tried and that was, I talked about that in my quote testimony.
And by the way, that was, people don't realize that was all engineered by Ron Johnson.
Um, he, he knew that I had been defamed, uh, by Blumenthal, uh, in that letter and otherwise, and, you know, on morning Joe and da da da da.
And so, uh, um,
He and his lawyers on the committee looked up the clauses for what, because you can't sue a senator for defamation.

[SPEAKER_04]
Good to know.

[SPEAKER_08]
So they have this clause that if you're defamed, then you have the right to request some sort of a public hearing or interaction where you can defend yourself against the defamation.

[SPEAKER_04]
Does that mean if I can get Blumenthal to defame me?

[SPEAKER_08]
You get your five minutes of fame.
So in the Senate, so that's what happened.
And when it finally came push to shove, the lawyers for the committee were recommending that I should not do it because you have to be sworn in.
and they were afraid that Blumenthal would somehow trap me into making some sort of a false statement while under oath.

[SPEAKER_04]
Oh, wow.

[SPEAKER_08]
I wasn't worried about that because you know me, I just let it all hang out.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, totally.
COVID vaccines are unsafe, all that stuff.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, there's nothing to hang you on.
Yeah.
So I had no fear.
of being under oath and being questioned by Senator Blumenthal.
So that's what went down with Ron Johnson's facilitation.
And we had to sit around and wait for Senator Blumenthal to come back into the room because those are the rules.
So that's why the delay.
And then I spoke to him because when he initially defamed me on Mourning Joe and said I was unqualified, et cetera,

[SPEAKER_04]
If you're unqualified, then I don't know who is qualified.

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, I got a call from one of my old bookers who said, you know, Blumenthal was just attacking you on Morning Joe.
And so what I did was first I called Ron and Bobby.
to alert them that this was going on.
And that Blumenthal had sent this letter and that to explain the context, which was a substack meme roundup that Jill had put out.
And Ron's comments were gold.
So he said, send it to me so I can look at it.
And so I send it.
And his first comment is, well, you can't be a Democrat because you have a sense of humor.
And then he said, as he looked down and he saw the meme having to do with Blumenthal attacking Jeanine Pierrot as a conspiracy theorist that had a little inset in which the character in the line drawing was saying, well, did she claim to have served in Vietnam?
Which is obviously a poke at Blumenthal's false valor.
So Ron's comment was, well, that's really what triggered him.

[SPEAKER_04]
Was that me?

[SPEAKER_08]
So in any case now, you know, I called up I called up the senator's office got the admin who was scared silly and told her that maybe the senator didn't know who I was or had never read my CV because a lot of these characters all they know about me is what is put out in the friendly publications like the Atlantic Monthly and
the New York Times and the Washington Post, which are all about defaming me, but they can do that because of Sullivan versus the New York Times.
So I just assumed that Blumenthal actually didn't know anything about what my true background was.
So I talked to the aide and she said, well, you can schedule a meeting with one of his
and here's the email address.
So I take the email address, I request a meeting, I send them a copy of my CV and say, I would be glad to come and talk to them anytime.
Apparently that never made it up to the Senator according to the interaction that we had.
And it seemed to melt the ice a little bit when I got Ron to enter my CV into the record, bless his heart.
Uh, and he gave Senator Blumenthal a copy and then I went over some highlights and it seemed to kind of chill him out a little bit.
Uh, so, and he said that, uh, he would be glad to meet with me sometime.
And I, and I played nice in the sandbox and said, I look forward to that and blah, blah, blah.

[SPEAKER_04]
So, so that's the question is when, you know, in the next century.

[UNKNOWN]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, and he did end up by reinforcing that I was a bad guy and I shouldn't post memes about Senator Warren's comment concerning if you need to use 20 rounds and you're not a very good hunter.
Right.
And the retort being, well, if you need to disarm the population, you're not very good at governing.
Uh, so, uh, that's, that's, that's, that's, uh, that little tempest in a teapot, I guess in a way it's fun.
I should be honored.
Not everybody gets the chance to be defamed, uh, by a city, us Senator.
So yeah, there you go.
And in the world, that off your bucket list.
Yeah, that's right.
What's the next question, Steve?

[SPEAKER_04]
The Zervos study, the whole point of the meeting, like, have you read this?
So first question is, you haven't read the study?
No.
Okay.
The study is not released.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, I just heard what Aaron Seary, his characterization, and the young gentleman who is called in by Senator Blumenthal to represent his point of view and to attack the study.
That's pretty much what I know about it.
I found it fascinating that Ron came clean, Johnson, Senator Ron Johnson, and acknowledged that he was the one that forced the issue and forced this into the public.
So good on Ron.
But it really highlights, and I've tried to talk about this in a very gentle way, even in my little short testimony, we have a lot of doctors who are so scared.
and they have basically withheld information because of their fear of retaliation.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, and Zervos is the perfect example of that front and center.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, but the counterpoint is I've blown up my career twice.
Uh, and I have no regrets.
Uh, thank God, uh, this crazy, uh, venture capital, uh, inventor guy on the West coast, Steve Kirsch told me to get involved in Substack.
Otherwise I don't know how I would be feeding the horses, but, um, but I've, I've managed to land on my feet in both times and retain my soul.
and not be a scared little chicken.
So you can be honest and you can stand for truth and transparency in your patients.
And you don't have to hide in your academic robes in your office, but some people make that choice.
It's, I think, when they get to a certain age and look back, it's been said,
No one regrets speaking out and doing the right thing when they get near the final days.

[SPEAKER_04]
Next question.
Good, good, good.
So Aaron Seary said that he's read a lot of studies.
Do you remember him saying this?
He says he's read a lot of studies.
And he said that the Zervos study, did he say that it was the best study that he's ever read?

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, I think he did say something along those lines.
He said that he has to read the entire literature comprehensively

[SPEAKER_07]
Uh, as, uh, in order to do his job as an attorney, Aaron Siri is a battle hardened prosecution attorney, um, litigation attorney.

[SPEAKER_08]
He is not somebody to mess with.
And, uh, um, I think, uh, Senator Blumenthal got a little taste of that, uh, as did the, uh, young gentleman who is a associate clinical professor at Stanford.
I, you know, I couldn't question whether he's still wet behind the ears.
He certainly didn't understand very much.
And this whole paper that he says he compiled is not actually a paper that was cited by CNN.
It doesn't with sans scrutiny.
It's never been submitted.
He's not even finished it yet by his own words.
It's the whole thing is a I call a fraud, a shell game, a misrepresentation.
And the young gentleman, I hope he's a good clinician, but it was fascinating.
He started off with I've had hundreds of patients die from COVID.
Remember that?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yes, and then it was dozens.

[SPEAKER_08]
Then it was a dozen.
After Ron mentioned that all these other doctors that were providing early treatment had almost saved 100% of their patients, and suddenly he came to Jesus or something, I don't know what happened there, but he was much more circumspect and realized that he had stuck his foot in his mouth by talking about the hundreds of people that had died under his watch.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, exactly.
So remember, he characterized this as this bias.
It wasn't selection bias.
It was, what did he call it?

[SPEAKER_08]
Detection bias.
Yeah, what he was really talking about is referred to as healthy vaccine bias.
And that is a major issue with a lot of studies.
It's a topic that we discuss all the time at the working group right now.
uh... and and you know people that uh... are biased to take vaccines tend to be healthier they're going they're seeking medical care uh... and uh... they're they're not uh... the poor the indigent uh... the struggling masses they tend to be uh...
wealthier and healthier.
And so if you're doing a study based on assessing vaccinees, then you have to be very careful to adjust and control for healthy vaccine bias.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, so this isn't quite the same thing as the healthy vaccine effect, which I'm very familiar with because I spent a lot of my time.

[SPEAKER_08]
Not the same.
But it's very related, very similar.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, it's related.
It's related for sure.
But when you heard him talk about that claiming that those results are caused by detection bias, they did sensitivity analysis and they also had negative controls.

[SPEAKER_08]
Look, Aaron Ciri just ate him for lunch.
This is not a trained scientist.
So process what this means.
This is one of those things you have to have been an academic to appreciate the title.
A clinical associate professor of infectious disease at Stanford
Does that mean that he has got a laboratory and he's busy doing fundamental basic research, et cetera?
No, that's not what it means.
What it means is he's a worker bee on the line at the hospital treating patients.
And he's been there for at least five years.

[SPEAKER_04]
Right.
And he's the last person you want to criticize a study.
I mean, if you're going to put somebody on the panel to criticize the study, you put someone who is who's actually writes a bunch of studies.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.
So he was he was unqualified, but he was what Senator Blumenthal could get.
And this all flows back to the brilliant journalists at CDC.
I'm sorry, at CNN.
That was a Freudian slip.
Sorry.
that had criticized Bobby in his statements about the lack of proper negative controls by citing this study that's not actually a study by a researcher that's not actually a researcher.
Roger?

[SPEAKER_04]
There you go.
This is how science is done nowadays.

[SPEAKER_08]
The science.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yes, yes.
So it'll be really interesting if you can get a meeting with with Blumenthal and it would be, of course, even more remarkable if that the meeting were like recorded and maybe I can get maybe I can get Senator Johnson to facilitate that.
Yeah, I mean, that'd be just the two of you going back and forth on science, right?
Because Blumenthal claims like he is the promoter of science.
And it's interesting that both Johnson and Blumenthal both said, oh, there's a problem with the scientific integrity
And they both agreed on that.
But they're finger pointing that it's the other guy's problem and not our problem.

[SPEAKER_08]
So the prior week, the Senate hearing about all of this, that Bobby's politicizing the science, when in fact the people that are throwing the mud there are the ones that are clearly politicizing, quote, the science.
This is a sensitive topic right now.
Those that are are crying wolf about the likes of me Causing you know, what was the claim that Blumenthal made that I am inciting violence against scientists The ones the ones that are as I as I said in my testimony you want somebody that that
caused violence, how about Lena Nguyen and what she was saying about the unvaccinated?
Now that's violent.
That may not be a shooting me with a rifle, but what was done during COVID, particularly to the unvaccinated and to the dissenters, was violent.
And what was done with the mandates was violent, as far as I'm concerned, having to do with the ethics of this whole situation.
I don't want to characterize left versus right, and this is not a time to talk about language like going to war.
these assertions that MAGA and MAHA are the ones that are promoting violence sounds an awful lot like projection to me.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yep, for sure.
So I'm out of questions.
Livio, do we have audience questions?

[SPEAKER_06]
We do, but I know Dr. Malone has to get going.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, I've missed the whole concert, I think.
There may be another round.
So I would be grateful if I could, if for no other reason, that it would keep my wife from being less pissed off at me.

[SPEAKER_06]
absolute can i ask you one question doctor malone yes sir which is on the day of the senator johnson hearing bernie sanders had a press conference uh... with a bunch of organizations with giant signs that say vaccines work
And he met with organizations such as the American Public Health Association and Doctors for America and National Medical Association.
They all spoke.
And my question for you is, have any of these organizations reached out to you or have you tried to reach out to them and see if there's a conversation that can be had?

[SPEAKER_08]
This is all political theater.
And as I've said repeatedly now,
particularly in various broadcasts where I've been asked to opine about the hearings in the Senate with Bobby.
Guys, get a clue.
This is all about the midterms.
It's the only thing that matters.
Everything is being weaponized.
It's all political theater.
And you can carefully, if you listen carefully to what went down that week,
You can discern what the key messages are.
One of those is a strategy that's been in play for a couple of months now, which is to drive the wedge between Bobby and Trump.
And that's being tried in a number of different ways.
There's a whole initiative here to rally the base and to incite anger.
You know, anger is the kissing cousin of violence.
There is an initiative here to separate agrarian communities and the rural communities from the president.
You can see that if you follow the narrative that was repeated again and again about rural hospitals.
In the face of $50 billion being allocated in the big, beautiful bill for rural hospitals,
All we heard was, oh my God, the rural hospitals are closing.
It's such a tragedy, but they're closing.
The big, beautiful bill money hasn't come yet.
They're closing because of the Biden administration policies, but that's never said.
All of this is political theater designed to impact on specific constituencies.
And the big problem right now, they've already peeled off, unfortunately, a lot of the young because of the Israeli conflict.
And now they're trying to peel off, I notice Pierre is here, bless his heart.
They're trying to peel off the Maha constituency, particularly the moms, suburban moms, African Americans, et cetera.
And so they will do anything they can to try to cast doubt on this and to generate fear.
And how are you going to generate fear in moms?
Oh my God, they're going to take away your vaccines.
Bobby is going to take away your vaccines.
Donald Trump is going to take away your vaccines.
It doesn't matter what the truth is.
It's all about the promoted narrative.
And that's the reason why I don't engage with these clowns is because that's what's really going on.
There's nothing here that has anything to do with truth, fact,
the adjective science or anything else.
This is all Kabuki theater.
It's standard Washington DC stuff.
And I'm already too busy.
I don't have time to play those games.

[SPEAKER_06]
Have I answered your question?
Yes, you did.
It's exactly what I thought you would say.
And it's just tragedy because they go out there and talk about how they care about the kids and people and saving lives.

[SPEAKER_08]
Of course they do.

[SPEAKER_06]
It's none of that.

[SPEAKER_08]
Guys, I wrote this whole damn book about cywar.
You can read it or not.
It's up to you.
But if you want to understand how the game is played and what's really going on here, either read the book, listen to the audiobook, or do your own research.
But understand that the modern technology
suitcase of psychological warfare developed by our military and the British military largely, has now been assimilated as part of large industry and particularly pharmaceutical industry marketing.
And they are all in on that playbook.
And we collectively are up against a very substantial opponent that has, I believe, virtually no ethics
and unlimited cash.

[SPEAKER_06]
I'm sure Dr. Pierre Corey wants to say a quick hello before we let you go.
Thank you for joining us, Dr. Corey.

[SPEAKER_05]
Hey, Robert, did you leave?
I just want to say hi.
I haven't talked to him in a while.

[SPEAKER_04]
No, he's still here.
He's still here.
He's in the dark.

[SPEAKER_05]
I'm here.
Good to see you, Pierre.

[SPEAKER_08]
I hope you're enjoying life.
I'm kicking butt, Robert.
Okay, and taking prisoners.
Okay, I gotta go now.

[SPEAKER_06]
Dr. Malone has to leave.
We disrupted his concert tonight, but thank you, Dr. Malone, for your time and all of the great insight and good luck with that.

[SPEAKER_08]
Thanks for having me on.
Bye-bye, guys.
Bye-bye.

[SPEAKER_06]
Hello, Dr. Corey.
Thank you for joining us on VSRF Live.
Definitely.

[SPEAKER_05]
Good to be here, guys.
Good to see you.
Ready for this weekend, Steve?
Let's go, boy.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
Yeah.
From one doctor to another doctor, we flip.
Thank you, Dr. Malone.
Appreciate it.

[SPEAKER_06]
All right.
So I wanted to bring you on.
Thank you for joining us and to just give the audience a little preview about what's coming up this weekend on Saturday night, this debate with you and Steve against debunk the funk and Dave Farina.
What are you anticipating their tactics?
How are they going to go on the offensive against you guys?

[SPEAKER_05]
You know, Livio, I can't imagine anything else but two men fueled
and fired up and completely faithful in massive amounts of propaganda that they've been fed.
They have no filters, no ability to distinct propaganda from truth.
They don't know about the history of the propaganda in science, the control of the institutions of science.
I'm, to be honest, I haven't really even prepared because I don't really want to debate papers with them.
I'd rather just point out like the stuff that they're bringing me is the end result of immense amounts of corruption control and curation.
And that's, that's going to be essentially the mainstay of my arguments.
It's like, don't bring me the latest New England Journal of Medicine article paper that shows a 400,000 child study shows there's no link to autism.
I mean, it's just clown world.
It's clown world.

[SPEAKER_04]
Steve, what do you have?
Well, you know, the important thing is to be calm.
Yep.
About the whole thing.
And I've been warned to speak slowly because that gives you more credibility really, really fast.
So you speak carefully, choose your words wisely and be calm.
That was the advice.

[SPEAKER_05]
I like it.
I actually planted because I, you know what?
It somewhat comes natural, Steve, because

[SPEAKER_04]
We're going to try to get us riled up.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, we've been in this so long and I was the guy.
I mean, I don't want to say I'm a fighter like a badass or something, but like I punch back for years.
And then I realized, like, just let it come.
I'll let you say what you got to say.
And I'm just going to put it out plainly.
I'm not I'm not interested in telling them how wrong they are or how ridiculous they sound and getting engaging in that kind of like elevated emotional engagement.
But
I agree.
I'm commonly going to state my facts, or what do they call it?
Alternate truth or something?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, yeah, or alternate truth, whatever.
There you go.

[SPEAKER_05]
It is what it is.
But you know what I think, Steve?
It doesn't matter who wins or loses.
Both sides are going to perceive their side as being winning or losing.
The more important thing, Steve, is that, and you've seen this in a lot of media discussions, do not give anti-vaxxers a platform.
Do not give them a platform.
Well, guess what?
You just gave us a platform with a time clock.
So I can speak my beliefs, my measured and careful study and research over years.
You literally are giving me that?
Fine.
How it's interpreted, how it's ingested or absorbed.
It's not my responsibility.
I'm responsible for the effort and not the results.
And I'm just appreciative that I get to get that opportunity to just talk about what I've learned, what I've researched, what I know.
And I can cite immense amounts of data to support this complete fraud and myth of vaccines.
I mean, it's an absolute fraud.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, I'm glad you said, I'm just grateful that the two sides are actually going to be on the same stage and talking to each other.
And I believe this is a first of its kind event between this pro-vaccine side and the health and medical freedom side.
I'm not going to use the anti-word.
And I think that's, I wish it was more credible opponents for you guys, but I think it's still an important debate and discussion nonetheless.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yep, I'm not invested in the outcome.
I'm invested in the opportunity.
That's it.

[SPEAKER_06]
Absolutely.
Yeah.
And I want to remind everyone what we're talking about is I'm gonna share my screen.
This is the this Saturday, September 13, Dr. Pierre Corey and Steve Kersh will face off in the first ever public vaccine debate in the Bronx, New York, going head to head
against debunk the funk stand doctor dan wilson and professor day for rena and of course as we've been talking it promised to be a lively fact driven discussion that you won't want to miss if you can get there tickets are still available janet will put the discount code in the chat
If you can make it, if you're in the New York city area.

[SPEAKER_05]
So New York friends, they got to come out, man.
I'm coming back to my hometown.
Rumble in the Bronx.
Come on, man.
Come out and support us.

[SPEAKER_06]
Absolutely.
A chance to shake hands with Dr. Corey and Steve Kersh.
So show up if you are in the vicinity.
Anything else you gentlemen want to add before we sign off this evening?

[SPEAKER_05]
Steve, you got something?

[SPEAKER_04]
I'm looking forward to it.
If we're wrong about any of this stuff, I'm looking forward to learning the truth.
I mean, science should be all about the search for truth, and that's why I'm doing this.
I'm trying to find the truth.
And if I'm wrong, I'd love to know about it.
But so far, when I ask people to show me how I'm wrong, I don't get much back that is very convincing.

[SPEAKER_05]
Steve, man, you have been wanting to debate.
You've been putting money down to debate for five years now, and we finally get our chance, right?
And to me, the most powerful quote, I was actually reading Gavin De Becker's book on what's it called?
It's fact.
It's on my desk.

[SPEAKER_04]
Forbidden facts.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
He, you know,

[SPEAKER_04]
By the way, that's available for free on Amazon for people who are listening.
Gavin De Becker, it's zero for a week.
So go to Amazon now and download this.
But Gavin De Becker, two words, D-E and then Becker.
And it's called, I think it's what it was, Forbidden Facts.
But you'll see it in the public.

[SPEAKER_05]
Oh, it's beyond brilliant.
But he includes a couple of quotes, and one of which I've always appreciated, which is by Michael Crichton, the famous author, bestseller of many, many different books.
And he talks about how, like, consensus isn't science.
You know, if you claim consensus, that's not science.
Science should always be about differing opinions that are constantly challenging each other.
And then in one chapter, he ends with the most clown world quote of all, which is Peter Hotez, who says, you should never debate science.

[SPEAKER_04]
Ah, there you go.

[SPEAKER_05]
So, you know, it's, it's great, because we get to debate that is science, what, whatever crazy, you know, propaganda fueled opinions, they've, they've arrived at, that's fine, let's debate and see who's who's, you know, who's matters more, and who's resonates more with, like, the layperson public, like, who makes more sense here.
So, let's see what happens.
I'm, I'm at peace, Steve, I'm ready to go.

[SPEAKER_06]
Great.
And Dr. Corey, you're going to come back next Thursday to discuss and share with us what happened on Saturday.

[SPEAKER_05]
So you keep reminding me because you know I'll forget.

[SPEAKER_06]
put the thumbnail up on the screen today.
Join us next week.
We're going to have Dr. Pierre Corey and Steve back to share the highlights and discuss what the experience was like on Thursday on Saturday night.
I'm going to shoot hopefully some clips and we'll have some footage maybe to share Thursday.

[SPEAKER_05]
Hey Steve and Livia, what do you think the probability is that they bring up that I've lost my board certifications?

[SPEAKER_06]
A hundred percent.
I would put a dollar that they're going to bring that up.

[SPEAKER_05]
It'll be fun.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, no doubt.
Well, Dr. Corey, I know you're busy, so thank you for coming in to quickly preview this weekend's events.
And again, Sunday night, we're having a dinner.
Dr. Corey, you're going to be there.
And I am there.
So if you're also available Sunday night, it is a fundraising dinner for the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation, as I mentioned earlier.
And if you can email Hill at treat early dot org and Janet will put that email in the chat as well.
If you are interested in joining, we do have a couple of seats left.
for the Sunday night dinner, but we're pretty much full.
Got a couple seats, I've been told.
So if you want to grab those last two, now is now would be a good time.
So Pierre, thank you so much.
And I look forward to seeing you in person on Saturday night.
Can't wait.

[SPEAKER_05]
Always good to see you, love you.

[SPEAKER_06]
Steve, hang in there for a couple seconds.
I just want to also just remind our audience that we are a 501C3, and if you are able to donate to our cause and our mission, you can text VSRF253-555.
and or donate that back safety dot org backslash donate anything you can will be greatly appreciate and we thank you for all your support in closing tonight i want to uh... i made a little joy we found just a little video
that we're going to sign off with of Charlie Kirk from 2021 discussing the COVID vaccine injuries.
His voice, insight, and bravery will be deeply missed.
And Charlie stood up for what he believed in and wasn't afraid to speak truth to power, an example that will continue to inspire us all.
Let's all be like Charlie.
And Steve, thank you for being here tonight and guiding the conversation.
And we will see those of you live on Saturday night that are joining the debate.
And we'll see you again next week.
Thank you, Steve.
Thank you, Pierre.
Thank you, Dr. Malone.
And thank everyone out there for being here tonight.
Have a great rest of your evening.

[SPEAKER_01]
Thanks.
Raise your hand if you or someone you know personally had a serious adverse event to this vaccine.
Raise your hand.
Almost every single hand in this room was raised.
For the con artists out of the media, it's either, what's going on here?
Maybe there's something that is so beyond what's not being reported, that when you have thousands of hands that go up in a room like this, I don't know about you, but I know personal stories of some very tragic reactions.
Now let's go a step further.
Let's say, raise your hand, if you beyond
it's just any reason of like beyond reasonable doubt you believe the vaccine contributed to the death of somebody that you know raise your hand look around the room two people
We are, we're not even allowed to talk about this.
Are you kidding me?
Governor, what's going on here?
You just saw thousands of hands get raised, and I was very careful with how I asked the question, right?
And let's pretend half of the people here are wrong.
Is this a scandal?
I mean, it's beyond anything we've ever lived through in our life, and we're not even allowed to talk about it.

[SPEAKER_00]
Right, and that's the scary thing is, you know,
Well, it really is the thought police that are trying to crack down.
When we're not allowed to talk about something, you know what that leads to?
Those who don't want us to talk about something.
Ultimately, they don't want us to think about something.
And it is a thought police type issue.
Because when you are afraid to speak a truth, well, they got you then.

[SPEAKER_04]
Wow, that was a great video.
