[SPEAKER_00]
from the start.

[SPEAKER_01]
Did you see Taylor live?

[SPEAKER_02]
I swear they never lie Politicians brought for life Mortar or genocide This is gone again Welcome to the chaos of the times If you got left behind

[SPEAKER_01]
It's fashion week, celebs lose ribs Balenciaga has the kids Just as Drake, he's losing beef
Kids are killed from Israel's actions I'ma speak my mind Sick to death are all these crazy lies A circus for your melodies to climb We just want a peaceful life, give the people back their rights And I still got a beef Cause Fauci's laughing and we've been asleep And who's a liar and it's run a deep Big pharma finna eat, they a devil making weed

[SPEAKER_02]
Mermaid virus, watch the millions die Biggest profit of their lives His inflation, that's your prize This is calm again Turn on the news, and eat their lies Kim Ok-Kanye, pick your side Cancer culture, what a vibe This is calm again
They never lie, politicians brought for life More and more, it's genocide, this is common again Welcome to the chaos of the times, a few got left behind

[SPEAKER_05]
Tonight on VSRF Live, Teachers for Choice founder Michael Caine joins for an update on a bill in New York designed to create a database needed to implement a statewide vaccine passport system.
Also, Dr. Mary Talley-Boden shares her insights on the significant changes we can expect during the upcoming Trump administration.

[SPEAKER_03]
I treated over 6,000 patients.
When you see that high volume, I mean, that's something I'll never again experience in my career.
I mean, usually I see a wide variety of issues as an ENT.
Never had such a large volume of the same disease in such a short period of time, and you become an expert in it.
And, you know, I started speaking out and, of course, I got ridiculed, smeared, canceled.
I'm still fighting for my medical license.
So I put everything on the line to tell the truth.
And I think that brings us to another point is that, you know, all these people, all these doctors have really stuck their nuts out, have suffered because of, you know, just telling the truth.
I mean, just upholding the Hippocratic oath or being completely ignored, especially right now.
Right now.

[SPEAKER_05]
Good evening, everyone, and welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm your host, Livio Sanchez, and I'm honored to be here with you tonight.
We've prepared an incredible lineup of discussions that are not just timely, but essential for our future, our freedoms, and our health.
First, we'll be sitting down with Dr. Mary Talley-Boden to talk about her viral interview alongside Dr. Callie Means and Dr. Jack Cruz on the Danny Jones podcast.
This conversation has been making waves and tonight we'll get Dr. Bowden's take on the topics that have captured so much attention.
She'll also share her thoughts on the changes we might expect with the new incoming administration, as well as what's on the horizon for healthcare, mandates, and public health policies.
Later in the show, we'll connect with Michael Kane from Teachers for Choice.
Michael will give us an inside look at the upcoming Maha rally in Albany, New York, what's fueling this movement and why it marks a critical moment for education and medical freedom.
Before we dive in, I want to take a moment to acknowledge the devastating fires in Los Angeles.
Um, as someone who was born and raised in Los Angeles and actually spent half my life living out there, I will always consider it my home.
It's truly heartbreaking to see the people and the city.
I love endorse such hardship.
So my thoughts and prayers are with all the victims, their families, and the brave firefighters risking their lives to protect their communities.
And now I'd like to bring on VSRF co-founder or co-founder founder, Steve Kersh.
Welcome to VSRF live Steve.
How are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_07]
I'm good.
I'm pretty happy.
I got this debate going and I got some data that's killer stuff.
New stuff that's never been shown before and nobody ever looked at.
It's amazing.
It's amazing.
It's CDC data.
It's in plain sight.
and nobody wants to look at it.
It's like touching a third rail.
Why is it that there are no papers showing that the mortality rate of states was lower if you were highly vaccinated?
I can't figure that one out.
Nobody ever looked at that in any of the papers.
But I'm a misinformation spreader, so I like to look at these data sets.

[SPEAKER_05]
Pretty interesting.
Well, you do.
I was going to start by asking you how the debate is going.
Is there an update on where it's at?

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, we're in round two and so he's throwing out these bullshit arguments and I'm throwing out these legitimate arguments and the judges are confused and I think by the next round when I throw out the...
It's nice that he claims that all these lives were saved, but why is it that the vaccine is people in highly vaccinated areas are dying more than the people in the less vaccinated areas?

[SPEAKER_05]
That's a great question.

[SPEAKER_07]
It is a great question.
Nobody's ever asking it.
What they're doing is they're taking little snippets.
They're taking like snapshots.
You know, it'd be like taking a snapshot of the fires in LA and saying, hey, this is normal.
See, LA is always on fire when it's not true.
You know, it's a snapshot in time.
I'm actually taking the whole period and I can show that the vaccine didn't do shit.

[SPEAKER_05]
When you say the judges are confused, what does that mean?

[SPEAKER_07]
Well, we asked them, hey, where you're at?
And they don't kind of tell us.
But they said, well, we don't like this data.
We don't like this.
And we don't like that.
And Steve, your claim of one life lost per thousand is completely preposterous because it doesn't fit.
And then I point out that your calculation didn't multiply by 12.
And so I'm well within your bounds.
And he wrote back, OK, you're right.

[SPEAKER_05]
Oh, so you unconfused him.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, but the thing is that you don't know what's going through their head unless they tell you.
And so in these debates, it's nice to be able to talk to the judges and say, hey, where are you at, and what are you thinking, and why don't you like this evidence, and so forth.
Some of this evidence I have is from people like, hey, I lost 16 friends unexpectedly, and four of them died on the same day as the vaccine.

[SPEAKER_06]
Now, you can't find an anecdote like that.

[SPEAKER_07]
even if you tried.
But they said, Steve, you're a magnet for anecdotes and anecdotes don't mean anything because you're just cherry picking the anecdotes and you're finding these anecdotes that are there and I'm sure they're real, but they probably have an explanation like the four were hit by a truck after they got their vaccine.
And so all this great stuff,
that people have, like in workplaces, it's like the ratio is like 80 to one of workplaces where the vaccinated are getting COVID at a higher rate than the unvaccinated, 80 to one ratio.
And they'll say, Steve, that's just because you have anti-vaxxers who follow you.
And I'm saying, no, these are real people.
They work in highly vaccinated workplaces.
And this is what they're seeing.
They're not lying.
Because I told them I wanted to find out what the actual stats were.
And they'll write it off as a, well, that's an anecdote and your 5,000 people who answered the question, it's selection bias.

[SPEAKER_05]
How many rounds are left?
When can we expect a verdict?

[SPEAKER_07]
Four rounds are left and the rounds average are like five days or so.

[SPEAKER_05]
Okay, so we got a little time to go.
Pretty soon.
All right.
Pretty soon.
Well, I'm going to bring on our first guest who's become one of my favorite doctors in the medical and health freedom movement, Dr. Mary Talley-Boden.
Welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you?
Oh, you're muted.
Sorry, I need to get your unmute button.

[SPEAKER_03]
Sorry about that.

[SPEAKER_05]
No worries.

[SPEAKER_03]
Thanks for having me.

[SPEAKER_05]
I'm gonna read your bio before I leave you two to talk.
You are a board certified ear, nose and throat specialist with a passion for patient centered care and medical transparency.
A graduate of Stanford University School of Medicine, Dr. Bowden completed her residency at Yale New Haven Hospital, one of the most prestigious training programs in the country.
She is the founder of Breathe MD, a practice dedicated to empowering patients to take charge of their respiratory and overall health.
Dr. Bowden gained national recognition during the COVID-19 pandemic and her outspoken advocacy for early treatment protocols and her commitment to treating patients often neglected by mainstream health care systems.
Her dedication to medical freedom and informed consent has made her a trusted voice in public health discourse
And in addition to her clinical work, Dr. Bowden is a senior fellow with the FLCCC, a member of the AAPS and on the board of directors at the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation.
She is the founder of Americans for Health Freedom, a 501C4 that encourages and educates the public and our representatives to champion medical freedom for every individual.
Welcome back.
And I'm sure Mary has seen plenty of
patients who have been received the jab and are probably having some health issues.
I'm hoping you guys can dive into some of those anecdotes.
I'll be back for a Q&A a little later.
Take it away.

[SPEAKER_07]
All right, well, before we dive into your epic interview, tell me a little bit about your practice.
How many patients do you have in your practice?
Is it a stable practice, or are you just seeing the ENT cases, and so you don't see the same patient twice?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, yeah, I have probably about 8,000, 9,000 patients in my practice.
But as an ENT, it's a little different from a primary care doctor.
You know, you see people like a couple times usually, and then they may not come back because you're sort of fixing specialized problems.
But, you know, with COVID, my practice changed dramatically.
I started seeing nothing but COVID patients for a couple years, and then I started seeing the injuries roll in.
I looked at my new patient appointments in the two years following the rollout of the COVID shots, and 7% of my new patients were coming to see me for injuries from these shots.
never seen anything like it in 20 years of practice.
I mean, if you had an antibiotic and a new antibiotic that came on the market and you were seeing all those sorts of things, it would have been swept off the market long ago, right?
And yeah, these patients are very challenging.
None of them were reported of errors.
They'd seen multiple doctors, million dollar workup,
And a lot of them put most of them put on psychiatric medications.
And I have patients crying in my office on a regular basis, which as an ENT is not normal.
You know, we treat ear infections and tonsillitis and that sort of things.
You don't have a lot of people.
breaking down in tears as an ENT.
But I mean, I had two patients today start crying because they are so fed up with our system.
They are not getting listened to.
They're not getting heard.
They're made to feel like they're crazy.
And people are just highly frustrated.

[SPEAKER_07]
So it's interesting that you just said 7% new patients.
Is that right?

[SPEAKER_03]
Right.

[SPEAKER_07]
So isn't that interesting because the V-safe data showed that 8% of people who got the vaccine sought medical attention and only 80% or so people got the vaccine.
So that is very consistent with the V-safe data, which is very likely under reported.
I don't think it's ever over reported.
You can't report more cases than there are.
So it's always fundamentally under reported.
I think you said, I heard you say on on the interview something about there's that everybody you've seen who have a.
Like, how many vaccine injury patients have you seen?
Like, like, a 1000 or so.

[SPEAKER_03]
I don't, I have to go back and look.
It's been a while since I tabulated them.
I did that initial 7% figure and I need to go back and look.
But the consistent thing is none of them were reported to VAERS.
I mean, I will usually, I'm not the first one they've seen and yeah, there've been plenty of opportunities for other doctors to report them.
None of them were reported.
I reported all of them.

[SPEAKER_07]
Wow, so none and this is at 1000 so the reporting rate on the serious adverse events where you have to seek medical attention due to the vaccine.
Is probably on the order of less than 1 in 1000.
Would that would that be fair?

[SPEAKER_03]
I don't know if I've seen 1,000 vaccine-injured patients, but yes.
One in 800 or so.
None of the patients I saw.

[SPEAKER_07]
A fraction of 1%.

[SPEAKER_03]
I would say your odds are probably 0% that they were in life.
With a few exceptions, they could not find any doctor that was even willing to entertain the possibility that was from the COVID shot.
even though when you look at the onset of the symptoms, they're previously healthy, they get the shots, and then it's a downhill course pretty immediately after, there's no other explanation.
They've gotten all the tests they can get, they can't find what's going on.

[SPEAKER_07]
And the doctor says, we don't know what it is, but it's a coincidence.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right, right, right.

[SPEAKER_07]
That's the most likely explanation, because it couldn't be that safe and effective vaccine.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, and then they put them on antidepressants.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yes, which they probably need at that point.
What do you think the kill rate is for this vaccine?
Do you think it's like one in 10,000, one in a thousand, three in a thousand?
Do you have any idea?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, they say the serious adverse event is one in 800.
So, I don't know, one in 10,000?

[SPEAKER_07]
No, the v-safe data is eight per hundred.

[SPEAKER_03]
Oh, okay.
Well, where'd I get one in 800?
I know I saw that somewhere.

[SPEAKER_07]
I don't know where you're getting that from, but probably some misinformation, true misinformation spreader.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right, right.

[SPEAKER_07]
Not from me.

[SPEAKER_03]
I don't want to interrupt you, but I am curious about this debate that's going on because I thought it was going to be like an oral, you know, like a presidential debate.
What's going on with it all?
How does this work?

[SPEAKER_07]
It's in writing, so each party submits their papers and the judges say, well, we like this, we don't like this, we think this evidence is shit.
And we then resubmit our papers with the next set of arguments and add to it and say, well, I think you missed this and you miscalculated here.
this is significant because of this, and so forth.
So the goal at the end is to convince the judges that you're correct based on data that you present.
And the data is things like being published in a peer-reviewed journal, could be papers that are not published in a peer-reviewed journal because they consider themselves peer reviewers.
So that's good and any other evidence or analysis that that we want to put forward.
So, you know, I have this evidence that the vaccines actually.
The higher vaccinated regions died at a rate that's actually higher than the low vaccination regions and.
My opponent hasn't brought that up for some reason.
I can't understand why.
And there are no papers.
Did you notice there are no papers in the peer-reviewed literature that said, hey, we downloaded the CDC data, and here's what the CDC data shows.
It's available to everybody.
It's stunning.

[SPEAKER_03]
My big thing is the hospitals, they're all tied into this massive data collection system, Epic, and they have access to that data.
And shockingly, they never shared that with us, right?
That could have been on billboards all across the country about how great the vaccine was because they have all that data showing all the people who were in the hospital and how many lives, they never shared that.
And that's very telling.
They had the resources to do that.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, so I still haven't been able to find the name of a single workplace where people who got the COVID shots are getting COVID at lower rate than the people who are unvaccinated.
I've surveyed my readers on Substack, and I said, hey, if you actually work at a workplace where it's the reverse, where the vaccine is working, please comment below.
And then some guy criticized me saying, hey, you're not being fair.
You should say that it's important that people who say the opposite put it.
And I wrote back, I said, no, I'm not going to have a problem with that.
And every single comment,
was from workplaces where they saw people who were faxed having COVID at way higher rates, sometimes 20 times the rate of the unvaccinated.
I had one guy where it was a 20, 20, people were getting sick from COVID at 20 times higher rate than the unvaccinated.
Which kind of makes sense that it's way higher because I've been able to find a single anecdote.
So I went on the real truthers space last night and I solicited it.
I said, hey, I'm just looking for the anecdote where the success anecdote because there must be billions of them because this vaccine has been so beneficial.
It must be hard.
not to find an anecdote that goes the other way, but I seem to be just unlucky.
And they started with the ad hominem attacks immediately.
They say, well, surveys, that's not evidence.
What kind of quality of evidence is?
I'm just asking for a simple answer.
And I'm getting these personal attacks about, oh, well, let's talk about evidence.
Let's change the topic.
To anything else, but giving me the name of a workplace where the vaccinated got sequels.
Do you know of any workplace like that?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, no, I mean, and what I'm seeing, definitely seeing the people coming in with a lot of infections are the ones that have been getting the shots.
And then did you see the disability data that Ed Dowd recently posted, the newest disability claims?
I mean, skyrocketing.
Well, that's a great one.
Last week, I believe, he put out a graph.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yep.
Yeah, it's.
I'll make a note to add the.
This is like the Fred Fred report is skyrocketing like why is it skyrocketing was safe and effective but it probably doesn't help my.
Even though you and I would say, wow, all these people are disabled and some portion of those probably died.
The judges say, well, disabling doesn't count.
The thing could disable everyone because your bet is on mortality.
So it's actually irrelevant to my bet.
Yeah, it's unfortunate.
But they don't relate that some portion of people that are permanently disabled will end up dying.
And so there's no evidence to connect the rate.
I've done surveys which connect the rate, but then they'll write off those surveys because it's me who's doing the survey.
And it's really hard to get anybody who's unbiased.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, who are the judges?

[SPEAKER_07]
The judges are two scientists who have a combined H index of around 120.
So they're very respectable people and we're keeping them quiet so there's no external pressure put on them to decide when we are the other.

[SPEAKER_03]
Do you think they're capable of being impartial?

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, I do.

[SPEAKER_03]
Good.
So that comes out that finishes next.
When did you say it finishes?

[SPEAKER_07]
Probably in like 20 days or so.
It should be done by 30 days tops.
So let's talk about your interview.
Callie Means, he's not a doctor.
What is he?
What are his credentials?

[SPEAKER_03]
Good question.
Well, he was a pharmaceutical lobbyist.
He, I asked him, you know, are you on the Kennedy campaign?
No.
Um, but he seems to be have a very tight connection with Kennedy and Trump because he was the one that orchestrated the call between RFK and Trump and which convinced RFK to drop out of the race.
So that's sort of the myth.
Who is Cali?
How is he so well connected?
How did he become so famous so quickly?
That was sort of the point of our Inquisition.
He waffled back and forth between I'm really not in the know to yes, I am in the know.
But I think the fact that he has Trump and RFK on his cell phone and can call both of them means that he's got some pretty powerful connections.

[SPEAKER_07]
And so I tried to reach out to him after his interview on Tucker Carlson.
And I didn't hear a word.
I said I wanted to ask him about vaccines.
He avoids that like the plague.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, and I remember trying to, I think I tried to connect you with Casey, his sister, and I reached out to Casey because we both are ENTs.
We both went to Stanford.
I was very friendly.
I was not confrontational.
And this was before my antenna were up.
So I was just trying to.
i don't know connect and she ignored me and then when she ignored me then my antenna went up and so then i started digging into her post and callie's post i'm like huh they don't they say absolutely nothing about covid about the covid shots it's kind of surprising given you know they've got these huge microphones
Lips are sealed.

[SPEAKER_07]
How can we be so articulate about all these health issues and be completely silent about the COVID vaccine?

[SPEAKER_03]
Right, right.
And so I called them, I did a call to action on X and I said, I hope Callie and Casey Means will use their influence to call for the COVID shots to be pulled off the market.
And that's when Callie started to engage with me.
And we actually had a couple of phone calls that were pretty heated and he would not go, yeah.
And he called me and he did not like me calling him out like that.
I just could not get him to go on record saying the COVID shot should be pulled off the market.
And then when we had that interview, you saw that he would not state that.
He's willing to state that mandates are wrong.
But that's the safe thing for everybody to say right now.
It's very easy to say mandates are wrong.
And three years ago, I mean, that's why I got canceled just for saying mandates are wrong.
That's why they took me down.
So it actually gives me hope because I know that it may take a few more years, but eventually it will not be radical to say the COVID shot should be pulled off the market, just like it's no longer radical to say that mandates are wrong.
Everybody agrees that now, but it just took a couple of years.
So I am optimistic that we will get there.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, so the big question is whether MAGA, like there are two schools of thought here.
One is that MAGA is being hijacked and being diverted into food.
The other school of thought says they're just doing this so that RFK can get confirmed.
So it's not a controversial thing.
And then we'll see the truth start to come out.
Which one do you think of the two?

[SPEAKER_03]
I go back and forth.
Yeah, I guess my after that interview with Cali, I almost think he's sort of
naive, maybe it doesn't sound like he suffered during COVID.
So he didn't, you know, I think like if I hadn't gotten punched in the face, I don't know that I would be as awake as I am now.
But it was because I was seeing everything firsthand and then they attacked me.
It just, you know, I see things so much differently.
So I'm tempted to give him the benefit of the doubt and just say he's just not quite fully awake.
OK, he's he's young.
He's ambitious.
He's he's groomed.
He's a product of his environment.
Right.
He's he's grown up in this surrounded by fake people and politicians.
And and as a as a lobbyist, he's he's very slick.
But, you know, there's that seed of doubt, but maybe it's all orchestrated.
It's a misdirection strategy.
It's very tactical.
But we will know very soon.

[SPEAKER_07]
We'll find out.
Yeah.
When does Kennedy come up for confirmation, you know?

[SPEAKER_03]
January, that's all I know.

[SPEAKER_07]
Okay, so when did you get red-pilled?
Before these COVID vaccines rolled out, did you get any of these safe and effective vaccines?
And if not, why not?
Did you know ahead of time that, oh, shit, this doesn't sound good?
What was your thinking right before the shots rolled out?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, I got COVID very early on.
I took hydroxychloroquine.
It worked wonderfully.
So I had this sort of sense of, I had no fear about COVID at all.
And then, you know, I had privileges at Houston Methodist.
They were the first hospital to mandate the COVID shots.
They did it five months before Biden.
It was April of 2021.
And I had serious doubts, but at the time I was thinking, well, this thing is probably not going to work.
But I didn't foresee the dangers.
But I wasn't I really didn't want to get it.
I the deadline was approaching.
I had to sort of spur the moment, screw it, I'm just gonna go do it.
So I drove to a grocery store and I signed in on the clipboard and then I waited in line and I got really impatient because it was taking forever and I just left.
And I never went back.

[SPEAKER_07]
I never went back.

[SPEAKER_03]
I know, I mean.

[SPEAKER_07]
Oh man, you just dodged a bullet.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yes, I dodged a bullet.

[SPEAKER_07]
oh my god it's like the matrix you know where he's going back and bullet goes over him yeah no it was um so that was very fortuitous good for you i um

[SPEAKER_03]
You know, and just the more I saw at first, I just saw they weren't working because I was because I was seeing so many COVID patients.
I knew who was vaccinated and who wasn't.
And then.

[SPEAKER_07]
Oh, so so tell me, tell me how well did it work?
Did you get the impression that it actually that you were seeing a higher portion of vaccinated people with COVID?

[SPEAKER_03]
Right, so what I was seeing, and I was doing a lot of testing too, and I was tracking everybody, and what I found was that the vaccinated outnumbered the unvaccinated in terms of who was testing positive, and that they were just as sick, if not sicker.
So I was tracking it all and I actually brought it to the attention of Methodist.
I was collaborating with them.
I was sharing my data with them because as a solo practitioner, I really didn't have the resources to do studies and publish it and all that, but I had all this data.
So I reached out to them saying, help me publish this data.
And then when this started happening, I said, hey, are you seeing what I'm seeing?
Like what's going on?
And I just got this one sentence answer
Well, we think that the shots lower the severity.
That was it.
And so that's when I started speaking out on X and then they canceled me because I started speaking out on X.

[SPEAKER_07]
So were you noticing that infections were going, were like twice as high or like 10% higher or it could even quantify that?

[SPEAKER_03]
I could go back and really quantify it, but I just remember at the time, and it was pretty hectic I mean this was the third and largest surge of the pandemic this summer 2021, which was following the rollout the coven shot so it was very surprising that we were seeing this massive.
Influx of cobit patients, and they were really sick and that was when all the.
And they were mostly vaccinated, meaning they were vaccinated at a rate that's higher than the background say, like, 90% were vaccinated, but I just remember like, okay, this is not working.
Like, these people, it doesn't seem to making a bit of difference.
that and, you know, I also attracted a lot of unvaccinated patients to begin with, just so I don't know, my numbers may have been biased a bit, but.

[SPEAKER_07]
Right.
But if anything, they were biased, they were biased the other way because you were you were the person speaking out about the vaccine.
So you tend to get more of the unvaccinated.
So the fact that you're seeing so many vaccinated patients suggests that it wasn't working.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right, right.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_07]
So you never at any time got the feeling that this vaccine actually worked for people?

[SPEAKER_03]
No, no.
And I remember I had a conversation with an ICU doctor, because I was wondering, I'm like, what are you seeing?
Like, what are you seeing?
Like, are you seeing the same thing?
Oh, yeah, the vaccine's working.
Well, that doctor changed his tune.
He eventually said, oh, no, no.
but yeah and you know I'm outpatient so I'm not seeing the people that but I did see a lot of people that should have gone to the hospital but wouldn't and so they came to my office and they were really sick I mean like I had one guy oxygen level 68 percent he had a history of two heart attacks throat cancer I mean he was
I had to basically allow him to die, you know, because he would not go to the hospital.
But I said, I mean, we saved him.
I mean, it was crazy.
It was, and it wasn't, we didn't have monoclonal antibodies because they shut down monoclonal antibodies.
right when things really hit the fan.
And that was right before Biden mandated the COVID shots.
They shut down the monoclonal antibodies.
It was all orchestrated.
And then at the same time that he mandated the shots, shut down the monoclonal antibodies.
And that's the way all these people ended up.
It was the fall of 2021.
That's when I patient, the wife reached out to me, trying to get her husband, Iver mentioned suing the hospital and hospital wouldn't let him get it.
And it was a big saga ended up getting me reported the medical board, but that all happened around the same time.

[SPEAKER_07]
How many coven patients have you treated over 6,000?
That is a, that's a lot.
And do you know how many of them were vaccinated?

[SPEAKER_03]
I kind of just stopped calculating everything.
Is it in your EMR system?
I could find the, I could go back and get it all.
It's just, it would take, I don't have Epic.
I don't have a traditional EMR.
I have a computer program, but it's not like, it's not, I can't just put a code in and have everything pop up.
It's a little more complicated.
But for a while I was tracking it and then I just got overwhelmed with life and stopped.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, you know, the funny thing is that there are two kinds of doctors.
One, there's the one who have EPIC and you're not allowed to do any queries other than to talk, look up your own patient.
So you can't do any medical research.
So that's all hidden from you.
And then there are the sole practitioners.
And the sole practitioners have these EMR systems that are really out of date and they don't record the stuff.
So we have these, all of these,
medical doctors, and the data is hidden from view, unavailable to misinformation spreaders and anybody else in the public who wants to look at that data to find out what is really going on.
And of course, the CDC doesn't track it either.
And so, you know, we're left to wonder, which is why we're having this debate to try to settle this issue.
Uh, but it does highlight, you know, how it's like impossible to get this, uh, reliable data.
And I talked to someone who works at a hospital and, and, and she said, you know, in our system, the definition of unvaccinated is that you were not vaccinated in the hospital.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right.

[SPEAKER_07]
And then you're sorry.
Very what?

[SPEAKER_03]
It's money, right?
It just depends on how you record the data.
Right.
And then.
yeah it's but yeah that epic they could anonymize the data just like all these health trackers right they gather all our data and they share it all over the place but they just yes take your name off of it and to legitimize it the epic could do the same thing yeah and they always say that well we want to protect patient privacy that's way more important like if you knew

[SPEAKER_07]
Like, suppose I told you that an 89-year-old who was vaccinated died in California on January 8th.
If there was one person who died, you can't get that out of the medical systems because they said that's a privacy violation, because if we told you one person died, you'd know exactly who it was, and that would violate the privacy.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right, right.

[SPEAKER_07]
You can't make this stuff up.
It's so absurd that this information is hidden away.
And I had a conversation last night with one of the health authorities in America.
And she said that she has all this data.
And I said, hey, is there anywhere I can get a hold of it?
And she said, no, no, no, no, no, we don't want to make it public.
And so it's pretty sad.
So tell me more about the interview.
Is there anything else that people should know about your interview?
You know, any kind of takeaways from any any conclusions or to get any flack for standing up for the vaccine?

[SPEAKER_03]
I got frantic.
I got so I was on when it hit.
I was on vacation, I was on a ski trip and I'd been skiing all day and I got home and there were five frantic phone calls from trying to connect me with somebody pretty powerful, who I will not name, but somebody who's elected and, you know, basically, I mean,
Yeah, I did call this person and have a very nice conversation with him.
But obviously the point of him calling was don't, you know, don't rock the boat we can't risk RFK not getting confirmed as if, as if I'm responsible.
is this interview going all over the internet is going to take down RFK and not get them confirmed.
That was the message that I got, not just from this person, but from a lot of the MAHA

[SPEAKER_07]
You know, people don't want to rock the.
So the thinking is don't rock the boat.
Let's let's not jeopardize our case chances.
It's really important that he gets once he gets in, then he can do the boat rocking.
But beforehand, let's let's not rock the boat.
You know, which makes sense.
I don't think that interview is going to take them down.

[SPEAKER_03]
I'm just saying that their reaction makes sense.
They're on our side, but they also have to

[SPEAKER_07]
to come to grips with the fact that there are a lot of people who still believe these vaccines are safe and effective.
Speaking of which, I'm really curious about your peers.
Like, do you talk to your other ENT peers or are you like persona non grata?

[SPEAKER_03]
I was kicked off.
So prior to coven I was on this online forum, it's the American Academy of otolaryngology head and neck, you know, it was sort of the professional chat room, and they kicked me off when I when Methodist went after me.
And I recently got back on because I do like it.
I like bouncing off things, you know, problems, unusual things with colleagues.
It's an important resource to have.
You don't run into these rare things.
And I've been tipped, I've sort of tiptoed back on there, but.
Yeah, I haven't received.
Yeah, I do think there are more doctors out there than we realize.
They don't want to be on social media.
They don't want to be called out.
But I haven't seen some huge transformation.
I haven't gotten any apologies.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, I was just about to ask you that whether you've gotten any apologies.
Like, I still haven't gotten not a single apology from anyone.
All this stuff is coming out like the Pfizer, like this Pfizer trial for pregnant women, which they canceled because they couldn't recruit enough, but they published their preliminary data showing a four times
increase in infant abnormalities.
four times increase?
Like who would want to take a shot like that?
And so Jeffrey, Professor Jeffrey Morris from UPenn writes back, here's Kerscher just cherry picking these adverse events.
Look at all the benefits you get from these vaccines.
So what if your child has a four times higher risk of deformities?
That's nothing in comparison to the huge benefits.
I'm going like, wait a minute, wait a minute.
So in fact, is that a safe vaccine yet?
You think that's a safe vaccine, huh?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, and I mean, pregnant, I mean, I was scared to eat sliced turkey during my pregnancy, right?
You're so, I mean, I'm scared.
Like, I'm very cautious about prescribing antibiotics to patients if they're pregnant.
I mean, it's very, you really want to do as little as possible.
Right.
MRNA shots, ugh, it's just.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, so in the meantime, the CDC is like, we recommend these shots even though we don't have any data because they couldn't recruit enough patients.
It's safe unless proven otherwise.
I think that's how they operate at the FDA for vaccines.
It's really quite stunning.

[SPEAKER_03]
It's also stunning that they are still recommending all babies get three mRNA shots by the time they're nine months old.
Unbelievable.
That should be our fight message because it's very hard to defend that.
I don't care how brainwashed you are.
And that's one thing I said to Callie.
I'm like, are you going to give your child the shot?

[SPEAKER_07]
Oh, that's a great question.

[SPEAKER_03]
I know.
What did you say?
Oh, no.
I'm like, well, why not?
And he's like, well, I think the risk outweighed the benefit.
I'm like, well, then what about your dad?
Is your dad going to get the COVID shot?
Oh, no.
I'm like, well, then who should get the COVID shot, right?
Who is the great candidate for these COVID shots?

[SPEAKER_07]
Peter Hotez would be the best, actually.
We've talked about that.

[SPEAKER_03]
I think all people with these big microphones need to be asked, like, are you getting any more COVID shots?
Are you giving them to their children?
And if not, why not?
And you know it's because they have safety concerns.
And if they're not safe enough for you and they're not safe enough for your children, how are they safe enough for anybody else?

[SPEAKER_07]
Right.
And how come they're not taking my bet on the million-dollar bet?
If they're so safe and effective, then there's a free million dollars.
Why not take my money?
So has anybody ever tapped you on the shoulder saying, Hey, Mary, you're right.
You know, go girl, you know, good for you for, for doing the fight here, but I don't want to have my medical license taken away.
Has anyone can, you know, you know, whisper to you, Hey, keep doing what you're doing.
I, but I can't publicly support you.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yes.
Well, so I have a podcast now and I've asked some, uh,
few people who are under the radar to come on and they won't do it.

[SPEAKER_07]
Not going to jeopardize their career.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_07]
Let somebody else do it.
It's so the, it's the, the lack of any
you know, conviction and it's, it's just insane that people are saying, okay, my job's more important.
Let people die, not my fault.
Let people have autism.
One last question here, because I see Livio has joined the conversation, but one last question.
Vaccines in general.
Now that your eyes are open to the COVID vaccine, have you also come to the realization that all these vaccines, their risk benefit ratio is quite suspect because every single study of the totally unvaccinated versus the totally vaccinated shows that the totally unvaccinated are way healthier.

[SPEAKER_03]
Definitely.
I do not envy young mothers right now having to have that fight with their pediatricians.
Because I will never get another quote unquote vaccine again, and I won't give them to my kids.
And I get this question all the time, like, should I get these shots?
I'm like, well, this is what you should know.
I mean, we just don't have the data.
We don't have the studies.
I assumed we had all that data, and obviously,
COVID taught me a lot.
And now that I realize that data is not there, then it's hard for me to recommend that you get any of them until we have that data.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah.
Until recently, and I was the one who disclosed this, I disclosed the record level data from the Czech Republic on the COVID vaccine in the Czech Republic.
It's never been done before for any vaccine ever in human history.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_07]
Isn't that amazing?
I guess we must have better health outcomes if we keep the record level data secret.
Exactly.
There's something wrong here.

[SPEAKER_03]
You can't sue them no matter what.
There's no recourse.

[SPEAKER_07]
There should be clicking some people's critical thinking skills here.
All right, Livio.

[SPEAKER_05]
Some anecdotal stories I've been experiencing from my Provax friends who I've recently asked, so are you still getting the boosters?
Are you still getting jabbed?
100%.
No.
I'm like, why?
And well, I just don't feel like I need it.
And it's not because they're listening to me or anything, and it's not like I'm telling them not to.
But you hear the propaganda from Hotez saying things like, it's the anti-vaxxers that are causing people to have vaccine hesitancy.
But what I'm experiencing is they're real world experiencing.
They're having chronic illnesses.
They're seeing their friends and family possibly even die.
And they've decided they've had enough that they don't need it.
So there's this propaganda war going on out there.
From the Peter Hotez's of the world.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yep.
Still trying to push those shots.

[SPEAKER_05]
Before we bring on Michael, I want to actually remind people if you have questions, we are going to have audience Q&A after Michael comes on to put your questions in the chat all caps.
And I'll try to get to as many questions as possible.
And I wanted to ask you both a quick censorship question.
We've all seen recently that X has reversed their free speech and now saying, well, if you say something negative, we're going to change the algorithms.
And then Meta is like, oh, it's a free for all.
What do you experience?
Because Mary, I follow you on X and you're prolific now.
And I'm curious if you're seeing some changes.
And also, Steve, I saw your post on Facebook.
What do you think about all this?

[SPEAKER_07]
Really, I posted.
It's the first time I posted on Facebook since the pandemic.
Cause I didn't want to get canceled when I said, let's see if this post, which mentions the vaccine gets deleted.
And that was it.

[SPEAKER_05]
I was stunned to see it.
I was like, Oh my God, I hadn't seen you on Facebook since it's a long time.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
I feel like in the last week, my, the algorithm has changed.
I don't feel like I'm getting the traction.
That could be wrong.
I don't know.
I also haven't really been posting as much this week.
On X and then Facebook.
I mean, I, I don't, I'm, I'm rarely on Facebook.
I have somebody that posts videos on there, but I don't actually post thoughts on there anymore.
Um, and I think it's complete BS that Mark Zuckerberg is acting all innocent and like he's a changed man and I am not ready to forgive him whatsoever.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
I don't trust them either.
All right.

[SPEAKER_07]
Is there a way you can view your social credit score on X on X?

[SPEAKER_05]
Do they have that rating yet?
That rank, that number, because I believe that might be what they might be heading towards.

[SPEAKER_03]
You can grok, you can do use grok to find out how negative or positive you are.
So I did that.

[SPEAKER_07]
I was a negative to a negative.
What question do you ask?

[SPEAKER_03]
It's, uh, I'll have to find something like grok.
What is my reputational score on X or I can go back and look, but it's something along those lines.

[SPEAKER_07]
I'm asking right now.
What do you, anybody want to predict what, uh, what do you think?

[SPEAKER_05]
Negative 22.
Yeah.
You're going to have to start putting pictures of your cat before every post Steve.
That might help a little bit.
Steve, while you look that up.

[SPEAKER_07]
Oh, so here it is.
Livia, I got the answer.

[SPEAKER_05]
Go for it.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah.
Based on posts found on X, your reputation score, often referred to as an X score, would be roughly around 38 out of 100.
That seems to be the common theme, 38.
Okay, this score reflects a balance where your engagement is appreciated, but the nature of your posts and interactions might not align well with the platform's broader community standards or expectations.

[SPEAKER_05]
She might not align well, huh?

[SPEAKER_07]
Might not align.

[SPEAKER_05]
You might need to go to a chiropractor, Steve, and get some alignment going on.
Yeah, maybe, there you go.
A social media chiropractor.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, maybe you should just start posting.
What I should do is flip over, start promoting the vaccine and seeing if I can raise my score.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, that'd be interesting.

[SPEAKER_05]
That would be interesting to see that.
All right, I'm gonna bring on our next guest, Michael Cain, Teachers for Choice.
How are you, sir?
Welcome to VSRF Live.
Doing well.
It's great to see you again, Livio.
It's been too long.
Yeah, it's been a while since we've been in like near proximity where people come up to me and think that I'm Michael Cain.

[SPEAKER_06]
You know, that's funny.
I was just doing dishes watching this right before I popped on and my wife saw you.
She went, Oh my God, that's scary.

[SPEAKER_05]
Like the two of you guys.
Right.
Yeah.
I get mistaken for you often.
I'm going to read your bio before we continue.
Michael is a passionate educator, advocate, and founder of Teachers for Choice, an organization dedicated to fighting for medical freedom and informed consent in the education sector.
As a veteran teacher with over 15 years of experience in the New York City public school system, Michael has been at the forefront of defending the rights of educators, students, and parents in the face of mandates and policies that infringe upon personal freedoms.
Under his leadership, Teachers for Choice has grown into a powerful grassroots movement
uniting educators, health care professionals, and concerned citizens who believe in the fundamental right of bodily autonomy and freedom of choice.
Michael has been instrumental in organizing rallies, legal challenges, and public awareness campaigns, including the upcoming Maha Rally in Albany, New York, which aims to amplify the voices of those advocating for medical and educational freedom.
I don't know anyone more committed and harder working in this movement than you, sir.
So thank you for all the work that you do and for being here tonight.
Thanks for that wonderful introduction, Livio.
I appreciate it.
Absolutely.
Should we start with the Maha rally that's coming up?

[SPEAKER_06]
Can you tell us what's going on here?
Yeah, I greatly appreciate it.
Tuesday, January 14th, we are going to the state capitol in New York, Albany, New York.
We have an amazing lineup.
Del Bigtree is headlining Mary Holland from Children's Health Defense.
Tricia Lindsay, Bobby Anne Cox,
Shannon Joy, Dr. James Lyons-Wyler, and many, many more amazing people are come to speak.
And what's important is there's a lot of excitement around what's happening in D.C., and there should be.
Bobby Kennedy finally breaking in to the establishment, heading the health agencies, if everything goes right.
We should be excited.
We should be happy about that.
But the majority of laws that impact medical freedom do not come from the federal government.
They come from the state houses.
So we need to make sure we continue to engage our local elected politicians.
This is something Dr. Bowden knows very, very well about.
That's where you got to go.
You got to go to the elected, not just federal, but also on the state level and get them to commit, get them to sign their name to pledges, get them to sponsor good legislation.
And one of the things I want to say is we've been on the defense here in New York for a very long time.
In 2019, we lost the religious exemption of vaccination for children.
26,000 kids got kicked out of public and private school in New York because of that.
And since that happened, I've been working with my partner, John Gilmore of Autism Action Network.
And we're constantly going up to Albany and reminding people, you cannot forget about this place.
These politicians want to be forgotten about.
They want you to not think about them.
And then they secretly pass the worst possible stuff that they don't post on their Twitter,
They don't have press releases.
They do it in backroom deals and they want to steal our rights from us without us knowing.
So that's why it's so important.
Everybody can go to the teachers for choice sub stack teachers for choice dot sub stack dot com and all the info is there and we're going to have a zoom tomorrow night.
to go over all the details.
We have buses from New York City and Long Island that are gonna go up.
And I strongly suggest anybody in the New York area, in New England, Pennsylvania, Connecticut, Vermont, Massachusetts, if you could come, you should.
First off, it's a top notch speaker lineup.
But also what happens in New York spreads.
That's the truth.
Bad ideas spread from New York rapidly.
And if you're in a deep blue state, that's gonna happen to you as well too.
So support this.
in any way that you can, please.

[SPEAKER_05]
There's a name in the bill, right?
Aren't they calling it the RFK bill?
Can you give us a little insight on why and what that is?

[SPEAKER_06]
So that's very important.
There is a bill that's been in Albany for five or six years.
We've beaten it every single year.
It's often been referred to as the mandatory adult vaccine database bill.
That is an accurate title.
for this bill.
It wants to track you, it wants to track every injection that anybody gets, but what it really wants to know is who's not getting them.
That's really what it's going to track, because if it tracks everybody that gets every shot in the state and is an adult, de facto it tracks those who say no.
The sponsor of this bill, Brad Hoylman, just changed the name to the RFK Junior Act.
That's the name that he's using.
And what he said in his press release is that with this tragedy that is happening in DC with Bobby Kennedy,
We need to protect our data on the local level.
We need to protect the health integrity we have in New York on the local level.
Just today, Richard Gale from Gary Noll's show, he's a producer and scholar that works with Gary Noll, sent me an article that I've shared with a lot of contacts that Dr. Peter Hotez has just come out and he has called for
Focus on local data, that that's one of the main goals for 2025 and moving forward.
So you see this alignment from a local politician in New York, Brad Hoylman, who's a big pharma puppet.
He's never met a pharmaceutical he didn't love and shoot over the moon for.
This guy on the local level is aligned with Peter Hotez.
Peter Hotez fronts for Gates and others on the globalist international agenda.
If they feel like they've lost Washington DC, they're coming to the states.
They're coming to your local.
They're not sleeping.
These guys have billions and billions and billions of dollars.
They're not just saying, oh, well, we lost now.
No, no, no, no.
That's not what's happening.
They have plans.
They're implementing those plans.
And if we don't counter those plans, we could have a golden age in America and New York
California, Oregon, Washington state, we could be dead in the water.
So that's what people really need to realize.
And I challenge everybody, especially where there's Democrat super majorities, go to your state house, talk to your elected officials, what bills are up, not just mandate bills, not just COVID bills.
What about data?
Check this out too.
We just found a bill in New York that's a little on the side for us, but it's still important.
In the childhood vaccine,
database in New York, they want to start tracking asthma rates.
Sounds great, right?
We want to know where these poor kids are affected by asthma.
But why is the vaccine database now tracking new medical information?
Watch out for this.
Even in red states, wherever you are, watch out for the data grab.
That's one of the biggest things.
I don't trust Democrats or Republicans on this.
We have to have our eyes on this.
They've said data is the new oil.
And we're seeing this happen from so many different angles.
So while I'm ecstatic that Bobby Kennedy is poised to have the position that he has, I fully, fully support it.
I think we're going to see great things from it.
Do not go to sleep.
That is not what we need now.
We need active people like everybody on this call and everybody that's watching this now.
What's going on at your state house?
What's happening in your states?
It's very important for us to all stay on top of this.

[SPEAKER_07]
Great.
So you've been vaccinated, Michael.

[SPEAKER_06]
That's the funniest thing I've heard all day.
So I have not received any vaccine since I turned 18 and started making medical decisions for myself.
And I filed for a religious exemption to vaccination in New York as a special ed teacher because I have always opposed vaccination for myself on philosophical levels, let alone all of the other things, Steve, that Mary, that you guys are experts on.
And my religious exemption was denied multiple times and we are still in court backed by Children's Health Defense moving over that now.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah.
Wow.
And do you teach autistic kids?

[SPEAKER_06]
I have taught some.
I didn't teach exclusively autistic kids, but I've taught all across the gamut, you know, all types of things from kids that are more work study and not taught to the standards to kids in collaborative settings that do get a traditional degree but need extra help.
It was when I was 64 that I first found out about this stuff and my eyes were open, but your eyes got opened when you were 18.

[SPEAKER_07]
What happened?
It was a whole collaboration of things, but the main thing was that I was a teacher.
I was a teacher.
I was a teacher.
I was a teacher.
I was a teacher.
I was a teacher.
I was a teacher.
I was a teacher.
I was a teacher.
I was a teacher.
I was a teacher.
I was a teacher.

[SPEAKER_06]
My father started to get healthier and change things in his life.
And he said to me, Mike, you got to listen to this guy on the radio.
I said, who's that?
He said, it's Dr. Gary Null.
You have to listen to him.
And he was on the radio in New York City.
I live in New York.
I grew up in New York my whole life.
And I was kind of like, you know, I'm 18, 19 years old.
I was like a wild, crazy kid.
I'm like, yeah, whatever.
But somehow I started listening.
You know, somehow I started listening and I learned a lot of things.
Dr. Null's been doing
uh, issues on vaccine safety for over 40 years and also talking about religious exemptions and the philosophical beliefs, uh, that various people of various faiths have, uh, in opposition, uh, to, to the whole philosophy behind vaccination.
So yeah, I got very lucky.
And then some 17 years ago on Gary's show, I was like, who's this Kennedy that seems to know so much about vaccination.
And of course that was Robert Kennedy Jr.
The first time I realized, wow, there's a Kennedy that's actually
involved in educating on this.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And Steve, I just want to say thank you so much for bringing me on, for making your audience aware of this.
You know, back with Defeat the Mandates is when I first met Livio and you and all the planning we did around this.
You have me on almost every year to promote this to people.
God bless you and the work that you do.
Dr. Bowden, you as well too.
You know, you guys are an extended family for me.
This isn't something that is ending anytime soon.
We got a lot of work to do and God bless you all for this.
Thanks so much for everything that you all do.

[SPEAKER_05]
Thank you.
Yeah, thank you.
Yeah, and I agree with you.
I don't think this is the word.
We're just getting started again now, even though there's a transition happening in the administration.
We cannot let our foot off the pedal.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, I agree.
And I think we're gonna have some big wins in Albany.
We also have a number of bills that are in a slate that we're calling the human rights agenda.
That's all designed to bring back rights that we have been taken away from us.
I'll just say two, one is the let us work bill to bring back fired New York City workers who are unvaccinated.
And the other one is the education for all bill to reinstate the medical exemption of vaccination for children.
They're literally kicking out medically fragile children from school.

[SPEAKER_05]
in new york that's how sick new york is now but we're going on the offense we're not just going to defend rights we're still holding on to we're going to take back rights that are ripped away from us so a lot of good stuff is ahead for us yeah just a reminder monday january 14 10 a.m in albany new york if you are anywhere in the region uh come support this uh important rally i know michael will be there and i'm planning to be there along with dell and
John Gilmore and Tricia Lindsay and everyone that you mentioned.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, a lot of great people.
Unfortunately, guys, my six year old is actually screaming at me.
Hopefully you didn't hear it on the mic.
I got a six and a four year old and it's getting loud up there.
So I think I'm going to jump off.

[SPEAKER_05]
Can I ask one question from the audience?
I know you got to go quick and it's an important question.
Will the rally be live on YouTube or any other platform?

[SPEAKER_06]
Not a hundred percent confirmed yet, but there's some big shows out there in our movement that Dell Big Tree puts on.
There's a chance that it'll be there.
So we're working on that.

[SPEAKER_05]
Okay.

[SPEAKER_06]
So what's a website that people can go and just in case it's to the teachers for choice, substack, go to teachers for choice.substack.com.
This is the main news we post every day.
We'll have the updates of everything you need to know.

[SPEAKER_05]
Great.
And there's a zoom call tomorrow night.
I understand as well.
If you want to get even more information.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yep, and you get that at the Substack as well too.

[SPEAKER_05]
Great, thank you for coming on Michael.
Go tend to your little one.
I will, thanks so much, bye.
Mary, we've got questions for you.
Thank you for hanging on.
I'm gonna start with the first one from Emerson BT.
Aren't the Mean Siblings focusing on healthy food?
And what is wrong with that?
They picked a lane that is worthwhile.

[SPEAKER_03]
I have told Cali multiple times, privately and publicly, that I wholeheartedly support his message.
The problem is he does not support mine.
That's the rift.
I believe that yes, the food is an issue.
I think the COVID shots are more pressing and dangerous issue at this point in time.
And if we don't address what happens with the pandemic now, it will never happen.
And I think it's very odd that they have completely left that out of their repertoire of things to talk about.
As I told Callie, I mean, my main focus is coded, but I do talk about other health issues that I authentically feel.
You know, I have opinions about like, gender transitioning, Jennifer modification and miners.
That's not my main focus, but I do speak out about it because I authentically.
have, you know, a visceral disgust for that.
So it's the same thing.
I mean, he doesn't, I don't expect this whole message to be COVID, but he's got this gigantic microphone.
He's got this huge influence.
And for him to say absolutely, you know, to not talk about it is just odd.

[SPEAKER_07]
It is some of these people, by the way, don't touch the third rail because they don't want to get the platform.
Right.
So he'll lose followers if he touches the third rail.
Right.
We saw this with I remember.
I think I can talk about this now, but with Pierre Cori, right?
Pierre Cori was like, ivermectin, ivermectin, early treatment, blah, blah, blah.
Let's not talk about vaccines.
And I kept saying, Pierre, you gotta bring this stuff up.
This is like, people are dying.
He says, no, no, no, I gotta stay focused here because if I touch the vaccine rail, I'm gonna die, right?
And I mean, you can quite say that, but you get the drift.

[SPEAKER_03]
And we talked about that on the interview.
I think Danny asked him, is this just part of a strategy?
Are you just trying to stay safe so you don't get canceled?
And Cal was like, oh no, no, no, it's not anything.
That's just from the heart, from the heart.
Food is from our heart.
Well, yeah, that's just.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, but he avoids the issue.
He avoids talking about the issue.

[SPEAKER_03]
And he has all the data.
I mean, he, he acted like he didn't have all the data.
So I gave him the data before the call.
You gave it to him or after I gave it to him on X it's on, it's on, we've got it on, on the record, on public record.
I shared with him as much data as I could, enough data, uh, to support the things I was saying during the podcast.
Um, I didn't get a response.
I don't think.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_05]
Question from Welcome the Eagle.
First, you are the bomb.
Second, do you think Callie Means' mother possibly died from a Vax?
Cruz was speaking in code.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, that was sort of an uncomfortable part of the interview because yeah, Cruz has his mother's death certificate, okay?
He did not disclose what was on that death certificate during the podcast because at one point, and I think Danny edited this out,
But Callie almost left the interview he pushed back is like okay and it was regarding his mother which I you know that that's a pretty touchy subject and.
yeah I can't speculate because I just but.
Jack made a convincing argument, but again, without having that death certificate, I don't really want to guess.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
It's a touchy subject when you're dealing with someone's parents and mother specifically in this case.
Question from Mox 88, not sure if you can answer this, but and this might be for both.
How many unvaxxed are affected by spike shedding?

[SPEAKER_03]
I do think it's real, but yeah.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_05]
It's hard to calculate that, but you, you think, um, it's real.

[SPEAKER_03]
I think, yeah, I don't think, I mean, I don't know that we should all be worried excessively about it.
You know, I, I do think it's real.
I just don't know how concerned to be about it.

[SPEAKER_05]
And is that something that you think happens?
after a certain period of time after getting the jab or is it indefinitely?
What are you seeing as far as how long it might happen?

[SPEAKER_03]
I measure COVID antibody levels in a lot of people.
And what I'm seeing is that these COVID antibody levels are sky high, even if they haven't gotten shots in a very long time.
So that makes you think, and it's a muddy test, it's not a direct test for spike proteins, an indirect measure.
So when the COVID antibody levels are high, it
the assumption is that there's a high level spike protein in the body.
And you would think after time that that level would go down.
But what I'm seeing is that's not necessarily the case.
So these people that haven't gotten a shot in a couple of years, yet their antibody levels are still really high, it suggests that they're still producing spike protein in their body.
And anything that you produce like that in your body can potentially leak out of the body through exosomes.
So yeah, it'd be one thing if you got the shot and then, and I don't say, I'm not really seeing a lot of COVID now.
So it's not like you can say, oh, well, they're getting reinfected.
If they got the shot and then the COVID antibodies just started drifting down and then basically sort of stayed on the lower level, that'd be one thing.
But if their COVID antibody levels are staying really high and they're not getting COVID,
It just suggests that there's still a little spike protein factory going on in the body.

[SPEAKER_05]
Do you get concerned at all when you treat vaccinated or jabbed patients about that at all?

[SPEAKER_03]
For myself?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
Being around them in close proximity.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
I mean, I don't know.
As a doctor, you're exposed.
I mean, I, you know, I'm swimming in disease all day long.
You just, you don't really.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah.
That's what I figured.
Have you gotten COVID?
How many times have you gotten COVID?

[SPEAKER_03]
Probably four times, I think.
I don't know.
I didn't.
Wow.

[SPEAKER_07]
So, you know, how can vaccine work if natural infection doesn't work?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, yeah, you're right.
I mean, because it was just different strains that I got.
It's just like the flu, right?
You get a different strain, you're going to get the infection again.
And so it's strain specific and that the vaccine is not even treating the strain that's out there.
That's completely worthless.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah.
I mean, getting COVID four times unvaccinated.
I mean, it shows you that there's no way the vaccine is going to make any difference.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
And most of the vaccinated people I know keep getting COVID or kept getting COVID.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right.
No, I mean, I hear that all the time.
Well, I got two shots and then I got COVID twice.

[SPEAKER_07]
It kept me out of the hospital.
It worked.
Yeah.
Good thing I got the shots.
Otherwise it could have been worse.

[SPEAKER_05]
Right.
I love that.
Love that one.
Question from Diane 2004.
Does anyone know about the number of death due to COVID-19 vax to this day?
They keep saying 17 million since last year.
I'm sure it's more than that.
Anyone know?
This probably Steve might be able to.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, you know, I think a conservative estimate is for every person who's vaccinated 2 out of 1000 will die within 2 years.
Other shot or within 3 years, but most people will die within a year or so.
So there are about 280.
A million people who got vaccinated, so you're looking at a minimum of 560,000.
Uh, Americans that have died and some of them can die because we accelerated her death.
We, we pull forward their death.
They died 5, 5 days later, 5 days earlier.
Then they would have died or maybe 10 days earlier or 20 days earlier or 30 days earlier and.
So you can have a big effect, but if it's accelerating someone's death and causing their death prematurely, you won't necessarily see it in the death numbers.
So in other words, 2.8 million people normally die in the USA in a year.
And so if you just pulled 2.8 million people forward and the vaccine killed all 2.8 million people, you wouldn't even see it as an uptick in the death count.
So you could literally kill 2.8 million people
And because you've, you killed them one day before they were going to die anyway, nobody will ever see that there won't be any more funerals.
There won't be anything.
Nobody would ever know.

[SPEAKER_05]
This gets hit.
I have a question, Mary.
Um, are you still involved in a lawsuit?
And if so, what, what's your status on that?
And can you talk about it?

[SPEAKER_03]
So I see Methodist for defamation and I lost.
I appeal, I lost again.

[SPEAKER_07]
Dan, how did they defame you and why did they lose?

[SPEAKER_03]
So when I started speaking out on X, I said, vaccine mandates are wrong.
And I said it 25 times in one day.
And five days later, I got a text message from a reporter at the Houston Chronicle asking me, can you confirm that your privileges have been suspended from Houston Methodist Hospital?
And I did a double take.
I'm like, I don't know what you're talking about.
Check your sources.
And then I go to my email and they had suspended me.
And then I go on Twitter and they've announced that they've suspended me and that I'm spreading dangerous misinformation, harmful to the community.
And it just created a media storm.
I mean, I had people screaming at me from Australia and it was like I was on CBS News, that sort of thing.
And so I sued them for that.
And then,
Unfortunately, my attorney had a stroke.

[SPEAKER_07]
Oh, no.

[SPEAKER_03]
Was he vaccinated?
I don't know.
I don't think so.
I don't know.
But he made a pretty serious error in our lawsuit.
And my new lawyer said there's really nothing you can do to revive it.

[SPEAKER_01]
Oh, wow.

[SPEAKER_03]
So now I owe Methodist a chunk of money.
Oh, shit.
I know.
But I sued the FDA and I won that.
That was a victory.
This is on the horses?

[SPEAKER_05]
The Ivermectin?
Yes.

[SPEAKER_03]
So that was me.
That was myself and Paul Merrick and Robert Aptor.
We sued the FDA.

[SPEAKER_07]
You should have gotten a couple of horses to join up that suit.

[SPEAKER_03]
Exactly.
Yeah, you're right.

[SPEAKER_07]
That would have been fun.

[SPEAKER_03]
So that one was a victory.
And then now I'm just, the medical board is suing me.
So I'm working on that.
And then there's another lawsuit that I'm about to announce soon, I hope, or I'm taking offense, but I don't want to announce it yet, but that's coming up.
And that might be a big one.

[SPEAKER_05]
And that's just you or is it with others?

[SPEAKER_03]
With others.

[SPEAKER_05]
I have one last question from the audience from Morfanos.
Do you notice an uptake or have you noticed an uptake in tinnitus since COVID and have you successfully treated it?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, that's a hard one.
I can't say that I've seen some huge upsurge, but I do hear it a lot from people saying, yeah, I've got ringing now that I never had before, either from the COVID shots or from COVID.
And it depends on the source.
If it's from your inner ear, if the noise is coming from your inner ear or your brain, it's much more difficult to
fix.
Now you can have increased pressure in your middle ear that then translates into ringing or it can make the ringing louder and that's usually from your eustachian tube getting clogged and your eustachian tube connects your middle ear to the back of your nose.
So what I will usually do is try to fix that
Because that is that's fixable.
The inner ear problem is a harder thing to fix.
But if you have eustachian tube problems and you can fix those, that will often help the ringing.

[SPEAKER_05]
Thanks for that response.
I know that was the last one, but local proliferin wants to know, Dr. Bowden, please share your give send go.
If you have one.

[SPEAKER_03]
I do have one.
My I've asked people to subscribe to me on X because it's not a lot of money.
It's two dollars a month.
But the more subscribers I have, the more reach I have.
And I feel like that's they they wanted to silence me and that backfired on them.
So I really, you know, that's how I want to that's the best way to support me.
And
You know, when they canceled me, I had a few thousand followers.
So now I almost, I almost have 500,000 followers and that's exactly what they didn't want.

[SPEAKER_05]
So, right.
Well, good.
So go to Mary's X account, easy to find Dr. Mary Talley Bowden on X and subscribe to her X account.
Mary, thank you so much for coming on tonight.
That was fantastic conversation and wonderful having you here again this evening.

[SPEAKER_03]
Thanks so much for having me.
A lot of fun.

[SPEAKER_07]
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_05]
Thank you.
Hopefully you'll be back again soon.
Steve, hang in there.
I am going to make a few announcements if I can get myself together here.
As we wrap up tonight's episode, I want to take a moment to remind you that VSRF is a 501c3 nonprofit organization and everything we do from hosting weekly webinars and producing educational content to providing a platform for truth depends solely on your generous donations.
We operate solely to support
people like you, those who believe in the importance of free speech, medical freedom and exposing the truth.
Every donation directly fuels our mission and helps us continue in the fight for our freedoms and the fight for the vaccine injured.
So if you believe in what we do, we humbly ask for your support today and then together we can make a real difference.
I'm going to share my screen here so you can see where to donate, text VSRF to
53-555.
That's BSRF 253-555.
And then we have our donor spotlight is from Kay in Wyoming.
Kay writes, Dear Steve and company, thank you for continuing to step up and create these fabulous interviews and for helping the vaccine damaged folks.
I am a regular listener.
Hold on, I don't have the right screen up right now, so let me just change that so you can see this.
Let me start again.
Dear Stephen Coe, thank you for continuing to step up and create these fabulous interviews and for helping the vaccine damaged folks.
I'm a regular listener on Thursday nights.
You are a true patriot.
Thank you, Kay, for your kind words and unwavering support to everyone in our audience.
Your voice and your generosity are what make this community thrive.
Thank you for standing with us.
And again, VSRF.
text VSRF 253555 if you care to donate to the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation.
Steve, great show tonight.
Great questions for Mary.

[SPEAKER_07]
That's always fun.
I always learn something.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, most definitely.
And next week, let me get up.
Next week's guest is
Dr. Philip McMillan will a leading expert in autoimmunity.
He's going to be joining us next Thursday to discuss the aftermath of COVID-19 and the ongoing health consequences that is that is left in its wake.
And in fact, in the closing clip that I'm going to play, he talks about how
on YouTube, he's starting to see censorship happening on his channel.
And it's maybe it's gonna accelerate.
So he's taking precautions to use different words, code words, community standards important.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So don't want to violate those.
Yeah.
So you'll be back next week.
Same time, same place, I'm assuming.
And I want to ask everyone to join us again next week.
And thank you for joining us tonight.
Have a great rest of your evening and weekend.
Steve, have a great evening and weekend as well.

[SPEAKER_07]
Thanks, Livia.
You too.

[SPEAKER_04]
Bye, everybody.
This is the end of 2024 and it's going to be a very challenging 2025.
You may not know this, but there is a very real possibility that I may no longer be on YouTube.
At the moment I am being very heavily censored.
One of my channels has been removed and there's a real possibility that this one, if you're watching me at the moment, could be taken as well.
It's very important that you click on the links in the description to make sure that you don't lose access to my content.
Part of the problem is that at the moment,
I am able to analyze every aspect of the pandemic.
And critically, I know what is likely to happen.
There's a very strong push at the moment for the narrative to remain intact.
Now, people may think that my intention is just to criticize.
No, my intention is to protect and advocate for patients.
And if there are issues that need to be addressed, they have to be looked at, even if it changes a narrative.
That's the problem.
And so in effect,
I think early in 2025, before we have a change of position in the United States, they are going to silence as many voices as they can.
Here's what's interesting.
I as well
wondered because as far as I was concerned, I hadn't said anything so controversial recently.
But then I remembered what I am talking about at the moment.
And it's this.
This book is really, really important.
When you look at this, it's starting to get lots of good reviews, but it looks at the pandemic in a way that challenges the narrative.
The problem is that it is still number one in microbiology and that means that the word is getting out that people are able to see it.
Really, really important.
And so I can only presume that this is part of the problem.
is that because of my reach, because I'm able to get in front of people, what it means is that if they don't want you to see that information or to see that challenge, the best way is to prevent you from hearing about it.
And that's essentially what I think may be going on.
