[SPEAKER_04]
Sometimes in the life, we all have pain, we all have sorrow.

[UNKNOWN]
But if we are wise, we know

[SPEAKER_04]
when you're not strong and I'll be your friend.
I'll help you carry on for it will be long till I'm gonna need somebody
strong and I'll be your friend I'll help you carry on for it won't be long till I'm gonna be some

[SPEAKER_02]
Tonight on VSRF Live, we're joined by international drug safety advocate Kim Whitsack, clinical psychologist Dr. Roger McFellen, and psychiatric drug harm advocate Daniel Ganski as we confront one of the most urgent issues of our time, mental health, suicide, and the institution shaping how we're allowed to talk about both.

[SPEAKER_01]
What would it take to really decimate a culture?
What would it take to create mental suffering, create disease, and make it prolonged and chronic?
You'd have to put yourself in a war with nature and a war within yourself.
And one way to do that is to pathologize the inner world and the inner experience of being human.
It's an attack on our humanness.

[SPEAKER_06]
The FDA approval, it's about getting the drug on the market.
And not so much about the safety, where for me, I'm always like, well, what's going to happen when it starts being advertised?
And we do get reports of people because the real world is actually where the drug gets used.

[SPEAKER_08]
Antidepressants gave me brain damage.
Psych meds aren't as safe as the doctors make them out to be.
So I'm sharing the truth on the extreme injuries they cause and the side effects that doctors don't tell you about.
I was only seven years old when I was wrongfully overprescribed medications.
For years I told my doctor how awful the medicine made me feel.
He dismissed me saying medication can't do that and blamed it on my obesity and anxiety and pushed more meds on me telling me I needed them.

[SPEAKER_02]
Hello and welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm Livio Sanchez.
Over the past several years, much of our focus here on VSRF Live has been on the COVID pandemic, vaccines, mandates, and the policies that reshaped our society.
But the pandemic also left something deeper in its wake, lockdowns, isolation, economic disruption, and a constant climate of fear contributed to rising anxiety, depression, and despair across much of society.
For many people, the response to that suffering quickly became medical, diagnosis, prescriptions, and long-term psychiatric treatment.
Tonight, we're confronting one of the most urgent and difficult issues of our time, mental health, suicide, and the growing role of psychiatric medications in how distress is treated.
For millions of people, antidepressants are presented as the primary path to relief, yet growing numbers of patients, families,
and clinicians are asking important questions about risks that may not always be fully discussed, including withdrawal, dependency, and in some cases increased suicidality.
This is not a conversation about stigma.
It's a conversation about evidence, transparency,
and informed consent.
Joining us tonight are Kim Whitsack, an international drug safety advocate, Dr. Roger McPhillon, a clinical psychologist and host of the radically genuine podcast, Danielle Ganski, who has firsthand experience navigating psychiatric medications and withdrawal, along with her mother, Nancy Ganski, and Shirei Gad, a mother who has turned personal tragedy into advocacy after the loss of her daughter, London.
Together tonight, we'll examine antidepressants and suicide risk, the impact of medicating children, the challenges of withdrawal and tapering, and what real resilience and recovery may require.
Our goal tonight is simple, to ask difficult questions with honesty and compassion, and to explore how we can better protect those who are struggling.
First though, I'd like to introduce founder of the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation, Steve Kirsch.
Steve, welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_03]
I'm good.
I have some technical issues, but other than that, things are good.

[SPEAKER_02]
The good news is we have sound from what I understand tonight, unlike last week, so we should be in good shape.
I'm curious, Steve, when you were in college and school at MIT, how rampant was ADHD and the use of antidepressants back in the day?

[SPEAKER_03]
I don't know.
I didn't keep track of it.
It wasn't something that was on my radar.
It wasn't something that was a big deal back then.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, it wasn't on my radar either.
I know you're a little older than me.
But these days, I'm seeing a lot of articles like this in the New York Times.
And they're calling, it says here, colleges see spike in students with disabilities, including elite schools.
And what gets my
My attention is this diagnosis for ADHD and anxiety increase.
And the article goes and talks about that.
And it does talk a little bit about the medications, but it's- I wonder if that might be due to all of these vaccines that kids are getting nowadays, I think.

[SPEAKER_03]
I think it's a combination of a lot of things.
That's what the science says, though.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
An inconvenient study was very clear on that.
It definitely plays a role and obviously the anxiety created around the pandemic did not help.
And right now it just seems like everything you see in the news, everything is full of fear, war, just so it is, I don't know if it's a coordinated attack on us.
Some people might say it is, but here we are.
And that's what tonight's episode is all about.
We're going to dive into the mental health aspect of
of what's happening, especially amongst our younger population.
So I'm going to go ahead and bring on our first guest tonight.
And tonight, we are first joined by Kim Whitsack and Dr. Roger McPhillon.
Welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you doing this evening?

[SPEAKER_01]
Excellent.
Thanks for having me.

[SPEAKER_06]
Great.
Thanks.
Good to see you guys again.

[SPEAKER_02]
Great to have you back, Kim, and great to have you for the first time, Roger.
I'm going to read both of your bios before we get started.
Kim Whitsack is an international drug safety advocate and the founder of Woody Matters.
After her husband Woody died by suicide shortly after being prescribed an antidepressant, Kim became a leading voice calling for greater transparency and accountability around psychiatric drug risks.
She has served on multiple FDA advisory committees
and continues to advocate for patients and families seeking answers.
And Dr. Roger McFellen is a licensed clinical psychologist, executive director of the Center for Integrated Behavioral Health and host of the internationally recognized radically genuine podcast.
Board certified in behavioral and cognitive psychology.
His work focuses on trauma.
mood disorders and evidence-based therapies such as cognitive behavioral therapy and dialectical behavior therapy.
He has become widely known for challenging the growing medicalization of emotional distress and advocating for greater transparency, ethical care,
and informed consent in mental health.
I want to remind our audience that we will be having a Q and A, audience Q and A at the end of all of our interviews tonight.
So if you want to put your questions in the chat, all caps, I'll get to as many questions as possible.
I'm going to be ducking in and out tonight, but for now, Steve, go ahead and take it away.

[SPEAKER_03]
Okay.
So let's start with the high level.
Um, uh, Dr. McPhillon, what do you, uh, think the,
Your, if you could summarize your experience and the key learnings and the key messages that you want people to take away from this.
And then we can get into some of the details later.
But what do you think the sort of the top level.
Hey, here's my experience and in here are the key messages that it's important for people to know are

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, I think the first thing, Steve, and thanks for having me is that we have medicalized almost all aspects of the human experience.
I think it's been targeted.
I think we've manufactured these psychiatric conditions and the psychiatric conditions themselves.
from a financial perspective are designed to create customers for life.
And if we look at the evidence over the past 20 years, that's exactly what they do.
We're at a point right now in American culture where we're looking at a quarter of the American population on at least one psychiatric drug.
Now, the only way you can do that is to try to convince a population that when you experience what would be normal and expected human reactions, that that's some evidence of some condition, some illness.
And we see that just tracking back with the chemical imbalance lies, the marketing lies that were created in
In the boardrooms of the pharmaceutical companies and pushed into American television is that we've created this collective consciousness that suggests that if you experience emotions intensely, they could be anxiety, deep sadness.
At one point, another generation would just say, this is part of being human.
Now we're directed to go see the medical authority.
You go into the medical system and what do you do?
You fill out a checklist, the checklist created by the pharmaceutical companies.
that are going to pathologize very normal aspects of living and then screen you positively for a manufactured condition called major depressive disorder.
It's more than that obviously because we're pushing the drugs on all different types of conditions.
Nobody receives informed consent about the dangers of the drug.
I'm sure we'll get into those dangers.
The clear identified published research that shows how dangerous these drugs are.
And what you've done is you've created a generation that's dependent on psychiatric drugs.
And what I see in clinical practice that has become, I think, devastating are two things.
One is we see a large percentage of people who are dependent and aren't able to safely get off the drugs, because even the doctors don't know how to safely taper them off the drugs.
And the second thing is a horrific side effect for SSRIs called post-SSRI sexual dysfunction.
So it's more than just an impact on sexual functioning like low libido or inability to orgasm.
It's just a muting and blunting of all emotions, including joy.
And so if I'm going to start out front, I'm going to state like the medicalization of this condition through false marketing has created an epidemic of prescribed harm and a country that's really demonstrating a difficult time coping and turning to the medical professionals for pharmaceuticals that harm.

[SPEAKER_03]
So what percentage of people who are diagnosed and given medication actually need medication?
Are we overmedicating 95% of the people that are out there?
The people, you said 25%.
I mean, that's a huge number.
What should the real number be?
Should it be like 3% of our population needs meds?
2%, 1%?
How over-prescribed is this stuff?

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, a couple points.
So there's many different psychiatric drugs.
So if we're just going to stay right now on SSRIs or SNRIs, which are prescribed for mood or major depressive disorder, I've dug into this science over decades.
Personally, I see no valid reason to prescribe an SSRI to anyone at any given time.
And I know that's a rare position to take because those drugs have been prescribed by well-meaning doctors for so long, you know, we have to
identify some clinical population that benefits from the drug.
I don't see it.
I've gone into the data.
I've talked with experts.
I've been in clinical practice for 20 years.
What you see is the drug does not outperform placebo in any meaningful way.
And so with the range of side effects or adverse reactions for the drug, I can't ethically recommend that drug to any one person, especially when you have safer alternatives.
And one of the things about providing this label of major depressive disorder or calling people depressed or anxious is we're not identifying the root causes of the condition.
And so that's a problem because there's all different types of issues that are leading to somebody taking an SSRI, including major lifestyle issues.
We have a chronic disease epidemic in the United States, obesity.
There's lifestyle problems.
isolated, they're in their homes addicted to screens.
And then when you experience what would be the expected reaction to that, you go into your primary care doc or you see a psychiatrist and then you're labeled with this depressive diagnosis.
When I think about the most severe conditions, right?
So of course, yes, there are some people that are very debilitated by depression.
The most effective treatments are not in SSRI.
Tell me what the clinical rationale would be to prescribe a drug that has a five to six-fold increase in suicidal thoughts and behaviors to someone who's suicidal.
Where's the rationale for prescribing that drug in any one situation?
Now, this might be different from, I understand that there are some severe emergency situations and psychiatric drugs as a general concept.
For example, a benzodiazepine or what we label a mood stabilizer could have a sedative effect in an emergency.
But beyond any emergency nature, I don't see the value of psychiatric drugs and I think we got the data to support it.
We can compare it to other cultures.
We can compare it to times in American history, the pre-drug era.
Everything has been worse since we started pushing psychiatric drugs as medicinal.
I don't even use the word medicine anymore, because I think that's false advertising.
If something is medicine, then it's medicinal, it's correcting something.
that appears to be in a diseased state.
We're not correcting anything.
We're drugging people.
And what starts as an initial psychiatric drug is going to cascade to multiple drugs, higher doses, and additional polypharm drugging.
That is just the path, because as we know, the body is just going to adapt to that original substance.
If your goal is to numb out, which an SSRI can do, it can mute all that as emotional signals, if your goal is to
You know,
feel less intensely.
The drug can do that for some people, but we can't call that antidepressant because that's not how people overcome depression.
Emotions, even the intense ones, are meant to be experienced and to be moved, and they are signals for us.
They're signals that there are things in our lives that need to be changed, and we're not supposed to mute those signals.
We're not supposed to emotionally blunt those signals.
We're supposed to move that energy into transformation.

[SPEAKER_03]
So your key messages that these drugs are being grossly overprescribed by 90% of them are unnecessary or 95%?

[SPEAKER_01]
I'd go higher than that.

[SPEAKER_03]
Go higher than that.
Closer to 100%.
Yes, correct.
OK, Kim, would you agree with that?

[SPEAKER_06]
Yes, I would say, you know, listening to Roger explain this idea of emotion and life, you know, lifestyles.
If I think about how I got brought into the drug safety advocacy, which has been over 22 years, it was my husband wasn't sleeping.
He had just started his dream job with a startup.
company goes to his doctor because he was Humpty Dumpty.
Basically, the doctors always fixed him from athletics, gave him a five week or a three week sample pack of Zoloft, which I happen to be out of the country.
So I wasn't there.
When he tells me when I get back from being out of the country, he's telling me heads outside the body.
And we call the doctor and the doctor gives it four to six weeks to kick in.
He was on the drug for the total five weeks.
when I was out of town and I got the call that my husband was found dead hanging.
No history of depression.
So that night that he was found, the coroner asked me a simple question.
Was he on any medication?
The only thing he was taken was Zoloft.
And so she said she's going to take it with her to see if it had anything to do with his death.
Also, the front page of our paper that day had an article that said the UK finds a link between antidepressants and suicide.
Fast forward, I had no idea that there was a long history of these drugs.
My brother-in-law Googled Zoloft Suicide and found out the FDA had hearings in 1991 on the emergence of violence and suicide with Prozac.
And so that was 1991.
There were no warnings.
And so that became our mission, right?
But during this time, even when Roger said about emotions, I remember after my husband died and I'm in deep grief, right?
And I go to the doctor and my doctor said, do you think you need anything?
And I'm like, well, I think the drugs will kill them.
But I go, aren't I supposed to hurt?
Like my husband died.
And she said, you don't need to hurt.
And so I think that is kind of this premise that we've kind of come into and I see it all the time and I, and, you know, fast forward Steve, I have come to realize that our whole system and the way it's built.
is, and I today, or I just finished my ninth year on the FDA advisory committee, the same one that in 1991 didn't do their job.
There was no voice representing the public.
And almost every one of those advisory board members took money from the pharmaceutical companies, making antidepressant products.
So they all said, nope, I don't see anything and turned the other way, right?
So now I have had an opportunity come full circle sitting on that committee, seeing all these new drugs for psychiatric and things called treatment resistant meaning to Roger's point.
Hey, somebody's been on these drugs for.
this antidepressant isn't working.
So we've tried this one and they're still depressed.
And so now we're layering.
Well, they have a new thing called treatment resistant.
And so I'm sitting on those committees and I'm thinking about where's the harms?
Where do we talk about harms?
Our US system, if you think about it, the FDA is a hurdle for businesses because the clinical trials that for these products are actually controlled by every aspect
is controlled by the drug companies, right?
And so they control the trial, the data.
Sure, they might have some back and forth with the FDA, but if you think about it, it's a business to get the product on the market.
And then once it's on the market, now we have the real world
people that we're gonna hear from later today who see it on advertised.
And I've spent my entire career in advertising.
So I kind of understand the idea of trying to manipulate, try to make people think a certain way so that they're like a pill is gonna fix your ills.
And so I think I'm in 100% agreement with Roger.
And it's a really important conversation because
More than that, in my own journey, and I've had lots of conversations with people, I think we need to almost realize that our pain and actually sitting in our pain is actually part of the human process, and that's where transformation and growth occurs.

[SPEAKER_03]
So when did SSRIs first reach the market?

[SPEAKER_06]
I think at the late 80s.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, like 1987.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, I think that was one pro's act and you think about it.
One thing that a lot of people don't realize black box warnings are the most serious of the FDA warnings, right?
That says there might be a death or a super serious risk.
When that drug came on the market, there were there were no warnings, right?
So that FDA advisory committee that was kind of.
Um, force because there were all these people, there were like parents or, you know, that somebody might have killed their kids and then themselves.
Again, this hearing was not on just suicide.
It was on violence and suicide with Prozac.
And then there was also at that time litigation that was happening.
And in the litigation, part of obviously why litigation is so important is to do the discovery and going into the drug company files.
Well, a lot of people don't know that in Germany, for instance, the German regulators never approved Prozac initially.
for two reasons, lack of efficacy and risk of suicide.
And eventually they did once the FDA approved it.
And at that time, when the German officials approved it, it was recommended that it was taken with a tranquilizer at the same time.
Now that never got communicated to the public.
Fast forward, you know, we're one of only two countries that allows drug ads.
So you've got a huge problem.
And I always say the real world is where the real clinical trials and the real data lives.
But as you know, you've seen it with vaccines.
Our system, we love to talk benefits, benefits, efficacy, and we don't want to talk about the harms, but really we need to be talking about the harms because I've been doing this work for 22 years and I keep getting these and now we have people that have been on these for decades and they can't get off of these medications.

[SPEAKER_03]
The Germans, when they reversed the course after the FDA said that it was safe.
Did the Germans have a reason for changing course?
Was there any scientific rationale for their change in opinion?
And what did the clinical, I want to know what the randomized trial said that led to the approval of, because Prozac was the first, the first one of these drugs is approved by the FDA in 1987.
And what was the randomized control trial that convinced the FDA that the risks of these, or the benefits of these drugs outweigh the risks?
And you would think that you would have to have a medical test where you measured brain serotonin levels.
Um, and, you know, sort of before and after and, and dosed it appropriately.
If serotonin was was, if there was a physical problem with serotonin, like, wouldn't you be actually measuring sort of the before and after, or maybe it's not possible to measure that in people who are still alive.

[SPEAKER_06]
You know, it's interesting, and Roger will probably chime in on this as well, but a lot of what they use is, it's just a subjective measuring tool, the HAM tool, like, and they, and it's just subjective.
There is no blood test to see if you're serotonin or if it's increased.

[SPEAKER_03]
And I know like- Is there a blood test and they don't just don't use it?

[SPEAKER_06]
Not to see if you have a blood chemistry or chemical imbalance, no.

[SPEAKER_03]
No, but can you actually measure serotonin in your brain?
I would think that that would be really, really hard.
You'd have to stick a needle into someone's brain in order to do that.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, it's very invasive.
So it's not something that's going to ever be done in clinical practice.
And again, to remind everybody, that was a theory to get the drug to market.
It was not anything ever that was scientifically validated.

[SPEAKER_03]
So how was the clinical trial, what was the evidence in the clinical trial that convinced the FDA that this drug is beneficial?
Is it all just based on these subjective tests that people underwent?

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, and it's a small percentage over placebo.
So it's, you got to remember it was statistically significant, which really isn't that much greater than the placebo, but it was enough to be the, you know, to get it approved.
And that was Prozac.
And I know more about the Zoloft where a lot of those initial clinical trials, because remember back in the day, all you have to do is have two positive studies.
where it shows that it's better than placebo.
But what we found during litigation is that Pfizer did multiple studies to get to the two that they use to get it FDA approved.
And so even internal documents that came out of litigation, the FDA almost didn't even approve it.
They didn't think the evidence was there.
But they ultimately did because it was during the AIDS crisis.
And when you see these documents,
and kind of start putting a different story together that it wasn't the story that we were told or led to believe.

[SPEAKER_03]
So what you're saying is that the randomized control trial evidence was sketchy.
They got to statistical significance, but the way you can get to statistical significance is simply you do enough randomized trials and sooner or later you'll get one that goes over the statistical significant line just by random luck.
The drug doesn't have to even work.
So my question is, do you actually think these drugs actually do work?
And my question is both to Kim and to Roger.
Do you think that these drugs actually have a beneficial effect on people?
And we're not talking about the downsides, because the downsides are large.
But is there a benefit at all to these drugs that's objectively beneficial?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, I'll add in there just to inform the public here about how these drugs come to market.
So the most important thing is there is a checklist of symptoms that is created.
The Hamilton depression scale is kind of the gold standard that's used.
And it's important to remember that if you frame clinical depression in a way around some physical reaction or physical symptom and you create a product that at least to some extent creates emotional blunting or emotional numbness, you can decrease those symptoms on a scale.
Now that's not necessarily what a clinical depression is.
A great way to compare this is that if you created a trial for social anxiety for young people and then gave them alcohol, then you would be able to, on a questionnaire, decrease the symptoms of
social anxiety.
Does that overcome the condition?
No, not at all.
So what's happened with the trials is, I mean, you can do 30 some trials.
All they required were two that showed a statistical significant over placebo.
And there's a couple things in the way that they created the trial that are really problematic to the scientist who wants to know if the drug works.
Number one, when people develop the stimulating effect, which meant suicidality,
or violence or agitation, they removed them from the final numbers.
The second thing that's most important is to know is that the drug broke blind.
So it wasn't a blinded trial.
When you take a psychoactive substance like an SSRI, the patients who took that knew they took it, as well did the researchers who were providing it.
And even with all that there,
On average, there was a two point difference between the placebo group and the drug group, which is clinically meaningless.
So can you take a drug that has some blunting of emotions?
Yes, that's not the same thing of overcoming depression.
Depression, if we really wanted to talk what it meant, is it's often people who are feeling empty, not experiencing emotions too intensely.
They're often lacking meaning or purpose in their life.
Sometimes they're the survivors of some great trauma.
So we put everything under this umbrella of depression
And we give it that label, but there's so many causes to why someone might be struggling in their life.
We've manufactured the condition of major depressive disorder.
So simply to answer your question, do we have a drug that's antidepressant?
We absolutely, definitively do not have an antidepressant drug.
Do we have a drug that can numb you?
And if you're stressed or anxious, you can feel a decrease in those symptoms.
Yes, but at what cost?

[SPEAKER_03]
OK, good.
So I was going to say the same thing.

[SPEAKER_06]
I don't think that we have a drug.
I think they numb you, but do they cure you?
And when you think about going to a doctor and you think you want to be cured of it, or at least that's the consumer perspective, you want to fix what's going on, but it numbs you.
And then what happens over time, they start
You feel nothing.
So you think about what they have been able to use, the drug companies, and now calling it treatment resistant, which is just another opportunity for a new product to come on the market and also the start of layering more and more drugs on top of it because the original feeling of depressed is still there.
So yes, do they numb, but do they fix?
No.

[SPEAKER_03]
Okay, let's move on to our next sort of guess.
So, Livio, do you want to do the intros?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, sure.
Let's go ahead and bring on our next guess.

[SPEAKER_03]
Thank you, by the way.
Those are very informative.
Basically, these drugs are overprescribed if they don't work.
And then the side effects are horrendous.
If I were to sum it up in one sentence, would that be fair summary?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yes.
Before we bring them on, I have a question.
When did they start prescribing these to children?
Right now, it seems like it's almost automatic.
You go see a therapist, they send you the psychiatrist, they prescribe.
At what point did that start happening?
Because I just know through my sons, their friends, they have many friends who are also taking medications.
And I also hear about new, like in their 20s, they're just now going on.
It seems like there's influencers out there saying, take this drug.
When did this trend start happening?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, I can jump in there.
I mean, you saw it starting to build through the 90s into the late 90s, but they really took off in the mid 2000s.
You know, there's this correlation between smart phone use and psychiatric drugs that seem to correlate nicely.
But I think it's a combination of a lot of things.
The American Academy of Pediatrics started recommending SSRIs as a frontline treatment in primary care, and you had the pharmaceutical salespeople pushing that in primary care centers.
And so you started to see this increase dramatically when we started screening kids for SSRIs.
Of course, with social media, it is getting pushed out there by influencers.
It's almost like one suffering does not count for these young kids unless they're on some drug.
But I look at the, I look what we're doing in our primary care settings.
I mean, we're pushing everyone to go see their pediatricians.
And once you go into pediatrics, you're going to fill out the PHQ-9, which is a standard assessment measure for SSRIs.
And we see this just continuing to grow until we hit the pandemic.
and then things jumped dramatically, especially for young girls.
We were up over 20% of adolescent girls on a psychiatric drug in the aftermath of the pandemic.
And what's interesting is to note is when you compare that to boys during the pandemic,
the drug prescription decreased.
So you're seeing this as being a drug that's being pushed on what seems to be the natural emotional state of young girls.
I mean, girls, especially going through adolescence and by nature, they're going to experience their emotions more intensely.
It's kind of the nature of female nurturing and evolution.
And so,
Women, girls are also more communicative generally compared to boys.
And so the ones that can communicate their distress at an articulate level are the ones who end up going into therapy.
They're the ones that end up communicating to these doctors.
And often it gets, their emotional states become validated by the diagnosis and the drug.
And it's become more of a brand now than anything, unfortunately.
It was very, very challenging to be in an outpatient center post COVID, where everybody was coming in demanding the diagnosis and wanting to get on SSRIs.
It became popular.
It became something that really did justify their emotional struggle and the belief that there could be some quick fix.
I can take a drug and I can just become happy.
I mean, it's so misrepresented.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, and I was just going to chime in that even with the children, a lot of the American Psychiatric Association, there were big mental health campaigns because at the time we didn't want to talk about our mental health.
And so with especially targeting the teens, make it okay.
A lot of those make it okay campaigns, talking about mental health for teens were actually created by the guild
and the groups that take pharmaceutical funding, non-profits.
So there was this whole, and just when you bring something to the attention of the public, make it okay.
So on surface, sure, it's nice that we're able to talk about it, but if it's who's behind it, where are they driving, and what's the solution?
Is it the pill?
And to Ryder's point, I think he articulated it beautifully because that's where we're at today.

[SPEAKER_02]
Thank you for that.
And on that note, let's bring on our next guest, Danielle and Nancy Ganski.
Welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_07]
Great.
Thank you so much for having us.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_02]
It's so nice to have you here.
I'm going to read your bios real quick here before we get going.
Danielle Ganski was placed on psychiatric medications at a young age and spent years navigating polypharmacy.
After experiencing severe adverse reactions and difficult withdrawal, she is now working toward recovery while advocating for safer tapering practices, greater transparency, and reforms to protect others from similar harm.
Nancy is Danielle's mother and an accomplished chef who has supported her daughter through years of psychiatric medication, challenges, and withdrawal.
She joins us to share the perspective of a parent navigating a complex mental health system while advocating for a child's health and safety.
And again, thank you for joining.
And, Danielle, can you give us a little bit of a background as to what happened and what you went through?

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.
So I was placed on psychiatric medications at just seven years old.
Um, I was far too young to really understand what these drugs even were with the lifelong impact they would have on my developing brain and nervous system.
So it began in the school system when a teacher noticed that I was a bit fidgety, distracted, maybe had some sloppy handwriting.
And the school suggested that my parents take me to see a psychiatrist to be evaluated for ADHD.
So very quickly from there, I was diagnosed, labeled, and drugged.
It started with, from there, things escalated pretty quickly.
It started with ADHD stimulants, which caused significant adverse effects, like moodiness, agitation, anxiety, but
Instead of the doctors recognizing these reactions as like medication induced, they were interpreted as a new psychiatric diagnosis and conditions.
So more medications were prescribed to treat problems that the original medications had caused.
So by the time I was 10,
I had been prescribed antidepressants, benzodiazepines, antipsychotics, despite there being very limited evidence supporting this kind of polypharmacy combinations and young developing brains.
None of it really ever felt right, but I was a child and I didn't really have the words to explain what was happening and I didn't really have the authority to question it.
And just what's important to understand, I wasn't really like a child in crisis or acting out or
causing a scene, I was actually very happy, happy, sensitive, actually quite shy in school.
So looking back now, I understand that much of the intense, hard to describe, distressed experience was likely caused by the medication changes and dose increases and my body reacting poorly to the drugs.
But any time I had a drug induced effect that made me feel terrible, it was blamed on my supposed underlying condition.
So as I got older, most of the other psychiatric meds were eventually discontinued.
But SSRIs remained the one drug I took constantly for more than 15 years throughout my entire period of brain development.
In my late twenties, I attempted to discontinue SSRIs under medical supervision, following the standard tapering guidelines doctors are taught to use, which was a six week taper.
But for someone who has been on the drug for most of their life, this was like far too fast.
But my doctor wasn't acting recklessly.
He was simply following the standard medical guidelines that doctors are taught to follow.
And what followed from there was a,
severe like full body just neurological crisis like it was just constant physical and psychological torment that I didn't even know was like humanly possible to experience and I was disabled, bed read in, I had to have a caretaker take care of me and
I was harmed simply by coming off antidepressants exactly the way my doctor told me to.
And so where I write, um, eventually I was forced to reinstate the antidepressant because the withdrawals were just too severe.
Um, so for the past three years, I've actually been attempting an extremely slow and.
painful, careful taper reducing by about like one tenth of a milligram at a time, which is less than 1%.
Because that's all my nervous system can tolerate.
But even at that pace, my body requires months just to stabilize.
And even then I actually haven't fully stabilized.
So, but when I attempt to go low, it gets too severe.
So,
I don't know if I'll ever be able to ultimately come off the medication without becoming severely disabled again.
And I really do feel as though my brain has been fundamentally altered by the long-term exposure to these drugs.
And it's just crazy because I remain physically trapped on the same medication.
I was prescribed as a child because the withdrawal effects are too severe.
And yeah, it's an injury that does significantly impact my daily functioning and quality of life.
But of course, what happened to me is not an isolated case.
My story is just a window into a much larger hidden epidemic of people's lives who have been upended by antidepressant withdrawal.

[SPEAKER_02]
I want to play a video real quick, Steve, to show a very short video.
I played a clip of it during the promotion at the beginning, but let me play this 60 second video so you can actually visualize what Danny's talking about here.

[SPEAKER_08]
Antidepressants gave me brain damage.
Psych meds aren't as safe as the doctors make them out to be.
So I'm sharing the truth on the extreme injuries they cause on the side effects that doctors don't tell you about.
I was only 7 years old when I was wrongfully overprescribed medications.
For years I told my doctor how awful the medicine made me feel.
He dismissed me saying medication can't do that and blamed it on my obesity and anxiety and pushed more meds on me telling me I needed them.
I was always met with resistance and had my lived experience invalidated.
I questioned and doubted myself.
After 15 years of being brainwashed and carelessly medicated, I made the decision to come off for good.
My doctor lowered my dose over four short weeks, making me debilitatingly sick.
I was in constant excruciating pain in my body and mind, and left bedridden and disabled.
I had vision loss, burning in my entire body, intense association, delirium, uncontrollable shaking, and pure mental agony.
It was torment I could not escape.
I felt like a raw exposed nerve, light and sound physically hurt.
I could not think and had trouble communicating.
I was terrified not knowing what was happening in my body.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, how many how many drugs were you on when you were 10 years old and how many drugs are you on now?

[SPEAKER_08]
How many drugs so I would have to look back at the exact list but there were times when I was on like
three medications at once and I would feel either like a zombie or completely like wired from like the Adderall and the Ritalin and just like, it would just, I would crash from it.
So it's, I was, it was constantly like just so many things going on and it would make me feel terrible and just no one and not something I forgot to mention is I was, you know, invalidated when I would, you know, speak up to say how I was feeling.
I was constantly just like dismissed.

[SPEAKER_03]
How many tricks are you on now?

[SPEAKER_08]
I'm only, so I'm only on antidepressants.
That's, I'm trying to taper off that one.
Just one, just one.

[SPEAKER_03]
And which one?

[SPEAKER_08]
It's called Fluvox.

[SPEAKER_03]
Is it Fluvoxamine or is it?

[SPEAKER_08]
Yes, Fluvoxamine.
I think it's an older generation of antidepressants.
It's not as commonly used.

[SPEAKER_03]
I just got a curiosity.
Did you ever get COVID?

[SPEAKER_08]
I did.
Yeah, I've had it four times.
45.

[SPEAKER_03]
Four times.
And how was it for you?
Was it pretty mild?

[SPEAKER_08]
No, it was really, actually it was, I got COVID right as I was like going through withdrawal the first time and it like hit me like a truck.
It was like the perfect storm and it really, it actually made my withdrawal like 10 times worse and it was really bad.
Like I lost my taste.
I was like,

[SPEAKER_07]
It was she became violent.
She lost her taste and smell would throw things.
I just found all the emails today because we were doing some research prior to this call and I was reading some of the stuff I was saying to the doctor, but it was really intense for her.
I think it amplified her withdrawal, which at the time I didn't know it was withdrawal.

[SPEAKER_03]
Interesting.
Yeah, because I sponsored some clinical trials with Veloxamine.
It was very successful in terms of lowering symptoms, but that's not from someone who's going through withdrawal and it's not for someone who's on the drug habitually.
It was a low dose given for a very small amount of time just after you got COVID.
So it's interesting, because I thought, oh, wow, if you're on the drug, I wonder if it modulates things.
So here's our key learning here.
So you mentioned you were on ADHD, that that was the start of this.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_03]
And are you familiar with an inconvenient study?

[SPEAKER_08]
That sounds really familiar.

[SPEAKER_03]
That's the study with Marcus Zervos at Henry Ford Health System.
He was trying to prove that the anti-vaxxers were wrong and that vaccines actually make kids healthier.
And what was interesting in the study is they looked at ADHD, but they didn't have a comparison factor because nobody who was unvaccinated got ADHD.
There were zero cases.
I wonder if it might make a difference.
Did you go through the normal full vaccine schedule, the parents and kids or believers in the medical establishment and the science says that you should get vaccinated because that way you're going to, actually the science says that that way you're going to be less healthy and have more chronic disease for the rest of your life.
That's what the science actually says, but that's not what people believe.
People believe the opposite, even though there are no clinical studies to show that that is the case.
And in fact, there are even clinical studies that were done that confirm the clinical studies that have been, or the observational studies that have been done, which show that you're worse off.
It's always very troubling to see kids harmed by vaccines and not have any clue whatsoever that the science actually shows that kids have, you know, it's like a factor of two more chronic diseases than the kids who did not take any vaccines.
And ADHD is probably out the charts because there was a, there was a zero denominator for the control group.

[SPEAKER_08]
No, that's so interesting.
There's definitely, you know, there's a lot of overlap with like drug injury, vaccine injury.
And I do believe, I think I got all my vaccinations.
I wouldn't get a vaccine now.
Like I, in the beginning, I did like during the beginning of COVID when I was still trusting in the medical system and, you know, was,
naive to this, but this experience going through this truly opened up my eyes and you just can't trust what you're told.
I feel like a lot of the science is corrupt and you just
I don't, yeah, I don't trust anymore.
This has really opened up my eyes.

[SPEAKER_03]
So Nancy, tell me what your trust level is in the medical system before Danielle had these problems and what is it now?
Like was it 100% trust in the medical doctors and they're going to
steer me the right way.
And, and, and science says that they wouldn't be doing this unless science says that science justified it.
And what do you believe now?

[SPEAKER_07]
Well, I also think what type of doctor it is, right?
So before Danny got sick, I everything was about fewer big, I was in a big, well, I was a big believer, right?
So whatever the doctor said with her with OCD anxiety, I believed it.
Here's a pill.
Danny has this, Danny has that and he
convinced us.
I mean, he was the authority.
He was the one with the MD and a psychopharmacologist.
So I trusted everything he said.
And, you know, looking back, right?

[SPEAKER_03]
So if I, if I, by the way, if I'd come to you then as an anti-vaxxer and misinformation super spreader, you'd have told me to just go away.
Don't want to hear it, right?

[SPEAKER_07]
20-something years ago, probably, because honestly, I've been told five years ago when Daddy first started going through this, and she was showing me what withdrawal was.
I didn't really believe it.
I still believe the doctors.
I thought the doctor had her so brainwashed.

[SPEAKER_08]
I mean, he had me brainwashed because I was all brainwashed.
I would be Googling online and seeing all these people in withdrawal and on these online communities.
I mean, there's hundreds of thousands of people in surviving antidepressants, Reddit forums, Facebook groups.
going through withdrawal.
It's such a massive hidden epidemic.
And I would show her this and I would show my doctor be like, no, that's not possible.
That can't happen.
It's crazy people on the internet.
I wasn't believed.

[SPEAKER_07]
So I was told they were making it all up.
It's not true.
I'm a doctor.
Here's the science.
That's not true.
They're just spreading.
They're just scaring you.
I believed him.
But the harm that I was told that couldn't happen is exactly what did happen.
So
You know, that's the irony of it.
So back to your question now, you know, the trust, I question things now.
Even myself, when I go to the doctor recently, they made me feel, they asked me about anxiety and maybe I was anxious one day about something and they're like, Oh, would you like something?
I'm like, no, I'm just having a bad day.
I don't need a pill to fix it.
I'm not, I mean, but they wanted to throw a pill at me and they want me to fill in this scale.
I'm like, I'm not filling out your scales.
I'm just here because I have a cough or something, but everyone wants to throw a pill to fix a problem.

[SPEAKER_03]
Did you guys take, yeah, did you take the COVID vaccine?

[SPEAKER_07]
I did when it first came out because this is prior to me understanding all of this.
And if you didn't, you couldn't go to restaurants, you couldn't travel on a plane.
There's certain things you couldn't do.
So I only got the first two, but I did not get any boosters.

[SPEAKER_03]
Danielle, what about you?

[SPEAKER_08]
I did.
I got both the vaccines because it was all happening like during the same time.
And I was kind of,
I was like fearful of it and someone was like kind of scaring me into getting it.
I really was nervous about getting it because I'm fearful of adverse effects.
And, but, you know, I got it.
And meanwhile people, I was being told that people can like, you can buy the car that says you got the shot and like a lot of people were faking it.

[SPEAKER_07]
So we couldn't try.
Well, I have another child who's not, did not get vaccinated.
So she put her foot down and she was actually offered money by one of the, she's an influencer and big TikToker.
And she was offered a lot of money to get the vaccine.
And she said, no, and I was like, no, do you know, this is, you know, I didn't know any different.
And she said, no, I'm not doing it.
They wanted her to video herself doing it.
And I forget what the brand was at that time.
If it was Moderna or Pfizer, I can't recall.

[SPEAKER_03]
So one of the Moderna or Pfizer reached out to her and said, Hey, we will pay you to take, take our drug on camera.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
She was.

[SPEAKER_03]
Do you know how much, how much she was offered?

[SPEAKER_07]
It was like, I think it was somewhere between $15,000 to $20,000.

[SPEAKER_03]
Oh, my God.

[SPEAKER_07]
He said, no, I'm back then.
I was like, Oh, my God, Jackie, you know, we didn't know any.

[SPEAKER_03]
How, how, how large an influencer is she?
Does she have like millions of followers or what?

[SPEAKER_07]
What does she have?
She is 3.5 million.
3.5 on TikTok, a couple hundred thousand on Instagram.

[SPEAKER_03]
Man, man, maybe I can use her as a consultant to those.
So I can get that kind of, that's incredible.

[SPEAKER_07]
No, she turned it down.
She was, you know, looking back, she was smart.

[SPEAKER_03]
How did she know?

[SPEAKER_07]
She's very intuitive.

[SPEAKER_08]
She's very in tune with her body.
She's very healthy and she does not do vaccine.
She's clean.
She stays away.

[SPEAKER_03]
Did you give her a hard time at the time?
Did you say, no, no, no, you're not following the science.
You know, science says you should get this.

[SPEAKER_07]
Uh, I didn't say that.
I'm like, my, my husband probably told her to get it done, but we were like, no, take, you know, take it.
This is your income.
Looking back.
Now we see how bad, you know, all these things are, but I didn't know under the doctor voodoo spell, right?
So I believe.

[SPEAKER_03]
So your, your, your husband's now, uh, red pilled as well.
He, he knows.
Really?
He's still a believer, huh?
Isn't that interesting?
After everything that you've been through, that he is still a believer after your life has been destroyed by these drugs, that your dad is still a believer in the medical system.
That's incredible.

[SPEAKER_08]
It is and I think he understands that they can cause very serious irreversible effects and he gets that he was like he's all on my team and supportive of that but I think he's very indoctrinated I think a lot of people are like I think unless it happens to
it's difficult to really understand.
And I think, you know, not everyone's going to fully get it.
And that's okay.
Everyone's on their own journey.
Right.
Like his point up, he needs a pill, right?

[SPEAKER_07]
I said, no, you don't need it.
I said, I have high cholesterol, Dave.
I'm not taking it.
I took it once.
It gave me a bad side effect.
I'm like, I'm not taking anything.
I'm like, you don't need it.
Don't listen to the doctor.
So I'm trying to tell my husband, stop listening to every time someone tells you to need a pill, but he still believes, right?
So we're trying to, even though everything that happened to Danielle,
He gets it, but sometimes he doesn't get it.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, so it's the authority figure, the, you know, believe in the authorities, believe in the experts.

[SPEAKER_02]
Daniel, do you feel like you had any adverse effects from the COVID vaccine?

[SPEAKER_08]
You know, it's really hard to tell because it was all happening simultaneously, me going through the withdrawal and then getting the COVID vaccine.
So possibly who knows, it could have made things worse.
It could have activated things.
It's very, that's a very real possibility.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
A lot going on there.
Well, thank you for, for, for sharing your story.
We need to, to move on now and stuck to, uh, to, uh, sure.
Yeah.
Do you want to do a little setup?

[SPEAKER_06]
Sure.
Well, so sure.
Gad, I received an email.
I had, I didn't know her story until like a couple of weeks ago, I received an email that literally broke me.
She wrote to tell me that her little 12 year old daughter,
had taken her life and she said something that I have been trying to say for 22 years and that is no family should ever have to say, how come I didn't know?
And so when she reached out and she already has started to do all these things and she said her last line in her email was, I'm going to, let's see where,
It's so I'm not anti-drug and pro information like you.
I believe in transparent of transparency, informed consent, accountability and reform.
I believe families deserve full risk disclosure, not marketing language.
I believe children deserve root cause evaluation before life medications.
I believe parents deserve.
This battle chose me and in response to her passing, I'm working on a London's law.
And she reminds me of another woman whose 12 year old daughter took her life back in 2004.
Matthew Downing's 12 year old Candace Downing.
And so now it comes full circle 22 years later and it's still happening and yet there's even more to the story than just a medication.
So I'm really proud to bring Chiray to the group because we need more voices in this fight.
And unfortunately it takes people that have been harmed and experiences
that can help, you know, connect the science or lack thereof and the stories to tell a different story, which is we want information.
Yeah, so sure.

[SPEAKER_05]
We need to break the narrative.
Thank you for having me.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, thank you.
I'm going to just additionally with what Kim said, I'm just going to read a little more formal bio.
I like to do this for everyone.
And Sheregad is a mother who has turned profound professional tragedy into advocacy
Her daughter London passed away at just 12 years old after an overdose of pills shortly after being prescribed the SSRI Prozac.
Since then, Shireh has begun speaking publicly about the failures she believes contributed to her daughter's loss, and it's advocating for greater transparency, stronger safeguards, and improved protections for children navigating the mental health system.
And again, thank you for joining us this evening, Shireh.

[SPEAKER_03]
Sure.
Can you tell us about London's law and what the status is on that?
Is that something that you're trying to put through Congress or your local state or local state right now?

[SPEAKER_05]
Ironically, I received a call from my legislative director today is sitting on the desk of the Legislative Services Bureau and they are beginning to draft it.

[SPEAKER_03]
And what is the context of the law?
What does that law basically say?
Is it about requiring disclosures?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yes, more transparency, informed consent.
I believe that we need to do more root cause interventions, you know, like with London, nobody asks me about hormones or nutrient deficiencies, gene variants.
you know, screen hygiene, any of the basics to getting down to the root cause of what was going on.
And obviously I was unaware of all this stuff prior to this and I've educated myself.

[SPEAKER_03]
So who do you believe is responsible for your daughter's death?
the drug companies, the doctors, the medical system, all of the above.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, London's story is a little unique.
I kind of refer to it as the perfect storm.
She had social media harms that we were unaware of.
After her passing, we had forensics go through her social media accounts.
They found when she was searching
Harmless subjects that they, like alligator skin boots, they would send her dark self-harm content, suicidal content.
You know, these platforms are just designed to be addictive and they care more about profits than anything else.

[SPEAKER_03]
So you think it's a combination of lots of things put together that led to her?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yes, that's correct.
Yeah, because I believe if the social media stuff hadn't got to her, we wouldn't have gone down the medication pathway, I guess.
vitamins for almost a year and a half.
And her counselor one day just says, I think it's time to put London on something and you just trust the system, you trust the white coats and it's just been the ultimate failure.
I obviously don't trust them now.
everything I've learned.
We never were told about the black box warnings.
I actually learned about that about eight months ago and London passed away August 1st of 2024.
The doctor actually, when he called me, I look back now, it was less than 12 hours.
London had been admitted into an inpatient facility.
She had asked to actually go.
And
Within 12 hours, the doctor was calling me, the psychiatrist, and was already had evaluated her.
And, and I'm just thinking to myself, how much time have you really had?
Um, and he was already wanting to put around 10 milligrams of Prozac.
And, you know, I was really reluctant on doing it.
And he told me four or five times, it's the safest drug out there.
You know, I put my kids on it, you know, just all that.

[SPEAKER_03]
Wow.

[SPEAKER_05]
I put my kids on it.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
Holy moly.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
That, that's insane.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
Um, and reluctant.

[SPEAKER_03]
The drugs, by the way, did the drugs actually make a difference?
Did you perceive that the drugs made any kind of positive difference?

[SPEAKER_05]
She was only on them three weeks before this happened.
So there, I, there was really no time to, you know, in one week she was in the inpatient facility.
So there was no time.
Wow, any results.

[SPEAKER_03]
Um, the results happened very quickly though.
I mean, so she went from not, I mean, that, that's a, that's a huge change in one week.

[SPEAKER_05]
But I kept pristine that London was just a normal kid with feelings, you know, but, but the counselor and the psychiatrist told me there was more to it.
And, and I believe
that some of the counseling and the psychiatrist psychiatric evaluations that were perceived to her, I actually think it put this narrative in her own head, because it started when she was 11.
that it was just making her feel like, what's wrong with me?
And when you're 11 years old, you cannot grasp the concept of what truly is going on.
These are normal feelings and you're going through hormone changes.
But when you're getting told this by professionals and you're 11, I just can't even imagine how that feels.
And I just think that some of it was
you know, pushed on her and her thoughts, you know, and London was a very, very mature, 11, 12 year old.
She wasn't fidgety.
She wasn't, you know, she did very well in school.
She was very focused.
She knew what she wanted, you know, she, she had dreams and, you know, like, you know, she wanted to go in the Air Force to become a commercial pilot.
You know, who says that at 12 years old, you know,
And like I said, I just think that this narrative, and then they ask you questions like, are you going to harm yourself?
Have you thought about taking pills?
Have you thought about cutting yourself?
Like, why do they ask children these questions that's putting ideas in their head?
I don't understand it.
You know, and then now I've gone through her medical records.
I found out that they actually allowed her to self-diagnose herself.
She self-diagnosed herself and she had anxiety, a seven out of 10, but depression was zero out of 10, but they still diagnosed her with major depressive disorder.
Does that make any sense?

[SPEAKER_03]
It makes no sense to me.
No, it sure doesn't.

[SPEAKER_05]
I later learned that
The insurance company decided they weren't going to pay anymore.
So they changed her diagnoses to no harm to self, to discharge her.
That was never disclosed to me.
I found that out going through her medical records later.
I mean, there's so many failures to London's story.
It's horrendous.
You know, back with the phone stuff.
I had timers on her phones.
I took her phone at night.
We didn't have the phones at dinner table, restaurants.
You know, I was a present mom, but it still got to us.

[SPEAKER_03]
What do you think the key thing that caused her to go into this spiral?
I mean, what was it?
Do you think there was a physical problem?
Do you think that she was going through stress mentally that counseling with a psychologist, for example, could have
made better?
What was the instigator?
How could this whole spiral have been prevented?
If you look back on it, do you have any insights?

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, ultimately, I mean, her and I discussed a couple of times.
She had just deleted Snapchat two or three times because she would see friends doing things without her and it would start to get to her and
and she made a decision to delete it and we had discussed it.
And then she would add it back because then she'd say that, well, my dad can't find where I'm at because my location on Snapchat.
And then she'd add it back.
And it was just this vicious cycle.
But I really think that
It just was a combination of it all.
It was the social media, the narrative from the psychiatrist.
She didn't see a psychiatrist on a regular basis.
She just seen a counselor one or two days a week.
And that's another thing is they never had me follow up with a psychiatrist.
This is something that I'm finding out
You're supposed to have follow-up with psychiatrists.
There was no appointment in place when she was discharged.

[SPEAKER_03]
Who diagnosed the prozac in the first place?

[SPEAKER_05]
The inpatient facility and the psychiatrist.
But she didn't see one on a weekly basis.

[SPEAKER_03]
Do you think that if she wasn't prescribed prozac that she would be alive today?

[SPEAKER_05]
Oh, very much so.

[SPEAKER_03]
So that was a big, that was the big change.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
When the night that she told me that she took some pills, I kind of describe it to everybody as like, it was almost like I was looking right through my daughter.
She had no emotion.
It wasn't even London.
She just stood at the end of the hallway screaming, I'm sorry, I didn't mean it.
And ultimately we walked her into the hospital, she was fine.
The hospital never pumped her stomach, never gave her activated charcoal.
I believe that the hospital failed us as well, but that's another story.

[SPEAKER_03]
Why didn't the hospital pump her stomach?

[SPEAKER_05]
We asked them numerous times and the last time the doctor told me that it's old school and they don't do it anymore.

[SPEAKER_03]
They had a better treatment.

[SPEAKER_05]
I'm still waiting to see that even on paper.

[SPEAKER_03]
Do you at the time when when she was taken to the hospital, do you know what she overdosed on and was that communicated to the hospital?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yes, it was well butchern.

[SPEAKER_03]
And they, so the hospital knew what she overdosed on.

[SPEAKER_05]
That's correct.

[SPEAKER_03]
Wow.

[SPEAKER_05]
They knew, they knew everything.
It had only been, I was, you know, just always involved in my girls' life.
You know, anytime I walked up and down the hall, I had walked up and down the hall three or four times that night, you know, I always peeked my head in and I'm communicated with them.
Just, you know, giving them a hug or just something, you know, making a face at them.
So,
It by the time that this had happened, it had only been 45 minutes by the time she had told me.
And they had plenty of time to save her and they didn't do anything.
And the doctor basically told me that I don't even think we have activated charcoal in this hospital.
And so by that narrative of saying, I think obviously she hadn't even checked.
I found out later this doctor hadn't even had her license for not even a year.
And then I found out later from a social worker from that hospital and another doctor that they actually left the entire ER go that after what had happened to London.

[SPEAKER_03]
Wow.
Yeah.
That's, that is amazing that that ever happened.
You know, because usually there's, there's, there is no, there are no repercussions.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
It happened.
There's no accountability.
So that, good for the hospital for doing that.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, anything else that you'd like people to know in terms of, hey, if I could send a message to everybody listening right now, what would that message be?

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, one thing that I found out, there's a lot to nutrient deficiencies that reflect on our depression and anxiety.
And those are more root cause healing and interventions that people need to start digging into.
I've discovered I still had a little bit of London's blood from the autopsy.
I have contacted Dr. Selma.
I can boom.
She has performed a gene variant of pharmacogenomics testing on her.
And London did have different gene variants where, you know, like her effects of dopamine breakdown and stress response.
you know, with her liver, like she had decreased function and couldn't like, you know, transport medications to her liver properly.
You know, these are tests.
I had actually told the psychiatrist that she had tried wallbuter and she didn't like how she was on it and she was on it for two weeks.
I stopped it.
That's when I made the decision to try the vitamins.
Then we did five milligrams of Prozac, like a few months later,
She was on that for five days.
And I told the psychiatrist, all this stuff, and that should have red flagged that he should have done a gene site testing on her.
And I'm finding this out now and they never, never, you know, gave me the option.
I found out, you know, they can't use the excuse that my insurance would pay for it because I found out they would cover it.
So,
I don't understand why they're not doing these tests.
I had a friend that I advise this to and her stepson was on medications, two medications that are in his, he should never take list because they create three columns and do, they do gene site testing.
One is that is safe, you know, column of medications.
And then there's kind of like a medium,
um, that's okay, but not the best choice.
And then there's a column that is like to never take these medications.
And he was taking two of these medications that he should never take.
And they basically were thinking that he was schizophrenic and had bipolar and come to find out as if this is a reaction in these medications because of his gene variants, you know, and I really think that people need to dig more into this.
And I'm, I'm sure that
You know, Kim and Dr. Roger, they're familiar with this stuff and it needs to be exploited more.

[SPEAKER_03]
Thank you for sharing your story with us today.
So, Olivia, can we open it up for questions?

[SPEAKER_02]
I've got a few questions here to start with Dr. Roger from Bull City NC.
A family member has attempted to taper from SSRIs twice.
The unbearable part of it is obsessive rumination and he has not been able to bear it and has gone back to the meds.
How can this be treated?

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, it depends on how the taper was provided.
So what has been standard and typical in the American health care system is that people are being tapered off these drugs way too fast.
As Danielle was mentioning earlier, I mean, this is what happened to her.
I'm sure she's going under more effective care trying to get off the SSRI right now.
There's a type of tapering called hyperbolic tapering.
And the basic to that is it's very small dose reductions, typically around 10% per month.
Those who are trying to get off the drug
are usually using compound pharmacies to help them go with very slow 10% reductions.
Because what happens is once you get near the end of the taper, 10% of like 100 milligrams of Zoloft, there's only 10 milligrams, but once you get down to 10 milligrams, what you see with doctors is doing these really big jumps and you're seeing these symptoms that
are very similar to what that gentleman said.
So I would really look into hyperbolic tapering.
Slow and steady is really what seems to be most effective.
And when you get near the end of the taper where the drug is still
um occupying the receptor it's even it's very small doses you should be being monitored by a medical professional um and that's the most important thing like look into the work of Anders Sorensen for example or Mark Harwitz uh it's called hyperbolic tapering and uh the Modsley approach and make sure the medical professional who is overseeing that psychiatric drug taper
is well educated on hyperbolic tapering.

[SPEAKER_02]
It does seem like the regular psychiatrists don't even know about anything you're talking about now with tapering.
It's designed to fail.
If you have withdrawals, my experience is that they blame, oh, you see, you need to go back up because you're not doing well without the medication.
And the standard pharmacies can't go below like five milligrams or something like that.
So you're not going to be able to get those micro doses that you need.
And it's just designed to fail.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, I mean, that's exactly what's happening.
And the physicians are using that as justification.
They're entering into withdrawal.
They're using it for justification to go back on the drug.
It also gets a little bit more complicated than that.
A lot of people who are placed on psychiatric drugs to begin with, that often started in very young ages, potentially adolescents, which is key periods of time for emotion regulation.
You learn how to deal with thoughts and emotions around those developmental stages.
So when people are trying to get off the drug, not only are they being taken off the drug too quickly, but they're also been really induced to fear their internal experiences.
So once they have thoughts that they
They term to be intrusive or they start experiencing emotions again.
It really requires a really strong professional to help them to learn how to tolerate those emotions and deal with intrusive thoughts.
So the most important thing is you're under good care and that's quite hard to find now in American culture.

[SPEAKER_02]
And one of the other things I learned that can help is preparing your terrain, meaning your diet's important, making sure you're eating healthy, getting enough sleep, not looking at screens.
None of these things, from my experience again, are none of this information's coming from the psychiatrist.
They don't really encourage you to stay healthy, get fit.

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, that's that term of what is healthy now has become way too controversial.
So for example, I see the drugs as mitochondrial poisons.
And so in talking with what I think are the most innovative physicians is a diet that is high in saturated fat, even a ketogenic diet seems to ease the symptoms.
And then depending on who you're talking to in American medical,
system is they might judge diets that are high in saturated fat to be heart unhealthy or other, you know, what I see as nonsensical understandings of nutrition.
So it's such a challenge to find really good science backed information because we've been propagandized for so many decades.

[SPEAKER_02]
So true.
Question for Danny from Paul DTN.
Have the Ganskis taken any legal action against any of these doctors?

[SPEAKER_08]
No, we have not.
You know, what I've often thought about like going back and like sharing my video and my Wall Street Journal article with him, but I, you know, I don't, I don't think
I don't think that would do anything.
I don't think he knows any better.

[SPEAKER_07]
I mean, what do you think?
I don't know.
And also at that time, I think the doctor just thought at that time was the right thing what the pamphlets told him.
So I don't think it wasn't intentional, right?
Now, maybe they didn't listen to Danielle when she was describing her symptoms.
So we did not take any legal action.
We just want to spread awareness and get the word out of what happened to her, hopefully.

[SPEAKER_08]
I think that's really the main thing is
creating changes and pushing for reforms that prevent this from happening to anyone else.
I think that would be more productive rather than suing a single doctor.
I don't think that's really going to change anything.
And there's just so much to this that I have so many things and reforms that we're pushing for that I'm really excited.

[SPEAKER_02]
Kim, are you aware of any successful legal actions against any psychiatrist in this arena?

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, there have been people who have sued.
It's very hard to do, you know, even the drug companies, because there's warning, you can't sue them anymore.
The physicians themselves, it's a very hard, a lot of lawyers don't want to take it, you know, so there are a few attorneys that will do it, but it's a very hard road to travel.
And I think, I mean, obviously, and London didn't or sure I didn't really talked about it, but I know there's some social media litigation that's going on right now to do with harms around social media.
So, I think there's other avenues, but.
I think the big litigation, it's very hard to sue.
I know like when we took on with my doctor, we did not take on the doctor because a lot of times the companies have kept this information from the doctors.
So they were kind of in the dark.
Now today, all these years later, I don't think they should be, and there's no excuse.
But back then, and probably truthfully, when you think about Danny how many years ago that was, they were probably part of the system that didn't know.
And one of the things when we were talking about withdrawal, when you were just asking Roger, one of the documents that came out of litigation during discovery was a document where Pfizer was actually asked by the FDA to talk about withdrawal symptoms.
And they said, let's not,
Give it to proactively give the information to the FDA, but we'll have the symptoms prepared in case they insist.
So this idea of withdrawal has been something that has been known for a very long, long time.
even looking at why Paxil didn't want to talk to, and that was one of the hardest ones to get off, and why they didn't want to tell people about it.
It's a document that has a big money bag on it that they presented to their sales staff that said it's worth billions of dollars.
The reality is it's coming from all angles, but now we're seeing the effects of it decades later.

[SPEAKER_02]
Question for Sharay from Jennifer Moller.
Did London get the HPV vaccine at 11?
No, did not.
And I have a comment for you from C. Jennifer to comment.
Not a question, but I'll read it here.
They tried to do those questions to my child at public school.
She is homeschooled shortly after and that school will never forget who I am guaranteed.
So sad.
And sorry for your loss.
Um, question, uh, for, let me go back up here for Dr. McPhillon from Emerson BT.
Can you list side effects after long SSRI use that people might not connect to the SSRI?
Constipation is known.
How about gastroparesis and other serious GI tract issues?

[SPEAKER_01]
You know, one of the things that I've learned from all the years of working in this field is that every one's biology is different and
the molecule, the serotonin which the drug acts on, we really know little.
This is an ancient molecule that affects the entire system, right?
So we know that serotonin originates in the gut, it interacts with our, it's bi-directional relationship with hormones, with gut microbiome, it affects the mitochondria.
So when people start feeling unwell after taking a drug,
The thing we need to be better at is looking at the drug.
The iotrogenic harm of these products often is just
overlooked because we've been conditioned to think these drugs are medicinal with very little side effects at all.
So although it's difficult to point to any one potential side effect, the big ones that I think are most important for the audience to know is that these drugs can induce permanent sexual dysfunction.
can increase the likelihood that you might want to die by suicide.
They can worsen depression.
They can worsen mood.
And then they have a range of metabolic effects that often, again, are not understood by the practicing physicians.
So of course, yes, gastroparesis and as well as a number of gastrointestinal problems are something that is probably more frequent side effect of the drug.

[SPEAKER_02]
Thank you for that.
All right.
So I want to just go around and Danielle, I know you're doing some activism work.
Can you tell us about what you're doing now to help others in, in their difficult situations?

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.
So basically we're working to, um, I work with ACE anti-depressant coalition for education, which is the only nonprofit in the U S focused on the adverse effects of anti-depressants and withdrawal.
So we're working to advance
updated drug labeling, stronger warnings, evidence-based tapering guidelines that reflect the real harms and lived experience of patients and bring national awareness.
So patients are currently not being warned about the most serious adverse effects because current US antidepressant drug labels don't clearly inform patients or physicians that these medications can lead to physical dependence.
severe and protracted withdrawal lasting years or permanently long-term consequences such as permanent sexual dysfunction, emotional blunting, cognitive damage, that can continue even after the drug has stopped.
So actually for many years now, there actually were clinicians and scientists that have submitted multiple petitions to the FDA urging them to update SSRI labels to include this.
And the nonprofit I serve on the board of has also submitted a petition
that remains unresolved.
And in the meantime, patients are being blindsided by these life altering outcomes.
They were never warned that can happen.
So there's a lot of reforms that need to happen.
And I think one of the urgent ones is updating drug labels and then also maybe adding black box warnings.
Like that's the strongest morning the FDA can issue because so patients can truly make an informed decision before starting these medications.
Right now, we need national evidence-based tapering guidelines to help clinicians safely discontinue antidepressants because there's no authoritative, widely implemented guidelines.
the doctors are relying on very dangerous outdated guidance that can lead to injury.
And, you know, I'm really grateful.
So, you know, leaders like Secretary Kennedy have shown courage to begin addressing these long ignored issues.
And for the first time in decades, there's an opportunity to have like a really honest conversation about the true risks of these drugs.
And
the shortcomings of the current system and to better protect patients because it's not about being anti-medication.
It's about transparency and ensuring that people are fully informed before making potentially life-altering decisions.
And, you know, I just really passionate about pushing these reforms forward.
And I don't... Also, I think something that most people don't really know is that these
SSRIs were approved based on short-term clinical trials that only lasted about like six to 12 weeks.
But in real life, people remain on these drugs for years.
So there's a major evidence gap.
And what happens when developing brains are exposed to these medications for years?
What are the long-term neurological effects?
What happens when people try to stop these drugs after decades of use?
You know, those things were never meaningfully studied before these medications were widely prescribed.
So in reality, the true long-term study began after the drugs were already on market.
So when millions of patients were already taking them for years.
So my generation is now confronting these questions in real time, you know, children who were placed on medications in the like early 2000s, now adults beginning to see the true consequences of exposing
um, developing brains to these powerful drugs for years.
And what we're seeing is profound permanent effects, emotional blunting, cognitive damage, uh, violent inner agitation, life altering withdrawal.
And, um, yeah.
So it's just, it's crazy.

[SPEAKER_02]
How many, if any longterm studies are being done now and when did they start?

[SPEAKER_08]
Um,

[SPEAKER_02]
And camera Roger, if you know the answer to that, feel, feel free to jump in.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.
I feel like that's a good question.
Uh, I, I know the longterm study is basically happening in the real world right now.
I don't know if there's, I do, we need studies.
Like we're seriously lacking this really good longterm research.
So I think that's something that I also really want to push for is this longterm research and,
on, you know, people tapering and different ways of tapering.
And I think that's what's really needed.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
And I was going to say, I believe that the NIH, this is one of the things that they're going to be looking at is some long term, like to study this issue because to Danny's point, the majority of the drugs came on the market was six to eight to 12 weeks and are taken for decades.
And what is the impact for
on little brains that are developing through and also like I know there's work and studies that need to be done around this sexual PSSD, which Roger mentioned earlier.
As well as, I know we need studies around the violence aspect, which is something that I know is uncomfortable for people to talk about, but that is something that does need to have the connection.
And we have to look into that as well.

[SPEAKER_02]
100%.
Anything you want to add to that?
The studies, Roger?

[SPEAKER_01]
Unfortunately, I don't think there's incentive out there for money to be funded for these type of studies.
I mean, one of the things that should happen is these should be done on the front end before the drug ever comes to market.
So unfortunately, we're in this position where it's driven by consumers who've been taking this drug and experienced the harm, or sometimes we're able to get enough information from like product liability suits where we're able to see the discovery where
The drug companies themselves were actually communicating about these harms before they ever pushed it to the FDA.
So the way the system's broken, you have to be able to prove a drug is safe and effective before it goes to market, not after millions and millions of people have been exposed to that drug.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, and then those profiting off it challenge people like Steve to go ahead and do the study yourself.
And don't actually ask the system to do the studies.
Yeah, absolutely.

[SPEAKER_03]
Sharan.
I got a long list of studies I need to fund.

[SPEAKER_02]
Right.
Yeah, it's great.
Sharan, I understand you also have an initiative.
I want to see if you want to share with the audience what you're doing, the stolen lives picnic.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yes, I am.
I was asked to have the first stolen lives picnic ever outside of the UK.
Katinka Newman in antidepressant risks has put this event on for the last four years in London in the UK.
And she has asked me if I would like to hold that I have
Book the event.
Our location is our state Michigan capital.
This is creating a safe environment for anyone that has had any kind of adverse effects from prescribed medications.
This is International Prescribed Harm Awareness Day, which is July 29.
We're having the event from 11 to 9.
Anybody's welcome.
I just wanted to create this as a safe place.
You know, even anybody that I has lost their life to suicide or lost a loved one to suicide, you know, because they say that one person committing suicide, it normally affects 80 people closely to them.
But we're just, Kim is going to speak for us there.
Derek Blumke, Jesse, and I'm working on others as well.
If you have any suggestions, that'd be great.
We're just going to have a picnic, literally throw a blanket out and just have a safe place for everybody to
just reflect and raise awareness.
And I'm asking everybody to bring a picture of a loved one and real display that there as well.
And I've had some volunteers offer to, you know, they're going to be doing like yoga, they're on the lawn with people and, you know, just, just some interactive stuff to just get everybody to join together and, you know, create awareness and

[SPEAKER_02]
Is there a is there a website that our audience can track the event with established yet?

[SPEAKER_05]
It is being announced on antidepressantwrists.org out of the UK.
And I also have created a Facebook event for that.
It is linked to TicketTaylor.
TicketTaylor has the tickets.
They're not for sale.
It's just basically to get a headcount.
So I kind of have an idea of
um, how many we're going to have at the event and, you know, to just kind of coordinate around that if need be.

[SPEAKER_02]
Um, and then can you repeat that first website that way?
Janet can put it in the chat for our audience as well.

[SPEAKER_05]
It's antidepressant risks.org.

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay.
Great.

[UNKNOWN]
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_05]
And then the, um, the Facebook page that I have is just stolen lives picnic.

[SPEAKER_02]
Thank you so much.
Kim, how can we continue to follow the work that you're doing?

[SPEAKER_06]
Yes, well, you can follow me on X. I'm always on X. I love X. Instagram as well as my sub-stack, the acceptable or unacceptable collateral damage when I write.
I am in the process of writing a book to kind of tell this story.
And also, I think I just wanted to mention a couple of things before closing because there is a, everybody should know about this.
There is a written informed consent bill.
that Derek Blonkey and the whole, the veterans community is trying to push through.
And I do believe with having the veterans being the first, it'll kind of push out to the mainstream, but it's a written informed consent bill for the VA.
Anybody being prescribed these psychiatric drugs?
So I don't have the bill number right now, but maybe we could follow up and add that to the chat.
But I think everybody should support it because it's getting pressure from the other side in actually coming from the big organizations, the Psychiatric Association, that doesn't think warning invites scare people, which you just heard the stories today.
Yeah, they're absolutely right.
Yeah, I mean, it's good to scare people, right?
Right.
But that is what we all should know is as, you know, anybody who's taking these medications, I always say, you know, the system, we should be scared because it's information.
It's not to say we're not going to take it, but if we don't know what we don't know, we get blindsided.
And that is what happens on, it doesn't matter if it's antidepressants, antipsychotics or the vaccines, it's all of it.
So.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
Inform consent.
Inform consent, exactly.
Exactly.
Nothing wrong with that.
Dr. Roger, how do we continue to follow you and your work?

[SPEAKER_01]
On Substack, my radically genuine Substack has been in the bestseller list for health politics.
It's usually in the top 10 of rising publications.
So check me out on Substack.
Also, the radically genuine podcast, you can download that wherever you get your podcast.
But those are the two major areas.
If you want to follow me on X, it's at Dr. McPhillon and on Instagram at radically genuine.

[SPEAKER_02]
Fantastic.
He does great work.
So go listen to the podcast and go to his sub stack.
And Danielle, how do we end Nancy?
How do we follow you and keep track of the work you're doing?

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.
So you can follow me on Instagram at Daniel Ganski.
And then I'm also on Twitter and TikTok, the same name, Danielle Ganski.

[SPEAKER_02]
Great.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_07]
And I install her stuff, so.

[SPEAKER_02]
Great.
There's so many more questions and things, but I know we're running really long and I want to thank you all for being here tonight.
I want to thank our audience for hanging in tonight on this extremely important and difficult subject matter and episode.

[SPEAKER_07]
Thank you for having us.
Thank you.
Thanks for having us.
Yes.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_02]
Thank you.
Thank you.
Hang in there, Steve.
I got in the audience, I got a few announcements to make before we finish off tonight.
And I want to, before I close, I want to take a moment to thank everyone who makes this work possible.
BSRF is a small, independent nonprofit.
Everything we do, the weekly broadcast, the research,
The investigative conversations and the advocacy is supported by people like you who believe in accountability, informed consent, and open scientific dialogue.
Each week we bring together physicians, scientists, journalists, attorneys, policymakers, vaccine-injured individuals, and families to have conversations that are often difficult to have in other forums.
Our goal is simple to ask honest questions, examine evidence, and create space for open discussion about complex public health issues.
these conversations matter to you and you value the work that we're doing, please consider supporting VSRF.
You can donate at backsafety.org, backslash donate or text VSRF to 53555 and Janet will put the link in the chat.
And I also want to thank you for your support and being part of this community.
There's an update on Cody.
I'd like to ask our community to please keep Cody in your prayers.
Cody is a young man who has been suffering from serious health complications following the COVID vaccine, including a severe clotting disorder.
This past Sunday, he suffered his fifth stroke.
and is currently hospitalized.
His doctors are preparing him for advanced heart imaging and depending on what they find, he may require heart surgery.
His family is asked for prayers during this incredibly difficult time.
If you feel moved to help, there is also a GiveSendGo fundraiser supporting Cody and his family.
and Janet will place that link in the chat.
Please keep Cody and his mom, Heather, in your thoughts and prayers as they are with you tonight, Heather and Cody.
Also, AICP, or the ACIP, sorry, the ACIP.
ACIP.
ACIP, that meeting, I'm gonna put this up, is approaching and we have until March 12th to make our voices heard
Now is the time to submit public comments and share the reality of COVID vaccine injuries so the committee hears directly from the people affected, not just bureaucrats.
The comment deadline is March 12th.
Submit your comment at regulations.gov.
That's regulations.gov under docket number CDC-2026-0199.
Share your story.
Spread the word.
and don't let the injured be ignored.
And finally, next week, let me get the thumbnail up on next week, we welcome back the incredible Dr. Mary Talley Bowden for an important conversation on patient advocacy, medical freedom,
and the evolving landscape of public health.
Dr. Bowden has been a leading voice speaking out about patient rights, treatment access, and the challenges physicians face when questioning prevailing medical narratives.
We look forward to another thoughtful and timely discussion you won't want to miss.
And Steve, tonight we're going to close with a clip from attorney
Aaron Siri, speaking earlier this week on the Joe Rogan experience in this excerpt, Siri discusses the legal framework surrounding vaccines in the United States, including the national childhood vaccine injury of 1986 and how that law shaped liability protections for vaccine manufacturers.
As always, we encourage viewers to continue examining the evidence, asking questions, and engaging thoughtfully on complex public health issues.
Steve, thank you tonight.
Great, great job again.
As always, it's, uh, yeah, difficult episode, but I want, uh, to remind everyone, take care of yourselves out there, do some self work and, um, be good to yourselves.
It's, these are challenging times.
Totally.
And I want to thank again, our guests again and thank our audience for being here.
We'll see you all next week.

[SPEAKER_03]
Thank you all for being here.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
Have a, have a great rest of your evening.
Good night.
Enjoy the clip.

[SPEAKER_00]
It causes incredible cognitive dissonance for anybody out there to come to the conclusion that the CDC and the FDA and our public health authorities and what the entire medical establishment has been telling you may not be accurate about vaccines.
Because like what you just said, the claim that you're a flat earther
You're an anti-vaxxer.
Yeah.
Dersers.
And they're used as a way to say you are really out there and dumb, right?
They're completely equal in their impact.
And so it takes incredible cognitive dissonance to say there are real problems with vaccines.
But vaccines really sit in their own little universe.
They're unlike any other medical product.
They're not like penicillin.
They're not like any other drugs.
They're not like any other product out there, any other product in this room, anything out there for one major reason.
Every other product that exists, I can sue the company.
I can hold them accountable.
if that product injures or kills you or your child on the basis that product could have been safer.
The only product, and I mean this literally, the only product in America where you cannot sue to say, had you made that product safer,
My child wouldn't be dead.
My child wouldn't be seriously injured.
They wouldn't have a neurological disorder.
They wouldn't have a immunological disorder.
They wouldn't have a nervous system disorder.
They wouldn't have a cardiac issue or childhood vaccines and child vaccines used by adults.
It's the only one.
And that's because of a law called the National Childhood Vaccine Injury Act of 1986.
But in the instance of vaccines leading up to 1986, there were only three routine vaccines.
That's it.
That's all there was.
A child following the CDC schedule in 1986 got three injections on or before their first birthday.
Those three products were causing so much harm and injury
that every manufacturer of them went out of business, and that was the MMR vaccine, the DTP and the OPV vaccine.
Every single one, from six down to one, or for the Pirtussis vaccine, six down from measles, about three down from polio, and with one company left,
for each.
Instead of forcing them to do what every other industry has to do, like I said, make better building materials without asbestos.
Make better cars that don't explode.
Go down the chain of different products out there.
Congress did something completely unique.
It said, you know what?
We're just going to give you immunity.
We're going to make it so that
no company, excuse me, no individual, no parent, no child can sue you for the injuries and deaths caused by your vaccine products.
That is what the National Childhood Vaccine Injury Act, 1906, did.
And not only for those three products, but for any other childhood vaccine thereafter.
And what that effectively has done is given 40 years
for the industry to promote their products and no pushback.
When you read about a problem with a car, where are you reading about it from?
Usually a class action lawsuit in the paper, right?
Not going to read about that in vaccines typically.
