[SPEAKER_02]
Hello darkness, my old friend I've come to talk with you again Because a vision softly creeping Left its seeds while I was sleeping And the vision that was planted in my brain Still remains
Within the sound of silence In restless dreams I walk the road Now the streets they call us home Meet the hill of a streetland I take my car
When my eyes were stared by the flash of a neon light, I split the night.
I'm so silent, but silent.
And in the naked light I saw, 10,000 people, maybe more.
People talking without speaking,
People hearing without listening.
People writing songs that voices never share.
No one did.
Just heard the sound of silence.
Food said, I do not know.
Silence like a cancer grows.
Hear my words that I might teach you.
Take my arms that I might reach you.
But my words, like silent raindrops fell.
And no need for words of silence.
And the people bowed in praise.
to the young God they made.
And the sign branched out in its warning, in the word that it was born in.
And the sign said the words of the prophets are written on the subway walls.
The tunnel went home in the spring.

[SPEAKER_00]
Tonight on VSRF Live, we welcome back Dr. Mary Talley-Boden to discuss her upcoming new book, Dangerous Misinformation, the Virus, the Treatments, and the Lives.

[SPEAKER_03]
The government, it's called the CICP, that's the countermeasures injury compensation program.
They're supposed to help these patients.
They have denied 98% of people that have applied for assistance.
They've awarded 30 people, 30, of all the vaccine injured that have applied, 30 people.
On average, the award is like $4,000 for these people.
It's horrible.
I mean, these people's lives are just destroyed.
These are not easy things to treat, and the government really needs to help these people.
There's a lot of people suffering, and they're getting completely ignored.

[SPEAKER_00]
Hello and welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm Livio Sanchez and thank you for joining us this evening.
Tomorrow marks six years since lockdowns first began reshaping daily life across the United States and much of the world.
What started as an emergency response quickly evolved into one of the most consequential public health experiments
in modern history, with limited data and intense political pressure shaping many of the decisions that followed.
In the years since, many questions have emerged about how those decisions were made from treatment protocols and vaccine policy to the role of government agencies, medical institutions, and the boundaries of physician autonomy.
Tonight's guest has been at the center of that conversation.
Dr. Mary Tally-Boden is a Houston-based physician and founder of BreatheMD, who treated thousands of COVID patients during the pandemic using early treatment protocols and later became a prominent voice challenging institutional mandates and restrictions on physicians.
She has continued to speak out about transparency in medicine, patient rights, and what she believes are serious, unanswered questions surrounding COVID policy and vaccine safety.
In her clinical practice today, she also treats patients suffering from injuries following the COVID-19 mRNA shots.
Her soon-to-be-released new book, Dangerous Misinformation, the Virus, the Treatments, and the Lies, reflects on the experiences that shaped her views and raises deeper questions about how medical consensus is formed
and who gets to challenge it.
Before we begin tonight's conversation, we want to take a moment to acknowledge one of the real human stories behind these debates.
I want to take a moment to ask for your thoughts and prayers for Cody.
He is currently hospitalized and battling what doctors believe to be a severe vaccine injury.
Florida Surgeon General Joe Ladopo recently visited Cody in the hospital to show his support and to better understand
the devastating injuries some patients are experiencing.
In fact, I actually have a photo of that, uh, of Dr. Latipo I want to share here on the screen with Cody.
Cody was a healthy runner before his COVID vaccination and is now suffering from a severe autoimmune clotting disorder that has caused multiple strokes and serious heart complications.
His family continues to advocate not only for Cody,
but for recognition and care for all vaccine-injured individuals.
If you're able, there is also a GiveSendGo fundraiser to help support Cody and his family during this incredibly difficult time.
And Janet will place the link in the chat.
And now I'd like to bring on the founder of the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation, Steve Kirsch.
Steve, how are you this evening?
Welcome to BSRF Live.

[SPEAKER_01]
I checked my microphone and it was on, so I wouldn't make that mistake again.

[SPEAKER_00]
I'm dead, Livio.
How are you?
I'm doing well.
I just recently returned from DC.
I was at the MAHA Institute's massive epidemic on vaccine injury roundtable, and it was a really fantastic event.
Were there any mainstream press there?
There were.
The New York Times was there.
The Washington.

[SPEAKER_01]
The New York Times was there?
Apparently.

[SPEAKER_00]
Are you serious?
That's what I was told.
I did tell this.
I sat next to a journalist from an organization called Notice, N-O-T-U-S, News of the United States.
I had not heard of them.
It was a young journalist.
I did ask her about how she felt about vaccine injuries and if she knew anyone.
And she didn't really want to talk much.
It's my experience with journalists at these events that do show up from the mainstream.
She did acknowledge that she had some colleagues who claimed to be vaccine injured.
She also said that it's a very difficult issue for her to report on.
And I asked her about her personal opinion, which she didn't want to talk about.

[SPEAKER_01]
Did she say why it's difficult for her to report on it?

[SPEAKER_00]
I mean, just didn't want to get into journalists are only supposed to report.

[SPEAKER_01]
the facts, right?
Yeah, it's so difficult.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, I did ask her that and and it was I was met with a little bit of like, let's not talk.
So that was all right.
I did read her article.
She only talked about the beginning of it, Mark Gordon's presentation that didn't get any of the different topics that the big roundtables were about.
So yeah, the legacy media did show up.
They're still not fully reporting anything.
that goes against their narratives.
How many people were at the event?
It was a pretty full room.
I would say there's about 250 people.
And you were missed at the event.
Many people were asking about you.
Still are.
Yeah, you're still, yeah, I told them that you were doing as well as could be and doing well and send your, your, your hellos as well.
So I'll get into that next week with next week's guest into the epidemic.
But let's bring on our featured guest
Dr. Mary Talley Bowden, welcome back to VSRF Live.
How are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_03]
I'm great.
Thank you so much for having me.

[SPEAKER_00]
It's so great to have you back.
And before we get started, I want to read your bio.
I would like to welcome you back.
Dr. Bowden is a board certified physician in both sleep medicine and completed her residency at Stanford University.
She is the founder of BreatheMD.
A patient-centered medical practice focused on treating sinus, sleep, and allergy disorders while offering a more efficient and accessible approach to care.
Dr. Bowden has been a leading advocate for physician autonomy and early treatment options, including ivermectin, and has spoken extensively about the importance of allowing doctors to treat patients based on their clinical judgment.
In her practice today, she also treats many patients suffering from injuries following the COVID-19 mRNA shots.
She is the founder of Americans for Health Freedom, a senior fellow with the Independent Medical Alliance, and a member of the Board of Directors for the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation.
We're grateful to have her joining us tonight.
And before I leave you, too, I want to share an important update with our viewers.
We have launched a new petition calling on Congress to repeal the 1986 law that shields vaccine manufacturers from civil liability and restore the right of Americans to hold corporations accountable for negligent harm.
I'm going to go ahead and share my screen so you can see what it is that we are starting here.
Here it comes.
And this is the home screen to that petition that we started.
Dr. Bowden helped us create this effort.
And we're asking everyone watching tonight to take a moment to sign the petition.
Janet will place the link in the chat.
And at the end of the show, I will also be playing a short video with featuring Mary Talibotic describing exactly what this law is, the history of this law, and why it's important to sign this petition.
And also before I
Head out to leave a conversation with Steve.
I want to remind our audience.
We will be having an audience Q&A.
So if you have questions for Dr. Bowden or for Steve or myself, please feel free to put them in the chat all caps and I will get to as many as possible.
Okay, Steve, go ahead and take it away.

[SPEAKER_01]
Thanks, Lario.
Yeah, I sure hope that we get millions and millions of signatures on that petition.
So, Mary, welcome.
Yeah, I was just, I just got a message yesterday from my friend, Simo Haltra.
Do you know what's happening to him?

[SPEAKER_03]
I saw a hint of it, but I didn't have time to dig into it.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, so they want to take away his medical license because he has spoken out saying that the vaccines may not be as safe as what you were told, and therefore that creates distrust in the medical community.
And apparently that's not permitted to do that.
But you see,
The issue is that silencing doctors who speak out actually does more to create mistrust in the medical community than for them to basically silence doctors who are speaking the truth.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, there's always the strizand effect.
And it is interesting that they're coming after him now.
You know, he spoke out initially years ago, right?
So I'm curious what prompted
them to all of a sudden take action.
Do you know the details on that?
Was it something new he said?

[SPEAKER_01]
No, not as far as I'm aware of.
It was like, oh, well, the board received complaints about him.
Oh, man.
So we'll see what happens.
I asked him what we could do to help him.
And he said, stay tuned.
Let's see what happens over the next week or two.
And he'll let me know.
But I think it's quite disturbing that the way we deal with doctors who speak out is
I mean, we should be engaging in a public debate.
And I mean, if you really wanted transparency, you would be engaged in a public debate and that you show you allow the public to decide who's telling the truth.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right.
And of course, the other side wants nothing to do with that.
But you know, we are suing, so there's an organization.
There's one in the United States called the Federation of State Medical Boards.
And there's actually an international arm of that.
I can't remember the acronym.
It starts with an I, IAMRA, I think.
which may be involved with what's going on with Asim, but the Federation of State Medical Boards issued out an edict to all 50 state medical boards telling them to go after doctors for spreading misinformation.
It was on their free speech rights.
And this happened in the fall of 2021.
This was surrounding the mandate of the COVID shots.
And we all of us got our notices all around the same time.
And it was doctors all over the country.
And four of us have banded together to sue six medical boards, the heads of these medical boards personally, and the Federation of State Medical Boards for infringing on our free speech rights.
And this happened internationally as well.
And it would not surprise me if the international arm of FSMB is wrapped up in what's going on with the team.

[SPEAKER_01]
So how's that lawsuit going?

[SPEAKER_03]
Like all lawsuits, very slowly.
They've been served.
They've asked for an extension because I don't know if you heard that Ken Paxton
is supposed to represent the medical board and I've got two lawsuits now against the medical board so this one regarding the free speech issue because I was turned into the medical board based on testimony I made in court.
Uh, talk about protected speech.

[SPEAKER_01]
That's about the most protective speech you can get.

[SPEAKER_03]
That's when they turned me in.
Now they turned it into a fishing expedition and they ultimately decided, well, I'm guilty because I sent a nurse to the hospital without privileges, but it all started based on testimony I made in court.
So that's where the free speech lawsuit comes in.

[SPEAKER_01]
What did you say in court?
I mean, you can't, you can't silence anything or what people say in court.
That's ridiculous.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right.
You're under oath.

[SPEAKER_01]
You have to tell the truth.

[SPEAKER_03]
I was telling about my experience using ivermectin and it was because the patient was suing to get ivermectin in the hospital and it wasn't very long testimony, but I was just sharing my experience, you know, the safety and
how things were going using ivermectin but i'm also suing them over you know i'm appealing the decision that they made against me so they issued a a public reprimand in december
And so I'm appealing that, which is a lawsuit against them.
And Ken Paxton would normally represent the medical board in both of these cases, but he has refused to represent them, which is huge.
He's done it before, but it's very few other instances.
So this is a major blow to them.
And they don't have a lawyer right now.
So they've asked for an extension.

[SPEAKER_01]
Wow.
Oh, man.
Are the medical boards funded by the state?
So it's essentially, even though Ken isn't defending them, it's basically costing them, you know, if they lose, then I don't know if they're monetary damages or what.
Like what are you suing for?
What's the prayer for relief?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, I would like to recover all the money that I've spent, but we're not asking for additional damages.
Basically, I've spent over $250,000 on four years of fighting this.
Yeah, and the sensible thing would have been pay the fine and move on, but I've been fighting on principle.
I was following a court order at a court order saying that the hospital was supposed to grant me emergency temporary privileges and access to the intensive care unit without delay.
I submitted two full applications and I was told by the lawyer that I had the green light to send the nurse.
uh the patient actually never even got the ivermectin and he died uh but they you know they are will not budge and i'm just fighting on principle and uh it
Yeah, it sets a precedent, if I lose, which we must avoid having happened.
A hospital should not be emboldened to defy a court order.
And physicians should not be silenced and intimidated that if they testify on behalf of a patient, they could end up in a prolonged, expensive public battle for doing so.
Going forward, I think we need legislation.
I think we need to change this because patients should not have to sue to get a second opinion while they're in the hospital.
I mean, you could land in any hospital, you have an emergency situation, and you could land in a hospital where the physician that you trust does not have privileges.
But you're out of luck.
You can't bring that physician in unless you want to take them to court, take the hospital court.
And that's wrong.
If a physician has a license in good standing, they should be able to come in the hospital and help their patient.
If the patient agrees and the doctor agrees.
So I am actually, I just got elected precinct chair.
And that's one of my resolutions that I just submitted and passed.
and hope to bring forward further, call it the Second Opinion Act, where a patient can bring their doctor into the hospital for a second opinion, regardless of privileges, as long as their license isn't good standing.

[SPEAKER_01]
Now, why would that be a risk to a patient to allow them to see their own doctor at their own request?
I mean, how is that going to jeopardize the health of a patient for them to see their doctor?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, it's a common sense, but of course, we're living in a world that's
severely deficient in common sense, especially in the medical field.
So, you know, these hospitals, it's bureaucratic control.
It's very country club-like.
It's, you know, remember when I got privileges at Methodist, I felt like I was trying to get into the most exclusive country club in town.
It was basically your connections.
Who do you know?
How do you, it wasn't, you know, your credentials.
It was very much your connections and your
your public reputation, that sort of thing.
So it doesn't make any sense from a clinical standpoint.

[SPEAKER_01]
Boy.
Now, are there a lot of doctors supporting you and are there any doctors supporting the hospital or are most doctors basically staying quiet so they don't lose their medical license?

[SPEAKER_03]
It was interesting.
I was just at the gym, and I ran into a doctor friend of mine, and he's enmeshed with both sides.
And it just sounds like it's still pretty divided.
There's still a sizable number of doctors that are against me, at least in Houston, and are taking the side of the medical board.
And my friend said, you know, the rest of us think those doctors are all crazy, but then they think we're crazy.
I don't know.

[SPEAKER_01]
How did the numbers stack up?
Are half the doctors crazy and the other half are, you know.

[SPEAKER_03]
I don't know how to measure it, but I don't think.

[SPEAKER_01]
But the relatively equal numbers?

[SPEAKER_03]
I don't know.
I mean, the doctor that he was talking to does have a lot of clout.
I'm not going to say his name.
But he has a lot of clout in Houston.
And he's a private practitioner.
He's not an administrator at the hospital or anything like that.
And he's a fellow ENT.
So I honestly don't know how many are on my side and how many aren't.
I don't think I'm in the clear yet.

[SPEAKER_01]
You know, you would think that all the doctors would line up for something like this, because as a doctor, like who wouldn't want to be able to, their patient is calling out to them.
Who wouldn't want to see their patient?
Like, how are these doctors defending the hospital's right to restrict privileges so that they exclude these doctors?
I mean, like, what doctor is in favor of that?
If we were to have a doctor on the program speaking, oh, yeah, totally, Mary Telly Bowden, you know, should have been able to
talk to her patient in the hospital like, could we find someone like that who we could get on camera to defend the hospital's position?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, I think it's how you frame it.
And I think they're under the impression that I just stormed into the ICU and tried to shove Ivermectin down the patient's feeding tube.
That's the scenario they are envisioning or being fed.
So I think if I actually had the opportunity to sit down with these doctors and say, OK, this is exactly what happened, then they'd probably
come to my side, but they're just thinking that I'm, you know, barging into the ICU.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yep, yep, taking, yeah, let me have that IV and squirting to something into it that would kill the patient.
I mean, that is, that's unbelievable.
So in general, are you,
Do you think we're headed in the right direction that things are starting to move more and more in our favor?
Or do you think that we're, you know, if you looked at how things were at the start of the pandemic versus how things are now, do you think a lot of people have shifted their position?
Or do you think people are still pretty much stuck in their positions at the very beginning of the pandemic?

[SPEAKER_03]
I think what gives me hope is I have this organization, Americans for Health Freedom, and our foundational project is basically recruit politicians who are simply willing to state the COVID shot should be pulled off to the market.
And years ago, that was a very dangerous thing to say.
Now, I mean, I'm having people running for governor and Congress and I'm having a lot more politicians willing to step up and state that, which is a huge shift in the right direction.
I don't think, though, with Trump in office that the shots are going to get pulled off the market.
I just don't.
So I think you're right.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_01]
I think there's a
There are people who I've asked about this.
Why isn't Kennedy taking these shots off the market?
He knows they're unsafe.
Why isn't he doing it?
And the answer is, well, he'd do it in a heartbeat, except Trump won't let him.
Is that similar to what you've heard?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, I mean, I'm not privy to those inside conversations.
But yeah, I mean, he was very vocal.
We knew exactly where he stood prior to him becoming the head of HHS.
And then all of a sudden, he's been super quiet about it.
But Trump's legacy is going to hit.
The truth will eventually all come out.
And this is going to ruin Trump's legacy forever.
He is going to be known as the one who, you know, it'd be one thing to, I think people would forgive him.
Well, you know, I think if he were to say, Hey, I made a mistake.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
But when has Trump ever admitted he made a mistake?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, he can always grow.
There's always room for growth.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, I know.
Just saying.
History isn't kind in this case.
So I was looking very recently at the check data.
And I looked at people with a comorbidity score of five.
and all ages, and I also looked at specific age groups.
And I found that their mortality rate during non-COVID periods, the ratio of the cohorts, the vaccinated and unvaccinated cohort, might be two to one during non-COVID periods.
And then I looked at during COVID waves, and it's two to one.
One of them's vaccinated, the other one's not.
Now, if the vaccine worked,
it wouldn't be two to one.
The discrepancy would be quite a bit different than being the same, right?
Because supposedly the vaccinated people wouldn't have an increase at all in the unvaccinated.
People would have this huge increase.
And so you'd expect that if there's any difference in mortality that that difference would
to escalate, you know, maybe from two to one to, they said it's a 10 times, so it should be 20 to one.
Well, instead, it went from two to one to two to one.
It didn't change at all.
And then, just to double check, I went onto our world and data in the Czech Republic.
And this is quite enlightening.
I hadn't quite noticed this ever before.
But I looked at the cumulative COVID deaths in the Czech Republic.
And there's a graph in our world of data, and it looks like a straight line.
And the thing is that the vaccine came out like here.
Now,
This is easier to do with my hand like this.
But if the vaccine came out like here, what's supposed to happen is the deaths are supposed to flat line.
There's supposed to be a knee in that curve because we just created this manual intervention and we gave it out to millions of people and it's got a tenfold reduction in COVID mortality.
There was no reduction at all.
The line was perfectly straight.
It did not change at all after the vaccines rolled out.
The vaccines rolled out on December 27th of 2020 in the Czech Republic, and there was no need at all in the curve.
The slope of the curve was unchanged for the entire time
until the first wave, essentially, or that January wave subsided, which was in June of 2021.
No knee in the curve, which means, of course, or what this suggests, just to be careful so I don't spread misinformation, this suggests that
the vaccine actually didn't save any lives at all.
And in fact, there was a nice study, the ZXIE study, it was a comparing COVID versus influenza in VA hospitals, the average age of the
Men in that study was 73 years old.
80% of 73-year-olds in the VA are vaccinated.
You want to know what the percent of vaccinated of people hospitalized for COVID in the VA was?
Take a guess.

[SPEAKER_03]
60%.

[SPEAKER_01]
No, 80%.
80.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right.

[SPEAKER_01]
In other words, it's the same as the background.
Now, Mary, I'm just a misinformation super spreader, but you're a doctor.
So, Mary, if you have 80% vaccinated for COVID,
And you look at the rate of hospitalization, shouldn't it be like 80% unvaccinated and 20% vaccinated and not 80% vaccinated?
To me, I look at this and I say, man, that's like, there's no effect.
We have so much data.

[SPEAKER_03]
I mean, we have over 3,600 peer review published studies.
3,600 reasons, justification to pull these shots off the market.
I've kind of stopped looking at all the studies.
Is it ever going to be enough?
It doesn't matter.
It will never be enough.
It's never enough.

[SPEAKER_01]
So look, you must know some physicians that are on the other side that think it's safe and effective.
Are any of those people looking at the data, or are they just reading CNN and the CDC saying, safe and effective, 10x reduction in hospitalization?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, the problem is, I mean, you can find a study to support any argument you want in medicine.
I mean, that's basic medicine 101.
You learn that in your training.
You have a journal club, and I came out of that thinking, well, you really can't trust any of this.
And so it's a combination of what's in the literature and your clinical experience.
But I've never seen anything like this with any other product on the market in my office.
I mean, I've seen medications come and go as a doctor.
You know, there was the Vioxx, there was the antibiotic called Trovan.
And I saw a few issues.
I've never seen anything like this with these shots.
I mean, I still have patients coming to my office on a regular basis with severe injuries, and they're not easy to treat.
They're very challenging, and it's trial and error.
And they're not being helped.
They see multiple doctors.
They get gas lit.
They're not reported to VAERS.
None of the patients I've seen with injuries have been reported to VAERS.
I've been the one reporting them.
Now, I will say,
the new HHS, I'm actually getting responses from the various people, which is an improvement.
Before I did, I'd report them and absolutely nothing would happen.
There would be no follow up, but now I'm actually, I'm like, oh, wow, they're actually responding now, which is good.

[SPEAKER_01]
But what are they, what are they doing specifically?

[SPEAKER_03]
They're asking for records.
They're actually asking for records before I would get none of that.

[SPEAKER_01]
Wow.
I'm amazed because I would think that they would be overwhelmed with, uh, with reports.

[SPEAKER_03]
And then, but it's too late for patients to ask for compensation.
You only have a year after your injury to do that.
And even when they were, even when they were in that timeframe, they were not reimbursing people or not helping people.
They only reimbursed about 3% of the people who have applied.
It's a gigantic problem.
It's very frustrating to me that the focus is on food and we are sweeping the greatest public health crisis of our generation under the rug.
It's as if it never happened.
The incoming surgeon general, social media influencer who never mentioned COVID during the pandemic and any of her posts on social media,
uh so it's they just want to sweep it under the rug is she been improved or what's going on no there's there's heated debate now because they're both sides coming out strongly saying she should be approved and she shouldn't and
I, you know, I think, yes, I will concede that she is much better than Vivek Murthy.
I will concede that, but I also think a lot better.
There are a million doctors in the United States to choose from.
We can find somebody that finished their training and is articulate.
And I will say she's very articulate.
I'll give her that.
I just think that we can do better.
And it's, but I think it's very telling.

[SPEAKER_01]
Who would be your first choice?
By the way, if they called you, would you do it?

[SPEAKER_03]
You know, they talked to me about a high position in CDC.
And I said, no, because I don't want to move to Atlanta.
So, you know, otherwise, because I have kids in school and it just would be too complicated.
So I don't think I would.

[SPEAKER_01]
Think about all the lovers you could push there.

[SPEAKER_03]
As a surgeon, I don't know.
I just think that the other issue, though, is one person advised me that if you take a high physician in HHS, they'll silence you and you won't be able to, you'll be muzzled about what you can say.
Anyway, I think I would choose, I love Dr. Kelly Victory.
She's very experienced in the media and very well-spoken and articulate and pretty.
And I think Joseph Lattapo would be wonderful.
I think Peter McCullough would be wonderful.
Yeah, and I'm sure there are other candidates that I'm not thinking of off the top of my head.
I thought Kirk Milhohn would have been wonderful.
So, you know, I, and I understand that you have to get the person confirmed and so you can't, but.

[SPEAKER_01]
Get them by Bill Cassidy.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right.
Got to get them by Bill Cassidy.

[SPEAKER_01]
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Do you think people are ever going to figure out that vaccines trigger autism?
Do you have any, do you have any autistic patients, by the way, in your practice?

[SPEAKER_03]
Not a huge number now.
Maybe I can think of, I can think of one or two maybe.

[SPEAKER_01]
Oh, wow.
How big is your practice?

[SPEAKER_03]
I probably have about 8,000 patients.

[SPEAKER_01]
But mostly adults.

[SPEAKER_03]
It's probably about 20% kids.

[SPEAKER_01]
Oh, well.
Okay.
So why would you not have autistic kids in your practice then if you have 20% or our kids?
That, that seems strange.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, I don't know.
The kids that I see, it's usually when they need surgery for chronic ear infections or if they need their tonsils or adenoids out or allergy testing.
And I'm not sure why.
I'm not aware that autistic kids have
lower incident, they may be, you know, the parents may be less likely to seek out those kind of treatments.
I don't know.
It's interesting.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_01]
Because I did a survey of my readers and I asked them, hey, how many kits you have?
How many are autistic?
So let me ask you, before I tell you what the numbers are,
Do you think that my numbers are greater than the national average, or do you think that they're less than the national average?
Because on the one hand, you could argue that everybody who follows Steve Kirsch doesn't believe in vaccines, so they're probably very little autism.
On the other hand, you could say that, oh, people who have had their
Their kid injured from vaccines, and I have an autistic kid that would follow Steve Kersh because he's promoting that narrative.
So what's your guess?

[SPEAKER_03]
I think you have a higher number than the average.

[SPEAKER_01]
I do.
It's like 16%.
16% of all kids from my readers are, the parents believe are autistic.
That is amazing.
And I surveyed parents in Idaho as well as California to see if there might be a difference.
Because California supposedly is detecting it better than Idaho is.
And there's some national statistics that show a three times difference.
And I was seeing very similar rates, about 20% to 30% higher in California.
Then in Idaho, and Idaho is much less vaccinated than California.
It's where they have the Medical Freedom Act passed in 2025 in Idaho so that people couldn't be coerced into taking vaccines.
And so, but that was fairly recently, but still the Idaho is much lower than the national average in terms of childhood vaccines.
So I expected a bigger difference.

[SPEAKER_03]
I'll say Idaho is the closest state in the country to banning mRNA.
Well, let's say last session they tried to ban it completely.
Now they're just settling with children and pregnant women.

[SPEAKER_01]
We'll take what we can get.
But it's great to have a state in the United States which has a medical freedom act where people are not coerced by their employer, by their school, or by the government into taking a medical intervention.
I mean, that is what America should be about.
And guess what?
The society hasn't fallen apart in Idaho.
Do you know how many kids in Idaho
um have died from measles after they passed that act zero zero yeah right so all this fear that the um that the press is spreading about oh you know you have to vaccinate uh your kids i mean it's basically saying that yeah you're we want your kid to be used as a human shield
so that other kids don't get sick.
And it's a tacit admission that the vaccines don't work because if the vaccines work, then people shouldn't care whether your kid is vaccinated or not.
Right?

[SPEAKER_03]
Exactly.
If you want to get that vaccine, if you're fearful of the disease, then you get the vaccine.
But that doesn't mean the rest of us have to get it.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
So what do you think the numbers are on measles?
Because I've seen some, there was just something out recently about that Peter McCullough and others put out.
And it was based on analysis of the VAERS data and doing under reporting factors on the VAERS data and so forth, and estimating the number of deaths
associated with the measles vaccine and then comparing that to the number of deaths from measles.
And of course, the vaccine numbers far outweighed the deaths from the measles itself, suggesting that the risk benefit is turned upside down for the measles.
But there is nowhere in any of the literature that actually looks at that.
Right?
I mean, I'm not aware of any study at all showing that for the MMR vaccine that the benefit outweighs the risk because nobody looks at mortality associated with the measleshot.
They all assume that it's zero.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right.
Well, and as we all know, none of these shots were tested against the triple SIBO.
There's a wonderful graph that I'm thinking of right now, a bar graph showing measles cases over time.
And the media makes it sound like there's some huge explosion right now.
But when you compare it to over time, it really is small compared to what we've seen in the past.
during high vaccination rates.
And in the true vaccination rate is really not even that much lower.
I can't remember the exact number, but it's not like, you know, it's gone from 95% to 50%.
I think it's just gone down by a few percentage points from what I understand.

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, it's impossible for it to go down by more than a few percentage points because it's mathematically impossible.
You can't unvaccinate people.
And the kids that get the measles shot only get it when they're, I don't know, I don't remember what the age is for measles shots.
But there's only a narrow time window when you get that.
So if you just say all of a sudden saying,
Oh, well, we're not gonna get the shot.
You're only gonna be affecting a very small percentage of people with that shot.
And then they would all have to refuse it in order for you to make a dent in the numbers.
And they don't all refuse it.
You know, 80% will still get the shot.
So the amount that you will change the Amizo's percentage
uh, within any given year will be going from 95% maybe to 94.5.
Right.
That's not going to move the needle.
You know, and, you know, so, so for the, oh, all these outbreaks and all these kids are dying, uh, you know, not mathematically possible, but nobody seems to really focus on that part of it.
And they just think that, oh, people aren't getting their measles shot and they're all, everybody's dying and it's the end of the world.

[SPEAKER_03]
The propaganda is strong.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, so your patients, are they mostly vaccinated or are they mostly unvaccinated or do you have a mix of patients?

[SPEAKER_03]
I have a mix and everybody that didn't get the shot is super grateful that they didn't.

[SPEAKER_01]
Nobody has any regrets that they didn't get the COVID shot, huh?
What a surprise.

[SPEAKER_03]
Everybody that did get the shot is regretful.

[SPEAKER_01]
Let me ponder that one for just a second here.
All the people who didn't get the shot say that they have no regrets and all the people who did get the shot have regrets.
Without exception.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, some people just don't talk about it.
And I don't bring it up unless somebody has such a loaded topic.
So I don't bring it up.
Oh, man.

[SPEAKER_01]
8,000 patients.
That's pretty astounding statistic.

[SPEAKER_03]
I haven't surveyed 8,000 patients on this.
I'm just saying, from the ones that I've seen recently in recent years or year, that's just the trend.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
I can't say I'm surprised.
Do you think there are practices, though, that where they say that are doctors?
Mo, I'm sure glad I got that COVID shot and I have no regrets.
I'm sure there have to be people like that, right?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, I mean, they're definitely doctors pushing these shots on people.
I mean, I saw today.

[SPEAKER_01]
Oh, yeah, I saw people are still getting people are still taking these shots today.

[SPEAKER_03]
I saw a fresh injured patient who got the COVID and the flu shot on the same day.
and ended up with severe myositis, where he was just severe muscle pain all over his body.
They required steroids for a prolonged amount of time.
And he was pressured into it.
He didn't want to get it.
He did not get informed consent.
I actually turned the doctor and the medical board for not giving informed consent.
And of course, absolutely nothing.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yes, I was going to say, like, did anything happen to the doctor for not getting informed consent?
But it's so, you know, if you go against the medical community and if you didn't, you know, do everything exactly right, they'll get you.
But here, you don't deliver informed consent.
It's like, ah, no.
And the kid's in terrible pain.
Ah, no big deal.
If the kid died after the COVID vaccine, they weren't given informed consent.
Do you think anything would happen to the doctor?

[SPEAKER_03]
We have no legal recourse with these shots, right?

[SPEAKER_01]
No, no, but from the medical board for not giving informed consent.

[SPEAKER_03]
No, no.
You would think, OK, the medical board is a backstop.
If you can't win in the courts, then you can go to the medical board and try to have some accountability that way.
But the medical board, I mean, I've reported multiple doctors to the medical board over informed consent.
I reported my own pediatrician because my 18-year-old son went into the pediatrician's office with his father.
And the doctor told him that if he got the meningitis, if he got meningitis, the mortality was 25% and scared him into getting the shot.
He didn't want to get the shot.
That number is not accurate.
And I turned to the doctor and the medical board.
The doctor fired me from the practice, and the medical board did nothing.
But, you know, Texas has a cap on Mount French.

[SPEAKER_01]
What are the actual numbers, by the way?

[SPEAKER_03]
For meningitis?
Yeah, are there actual studies?
I can't remember off the top of my head what the exact number is, but it's not 25%.
It's something like 5%, 10%.
And it depends on what kind of meningitis and that sort of thing.
Yeah, I don't know what California is like.
But in Texas, there's a cap on malpractice damages.
So you basically can't sue a doctor anymore.
You can only win $250,000 in a medical malpractice lawsuit, which if a lawyer is not going to take that on contingency, it's just too expensive to have a trial.
So we really do need the medical board to step up when there's actual issues going on.
And of course, with vaccines, and that's the whole point of this petition, the vaccines are exempt from any kind of liability.
And I didn't know that.
Well, I did know that.
I did know that.
We learned that in medical school because I remember
being told how wonderful that was because otherwise vaccines couldn't exist because there's so many frivolous lawsuits against the vaccine manufacturers.
So thank God we have this law to protect them.
I do remember that
conversation.

[SPEAKER_01]
So isn't it weird that the vaccines are the safest drugs on the planet, supposedly, because they're given to healthy people.
And yet it's the only drug that requires liability protection.
Now, what sense does that make?

[SPEAKER_03]
It makes zero sense.
And you know, patients aren't told that when you take your child to the pediatrician.

[SPEAKER_01]
they're not told okay well something goes wrong you can't do yours you're out of luck there's nothing yeah yeah that should be the informed consent that they sign exactly like hey you know hey if you die or you're permanently injured yeah don't think about suing

[SPEAKER_03]
Cause you think about, you have to sign disclaimers all the time, right?
When you go do some sort of activity or you're signing, like you go skiing and you have to sign a disclaimer or you go to the trampoline park.
But you don't have to sign a disclaimer when you go to the pediatrician and get six shots.
And you should get a little piece of paper saying you might get a fever or a sore arm.
And, and that's basically all you need to worry about.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, you might, you might die and you know, you might be injured for the rest of your life.
Boy.
So do you think we're going to see this turn around in the next, like, you know, Kennedy is like, we're, we're coming up on, like, you know, close to halfway through his term and you think things are going to get better?
Or do you think we're, we're still going to be at the same point we are in two years from now?

[SPEAKER_03]
I worry well okay so ivermectin right there's states across the country passing legislation to make ivermectin over the counter if the FDA were to make that over the counter I mean that would be huge and it would be
It seems to me that's a lot easier than banning the mRNA politically, or even making a statement about ivermectin, just trying to correct the record.
And the fact that they're not doing that, if I'm very discouraging, I think it's a bad sign.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, so speaking of what they're not doing, Vinay Prasad, I saw something recently that he's going back once again and is leaving.
Is that right, or did I misread that?

[SPEAKER_03]
That's what I understand.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, and Marty McCary is not at risk, but he's like, he doesn't seem to be doing very much, you know, in terms of red-pilling America.
Are you impressed with him or are you disappointed?

[SPEAKER_03]
I mean, I had low expectations to begin with because he was in 2023 promoting the COVID shots for pregnant women.

[SPEAKER_01]
So I... Man, oh man, I don't know how you can get away with that.
Was he ever promoting the COVID shots for kids?
For young people?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, he's been on interview, you know, saying,
Well, he's been on an interview saying he knows people injured from the shots.
And then he's, he's been very soft about the kids, but it's like, well, do you really need your six booster?
I mean, you don't need the first shot, much less the sixth shot.
So I don't think he gets it.
I don't think he's on our team.

[SPEAKER_01]
You know, I looked at the Czech Republic data because it's in the public domain and it's very good public data.
And I looked at the number of kids aged 10 to 15 in the Czech Republic and there are about 500,000 of them.
You know how many died from COVID?
Zero?
Yeah, zero.
You know what that means.
That means that you need to make sure
that if you give a shot to anyone, any young person, you need to make sure that the kill rate on that shot is less than one in five million, right?
Because you want the kill to be much smaller than the, you want the risk to be much smaller than the benefit.
And by at least an order of magnitude to really be safe.
In order to have assurance that you have a risk of one in five million deaths, you need to do a randomized clinical trial of around 15 million kids to have the statistical power to show that, in fact, that the death rate is that small.
Like, there's never been a randomized controlled trial of 15 million kids.
So you can't know what the safety is.
If you can't know what the safety is, then it's irresponsible for any doctor to say, ah, the benefits outweigh the risks.

[SPEAKER_03]
Why?
And that's also just assuming there's absolutely nothing you can do to treat the patient.
I mean, we have treatment.
Yeah.
And I just think everybody needs to know that people are still giving children these shots.
According to the CDC, approximately 7 million children have gotten the latest version of the COVID shot this season.
7 million.
And you know, they're not getting informed consent.

[SPEAKER_01]
Seven million.
It's like, what is wrong with doctors that they can't understand simple math?
You have no randomized control trial showing that this drug that you're injecting is safe for the amount of benefit that you can possibly derive from that.
it seems like to me it is irresponsible for anyone, any doctor, to give these shots if you don't know that the benefit could potentially outweigh the risk.
And that's assuming that there's a benefit.
We've seen no benefit.
So you're giving a shot with no benefit and no safety test for
Like, it makes no sense at all.
Like, anyone with a working brain would say that this is nonsensical.
How can a doctor justify it?
I mean, like, mathematically, there's no way you can justify it.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, but they're backed by the FDA.
So, I mean... Ah, of course!

[SPEAKER_01]
Why didn't I think of that?
Of course, they're backed by the FDA.
They can turn the brain off.
So, therefore, math doesn't apply.
That's how science works.

[SPEAKER_03]
Of course.
All you have to do is trust the FDA, and you don't need to think anymore.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
Dang.
I'm just missing that piece that I just need to forget about math and statistics and truth and science and all that, and just trust the FDA.
And I can live my life without any worries.
chlorine dioxide in Bolivia.
Chlorine dioxide is a public law that may make it freely available in Bolivia.
Do you know what's happened because of that?
Are they the only country in the world that makes chlorine dioxide available to the public?

[SPEAKER_03]
Um, I consider myself pretty well informed, but I have never heard this, what you're telling me.
So I don't, really.

[SPEAKER_01]
Oh, okay.

[SPEAKER_03]
Chlorine dioxide in Bolivia.
That was, I didn't see that news flash.
So no, you're going to have to tell me.

[SPEAKER_01]
Best, best kept secret ever.
Yeah.
There was a, there was a law passed in Bolivia and, uh, they basically said that, Hey, uh, she publicly available.
They, they had universities producing it and,
people were lining up to get it, and people got it during COVID, and they were treating COVID with people drinking chlorine dioxide, although I think doing it with a nebulizer or nasal sprays would probably be more effective, especially early.
But, you know, this is this sort of mass experiment, you know, of chlorine dioxide in Bolivia.
And here you have it.
Even people on our side haven't heard of that or we're not aware of that.
I mean, chlorine dioxide is quite the universal anecdote.
I was gonna say anecdote.
I meant antidote for so many things.
And it's just been, there hasn't been much press about it.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, I guess.
Yeah, I don't use it yourself.
Well, I feel like I had enough success using, you know, ivermectin and that was controversial enough.
And so, yeah, I didn't want to get your hands flat again.
I didn't need to take on any more of that.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
But I'm going to I will look into it.
But right now, I feel like I'm able to
I had the tools I need without, you know, imposing more scrutiny and threats to my license.

[SPEAKER_01]
Okay.
Well, so, yeah, Olivia just put on that it also kills people.
Well, I have yet to see a case
where somebody died from chlorine dioxide.
Did you read that article, Livio?

[SPEAKER_00]
No, it's from 2020, though.
So this was right at an August 5th, 2020, you see at the bottom.
So this was probably trying to dispel anything that would work with the COVID before it came out.

[SPEAKER_01]
But can you see it?
Can you read down in the article where it says that it actually has evidence that it kills people?

[SPEAKER_00]
It says,
Why is it dangerous?
The chemical has been used for decades in strictly regulated doses to decontaminate surfaces and disinfect water supplies.
However, I've never been recommended as a medicine.
To the contrary, is this information about its value as a COVID-19 treatment spreads during the pandemic, public officials worldwide warn of the dangers and life threatening consequences of drinking.
And of course they show a picture of a big old bottle.
You don't drink it like water, Steve.
So.

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, if, if, no, I mean, if, if that were, uh, depends on the, uh, the dilution normally you, you, when you drink chlorine dioxide, it would have a,
very, very tiny yellow tinge to it.
And because if it's concentrated, it's quite, it looks like pee.
And that's like at 1,000 ppm and it'll have the color of urine.
But normally in therapeutic doses, it's diluted down so much that it's nearly invisible.
to the eye so that that water that you showed that looks nearly clear that in fact could have chlorine dioxide in it.
But you wouldn't see anybody with a bottle that, you know, looked, had a yellowish color to it.
So, yeah, I'd encourage you, Dr. Bowden, just for yourself to check it out.
Pierre Corey turned me on to it and said, hey, you should check this out.
And I did.
And ever since I started using chlorine dioxide, and I use it whenever I have the sniffles,
And, you know, I feel like you know how you can tell when you're going to get a cold, like every time you get a cold, you know what happens.
I mean, for me, it always starts with a sneeze.
Is that, is that true for you too?

[SPEAKER_03]
But it's always like a sneeze and then it goes throat, nose, and then.
But yeah, so when that happens to me, I take ivermectin and I take vitamin D and C and zinc.
And I've been able to knock it out.
I haven't gotten sick in a long time.

[SPEAKER_01]
Right.
I do the same thing, but I don't need any of those meds.
I just use the chlorine dioxide.
I just do a kneeled med bottle and do the nasal rinse, you know, and both nostrils.
And sometimes I'll just put a milliliter into my CPAP.
And then just run it all night in the CPAP humidifier.
And that's like nebulizing all night at a very low concentration, like 10 ppm.
And every single time I've been able to knock it out, I have not been sick.
ever since I started using chlorine dioxide when I felt I felt like I was going to get sick.
It's quite amazing.
And I have articles on my sub-stack about it.

[SPEAKER_03]
You make your own, right?

[SPEAKER_01]
I do.
And it takes me about 30 seconds to make it.
And I make the CDS, which is chlorine dioxide solution, which is the more pure form of it.
Because normally you can just take chemical A, chemical B,
mix them together, and then essentially that reacts and you add that to water to dilute it.
And that's the direct way.
I use the indirect method, which is I take a little beaker of, you know, like 20 milliliter beaker, and I put in five milliliters of distilled water, and then I take these saffracks,
tablets.
I just take one Saffrax tablet.
It costs five cents a tablet.
I take the Saffrax tablet, put it in the water, put my thumb over the exit, swirl it up so it mixes nicely, and then I put that into a larger container of 95 milliliters of distilled water, and then I let it sit overnight in the refrigerator.
It's in a dark glass jar because light affects the reaction.
So, you want to get it away from heat and light.
So, you put it in the refrigerator and then the next morning you have essentially a thousand PPM.
You have a 95 milliliters of a thousand PPM chlorine dioxide.
That's all it takes.
It takes me about five, literally, you know, it's like probably 30 seconds to make it very, very simple once you know how.

[SPEAKER_03]
Where do you get the tablets?

[SPEAKER_01]
I ordered mine.
I may have ordered it directly.
You can also get it on Amazon.
Sometimes there's a restriction for shipping to California.
But other states, it shouldn't be a problem, which is weird because these tablets are used.
We used these tablets to disinfect smell.
So we had some dead rodents that were just in our attic that were smelling the place up.
And so my wife just couldn't deal with the smell.
And I said, okay, well, I can do the chlorine dioxide.
So I put in, I don't know, like 20 tablets or so in water and gas the whole bathroom for a day.
And the smell gone.
And my wife said, you're a lifesaver.
You basically, you take the water, you take the tablets, you mix them together, and then you leave the room.
Because once the tablets hit the water, that gas starts coming out.
And so here, you're not trying to capture it into water, but you're actually trying to fumigate.
a room and so they have guidelines for how many tablets per square feet of room and you you basically close off the bathroom for about 24 hours and you try to do it at night started at night because the any kind of light will sort of disassociate the gas so it's has better effect so I also started at like 5 p.m.
the morning before and just run it overnight.

[SPEAKER_03]
And is it dangerous if you walk into the room?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yes, you shouldn't walk into the room.
I actually have a gas mask that I use just to be precocious about it, just because I have one just in case.
And so I'll put that on.
So when I add the water to the, or the tablets to the water, the water to the tablets, whatever,
then I don't have to worry so much that, oh, you know, hold your breath and then leave the room, but you don't have to have a gas mask.
You can just hold your breath, leave the room.
The neat thing about having the gas mask is, is you can enter the room after the gas is all out and you can see the gas, that everything worked and so forth, but that's kind of an optional extra if you had a gas mask.
Just make sure you have the right kind of gas mask too, though.
Just make sure it filters out chlorine dioxide.

[SPEAKER_03]
I remember you brought a gas mask to the Senator Ron Johnson hearing.

[SPEAKER_01]
Is that the one?
I'm not sure that I would lug that thing to a Senate hearing, but I kind of remember doing something like that.

[SPEAKER_03]
You were talking about the mask.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, I mean, I've been talking about it.
I'm not sure that I brought it just because it's kind of big and bulky.
It doesn't fit nicely into a suitcase, but I might have brought it.
Yeah, it's kind of cool.

[SPEAKER_03]
I'm thinking I have dogs, and I feel like maybe I should disinfect the house with that.

[SPEAKER_01]
Um, yeah, it, it, it, it will definitely, it definitely does a great job of, uh, odor, um, uh, removal and they, the, the, uh, the mass that I use are from Mira safety, M I R A, uh, safety and, and then there are various, uh, filter packs that you can get, uh, for that.
I got the whole nine yards.
I got the,
I got also the backpack that has the powered backpacks so that it...
I just remember seeing people during...

[SPEAKER_03]
I remember seeing people during the pandemic wearing those.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, well, you can look cool.
Impress your friends.
But if there is any kind of emergency in my neighborhood, we're prepared.
So it's always sort of like impossible to get if something happens.
You kind of need it now.
So you have to stock up on the masks and the filters.
Because the filters only last for so long, depending on what it is.
So, yeah, yeah.

[SPEAKER_00]
Be prepared.

[SPEAKER_01]
You know what they say, and that absolute prevention, especially with all what's going on with the, with the war.
And, uh, you know, there may be some retaliation.
I mean, people have predicted that Iran, uh, may try to strike back within the, the U S to, to say, Hey, you know, you strike us, we strike you.
Right.
Yeah.
And, uh, and that would make a lot of sense.
So, all right.
Well, let's open it up for questions.

[SPEAKER_00]
Better to be prepared in advance.
Before I go to questions, I wanted to share this poll that I found from a memo written by President Donald Trump's main pollster called Vaccine Skepticism, Politically Risky, and said there could be electoral downsides for politicians who support eliminating vaccine recommendations.
Let me share the screen here.
And here it is.
I found this memo.
The bottom line, it says our poll highlights strong bipartisan support for routine childhood vaccines in the nation's most competitive house districts with majorities across political affiliations, acknowledging their benefits and safety.
It goes on to say high levels of trust in vaccines lead most parents
to immunize our children and skepticism toward vaccine requirements is politically risky for both parties.
And I'll just jump down here.
The MAHA agenda is widely popular across party lines, except for vaccine skepticism, including among MAHA voters.
And this is dated December 3, 2025, which could be
one of the reasons that Bobby has been muzzled in talking about vaccines.
In fact, on Monday night, I was at a Maha action event that he spoke at.
And he mentioned that, thank you to Tony Lyons, who is Maha Action and Maha Institute with Mark Gordon, for keeping the conversation going because he has to focus on food, something else.
So I found this memo quite interesting.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, but they did the the Mahaa Institute also revealed the their survey, which showed that in fact, parents believe that kids shouldn't be well, it's it's becoming closer.
It's now almost tied where parents are the about almost as many parents think that you shouldn't vaccinate kids or shouldn't require kids to be vaccinated as think that you should.
Well, they're able to share those polls.

[SPEAKER_03]
Who paid for the poll?

[SPEAKER_01]
I don't know who paid for those polls.

[SPEAKER_00]
I would imagine our tax dollars pays for the Fabrizio Award polls.
Or the White House.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
So these were polls done by obviously an independent pollster.
And I did hear from someone who is a professional pollster, highly respected.
And he said that these polling things, they basically give you the results that you want to receive.
So if you want, if you believe X, they will make the poll say X for you.
He says it's very, it's very, he said they're very, most pollsters are very shady in that respect.

[SPEAKER_00]
So you could assume that somebody with influence had this poll done and then sent to Trump.

[SPEAKER_01]
You might, you might assume that.
Yes.
Sent to.
Yep.
That would not be an unreasonable assumption.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, I know many are frustrated.
Many of the vaccine injured I speak to are frustrated.
I'm sure, Mary, you see it regularly that there's nothing being done for them.
And I have extreme sympathy for them.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, I'll see if I can find that mahal pole.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, in the meantime, I'm going to ask the first question from Dr. Laura.
Dr. Mary, please tell us your clinical pearls for treating vaccine injuries that would be helpful.
Do you use augmented NAC?

[SPEAKER_03]
I almost always start with ivermectin.
Natocinase, depending on the situation, but ivermectin, I found that higher doses tend to work better.
I don't have, you know, I've tried augmented NAC, I try sometimes LDN, low-dose naltrexone, but I, you know, if Ivermectin does nothing, then I refer them to
Molly James has a treatment now where it stimulates the mitochondria and she's found it helpful for neuropathy.
There's a treatment in Japan that Kevin McCurn is working on and we're trying to get that to the United States.
Jordan Vaughn is doing some work in Alabama.
But yeah, unfortunately, I try not to lead people on with all sorts of different things.
I just haven't found that helpful.
It's very frustrating.
But I will say,
I see a lot of improvement with ivermectin, and sometimes it's just a matter of you need a higher dose.
And so if you've tried ivermectin and it hasn't worked, then I would consider trying a higher dose if you can tolerate it.

[SPEAKER_00]
Thank you for that.
Question from Wayne B.
Good.
How much has the Texas Medical Board members donated to Governor Abbott and Ken Paxton?

[SPEAKER_03]
There was one member who's no longer a member, but he lost his status not too long ago, but he donated almost $200,000.
The head of the medical board donated $85,000.
So yeah, there's definitely pay to play involved.

[SPEAKER_00]
as tends to be the case in these, uh, yeah, in politics.

[SPEAKER_03]
It's something we need to talk about more is how we're educating our future doctors, because it's very concerning.
I mean, I've heard from very few young doctors, and I get it.
When I was a young doctor, I was indoctrinated.
So it's, you know, we need a medical school that is apart from the system.
But that's very expensive.
I've talked to Dr. Jo Varone about that, Independent Medical Alliance.
It's, I think he said it's going to be $50 million.
So it's something really expensive.
And then you get your medical school set up, then you got to find residency programs that will
take these students once they're done that's another factor because of all the residency programs are you know in the system they may not even accept our medical students but yeah that that is a huge problem and the other thing that we need to look at and Texas in North Carolina has the same situation I think it actually maybe I think it's seven or eight states
They are streamlining foreign trained doctors to get licensed in the United States.
So it used to be a very arduous.
You basically had to repeat your residency.
If you trained outside of the United States and you wanted to work in the United States, you had to repeat your residency.
Now they're no longer making them do that.
They do have to be supervised initially, but they don't have to repeat their training.
And yeah, if there were truly a doctor's shortage, maybe I could see it.
But there are actually thousands of doctors that don't find a position either in residency or after residency.
And we're not fully utilizing American doctors.
And yet we're making it easier for foreign-born doctors to work over here.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, I noticed that in the region I live in that it's a lot of foreign doctors, dentists, nurse practitioners.
They're more so than Americans here.
I just want to also make a quick disclaimer and say that nothing in this show was meant as medical advice and to consult your healthcare professional.
Totally.
On our program, just wanted to disclaim.

[SPEAKER_01]
Don't want to take medical advice from misinformation spreaders.

[SPEAKER_00]
Question from Buskman.
Is it true that type O plus blood type is more immune than other types?

[SPEAKER_01]
I don't know.

[SPEAKER_00]
I haven't heard that.
Me neither.
Okay, we'll jump to from Welcome to Eagle.
Do you have Dr. Bowden, do you have a final ID number for every VAERS submission?
Any reports you submitted but never published?
Between myself and React 19, we have about 20 victims never published.

[SPEAKER_03]
Meaning they were reported but never.
Yeah, I don't know.
That's a good question.
I have a
Yeah, early online, I just never heard anything back whatsoever from them.
I'd submit them.
And so I'm finally getting them responding, which is new.
So I would assume, yeah, a lot of them were not never finalized.

[SPEAKER_00]
And a follow up on that, I guess, from Dino Man Rumble.
How many COVID-19 shot takers have been compensated through the government system?

[SPEAKER_03]
The last I checked, it was 30, so very few.

[SPEAKER_00]
30.
30 through bears from COVID-19 injection.

[SPEAKER_01]
COVID-19, 30 people compensated.
How many do you think have been injured from the COVID shots that deserve compensation?
Millions.

[SPEAKER_00]
And if they bring it up that it was the vaccine, they basically told her crazy.

[SPEAKER_01]
I think it's probably somewhere on the order of 25 million, maybe.
And I'm not sure I'm overestimating that number, but I think it's probably close.
Because when you look at the, like,
They did that survey.
The ICAN asked for these reports, the reports that people were volunteered to do, remember, and they had like
10 million cases, total reports, and something like 10% of them had to seek medical attention for the condition.
And so if you have 10% in the people that were actively involved in the survey, and there are 250 million people getting
the COVID shot, one or more COVID shots, and you take 10% of that, that's 25 million people.
So essentially, they're compensating one per million.
Think about that.
One per million.
One per million vaccine injured will get compensation.

[SPEAKER_03]
And the compensation is measly.
It was something like $4,000, which is

[SPEAKER_01]
Right.
It would have saved money by not going through the process at all, time and money when you consider what your time was worth.

[SPEAKER_00]
Horrible.
Yeah.
A question from Emerson BT.
Can you please explain what state medical boards are empowered to do and how they can remove specialty credentials already earned and or their medical degree?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, I mean, yeah, they can, they can't remove your board certification.
That's a whole different process.

[SPEAKER_01]
It's a different organization, though, that does that, right?

[SPEAKER_03]
Right, but they can remove your medical license, but you have to have a medical license.
to be, you know, board certification is meaningless if you don't have a license.
So I think that is what they were asking.
But yeah, they can, yeah, I got the lowest punishment.
I'll say that a public reprimand.
I did, initially they wanted me to pay $5,000 and take eight hours of continuing medical education and retake a jurisprudence exam.
And, you know, after four years and $250,000 of fighting, I got it down to a public reprimand, but I'm fighting, I'm just going to keep fighting on principle.
So, yeah.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_01]
When they ask you to do the continuing medical education, is that done as an individual like with a computer-based training or are you in a classroom?
Because I wonder what would happen if they put you in a classroom and gave you an opportunity to say, well, excuse me, I have a question.
And then see what happened.
That would be fun, especially if we can get that on tape.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, I know doctors have had to write essays, you know, here, I'm so sorry for all the things I said, and I will never do it again.
And, you know, basically go through retraining, that sort of thing.
I never got that far.
I didn't ask them on that.

[SPEAKER_00]
Question from Dino Man Rumble.
Dr. Bowden, if you just moved to a new area, how would you pick a new doctor?

[SPEAKER_03]
I think COVID is the ultimate litmus test, right?
I would ask them their views on, you know, you could say, how many, how many you asked them, how many COVID vaccines do you think I should take?
Yes.
I mean, right.

[SPEAKER_01]
To lead them into the thinking that you're a pro vaccine.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, that's a good idea.

[SPEAKER_01]
And then if they say no, then you've got a good doctor.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yep.
It's pretty simple, actually.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.
That's where I would start with COVID, how they treated that.
Question from Lee Lee 317, please tell us about your new book coming out and will there be an audio version?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yes, so it's my survival story.
I think the sequel will be my triumph story, I hope.
But this was basically, you know, I finished writing it a while ago, but because of the way things are with publications, it takes a while.
So, and audio version, I think so.
I actually reached out to the publisher a couple of days ago about that, but I'm not sure yet.
But yes, there should be at some point.

[SPEAKER_00]
The book is dangerous misinformation, the virus, the treatments and the lies.
And when will it be available?
I mean, we can pre-order.
And I'm, Jen, it's putting the link in the chat into where you can pre-order.
When will it be available?

[SPEAKER_03]
In late May.
late May.

[SPEAKER_01]
So do you need any comments for the back of the book?

[SPEAKER_03]
It's too late.
It's already, I can't modify any of it, but I would encourage everybody, if you don't want to read it, you could send copies to Methodist Hospital.
You could send them to Peter Hotez.
You could send them to Paul Offit.
We could try to
And the title is purposeful because you read dangerous misinformation.
You're not sure, you know, we could be, I'm hoping to pick up people from the other side who think it's, it's all about horrible people like me and how much damage we've done to the medical community.

[SPEAKER_01]
You're a bad person.
So would you, if we could get Paul off it to debate you, would you accept the debate?

[SPEAKER_03]
I'll debate almost anyone.

[SPEAKER_01]
including Paul often.
And do you think Paul often would ever debate you?

[SPEAKER_03]
No, I mean, snowballs, he already said he's not debating.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.
No, he's not going to debate anyone he wants.
Everyone else to self fund any studies, even though he got all of his funding from taxpayers for the most part.
Yeah.
Yeah, he's not going to talk to anyone.
Well, Dr. Bowden, how else can people follow you?
If they want to get your information out to our audience, where can people follow your work along with getting your new book?

[SPEAKER_03]
So I'm on X at Mary Bowden MD and sub stack my organization Americans for health freedom if you want to help on that basically just asking your politicians your elected officials to sign our pledge and the pledge is simply I believe the COVID shot should be pulled off the market that has been growing we have
We have three people running for California governor on the list.
We have Rachel Rodriguez, who's running for governor of Florida.
We have, I believe, three people running for governor of Utah.
Anando, Iowa, on the list.
We have multiple people running for Congress.
And so I don't give them money, but I try to help them on social media.
And so I try to amplify them on social media.
So you can help just by doing that.
It doesn't cost you anything.
Just, you know, encourage politicians to sign the pledge and then share and follow them on social media to give them more PR.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, that's fantastic work because that's what it's going to take is people running for office like yourself locally at every level, boots on the ground, because clearly we're not getting help at the federal level for now.
Hopefully that will change, but we really need to keep, keep going because the pharmaceutical industrial complex isn't a very powerful opponent and they're not backing down.

[SPEAKER_01]
No, not anytime soon.

[SPEAKER_00]
No.
Dr. Boded, thank you for all your work, all your effort.
Thank you for your help and your work on the repeal the 1986 vaccine injury law and working with the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation on this.
And we are going to play a video with Mary when I close the show.
So stay tuned all the way to the end.
But I want to thank you, Mary, for being here tonight and all of your heroic efforts.

[SPEAKER_03]
Thank you so much for having me.
Thank you, Steve.

[SPEAKER_00]
Thank you.
Have a great night, Mary and everyone else.
Hang in there, Steve.
Hang in there.
I got a couple of announcements to make.
I want to take a moment to thank everyone who makes this work possible.
Everything we do, the weekly broadcast, the research, the investigative conversations and the hands-on advocacy is supported by people like you who believe in accountability, informed consent and open scientific dialogue.
Our goal is simple to ask honest questions, examine the evidence,
and create space for open discussion about complex public health issues.
If these conversations matter to you and you value the work we're doing, please consider supporting BSRF.
You can donate, and I got this on the screen, and Janet will put it in the chat.
You can donate at vaxsafety.org backslash donate or text DSRF to 53555.
BackSafety.org, backslash donate is the website or text VSRF253555 and Janet again will put the link in the chat.
And next week we welcome bestselling, we welcome back bestselling author and investigative journalist, John Leek.
John is the co-author along with Dr. Peter McCullough of the book of the New York Times bestselling book, Vaccines, Mythology, Ideology and Reality.
In this conversation, we'll discuss the upcoming ASIP meeting, which is going to be next Wednesday and Thursday.
I believe it's March 18th and 19th.
We'll discuss the upcoming meeting and the broader debate over how vaccines are evaluated, approved, and presented to the public.
Please join us.
It's going to be an enlightening conversation.
say the least.
I just saw John on Monday and had a nice, always informative conversation with him and he is going to join us next week.
And Steve, before we go, I want to remind everyone about the petition we just discussed tonight calling on Congress to repeal the 1986 law that shields vaccine manufacturers from civil liability.
When you sign the petition, you'll also have the option to support this work with a donation as well.
and thank you for your support, and thank you for being part of this community.
I think this is great for everyone to share, Steve.
Anyone out there, if you can go to this petition, sign it, but also share it with your friends, your family, on your social media.
Once people understand what Mary was talking about, that you're not given an informed consent when you go get your vaccine, even though you signed away all this liability just from walking into a gym,
or anything else, any sports related activity, you're gonna sign a waiver.
And I think once people understand that if they're harmed by these vaccines, that they really have no recourse, they'll understand and maybe this is a good way to get people to understand the importance of this petition.
So thank you all out there for your support.
And as I promised tonight, we're gonna sign off with a short video from Dr. Mary Tallybode
explaining the 1986 National Childhood Vaccine Injury Act and why many believe the law should be revisited.
This video is part of this effort behind the petition calling on Congress to repeal the liability shield for vaccine manufacturers.
Steve, thank you.
Great work as always.
Great to see you.
And I want to thank everyone else out there for being here tonight as always and go out there or go sign this petition.
And thank you for being here tonight.
Have a great rest of your evening and good night.

[SPEAKER_03]
Do you think vaccines should be required to be safety tested the same way that all other medications are?
Most people would assume the answer is yes, but many Americans are not aware that vaccines are evaluated under a different regulatory and legal framework than any other pharmaceutical product.
My name is Mary Talley Bowden.
I'm a board certified doctor.
I practice in Texas.
and I'm on the board of directors of the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation.
Today, I would like you to sign a petition calling for the repeal of the 1986 law that shields vaccine makers from liability and denies patients their basic right to seek justice in the courts.
Stay with me.
I will tell you a little about this law and our petition.
For most of my career, I never questioned vaccine safety.
Like many doctors, I assumed FDA approval and public recommendations meant that vaccines were evaluated and regulated, essentially the same way as any other medication.
But over time, I learned that this is not entirely the case.
During COVID, I watched legitimate scientific debate
around treatment, narrow dramatically, and questions that would normally be discussed openly in medicine were discouraged.
And it prompted me to look more closely at how policy and regulation and liability intersect in public health.
That's when I learned about a law that Congress passed called the National Childhood Vaccine Injury Act of 1986.
This law grants vaccine manufacturers broad protection from traditional lawsuits.
As a result, when someone is seriously injured following a vaccination, they generally cannot bring a case before a jury or go after the manufacturer through the normal justice system.
Instead, injured patients are directed to a separate process.
It's called the Vaccine Injury Compensation Program, BICP.
And this program was created to provide compensation without requiring proof of fault.
but it also operates differently from the civil courts.
Claimants have limited access to discovery and compensation is paid from a trust fund rather than the manufacturer itself.
Since the VIC program began, it has paid more than $5 billion to almost 10,000 individuals.
Manufacturers argued for this protection by pointing out that vaccines like many medical products can carry unavoidable risks for some people.
even when they're properly manufactured and administered.
And manufacturers maintained that this legal structure was necessary to ensure a stable vaccine supply.
That history matters because no other category of pharmaceutical products is treated this way under the law.
Civil liability is not about assigning blame.
It's one of the key mechanisms our system has to encourage rigorous testing and transparency and continuous safety improvement.
But when that mechanism is limited, the incentive change and product quality and public confidence can suffer.
If a medical product is truly safe and truly effective, it should be able to withstand scrutiny under the same legal standards that apply to other medications.
This is not a political partisan issue and is not an argument about whether vaccines should exist.
It's just a question about whether patients deserve equal legal protections and whether one industry should remain permanently exempt from the civil justice system.
If you agree that accountability and transparency are essential to public trust and medicine, I invite you to sign our petition calling on Congress to repeal the 1986 liability shield for vaccine manufacturers.
This is urgent because every day this exemption remains in place, injured patients continue to be unjustly treated differently under the law.
If this makes sense to you, please sign the petition today.
Thank you.
