[SPEAKER_10]
Hey Steve, we're starting.

[SPEAKER_03]
Can you hear me?
Yes we can.
Can you hear me?
Yes we can.
We're live.

[SPEAKER_11]
Underneath the lonely desert sun Trying to change its foreground Trying to change the mold, crack the code Images conflicting into data overload
1-0-0-1-0-0-1 in Southwest 1-0-0-1-0-0-1 in Big Stress 1-0-0-1-0-0 Every bike's unloading, bikes breaking to bits
Unicorn's in trouble and it's scared out of its wits.
Guidance systems break down.
A struggle to exist, to resist.
A pulse of dying power in a clenching plastic fist.
One zero zero one zero zero one.
1-0-0-1-0-0-1 in this dress 1-0-0-1-0-0
Each of the days, a hundred years of routines
1-0-0-1-0-0-1 in soloist 1-0-0-1-0-0-1 in distress 1-0-0-1-0-0-1
Each of the days, each of the days A hundred years of routine

[SPEAKER_10]
Tonight on VSRF Live, we're joined by public health researcher and data analyst Nicholas Hulscher, known for his rigorous examination of COVID era assumptions, testing methodologies, and long-term health outcomes that continue to shape policy today.

[SPEAKER_07]
The latest study looking at flu vaccine efficacy was by Stresla and colleagues, or at least one of the biggest ones, came out last year.
They looked at 2024 to 2025 flu vaccine efficacy, and they got 50,000 Cleveland Clinic employees, and they followed them for a few months.
About 80% got the flu shot, that season's flu shot, 20% didn't, but the 80%,
that got a flu shot suffered 27% higher risk of developing the flu during flu season.
So instead of not only failing and not working, it was increasing the risk of flu doing the complete opposite of what it's supposed to do.

[SPEAKER_10]
Hello, and welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm your host, Livio Sanchez, and thank you so much for joining us this evening.
I hope everyone had a healthy and restful holiday season, and it's great to be back as we kick off 2026 together.
Tonight, we're excited to welcome Nicholas Holscher.
Nick is an epidemiologist and a McCullough Foundation Fellow, and there is a lot to unpack.
Nick and Steve Kirsch will be diving into a deeply data-driven conversation covering topics such as vaccinated status,
or vaccinated versus unvaccinated health outcomes, immune and blood abnormalities following Pfizer vaccination, so-called turbo cancers, vitamin C and D in preventive health, and much more.
And later in the program, we'll also be joined by Mila Radetic and Nurse Angela Wolbrecht, who will bring real-life firsthand vaccine injury experience into the conversation, grounding the data in lived reality.
Just eight days into 2026, we've already seen major developments from changes to the CDC childhood vaccine schedule to updates in the food pyramid.
Momentum is building.
Important data are coming to light, and these conversations have never been more critical.
This is exactly why VSRF cannot slow down now.
We need to continue the forward momentum.
With everything unfolding right now, we can't stop the progress we are making with health freedom.
Our work depends on your support.
You can donate at www.vaxsafety.org backslash donate.
That's www.vaxsafety.org backslash donate or text VSRF to 53555.
That's VSRF253555 and Janet will put those links in the chat.
Thank you so much for your support.
And now I'd like to bring on the founder of the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation, Steve Kirsch.
Steve, welcome to VSRF Live.
Good to see you and happy new year.

[SPEAKER_03]
Happy New Year, Olivia.

[SPEAKER_10]
Good to be here.
Great to start the year off with our guests tonight.
Nick, I'm looking forward to the conversation.
And but before we dive into that, I wanted to ask you about this article that was in MedPage today written by Dr. Arthur Kaplan.
Let me see if I can share my screen here and show what I'm talking about here.
Give me one second.
Yeah, so he wrote this article.
He penned an article saying, what morbidity hath Secretary Kennedy wrought?
A choice is not a choice when swamped with vaccine disinformation.
And you wrote him an email or a letter and cc'd many of the health freedom activists to ask him to come and have a conversation.
What did you put in the letter and how did he respond if he did respond?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, I invited him to be a part of the solution.
And to my surprise, he wrote back and he said, sure, he'd be delighted to debate us.
Really?
I didn't know he did that.
I'm just messing with you.

[SPEAKER_10]
Did I get you?
You totally got me.
I bought hook, line and sinker.

[SPEAKER_03]
You were so good.
Yeah.
No, they never write back.
They totally ignore that.
All of them.
Every single one of these guys.
when you want to stop the misinformation, when you give them the opportunity, they run in the other direction.
I guess they don't want to reduce the misinformation and the disinformation, which means they're basically making decisions which impact people's lives in a negative way.
Because we have to have clarity on this.
Like, the only thing we disagree on is who is the disinformation super spreaders.

[SPEAKER_10]
It is wild.
You'd think that if they were so confident, they're so sure of their data that it would be a slam dunk and that they would come out and publicly squash any disinformation that's out there and just put it to rest.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yes, if they were correct, they would.

[SPEAKER_10]
That would be the luck.

[SPEAKER_03]
But if they were telling the truth, they would.
That's what the science is.
The science, it's in the peer-reviewed literature.
The science says, when challenged, you accept.
Because otherwise, if you back down and let it ride like that without any kind of refutation, then it basically just makes the problem worse.
So these people are basically deciding to make the problem worse.
They're part of the problem.
They should be saying, I wrote this op-ed about how terrible it is.
And I admit I'm part of the problem because I won't agree to have a public debate with anyone.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, it's insanity.
Meanwhile, though, there's some victories, the lowering the number of shots in the childhood schedule.
is a big victory.
Totally.
I think they'd want to.

[SPEAKER_03]
And that removes liability protection except for the COVID vaccine.

[SPEAKER_10]
Right.
I wonder how many lawsuits are coming this.

[SPEAKER_03]
Oh, man.
It's going to be a busy day for lawyers.
I'll tell you that.
Absolutely.

[SPEAKER_10]
Well, let's get on with some data.
Let's bring on our featured guest this evening, Nicholas Hulsher.
Nicholas, welcome to VSRF Live.
It's so great to have you on.
How are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_07]
I'm great.
Thanks for having me.

[SPEAKER_10]
I'm going to read your bio before we get started here.
Nicholas Hulscher is an epidemiologist and administrator at the McCullough Foundation, born and raised in Michigan.
He earned his bachelor of science in pre-health professional studies from the Oakland University Honors College and later completed a master of public health
with a specialization in epidemiology from the University of Michigan School of Public Health.
Since 2023, Nick has contributed to 16 peer-reviewed scientific studies, including systematic reviews, original investigations, and case reports.
His work has advanced understanding of COVID-19 vaccine injury syndromes and potential treatment approaches, as well as research into emerging public health threats, including the possible laboratory origins of
H5N1 avian influenza.
Outside of his professional work, Nick enjoys playing hockey and golf as well as pursuing independent research on emerging public health issues.
He also volunteers with medically underserved communities through his non-profit organization, Think It Loud, which provides custom empowerment programs for children and families facing serious medical challenges.
Fantastic.
You've done already a lot of work at such a young age and early in your career already.
But before I leave you with Steve, I wanted to get a little bit about your background.
What were you doing and what happened?
What was your experience when COVID hit?

[SPEAKER_07]
You know, when COVID hit, I actually was basically just graduating undergrad to get my bachelor's in pre-health professional sciences.
And so I kind of, actually before everything started, so in April of 2020, I was already questioning the entire situation and official government narratives.
And I was actually expecting, I made it a Reddit post
And before the vaccines rolled out, calling them IHNVs or intracellular hijacking nanotechnology viruses, I was referring to the mRNA shots as those.
I had large suspicions already, and thankfully because of that,
I did not take any of the mRNA injections despite the fact that they were mandated to attend University of Michigan School of Public Health.
So I went into it knowing something was wrong and I really wanted to change it.
And so that's why I went into public health.

[SPEAKER_10]
How did you get around the mandate at Michigan?

[SPEAKER_03]
I got around the very question I was going to ask.

[SPEAKER_07]
Well, I got an exemption, thankfully, so I did not have to take them.
Many people did not know they could get an exemption and so they went ahead and got one anyways.
Thankfully, I was aware of these very helpful workarounds.

[SPEAKER_03]
What kind of exemption did you get a medical or a religious exemption?

[SPEAKER_07]
Well, I got a religious exemption because there was no I don't even think there was an option for medical exemptions, you know.
So, yeah, I went the religious exemption route and thankfully they approved it.

[SPEAKER_10]
Great, congratulations on that.
Before I leave, I just wanna remind the audience that we will be having Q&A, so if you have questions for Nick, for Steve Kirsch, or our upcoming guests later in the show, Nurse Angela and Mila Radetic, put them all caps in the chat, and we'll get to as many as we can.
Okay, Steve, go ahead and take it away.

[SPEAKER_03]
Okay, so the first question I have to ask is, you're wearing a tie right now.
Do you normally wear a tie when your camera's not rolling?

[SPEAKER_07]
Not too often, sometimes, but I had to wear one for your show.
You had to?
Who told you that?
Well, I got to look as nice as possible.
You got a big show.

[SPEAKER_03]
Okay.
All right.
So how'd you meet Peter McCullough?

[SPEAKER_07]
So actually, this started all at U of M when I was going to public health school.
I needed an internship.
And so what I did was I emailed every single professor for one.
Every single one said no or didn't respond except one.
And that was like months later.
But so because nobody answered me, I said, well, why don't I just message Dr. McCullough?
You know, I followed him.
I was looking, you know, I was a big fan of his, you know, in the early pandemic.
I trusted him for information.
So I reached out to him for an internship and he responded in five minutes with an entire internship idea.
And that was the systematic review of autopsies in deaths after the vaccine.
And so that's how that all began.
And so is that a paid internship?

[SPEAKER_03]
No, this was free.

[SPEAKER_07]
I had to graduate.

[SPEAKER_03]
Dang.
Okay.
Well, that sounds like a win-win.
And the rest is history.

[SPEAKER_07]
It was a win-win, but it was not a win for my relationships with my professors.
That's for sure.

[SPEAKER_03]
No, really?
They didn't pat you on the back and say, McCullough, he's one of the most published guys in his field.
It's amazing that you were able to secure an internship with him.
That is like, you know, you're you've got an internship with one of the world's best scientists that they didn't say that.

[SPEAKER_07]
You know, you would have thought that it would have said that, but no, they in fact warned I would not have a career if I continued to work with them.
They literally told me that, and they tried to offshore me to some professor and kind of take over this work I was doing with the vaccines, and I refused to do that, and I'm glad I did.
offshore you what do you mean offshore you they tried to take me away from doing the research project with Dr. McCullough to do it with one of the professors that was very very pro vaccine and you know that paper would not have turned out very credible if I did that

[SPEAKER_03]
You know, it's almost interesting that if you did the exact same study under tutelage of a professor at U of M, would you think that he would have advised you to, hey, let's change the data so that it doesn't look like the vaccine killed anyone?
You know, if you had notes of that, that would be quite interesting, wouldn't it?

[SPEAKER_07]
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Well, they would have introduced use.
They would have wanted to use methods to introduce drastic bias and claim that.
In fact, I remember one time they were looking at it because they had to review it.
And for some of these deaths after the vaccine, we identified these published autopsy reports.
I mean, they were trying to claim that
you know, multi organ failure within a week of the vaccine, we couldn't say was due to the vaccine.
So, you know, the thing was, is we had, you know, external pathologists on this paper to literally adjudicate these deaths.
That's what they do for a job.
And so, but then you had these public health professors kind of trying to say, well, no, no, you can't say that that's linked.
And so, yeah, I'm glad that they were not involved in this study.

[SPEAKER_03]
Wow, you can't say that they're linked.
So do you think if it was the other way around, you know, they're basically just playing the narrative and supporting the narrative rather than looking objectively at the data, right?

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, that's correct.
They did not want to lose their jobs.
They're afraid of it.
And, you know, I had one professor that, you know, I think he agreed that they were causing, and this was our set.
We had a second systematic review.
This was looking at just myocarditis deaths after the vaccine.
And he agreed that, you know, it was killing people via heart damage, but they don't want to talk about it.
They just, they get so afraid.
of losing their careers and their tenure status that they refuse to do anything with it.
And in fact, the only vaccine studies they were basically doing at this university was studying the so-called vaccine hesitancy to increase vaccine uptake.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
So you can't get any one of these guys to debate you on the safety and efficacy of the COVID vaccine, for example.

[SPEAKER_07]
I could try I could try and email them.
I haven't tried yet.
But my I would guess that they would say no.

[SPEAKER_03]
I would guess that they would not reply.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, just like they didn't reply for the internship.
Exactly.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
Well, but for the internship, you weren't really known as any kind of vaccine misinformation super spreader, right?

[SPEAKER_07]
No, I wasn't.
I was just a kid.
They had no clue who I was and they didn't respond anyways, you know, and you think, you know, it is their job to respond to emails, professors, but most of them did not.

[SPEAKER_03]
So you've done, your name is on 16 studies that, and that's insane.
I I've been working for the past six months on my K core algorithm.
And I'm still, it's getting close to submission, but I've been saying that to my wife for weeks now and always finding, oh, I got to correct this and correct this and whoops, there's an error here and so forth.
So these papers take a long time to write.
This paper is like 66 pages long.
and because I've given it to dozens of people to review and each one has well it doesn't have this and it doesn't talk about this and it should talk about this and what about this case and what yeah and so forth and so you end up spending a lot of time on preparing these papers before submission because you don't want to be rejected so it's got to be perfect
Submission or you get a desk rejection So my question is how can you possibly have done 16 studies in such a short amount of time?
Are you the primary author on these 16 studies?
And if so, how are you able to?

[SPEAKER_07]
Create these studies so quickly Actually, it's 22 now 16 was was last year's numbers and I was 22 but yeah, I'm not I
The first author on all of them you're so you're right about that so a lot of these are collaborative efforts where we you know we do have a large team sometimes five six or seven authors and it's usually it is the first author that does the most work now I do have.
you know there's about seven or eight where I am the first author which that does obviously like you know take a large amount of time and so yeah they're not all first authors but so I did but I did assist in writing the manuscripts for these others particularly in creating these very robust figures that illustrate the key findings
as well as some data analysis support and the, you know, manuscript drafting.
But the one that took the most time, I would say, among all of these was probably was the first one, the systematic review of autopsy findings and deaths.
after the vaccine because that is literally just sitting down and literally you got to find every single published autopsy report you can't miss one and so that takes many many months to kind of do that search process but the second one was our autism report
that is now undergoing peer review.
We put it out on Zenodo, but, you know, that's like over 50 pages.
We have 300 references.
And so, and I know who's coming on the show later tonight, Mila Radited.
She was also an author on that paper.
And so, you know, a lot of these definitely having a team will help.

[SPEAKER_03]
So presumably you're using Sotero to track your references.

[SPEAKER_07]
I tried to get that working.
I can never get that working.
So what we're doing now is... Oh, man.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I got to know how to use it.
I was doing it manually first and that's a nightmare.

[SPEAKER_03]
No, you can't do it manually.
That's insane.
So not Microsoft EndNote.
Not with 300 references.
Yeah.
Microsoft EndNote.
Yeah.
Okay.
So yeah, I mean, you can put in the style guide that you need for the references, presumably.

[SPEAKER_07]
Well, actually, the main purpose of just using EndNote is to ensure the numbers change when you add new references, you know, so you don't have to go through and manually do it.

[SPEAKER_03]
But it doesn't do styles?
It doesn't take a CSL file?

[SPEAKER_07]
It might.
It might.
I haven't gone that far into it.

[SPEAKER_03]
Oh, wow.
Okay.
I would think anyone who gets to 300 references, Zotero is your best friend.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, no, I got on the manual route.
You're right.
We can't be using manual routes for references.
It's a nightmare.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, well, I'm happy to give you a tutorial on Zotero and CSL files and so forth.
So you've been taking any vaccines lately, Nick.
So when was your last vaccine?

[SPEAKER_07]
My last vaccine may have been when I was 10 years old.
I believe it was hepatitis A or B so I could go to China.
For an eighth grade trip and you know, I didn't want it, but we were kind of forced to get it.
But yeah, it's been a long time since I have good for you.

[SPEAKER_03]
And so how'd you avoid getting COVID vaccine and still be able to travel?
Or did you basically not travel?

[SPEAKER_07]
Oh, I did travel.
I traveled to Costa Rica without a vaccine.
I traveled to Hawaii without a vaccine, but they were traveled to Hawaii without a vaccine.
Yep.
Isn't that impossible?
2020 to early 2022.
Oh, it was almost impossible.
We had to go to CBS and get PCR swabbed and hopeful hoped that it would turn out
you know, false or positive, negative.
So we could get the Hawaii pass.
I don't remember what it's called, but yeah.
Yeah.
So we had to get tested, but aloha pass probably.
Yeah.
I think that's what it was called.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
Nice name like that.
So have you been challenged to public debate by anyone or have you challenged other people to, Hey, let's have a public debate on this stuff.
Like, has it gone either way for you?

[SPEAKER_07]
No, I've never received a request by any of the vaccine ideologues for a debate.
In fact, I know you've asked so many of them.

[SPEAKER_03]
We're like the Maytag repairmen.
You know, we're sitting by the phone waiting to get called.

[SPEAKER_07]
There will never be a call because they're afraid to because they know they'll lose.

[SPEAKER_03]
Do you remember those?
Maybe you're too young.
Did you ever see the Maytag Repairman commercials?
I didn't see it.
Yeah, I'm kind of dating myself.
So what was your red pill moment on this?
Like at 10 years old, that was your last vaccine.
How did you break the code, right?
Because everybody was telling you it's safe and effective.
So how did you know?
I should get the x-shot or y-shot or z-shot like what was your wake-up moment?

[SPEAKER_07]
Well, I would just say I was on the deep ends of the internet In high school, you know on the all the conspiracy forums You got to remember those because right there was there was nowhere else to go for for information that was not given
By the government.
So basically I started questioning the vaccination programs quite early on Beginning of high school around actually known in eighth grade.
I wrote a paper for literature class on vaccines Causing autism and so that's kind of oh that must have made you really popular with the with the school The principal's office for doing that
No, no, I got a B minus, I believe.
B minus.

[SPEAKER_03]
Was there anything wrong with that paper?

[SPEAKER_07]
No, it was pretty solid.
I remember I had like six solid references.
I remember some papers.
One was by Blaylock.
Blaylock and I don't remember the others, but yeah, it was solidly referenced.
And yeah, I didn't minus B minus.
Yeah.
You know what?
I would take it.
I would take it.
But no, I began to get concerned early on.
And thus, when the pandemic hit, there was no way I was going to take any vaccine.

[SPEAKER_03]
So do you remember the comments as to why you got a B minus for telling the truth?

[SPEAKER_07]
I can't remember, you know, I think maybe just because of the subject matter, it was a B minus.
But I wrote it pretty good.

[SPEAKER_03]
I think it was just just the letter grade on the paper.
And that's it.
No comments.

[SPEAKER_07]
There was a few.
Actually, I remember there was a few comments, but all the comments were positive.
So, you know, I don't know where that letter grade subtraction came from.

[SPEAKER_03]
Okay, so you're a busy guy, you write papers, I see you posting on X all the time, and I see your interviews being posted as well.
So you're definitely, you get a lot done in a day, you're really multi-task.
So do you tend to,
sort of focus on one thing at a time or did you is your day pretty mixed up in terms of all I got to got a video interview now and I'm going to tweet for the next couple hours and then I'll spend another few hours on writing papers or you know how do you split it up how do you split it up.

[SPEAKER_07]
Well, you hit the nail on the head there.
It's kind of a mashup of completing one task and then going to the next.
So yeah, usually it's every day.
It's basically working on a manuscript of some form.
You know, right now we got like six up the pipeline.
So that's a very, you know, burdensome task, but definitely worth it.
But then, yeah, it is the video interviews, posting on X, sub stack, disseminating the information, and then trying to keep up to date.
I get emails, PubMed query emails of every single new COVID vaccine safety study that comes out every day and is indexed on PubMed.
So I read through that every morning.
So I go through literally every one so I won't miss any breaking study that comes out.
Oh, wow.
Good for you.

[SPEAKER_03]
Anything that you read that was surprising to you?
So a lot of these studies come out, like this French study that says, oh, the vaccines had no adverse events here.
Here's our study.
And it shows that, look, 25 reduction in auto accidents after you take the COVID vaccine.
And this stuff gets published.
I mean, so have you seen a piece of research
that came across your desk where you looked at the paper and said, wow, maybe I was wrong.
Maybe these vaccines are safe and effective.

[SPEAKER_07]
No, honestly, the reason I haven't seen that is because every single one that claims that is a form of large scale epidemiological study that is based on some sort of modeling method or some sort of
Usually, okay, every time I see a paper such as that one, for example, that claimed 25% reduction in all-cause mortality in the vaccinated, every time there's a study like that, you look at the methods and there's always something like, really, are you kidding me?
And in that study specifically,
they literally eliminated every single vaccine death.
Every single death that occurred, I believe it was within six months of taking the vaccine, were out of the data set.

[SPEAKER_03]
So they literally...
Totally.
You got it.
You got like, how could you include that, right?
I mean, that might reveal the truth.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, yeah.
What was their excuse for doing that?
They claim it was to reduce bias of some sort, you know.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, of course they reduced the bias, yeah.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, they introduced massive bias to reduce the bias.
Now, it's all a bunch of nonsense.
The same thing goes for the studies claiming that myocarditis is more dangerous and lethal with the infection compared to the vaccine.
It's the same type of...
They remove cases, early cases intentionally, and then they use other tricks such as
It usually has to do with time windows.
They move the time windows around and that skews the results significantly.

[SPEAKER_03]
So do you think these guys basically have their research plan?
They do it and they say, oh shit, this makes the vaccine look bad.
This is a career suicide for us.
We're going to figure out a way to massage the data, manipulate the data, use the Cox proportional hazards analysis to go and make sure that we have the right covariance such that we can make the signal go away.
Is that how they think?
And do you know that's how they think?

[SPEAKER_07]
I believe it is how they think, particularly if you look at the funders of some of these studies.
And I think a lot of the time, the data sets they use could just be fraudulent, because some of these, they're not publicly available.
So we will never know exactly how.

[SPEAKER_03]
Most of them aren't publicly available, are they?

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, they're not.
They're not.

[SPEAKER_03]
So you can find the paper where it's publicly available.
Yeah, that's like finding a needle in a haystack.
Like out of 100 papers that you read, how many papers have publicly available data?

[SPEAKER_07]
I mean, I guess I would put it at, you know, maybe 50%.
They'll have some sort of, it'll be based on a publicly available data set.
But usually the large studies that claim these miraculous benefits, it's not publicly available.

[SPEAKER_03]
I've never seen one.
Never seen one with this publicly available record level data.
Have you?
No, no, not record level data.
No, no, no way.
For some reason that has to be remained hidden.
I wonder why they have to.
I mean, the vaccines are so safe and effective.
Why do they have to hide the data?

[SPEAKER_07]
Exactly exactly one thing I do and you know for people that just look at those studies that say they save millions of lives and they're safe one thing you have to do is you have to then consider the biological
plausibility and mechanisms and that's one thing that many of these vaccine people, they don't do that.
They just completely exclude that from the equation.
They exclude the fact that a non-human synthetic modified messenger RNA going into like your brain, your brain stem and your heart
to instruct those vital organs to make a non-human modified protein is safe and good for you.
That's, I guess, what they claim.
It's impossible.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
So have you convinced anyone with your papers?
Has anyone ever come up to you and said, hey, Nick, you know, I was a believer in the narrative.
But after reading your paper, Nick, I am now an anti-vaxxer.
Like, has anyone ever told you that your work has shifted their point of view?

[SPEAKER_07]
A few people, very few people.
I haven't had too many come up.
But I have had people come up and say, well, I've shown my mom or my cousin or my friend your studies, and it changed their view.
I've had some of those comments.
That's awesome.
But yeah, now we're at a point in 2026 where the remaining 20% of the population, it appears their minds cannot be changed.

[SPEAKER_03]
You know, maybe the proper vaccine could open them up to the power of suggestion.
Or the power of critical thinking, you could call it the critical thinking vaccine that you could take that enables your mind actually to shed its belief in the narrative and be open to suggestions that maybe you were lied to.
Wouldn't that be great?

[SPEAKER_07]
That's the next vaccine we need, you know.
The the truth vaccine.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, the critical thinking vaccine.
What was your biggest surprise in all of this that, you know, and after we had the covid shots coming out, what was your what were you surprised about?
Over the last three or four years, are you surprised that
Wow, people still haven't caught on and people are still lining up for the shots.
They're not lining up as much as they were before.
I'll tell you that.
But are you surprised at how hard it is to red pill the people in the United States Congress, for example?
Like I would say that in the members of Congress, maybe it's got to be less than 5% of the members of Congress are speaking out against the vaccine, right?
I mean, it's a tiny percentage.
And so it just gives you a sense for that.
That's kind of my, you know, finger in the wind and figure out which way the wind is blowing is to look at the members of Congress and listen to the committees when they when they have these hearings and they're all
with rare exceptions, you know, going after RFK like he's anti-science when the reality is the opposite is true.
So it's like, this has taken a lot longer than it should.
And it's because the people who have these beliefs, they just don't want to listen to anybody who disagrees with them.
You know, you can't show them the evidence because they won't look
So you can't change their minds.
It's just like, it's like, oh, I like I don't even want to waste my time looking at the evidence.
I rely on experts.
And the experts all say these vaccines have saved millions of lives and are safe and effective.
And I don't have time to hear your nonsense is basically how they think.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yep, you hit the nail on the head.
They do that.
And a lot of the times they, you know, not only are they receiving money from certain pharmaceutical corporations, you know, skewing their intentions, but a lot of the time,

[SPEAKER_03]
you know they've taken many doses themselves perhaps six booster injections yeah they totally believe in it yeah so so look is is yeah is there any evidence actually is there any scientific evidence that taking vaccines actually reduces mortality no because i haven't seen it

[SPEAKER_07]
No, and you brought it up.
I saw a tweet of yours the other day and it's even cited in our autism report where, yeah, there was a CDC study that looked to see if the vaccines, if staying, you know, up to date on the childhood vaccines reduces mortality,
compared to not, and it does not reduce mortality.
It just it didn't.
Not at all.
And so if it's, you know.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
So so explain to me, explain to me why California mandates that kids get vaccinated and get the shots to attend school, because the evidence says there's no mortality benefit.
So why are we doing it?
Why would we mandate, I can see how they might recommend it, but why would you mandate that you get the medical, that you have to take a medical intervention?
basically does nothing to reduce mortality.
And in fact, it probably increases mortality because they cut that study short.
You notice how it went up to like four or five years and then it said, well, let's not talk about what happens at age six.
Like, come on, if the vaccines worked, they'd be saying, well,
Six years old, benefit.
Seven year olds, benefit.
Eight year olds, benefit.
Nine year olds, ten.
They said, well, we just looked at this one data point and it was neutral.
I mean, it's an admission.
of this shit doesn't work, it kills people.
So you have an admission from the CDC itself that these shots don't work and yet California is mandating kids get the shot.
How is that even rational?

[SPEAKER_07]
What kind of society does that?
It's not a crazy society.
You know, even communist countries don't mandate the vaccine.
Exactly!
It's insane!
California mandates the vaccines.
They have the highest autism rates in the entire country.
because they're bombarding the children with all these toxic loads.
There was a recent study that found increased mortality from the childhood vaccines.
This was by Children's Health Defense.

[SPEAKER_03]
Louisiana, I think, wasn't it?

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, Louisiana Department of Health death records and they looked at infants
Two month old infants, they got all six of the CDC recommended vaccines, you know, they were 68% more likely to die in the following month compared to the unvaccinated females.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, horrible.
Horrible.
Let's talk about turbo cancers.
So what do we know about turbo cancers?
The COVID vaccines are responsible for turbo cancers.
Could COVID cause turbo cancers or is it all from the COVID vaccines?
And how come?
we're not seeing these huge rises when we look at the MCOD or the UCOD data.
I mean, and the MCOD data, the multiple causes of death that's MCOD.
The CDC's MCOD basically doesn't show any kind of major signal on cancers.
I would have thought the cancers would go here and then they'd take this huge jump.
after the COVID shots rolled up, but that doesn't seem to be the case.
So I'm very confused by what I see in the numbers and what doctors are seeing in the clinics, because I know talking to doctors that they said, I've never seen anything like this before.
These patients that are perfectly normal are presenting with stage four XYZ cancer.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, yeah.
Well, we know for a fact now, the largest oncologic safety assessment of the COVID shots was just published in OncoTarget, a major cancer journal, and they got hit with cyber attacks by possibly, you know, they got hit with cyber attacks just before they published it, so they couldn't put it online.
And the FBI was contacted by the way and so it got up into PubMed and what they found was, oh by the way now it's down again, the journal's been hit with another cyber attack.
Wow.
Yep, so this, but I just want to say what they found, they collected all of the cancer evidence of the COVID shots
And they found over 300 confirmed vaccine turbo cancer cases documented in the peer-reviewed literature.
So that's not like the number that we see in the real world.
That's just the number of scientists that collected these cases and found them.
So we know it's real and it spans every single type of cancer you could think of.
Lymphoma was like 40% of the cases.
So it is doing that.
But what's most shocking is there are two population, large-scale population studies, totally now about 10 million people where they do find major increased risks of multiple cancers.
Seven types of cancers are increased in the vaccinated populations compared to the unvaccinated.
And there was a military data set in there, 1.2 million people.
I believe some type of lymphoma was increased drastically in 2021 among the mandated members of the military.
The military members that were mandated to take these shots, these certain types of cancers skyrocketed.
And so this paper is so damning.
that we know for sure that these shots are carcinogenic.
And so that's why they're getting hit with illegal cyber warfare activities.

[SPEAKER_03]
Uh, the, um, uh, childhood, uh, vaccine schedule HPV.
What do you think about the HPV vaccine?
Any, any thoughts on that?
And, and the decision by ACIP, uh, for, uh, the HPV vaccine, instead of it making it mandatory to, uh, at least push it out, uh, till the child is two months old or older.
But I don't think it should be used at all.
What do you think?

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, I don't think it should be used at all.
There's a great article by a Midwestern doctor on this vaccine that shows just how terrible it is.
It's actually very dangerous.
And it appears it does not reduce cervical cancer like they claim by any meaningful degree.
And so, again, at this point in time, after looking at
what happens when you vaccinate young children.
I don't think it's wise to give them anything, particularly when they're at a very young age undergoing critical neurodevelopmental windows.

[SPEAKER_03]
Do you think there were there even placebo controlled trials that for young kids taking the HPV vaccine where they follow them for 10 years or 20 years to look at the mortality?

[SPEAKER_07]
There were those studies, is what you're saying.

[SPEAKER_03]
No, I'm asking.
Are you aware of any studies?

[SPEAKER_07]
No, no, no, no, they have not got any of those studies.
No placebo trials.
You know, it's just it's just a joke.
I mean, for none of these vaccines, there's no long term placebo controlled trials.
for assessing mortality.

[SPEAKER_03]
Including the COVID vaccine, right?
Because the COVID vaccine was not tested in kids under 12.
They basically tested it for kids 12 and older, but they didn't test it for kids younger than that, and they just assumed that it would work and be safe.
COVID vaccines, you think there's any possibility that the lives saved is greater than the lives killed?

[SPEAKER_07]
No, no, it's killed far more.
I don't think it saved anybody to be completely honest.

[SPEAKER_03]
I'm going to go faster because I'm running out of time.
State of epidemiology and epidemiological studies.
I'm amazed by the amount of crap that is published that gets it through peer review and gets published in journals.
And it's just awful stuff.
that is totally confounded without any acknowledgement that our conclusions are probably... We can't have any confidence in our solutions because the negative controls aren't satisfied if they have any negative controls and so forth.
But the methods they use are awful.
They're stone age.
They're not appropriate for vaccine studies.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, they're awful.
And they've always been awful.
And they've always been flawed.
And they've always been incomplete and not long-term.
And so we just don't know.
We just don't know the true safety of any of these childhood vaccines.

[SPEAKER_03]
Oh, we do.
I do.
I do, because I use this new method.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, we know the serious adverse event and adverse event profile.
But basically, they claim they're safe.
They cannot claim that.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, so John Anidis did a paper claiming that millions of lives have been saved by the COVID shots instead of 10 million.
He just said, it's over a million.
But he uses modeling rather than record level data.
And I tried to text him.
I said, how come we're not using the record level data and he doesn't respond?

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
You know what study I'm talking about?

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah.
But I know that was in JAMA, was it not?
Yeah, I think so.
As each year goes by, they come out with a new study saying, well, it still saved lives, but it saved less, and then less, and then less, and then less, and it keeps getting lower and lower.
But yeah, those models based on these so-called live save studies are ridiculous.
Rafael Lataster, you know, he's debugged this in like four different peer-reviewed papers now.
You know, their modeling methods, they claim in these models that the vaccines would reduce transmission and all sorts of nonsense that is literally impossible and doesn't make any sense.
And so they have all these false inputs and then thus they get these false estimates of lives.
When we look at how many excess observed excess deaths there were globally, there's been over 20 million, you know, since 2020.
Right.
So people are dying.

[SPEAKER_03]
Look the other way.
on those.
Flu shots, we spoke briefly about the flu.
Anything you want to add to that other than they don't work and people shouldn't take them and they increase your risk of having flu?

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, they increase your risk of flu.
Other infections by like 340%.
Now there's the single largest study looking at vaccines and dementia from flu shots and pneumococcal shots.
um, increase your risk of dementia and Alzheimer's by about 50%.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
That is crazy.
Um, and of course, uh, COVID shots cause vaccine injuries and as well as other shots.
Um, in fact, probably every vaccine is responsible for vaccine injuries, right?
There's no, is there a safe vaccine that doesn't cause people to have vaccine injuries?

[SPEAKER_07]
No, no.
When you inject a product, a product with highly potent toxins into somebody's arm, it gets into their bloodstream and it travels throughout the body and causes damage and that's unavoidable.

[SPEAKER_03]
All right, well, speaking of unavoidable damage, let's bring on our host, Livio Sanchez, to introduce Mila.
And I want to know what that white thing is behind you, because with the two knobs on it and that black thing that you pull, what the heck is that?
Maybe we should have the audience guess.
I've not seen that before.
Behind Nick, you mean?

[SPEAKER_10]
No, behind Mila.
Oh, let me bring Lemille on so we can see what you're talking about.
Let me welcome Mila.
Hi, Mila.
Welcome back to VSRF Live.
How are you?

[SPEAKER_06]
I'm doing well, Livia.
Thank you.
And Steve, that was actually, well, it's kind of shoved in there.
This was my first microscope.

[SPEAKER_10]
Okay.
Good.
I'm going to read Mila's.
Mystery solved.
I'm going to read Mila's bio before we get started with Mila.
Mila is a McCullough Foundation clinical scholar and aspiring physician, a high school graduate at just 14.
She pursued advanced academic training early.
including pre-medical studies, faced with institutional pressure that required her to receive the COVID vaccine in order to remain enrolled, Mila took the shot and unfortunately experienced serious adverse health effects that forced her to step away from her studies, an experience that now shapes how she approaches science and medicine.
She is also a former host of BSRF Live College Edition, where she elevated student voices and fostered a thoughtful discussion around public health
ethics and scientific integrity.
We're so grateful to have you back with us this evening, Mila.
And I just wanted to start off by having you take us back to when you got the COVID jab and what happened, how long after and which jab did you experience your first adverse reaction?

[SPEAKER_06]
Yes.
Well, thank you very much for having me again.
I'm very happy to see you all.
When it came to receiving the first dose of COVID, I was only 16 at the time, and not only was I receiving institutional pressure and coercion from my school, the nursing program I was in, but also the hospital I was working at, the city that I was working through.
The only vaccine that was available to me being under 18 was Pfizer.
I went in in September 2021 to get my first dose of Pfizer and within seconds I passed out.
The next thing I know, I was transported to the ER via ambulance.
And they refused to even see me in the emergency room, just claiming like, oh, she's an anti-vaxxer, she had a freak out.
There was nothing that I had said that would insinuate them to think that.
It was just the fact that I had a reaction following it.
So after sitting in the ER for hours, my family was just like, well, you're not being seen, so we're just gonna pick you up and leave.
Following that, I actually did not receive medical treatment and intervention for around a couple months to a year.
The timeline is a bit fuzzy due to my symptoms that developed.
And it started out as blue-like symptoms that just got increasingly more severe to tremors.
I got tonic-clonic seizures, grand mal.
I ended up being temporarily paralyzed from the waist down.
I had myocarditis.
I developed blood clotting and a myriad of other diseases in the autoimmune category as well.

[SPEAKER_03]
Okay, so you're perfectly normal before you take the shots and seconds after you take the shots, all hell breaks loose.
Yes.
Do you think the shots might have had something to do with it?

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, considering that I have no familial history of any of these diseases and I was a triathlete and competing in multiple athletic sports before then, yes, there was no other variable that could have caused such a dramatic reaction.

[SPEAKER_03]
So what did, have you met with any, how many doctors have seen you and to diagnose what you have?

[SPEAKER_06]
I've lost count.
Several.
Several.
I've been to many different institutions as well.

[SPEAKER_03]
Several.
Is that five?
Is it 10?
Is it 15?
Is it 100?
Is it 20?

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, it's definitely over 15.
I know I switched hospitals at least seven different times.

[SPEAKER_03]
Okay.
You've seen at least 15 doctors.
How many of those doctors said this was caused by the vaccine?

[SPEAKER_06]
I'd say
two that I've seen recently, maybe three, but they're all recent within the past two years.

[SPEAKER_03]
And so before then, 100% said it's not the vaccine.
So what was it?
What caused those injuries?

[SPEAKER_06]
Oh, it was absolutely nothing.
I was labeled as psychosomatic.
All of this was in my head.

[SPEAKER_03]
So, but functional functional, uh, what is it?
Functional, uh, uh, it's F like FND.
What's, what's, what's the functional neurological disorder?
Yeah.
Is that what they said?

[SPEAKER_06]
Yes.
I believe it was something along those lines.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
So it's all in your head.

[SPEAKER_10]
Seconds after the jab.
What did they say right there at who the person administering the jab?
What, what did they say if they, if it happened right there?

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, the nurse was freaking out and I believe other people that had received my dose or that, um,

[SPEAKER_03]
Effective dose.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, the the same I forget what it's called, but the similar doses the stash they have had similar reactions, so They were freaking out just because I was on the floor and convulsing but they had to experience those as well

[SPEAKER_03]
So they don't put two and two together to say, hmm, all these people who got this batch of the COVID vaccine all had the same symptoms right after they got the shot.
They don't make that connection at all.

[SPEAKER_06]
No, sir.

[SPEAKER_03]
you were still wow isn't isn't that amazing like absolutely is and the firefighters there ought to be an intelligence test to get into medical school where they ask a question suppose you see this event where 20 people get vaccinated and they all die within five seconds of the vaccine do you think the vaccine might have been the cause of the death yes or no

[SPEAKER_06]
It's not politically correct to say yes.

[SPEAKER_10]
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
I know, Mila, you were pretty much out for a while with your health issues.
And then you you've been, I think, getting a little better.
And we actually I saw you and I met Nick in person at CHD Austin.
And I want to bring on Nurse Angela, actually, because
Nicholas and I were there and experienced another seizure that you had at the conference.
How long had it been since your previous seizure?
And then I want to have Angela take us through because I remember Nicholas, I said, should we call 911?
Should we call an ambulance?
And then Angela came and was absolutely not.
And I'll leave it in your hands, Angela.
Welcome to VSRF Live, Nurse Angela.
Thank you for being here.

[SPEAKER_04]
So great to see you.
So great to see you, especially Mila.
It's giving you hugs and kisses from afar.
Yeah, I was actually down.
um, stairs with one of the spellers.
And I was just really fascinated and intrigued in this conversation with him.
Um, cause he had only been communicating for the last several years and, um, I didn't have my phone.
I was not paying attention to it.
And someone called another friend of ours saying, we need Angela up here right away.
And I went running up and she was on the ground, um, having this prolonged seizure and
It is very scary when you first see it.
I mean, I've been with lots of vaccine injured where I have called 911 and taken them into the hospital and they end up doing nothing for them.
You just end up with a big hospital bill.
And then the real risk of actually taking patients like Mila to the hospital is that these are not normal seizures.
Normal seizures last three to five minutes.
These go on for hours and she comes in and out of it.
And,
I've spoken to many ER doctors and they all have said the same thing, that if this patient presented in my emergency room, they would be sedated and intubated to maintain their airway.
Cause it's not normal.
This is not, and this is how I, I mean, I, I believe all these injured cause they all happen right after the vaccines, but they all look the same.
Amanda Damian looks exactly the same.
Steve has been there with me on several occasions when this has happened to her, Angela Dezell, I've been with her.
They all look the same.
And as,
Having worked in the ER, you know, 17 years going down for all the traumas, I've never seen anything look like this.
This is very specific to...
either the COVID vaccine injured or other vaccine injuries.
And we just laid there with Mila.
I always carry monitoring, you know, O2 sats, EKGs, blood pressure machines.
And we just monitor her and talk her through it.
And we did get her back up to my room and I just stayed with her for hours until they stopped.
And we actually, she's, we have a short little video of what it looks like for people to see.
Olivia, if you want to play that.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.
This is, uh, how long, how, how long was her seizure at this point?

[SPEAKER_04]
Where, when you, uh, this is probably an hour to an hour and a half into it.
She was almost coming out of it at this point.
So she, we were probably reaching that almost two hour mark here.
Um, of this video.

[SPEAKER_10]
All right, here it comes.
I got like 40 seconds of it.
And your, your sound is good.
So you can talk through what's going on here.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
It's crazy seeing myself because this is such a light version of what I used to go through multiple times a day for months on end without treatment.

[SPEAKER_10]
So this is an hour after Nicholas and I saw her in the outside of the conference room and then you were to

[SPEAKER_04]
to a room where she continued and I just remember Mary Holland so sweet like such a sweetheart.
I sent Susie to go get me some medical equipment just so I could monitor her because the hotel was getting very nervous seeing her on the ground doing this.
They kept coming.
And wanting like, are we still safe?
Are we okay?
We, we don't normally let things go this far.
They kept coming, you know, every couple of minutes.
And so finally I thought we just need to get her to my bedroom because they're not going to be comfortable.
You know, in the beginning, I wasn't comfortable with it, but I've gone through it, you know,
probably 50 plus times with vaccine injury.
So I'm now very comfortable with it.
And so I knew we just had to get her up to my room so that they would leave us alone.
And I sent Susie to go get us some equipment just so I could monitor her and make sure she was safe.
And Mary Holland saw Susie running.
And Susie told her what was going on.
And she's so sweet.
She like stepped out of her whole conference to come and just sit there and watch.
And I just remember seeing her kind of in the corner of her room, just shaking her head.
you know, because she, she knows what it looks like from her own child being vaccine injured.
So, um, Amanda Damien was there also with me and it was really hard for her to see it because this is what happens to her all the time.
And unfortunately, Amanda Damien had one in the middle.
I think Gavin De Becker, somebody was speaking in the conference the next day and I was on the ground with Amanda for an hour and the same thing happened.
The security, the,
the hotel staff came and wanted to take her away.
And they finally said, we have five more minutes.
And if you don't get Amanda out of here in five minutes, we're calling an ambulance.
And so did the same thing with her, kind of scooped her up with a couple of strong men and brought her back to the room.
But it's just, it's, it's unbelievable.
It's, it's the things that we see.
I mean, as you can, I'm here now in a clinic.
I'm not going to disclose where I am, but I'm out of the country.
taking care of a vaccine injured at this point, doing experimental treatments, stem cells.
And it's not something that I would recommend at this point or not recommend.
It's up to the patient and their provider, but
There are studies that show that it lowers the inflammatory response, it lowers cytokines, it helps regulate the immune system.
And so what's really sad is a lot of these vaccine-injured are having to go do these experimental treatments in other parts of the world to try and save their life.
There have been studies that show that it helps regenerate damaged tissues.
And as we know, these autoimmune inflammatory conditions damage organs and tissues.
patients are left on their own.
Here they are, the patient that I'm with was mandated to take it in order to work.
Patients that were mandated to take these are now being forced to spend tens of thousands of dollars to leave the country to get help for something that was forced upon them to earn an income.
It's really devastating that we could do that to these patients.
It just seems so inhumane.
So I'm hopeful, you know, I'll keep you guys up to date.
I have another patient that I'm probably going to leave the country with again next month and do the exact same thing.
And it's just trial and error.
You know, we've got to try.
We've got to give these patients hope and give them something.
because what we're doing for them here in the US is nothing.
There's no treatment for vaccine injury.
There's no diagnoses.
There's nothing other than what you said, Mila, is like in your head, the FND diagnosis.
So I have hope and I'm grateful to be doing what I'm doing.
And I'm so grateful to see Mila, just her beautiful face,
And I can't wait to see what the future has in store for you because you are so incredibly smart and so bright and have such a positive outlook.
So it's just incredible to see you.

[SPEAKER_10]
If I can ask Mila, what kind of treatment are you receiving now?
Are you on your own or are you with any any doctor that might be helping you?
And what kind of treatment are you getting?

[SPEAKER_06]
Yes.
So it originally started out with just my dad doing research and he found
Peter McCullough's protocol, we were on his protocol and something similar with supplements, just anything we could over the counter to possibly help after going through many, many papers of research.
And then now I'm working, I'm still on McCullough's protocol and I'm working with Leading Edge Clinic under Dr. Peter Kier-Corey.
And they are helping me through
Um, the remaining things I'm fighting here, Corey's amazing.

[SPEAKER_10]
That's great that you're with his care.
And are you encountering others, other vaccine injured like yourself?
And is there sort of, is there any community around where you're maybe helping each other?

[SPEAKER_06]
I'm encountering quite a lot of vaccine injured.
The biggest issue?
No, we don't have community.
And it's because everyone is so afraid to speak out about what's going on.
And even if it's just in person, it's still so hush-hush and taboo to
talk about it's incredibly they're like scared someone their phones going to overhear and their boss is going to fire them.
It's absolutely insane type of thinking.
So I know Amanda Damian and I've become close with her but she's
And I know other close friends that actually were vaccine injured, but now they don't even want to talk to me because I'm being vocal about it, even if they have the same or worse conditions than me.
But being connected to me is going to hurt their social status.
And they're scared what could happen that way.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, I have a friend of the family who I told, don't get the COVID vaccine.
And he was going to, he's on a trip to Japan and his doctor recommended that they get COVID vaccine.
So he got the COVID vaccine because he came from his doctor.
The doctor knows more than I do.
And so three, two weeks after he got the shot, he is now suffering from pericarditis.
He's had a severe case of pericarditis.
And and then I asked him, I said, well, will you talk about it so that we can warn other people and tell your story about how you didn't believe me and believed your doctor and look what happened to you?
He said, no, I don't want to do that.
I'm not not going to go there.
Nick, have you encountered people who are

[SPEAKER_10]
whether they admit it or not, experiencing vaccine adverse reactions like Mila.
And have you tried to share your work with them to see if they would at least look at the data?

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah.
Well, first I want to say like, it's very clear that vaccine injury is real.
So, you know, I'd love to see Paul Offit and Peter Hotez on this show, you know, having to face real injured.

[SPEAKER_03]
Oh, that'll be the day.
That'll be the day.
In my dreams.

[SPEAKER_11]
But they won't.

[SPEAKER_03]
Not for millions of dollars.
No, not going to happen.

[SPEAKER_06]
I was too scared to take that bet.

[SPEAKER_03]
No, I don't want to look at it.

[SPEAKER_04]
What did you think when you saw Mila?
Was that the first time you saw or you had seen somebody do something like that?

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, that was the first time that in real life I saw a vaccine injury manifestation.
I've never seen it before.
So I had no clue what to think or what to do.
And so we were very thankful you were there to kind of guide that process and prevented the EMS from showing up.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, it's definitely not something like you've ever seen before.
I mean, it's a combination of looking like you're having a seizure, but then you're also being electrocuted and then you kind of come in and out and it just goes on and on and on.
I would love to one day know like the pathophysiology of what's happening.

[SPEAKER_07]
I want us to say one thing you mentioned about do I hear or see people with vaccine injury.
Every single day I'll get a flood of messages or emails of people saying my aunt got turbo cancer, my cousin has a glioma, glioblastoma.
My son is, you know, in the hospital dying of some neurological disorder.
So I receive messages every day of people who are directly injured by these injections.
Nobody's helping them.
There's no government guidance.
There's no research on going federally funded to help these people.
And so they're just abandoned.
And recently I received a call from a mother whose 40-year-old son died of a cardiac tumor that metastasized his brain stem shortly after the Pfizer shots.
And she's left just without a son now.
So this is very, very bad what it has done to so many families.
They're still being ignored.
Super destructive.

[SPEAKER_04]
It's awful.
I mean, there are these, these children that have passed away.
You know, we, I had one in my neighborhood, um, a 15 year old named Odin, but you know, there's, there's Sean and Ernest and, you know, Trista and, you know, just so many others.
Victor, who we got to meet, we got to meet Victor's mom, um, Hedy, when we were in,
at c h d who lost her young son he was in his early thirties and uh... there's a peer-reviewed paper on that uh... just awful just really awful it's it's shocks me that we haven't pull these off the market it really shocks me i have only friends who have had all kinds of issues since they got the vaccine or the jet and they still won't acknowledge it and they're still struggling and they still won't connect the dots

[SPEAKER_10]
And yeah, I'm at the point where I have it.
I'm going to throw in some questions while we're here from the audience.
One from Aaron.
Nick, can you talk more about the cancer link with COVID shots?
What are the main biological mechanisms in play?
Is it spike, immune suppression, IG4 glass switch, LNPs?

[SPEAKER_07]
Well, you listed all of them, you listed all of them right there.
Spike is definitely appears to suppress the tumor suppressor gene P53, which is essential for kind of keeping cancers under control.
So spike is a central component, but what we've recently identified is transcriptional disruptions in other key gene expressions.
That are essential for cancer surveillance.
So it does appear that not only the spike, but the fact of flooding the cells with modified message and forcing them to produce a protein for undefined periods of time.
Is inducing DNA repair failure and other sorts of bad things abnormal protein production.
So you'll have proteins being produced by the cells that I corrupted and these cell lines will then go on.
So these cells will reproduce.
and new cells will form and then those will be further and further corrupted.
So, you know, there's a lot of different mechanisms that are going on, but a lot of the cancers are not new cancers.
They're simply drastic accelerations of cancers that may have been there that were checked, but then they got the shot and then all of a sudden the immune system collapses and these cancers are allowed to propagate up and then you get hyperinflammation.
which is basically primes the body for cancerous growths.
And so there's just so many different mechanisms.
DNA contamination, SV40, that can be playing a role for sure.
That can be integrating into genomes, which we have demonstrated in a case report.
So yeah, we don't know the exact single mechanism.
We don't think it's one.
We think there actually is about 17 different ways that these may be carcinogenic.

[SPEAKER_10]
Wow, this is a good follow up to that from genius AF.
A friend was just diagnosed with stage four leukemia stage four 33 years old has a new baby.
What did the data show about a link between leukemia specifically and the COVID mRNA shots?

[SPEAKER_07]
With leukemia, there's no really population data showing increased risk for there, but there's many case reports of verified leukemia cases, turbo leukemia cases after these shots, where it is, but there's a few in young individuals, they receive the shot and they get the leukemias.
And so there's really very limited,
data accessible on this syndrome.
Unfortunately, so we're still in the dark of how much does your risk increase of leukemia after these shots.
But regardless, we know it does happen.
And we know that really cancer of any organ system can happen from these shots, unfortunately, because this genetic material can reach every single organ system.

[SPEAKER_03]
The problem that we have in the US is that the data in the US is terrible, even within a hospital system.
And so it's much better to have data systems that are outside the country, but like nobody's looking at those, those, those data sets.

[SPEAKER_10]
I have a question from Uly on web and I'm not sure if we can get a good answer, but I'm going to ask this one.
I hear a bunch of cases of turbo cancers also in unvaxxed.
How can that be explained?
Shedding is the question.

[SPEAKER_07]
Is this one for me?

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, it's probably for you or I don't know if either Nurse Angela or even Steve might be able to speak on shedding and unvaxxed turbo cancer cases.

[SPEAKER_07]
Well, I'll say shedding is real.
There was a paper that came out
The Israeli paper which found Pfizer mRNA in unvaccinated women's placentas.
This paper was deleted from the journal.
We don't really know why.
Deleted?
Yeah.
Deleted?
It was deleted.

[SPEAKER_03]
Not retracted?
No.
Deleted.
How does a paper get deleted from a journal?
I don't understand.
Is that allowed?
That's not supposed to be possible.

[SPEAKER_07]
Well, we suspect the author, one of the authors requested it for it to be deleted.
We don't know why.
It's very strange.
But the journal is not allowed to delete it, but they did anyways.
And so there's that.
But yeah, through shedding, it's possible they could contribute.
But yeah, you know, there's other factors in the environment as well since 2020.
There may be increasing cancer risk such as 5G rollout in 2020.
Nobody's bothered to study those effects on humans.
In the rats, it causes cancer.
So, you know, again, there's many things that we've now been subjected to that may be increasing cancer in unvaccinated people as well.
And cancers have been rising, you know, for the past 30 years.
You know, so we're just being bombarded with stuff on the daily basis, and it continues to increase.

[SPEAKER_04]
I think too, just COVID alone.
I mean, COVID is a man-made virus.
It's not naturally occurring.
It's very inflammatory.
And it causes spike protein in it.
You know, with Bruce Patterson and Dr. Yogendra, they found the patients with long COVID had this S1 in the non-classical monocytes, just like the vaccine injured.
And so, you know, I think that this man-made virus that was never meant to
be released to the world is causing havoc as well.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, for sure.
That large systematic review that got cyber attacked, they did find a few SARS-CoV-2 cancer cases.
So it appears, unfortunately, yeah, this laboratory monster can at least contribute to cancer reactivations in some individuals.

[SPEAKER_10]
I have a question for Mila from Bright Blue.
A couple of similar questions, but this one is, when was your last grand mal seizure and what medications are you taking, if any?

[SPEAKER_06]
My last grand mal seizure was at the conference with you guys.
I don't remember the specific date or month of that.

[SPEAKER_10]
It was November, early November when we were there.

[SPEAKER_06]
Okay, early November.
And the
The only medication that has worked for me and a couple other patients with the same type of seizures, it has been Ativan.

[SPEAKER_04]
And that's what we use in the hospital, too, when patients are having seizures.
But your grand mal seizures are not like the normal grand mal seizures.
Those are, you know,
Prior to these vaccine injuries in the hospital, if we saw anything last longer than five minutes, it was really significant.
It's not normal for these to go on for two hours.

[SPEAKER_06]
And yet that's what we deal with on the daily.
So how is that even possible?
And why is this not being studied?

[SPEAKER_04]
That's a good question.
I have hopes for this year for vaccine injury studies.
I really do.
I have hopes for that to start occurring.

[SPEAKER_10]
Steve, we have a question for you from Timberati88I.
I understand Kennedy has access to all government health data sets.
When will they be released?
More damning thank you than the Epstein files, I would think.

[SPEAKER_03]
They were supposed to be released in September.
And I don't know why they weren't, but I'm hopeful that this will happen soon.
The US data, by the way, is terrible.
The data quality is terrible, US data.

[SPEAKER_04]
I know one honest anesthesiologist who is now screening for vaccine injuries before he takes patients under general anesthesia.
And he's actually created a tab
in the hospital system to screen for vaccine injuries.
That's one, one in the country.

[SPEAKER_03]
Wow.
What are his numbers?
Like out of a hundred patients that he puts under, how many are vaccine injured?

[SPEAKER_04]
I'll have to ask him that.
He just sent me a text message.

[SPEAKER_03]
I would really be interested in that number.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, he just sent me a text message the other day that he said, I did something.
And I said what?
And he said, I created a screening tool for vaccine injuries on my computer system.
So we'll see.

[SPEAKER_03]
Great question to ask.
And he has perfect right to ask that question.
And I tell you, it'd be stunning to get his numbers.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, that would be.

[SPEAKER_03]
It'd be really stunning.

[SPEAKER_10]
I got another question for Nick.
Do you think Tatiana Kennedy's turbo leukemia at the age of 35 that just killed her was from the mRNA vaccines?

[SPEAKER_07]
Obviously we can't tell without her medical records, but it appears she did receive multiple booster shots.
And she died of a very rapid and aggressive cancer at a very young age, which is very uncommon.
And so we could suspect that the mRNA shots at least contributed to her fatality, unfortunately.
And we know she attacked RFK vehemently for being an anti-vaxxer.
And then unfortunately she succumbed to her vaccine injuries.

[SPEAKER_03]
So it would have been great if she had said, I want a thorough autopsy with thorough pathology to determine my cause of death and to prove that it wasn't the COVID shots.
She didn't do that, did she?

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, to know for sure we need an autopsy, you know, see is there vaccine genetic material in her body?
Is it detectable?
And you know, then we get the for sure answer.
But yeah, I haven't heard her or her family call for that.

[SPEAKER_04]
I don't even think that he was allowed to the funeral services, but I think that it would have been great for her to donate her body to research to actually prove us wrong.

[SPEAKER_03]
Of course, of course.
That's what you do.
That's exactly what you do if you want to show that we're wrong.
She said her brother is endangering lives.
She could have saved so many lives had she said, I want to have the slides done.
I want to have the epidemiology.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, it's a bad once and for all.
And yeah, not going to happen.

[SPEAKER_07]
Gosh, now we're just now we just have to wonder.
Well, according to vaccine ideology, she took it for the team.
You know, that's that's what they do.
I guess they don't talk about it.
They just for the team.
They just die.
And then that's that.
Take it for the team.

[SPEAKER_06]
No official diagnosis.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.
Yeah.
Right.
Cause for the team.
One last question for Nick.
Are your parents anti-vax?
This is from Marie 444.
Great question.

[SPEAKER_07]
My parents now at this point, I don't think they would administer or recommend any vaccines now.

[SPEAKER_10]
Okay.
So they are anti-vax.

[SPEAKER_07]
Well, I mean, you know, that, that term, I don't like that term because it's been so demonized and used to demonize other people.
I guess I would just say,
You know, I'm anti-poisoning, anti-death and anti-chronic disease.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, I am with you, Nick.
I didn't mean to press too hard on that term.
I'm also, you know, as long as there's informed consent and you want to smoke a cigarette, even though you know it's going to potentially cause problems with your lungs.

[SPEAKER_04]
Not back in the day, Livio.
Back in the day, smoking cigarettes didn't cause problems with your lungs.
That's what we were told.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, doctors recommended the different brands.
More doctors smoke camels, right?
I want to thank, we're running long and I know many of our guests have to leave and I want to thank you all for being here tonight.
What a great conversation.
still tragic to hear the stories see the data that Nicholas presents and and just reinforcing what we know, but we just Can't get the even the legacy media to just take a look at Nicholas's work would be nice, right?

[SPEAKER_03]
Just to get like 60 minutes to bring them on Yeah, you ever had a call from 60 minutes in the New York Times or Washington Post or Chicago Tribune or LA Times Nick

[SPEAKER_07]
No, I've had Politico reached out and Al Jazeera.
They ran a few hit pieces, but...
They're all hit pieces, huh?
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
You know, Steve, I got a...
I was interviewed by the Washington Post for healthcare workers losing... Oh, sorry.
I keep getting phone calls.
uh, why healthcare workers are losing faith in the government.
And, um, I was interviewed, um, she did the whole write-up and for whatever reason, they wouldn't allow her to publish the study or publish the article.

[SPEAKER_03]
Oh, wow.
How'd you feel about that?

[SPEAKER_04]
Not good.
I was really upset because I spent, um, a lot of time with her explaining why
And I'll send you the screenshot, Steve.
You're more than welcome to blast it out there.
But I asked her, why hasn't this come out?
And she said, I wasn't able to publish it.

[SPEAKER_06]
Wow.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_10]
Free press.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_10]
The one above is a... Wow.
Mila, it's so great to see you again.
You look very well and healthy.
And I'm glad you haven't had another episode since we last saw you and appreciate the work you're doing with McCullough.
And I think you and Nicholas are also working together indirectly or directly.
Is that accurate?

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, directly.
Mila's working on a case report now.
On that case report, I mentioned of the cardiac sarcoma metastasizing to the brain stem.
So yeah, she's doing lots of great work.

[SPEAKER_04]
Awesome.

[SPEAKER_10]
Fantastic.
Thank you for the work.
And Angela, maybe you can come back after you come back home and let us know a little more detail once you're able to share some, some perhaps and some results and see if something's working down there.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, I hope the treatment goes well.
Thank you, Mila.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_10]
And Steve, thank you again for everything you do, all your effort and for being here with us on BSRF live tonight.
And I want to wish you all a happy new year and everyone else hang in there.
I've got some announcements and a little video I put together at the end.
So thank you, Nicholas.
Thank you, Angela, Mila, Steve, and have a great rest of your evening.
Appreciate you for being here.
Thank you.
And I'm going to continue on here before we close tonight.
I want to take a moment to thank every one of you who makes the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation possible.
And as we begin the very first week of 2026, we're reminded that VSRF is a small grassroots nonprofit and everything we do exists because of this community, your support, your engagement and your commitment to truth.
And as we step into a new year, your involvement matters more than ever.
It's what allows us to remain independent, to continue asking hard questions and to host these conversations week after week, conversations that so many families rely on.
And if you're able to help us to start 2026 Strong, please consider making a donation at vacsafety.org backslash donate, or by texting VSRF to 53555.
I'll share it on the screen here so you can have a visual.
Every contribution, no matter the size, truly makes a difference.
And thank you for standing with us and for being part of this growing movement.
And I also want to say before we wrap that we were going to have Gavin De Becker on next week, but he is still under the weather and won't be joining us next week as plants who are wishing Gavin a speedy recovery, a smooth and speedy recovery and ask that you please keep him in your thoughts and prayers.
And that said, we will be live next Thursday with a surprise guest and we're looking forward to another important conversation.
We hope you will join us.
And tonight, as I've just mentioned, we'll close out the program with a short video montage I put together featuring clips from our favorite Peter Hotez, Dr. Drew and Belle Del Bigtree, and RFK Jr. And in these clips, you'll hear sharply differing perspectives.
on recent changes to childhood vaccine recommendations, questions surrounding evidence-based public health policy, and long-standing concerns about safety, testing, liability, and risk assessment.
Together they reflect the broader debate unfolding right now, and why transparency, careful evaluation, and open discussion matter now more than ever.
Thank you for joining us tonight.
We will see you next Thursday, and have a great rest of your evening.
Good night.

[SPEAKER_01]
What about these six vaccinations that are no longer going to be recommended for children?
Why is that a problem?

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, there's two parts to this, Katie.
One is the gaslighting from their documents and their public statements.
And the second is just awful, awful, non-evidence-based terrible public health policies being implemented.
And I don't know how else to say it.
The gaslighting part is to say, well, now there's going to be shared decision-making for six vaccines instead of coercion.
It's nonsense.
I mean, I don't practice pediatrics anymore, but when I did,
And when I was mostly in the laboratory as a scientist, but when I practiced pediatrics both as a house officer in Boston and afterwards, there was never coercion.
You'd have a discussion with parents on the risk versus benefits of vaccines, and parents would be all in once you laid it out how awful these diseases are.
When you've taken care of kids with meningococcal meningitis and they lose their kidneys and they lose their limbs and they have permanent neurologic disability, it becomes self-evident.

[SPEAKER_09]
Why didn't we, when we had the opportunity, when these vaccines were being created, do the proper controlled study where one group got the vaccine and one group got a saline injection placebo and we tracked them over a period of time long enough
to see autoimmune diseases and see things like that.
I think it's shocking for every doctor that's waking up to this and more and more are.
We are now being surrounded in this conversation.
It's no longer an anti-vaxxer conspiracy theory.
When you see Dr. Robert Malone, who is a part of
of inventing mRNA technology.
Looking at this, Dr. Peter McCullough, the most published heart doctor in the world, is now saying there's no placebo trials that's a problem.
Dr. Paul Merrick, the most published ICU doctor, and frankly, Dr. Drew, you are saying I'm troubled by the lack of proper safety testing.
And look, it doesn't mean they're not safe, but it means we cannot be saying that they're safe with the sort of bravado that we have been for decades.

[SPEAKER_05]
That's right.
It's the careful risk-reward analysis.

[SPEAKER_00]
Why are these health so-called experts?
They're just up in arms.
They're so angry.
I think they're upset that their influence maybe is waning.
That's what seems to be some of it.

[SPEAKER_02]
hundreds and hundreds of billions of dollars that are being made, vaccines are different than other medicines because every other medicine your patent expires after 17 years.
If you get a vaccine recommended, you have that forever.
So it's producing billions of dollars for you every year.
And so the pharmaceutical companies really like vaccines.
When I was a kid, we had three vaccines.
Today, kids get 80 doses of 17 vaccines before they're 18.
That's up from 23 doses of 7 vaccines in 1980.
And, you know, that was prompted because we gave immunity from liability in 1986 to the drug companies, and there was a gold rush because this is a product... Well, that should end.
