[SPEAKER_01]
Paranoia is in bloom, the P.R.
Transmissions will resume I'll try to push, try to keep us all down and down And hope that we will never see the truth around
A package like to keep us trapped in greed A green belt wrapped around our minds An endless red tape to keep the truth confined
Changing my mind, control, come at the revolution Take its toll if you could I think I'll switch and open your third eye It's either we should never be afraid to die Rise up and take the power back, it's time Fat cats had a heart attack, you know that There are times coming to an end We have to unify and watch our flag ascend

[SPEAKER_00]
They will
They will stop degrading us They will not control us We will be victorious

[SPEAKER_05]
Tonight on VSRF Live, we're joined by John Bodwin Sr. to discuss his sweeping management systems analysis of the U.S. federal court system, CDC manipulation of death records, and how classification systems can be used to minimize or obscure vaccine injuries.

[SPEAKER_03]
Diane Dubois that said she died from acute intracranial hemorrhage in the setting of thrombocytopenia in a person recently vaccinated.
And yet the CDC, when it goes through their software, transax and acne, it's supposed to spit out the code Y59.0, which it probably did.
The CDC has been deleting them and hiding the records from the people.
And I alerted the medical examiner and the attorney general and everybody in Massachusetts, they didn't fix the records.
And I have numerous ones where they're expressly stated, the vaccine killed these people.
But the reality is these people died from the vaccine, they were certified on the records as having died from the vaccine, and it was hidden by removing the Y59.0 code, which means death from viral vaccines.

[SPEAKER_05]
Hello and welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm Livio Sanchez and thank you for joining us.
Tonight we welcome back John Bodwin Sr. to walk us through what happens when systems built to deliver justice and truth begin prioritizing efficiency over constitutional rights and what that ultimately means for transparency, accountability,
and the public's ability to seek answers.
Baldwin has just completed a sweeping management systems analysis of the U.S. federal court system, examining federal dockets during the COVID era.
What he found is stark.
According to his analysis, when the system is overwhelmed, it doesn't increase capacity, it begins to discard caseload.
Lawsuits are dismissed on procedural grounds, not necessarily because they lack merit, but because the system cannot process the volume.
In effect, access to justice becomes quietly and unjustly rationed.
He also examined state-level death records where he has identified fraud in how the CDC records vaccine-related deaths.
or how the CDC records vaccine-related deaths.
Tonight, Steve and John will discuss what this analysis reveals about how excess cases are handled along with broader questions around data systems, classification methods, and what it all means going forward for transparency, accountability, and the public's ability to seek truth through institutional channels.
But before I bring on Steve, I want to remind everyone to sign our petition to appeal the 1986 National Childhood Vaccine Injury Act, if you haven't already.
It's time to restore accountability.
When manufacturers are held accountable, it drives safer products, greater transparency, and better outcomes for everyone.
We need your help to keep that momentum going.
Please take a moment to sign the petition and share it, send it to all your email contacts, share our posts on X and Instagram, and pass it along to your friends, family, and broader networks.
This is a pivotal moment with alignment in Congress, including efforts from Senator Rand Paul and Congressman Gosar,
Opportunities like this don't come around often.
This is our shot.
Our goal is 1 million signatures.
And we want to get there as quickly as possible.
So please share it far and wide.
Every voice truly makes a difference.
And Janet will put the link in the chat.
It is vacsafety.org backslash petition.
vaccinesafety.org backslash petition and you can sign our petition there.
All right, without further ado, I want to introduce and welcome back founder of the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation, Steve Kirsch.
Steve, welcome back.
How are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_02]
I'm good, how are you?

[SPEAKER_05]
I'm doing well.
I've been around some people that got really sick lately and I noticed today there's a new COVID variant that was put out in the news called cicadas.
Have you heard about this?
No, I haven't.
There is another.
Yeah, I'm going to see if I can pop it up on my screen here.
Let me find this because I thought you might find this interesting.
And the timing of it all is, yeah, just when you think all the COVID variants are gone, here comes the next one.
And here it is on my screen, new COVID variant called cicada identified.
What are the symptoms and how prevalent is it?
And here we go, the Centers for Disease Control, which apparently is in disarray, but they're still well enough to identify these variants.
The Centers for Disease Control.
That's a relief.
Yeah, right.
They have detected a new COVID-19 strain raising concerns among experts about a possible summer surge.
So yeah, and it goes on.
It's called BA32, but they dubbed it, and here it is, cicada.
So yeah, interesting timing.
I wonder how they get the names.
Right?
That's a good question.
Like, where does cicadas come from?
There must be a backstory to that.
I have no idea.
COVID is back again.
Again, I'm around some people.
I'm in Texas right now.
There were a lot of really, really sick people.
They didn't attribute it to COVID though.
They thought they just had a bad flu or something and boom, this shows up.
I just mentioned the two.
someone who was sick recently who's like oh my god these these dude that did feel like I had some sort of long covid systems or symptoms so yeah everyone out there stay healthy I thought you were joking
I wish I was.

[SPEAKER_02]
I think John probably thought you were joking, too.

[SPEAKER_05]
I'm sure he did.
I'm sure he did.

[SPEAKER_02]
And John, did you think he was joking?

[SPEAKER_05]
Let's bring him on.

[SPEAKER_02]
Shake your hand.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_05]
Sure.
Shake your head.
Welcome, John Bowdoin, senior.

[SPEAKER_03]
Hey, guys.
Good to be back.
So did you think he was kidding?
I, uh, yeah, I did actually.
I can't believe it, but sick Ada, let's see.
The guy who developed the first computer, which is a mechanical device in England, I forget his name, but his daughter's name was Ada.
and they named the language that was supposed to compete with C for the military.
I don't know if you remember this, Steve.
It was a computer program language called Ada in all the military guys.

[SPEAKER_02]
So she's- I never programmed in it.
I don't even know what the code looks like, do you?

[SPEAKER_03]
Oh, it's ridiculous.
I took it at, you know when I took it at Foothill College and I dropped out because it was crazy.
This guy from GTE Government Systems was teaching and he said, if you're not working for me,
You're not going to make it through this class.
Everybody else here works for me in my department.
Everybody got up and walked out.
But the point is sick, Ada, cicada.
Anyway, bad joke, bad joke.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, okay.

[SPEAKER_05]
Maybe there's something to that.
Well, before you guys continue, I'm gonna read John's bio.
John Baudwin Sr. is an engineer, independent researcher, and author of The Real CDC.
He holds a bachelor of science in systems engineering and spends over 30 years working in the semiconductor research and design industry.
He later earned an MBA in management.
During COVID, he turned his focus toward independent research, applying his background in engineering,
and systems analysis to questions surrounding public health data and institutional processes.
John enrolled in law school where he completed two semesters before being unenrolled due to his COVID vaccination status.
He has since re-enrolled in law school
while he also continues his research independently.
He draws on engineering, economics, law, philosophy, and ethics in his work to analyze complex systems and present his findings to the public.
And again, welcome back, John.
I want to remind everyone that if you do have questions for John and or Steve, we will be having Q&A later in the program.
So put the questions in the chat, all caps, and we'll get to as many as we can.
All right, take it away, Steve.

[SPEAKER_02]
So, John, how many state legislatures have you spoken at so far?

[SPEAKER_03]
Officially, like in front of a panel.
New Hampshire, Massachusetts.
I think I don't know.
I think that's it.
But probably eight times among those.
But I've written two bills for Minnesota and New Hampshire.
And then I did speak to a group in Louisiana, a group of six state house members.

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay.
And how is the progress?
Have you made it?
Can you say that you made a difference in any of these places?
Either you're on one of your bills passed or they actually responded to their, like, you know, you're always going there and saying, you know, you guys have a duty and these guys made them, you know, they're, they're changing the records here and you need to invest it.
Like,
In any of those places, have you made a difference?

[SPEAKER_03]
I like to think I have, but it's not a difference among them.
It's a difference among the people that are viewing me, either through the videotape, the onlookers,
I know that people have said I've changed.

[SPEAKER_02]
Right.
So you're educating the people who are watching and the people who you're trying to speak to are basically it's just going like over their head.
It's like they're hearing it, but they're not doing they're not taking any action.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, I don't I don't want to be mean, you know, a lot of them.
They've said that I've talked over their heads.
I've tried to bring it down.
You know, sometimes I was very angry.

[SPEAKER_02]
It's not that complicated.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
I mean, I've yelled at them and said, hey, what are you talking to her for?
I'm talking up here.
Look me in the eyes when I'm talking to you.
I mean, they don't like that, but I don't care.
You know, it depends.
It depends on how they're treating me.
They treat me with respect.
I will treat them with respect.
Was it three years ago?
That woman wouldn't look at me.
Do you remember when I went on the high wire, like a month before I went on, this video came out, which is why they wanted me on.
And I mentioned that she wasn't looking at me.
I said, how come you won't look me in the eyes with kids dying?
I'm telling you about kids dying.
So the point is, I think I'm making... Well, how did she answer that?
She didn't.
She didn't.

[SPEAKER_02]
She didn't look you in the eyes and answer that.
She wouldn't look at me.
Wow.
Wouldn't look.
Wow.
Okay.
Nice.

[SPEAKER_03]
But, you know, I just keep doing what I'm doing.
Trying to change minds.
We don't win unless public opinion is with us.
Doesn't matter which branch of government.
All three requires public opinion to win.

[SPEAKER_02]
So how's Cooper?

[SPEAKER_03]
He's good.
He's curled up in a ball right behind me.
We're in a temporary house here.
Um, until I can find a place to live.
I think I'm going to move to South Carolina, Florida, Georgia, you know, something like that.

[SPEAKER_02]
Why are you being kicked out of Massachusetts or what's going on?
You're in Massachusetts right now, right?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, I was, I just sold my house.
Um, the prices were really high and I'm like, I got to get out of here.
I, I don't like running away.
Steve, you know, if you know anything about me, I'm a fighter, right?
I, I don't want to run away from a fight, but.
The way things are going in Massachusetts, I don't want to say it's not winnable, because I have friends there.
I don't want to tell them that.
But I think I can make more of a difference in a state that is on the edge of going one way or the other.

[SPEAKER_02]
Right.
So Florida would be your first choice, probably.

[SPEAKER_03]
Florida's good.
South Carolina, Georgia.
And what else?
Tennessee, Texas, those are all on the list.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, so speaking of Georgia, I was contacted recently about two bills, and they wanted me to speak about one or both of them.
And the bills got pulled.
at the last minute, you know, they were supposed to be hearing on them.
And one of them was a was a great bill.
It was to basically require the Georgia Department of Public Health to do investigations into actually produce a report showing the date of vaccination, the most recent vaccinations for infants and young kids who have died.
Right.
So if you die, let's disclose when your last vaccinations are.
We know what would happen if we did that, don't we?
That's in my bill.

[SPEAKER_03]
They'd be clumped.
Huh?
That's in my bill.
Same thing.
It's one of the four items in my bill is what you just said.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
Well, so how's that going?
Are you getting any traction with that?
No, no.

[SPEAKER_03]
It's by far the best bill and it's a lot more than vaccines.
It would discover any medication or anything that hospitals did to people if there was anything bad.
In fact, you know, it would find if somebody ate bad strawberries, went to a wedding and four people went to four different hospitals in the state,
The real-time system would find that almost immediately, and you'd be able to track it down.

[SPEAKER_02]
All right.

[SPEAKER_03]
And so that bill went nowhere.
They went nowhere because I'm nobody and I'm just one guy.
I don't have a whole team behind me.
I'm not in an organization.

[SPEAKER_02]
Such a great idea.
Oh, you should read the bill.
I mean, that would be game changing if something like that passed, wouldn't it?

[SPEAKER_03]
There's a lot in the bill that people don't realize because they don't know the trickery I'm doing, which is it would change the corporate or the organizational culture, the organizational behavior of a state department of public health.
It would change their behavior to supporting the people rather than supporting pharma.
They wouldn't even know what was happening.
They would just be doing their jobs and they would feel good about doing their jobs.
They would go home every day feeling good about themselves.

[SPEAKER_02]
So is there a HIPAA problem with disclosing that kind of information?
No, in fact, I put a fail.
I was looking that up earlier today in Chachi PT.
And it said, well, you're not necessarily in a safe harbor part of HIPAA.
But if you had an expert opinion on the privacy thing, that could give you what you want.
And having a state legislature ask for it helps.
I have provisions.

[SPEAKER_03]
I have provisions in there for that, Steve.
That was the excuse that New Hampshire used to not pass it.
But the real reason New Hampshire didn't pass it is because the vice chair of the health committee in the house, she went to MIT.
Well, that's strike one, right, Steve?
I'm just kidding.
She got an economics master's from MIT.
Then she went to work for Wall Street as a trader.
But then she got a job as an analyst.
That's the progression in that business, right?
You go from a trader to an analyst, you're going to make more money.
Guess what sector she was in for being an analyst, biotechnology and biopharmaceuticals.
So her entire career is around that.
Then she gets herself to be vice chair of the committee on health in New Hampshire.
And then the only question she asked me is, this makes sure that people get a report on the data.
Is there any provision that pharma can get the data in your bill?
I'm like, what?
No, you can do it.
You can do an NDA at any time you want with them and they can get the data anytime on a zero cost contract.
Just do a zero cost contract with them.
There's no reason they should be provided the data in the bill.
Anyway, all that aside, what I found out is every house, every Senate of every state and the federal government, they all have people from pharma in them on the health committees.
And that's why it's so hard for anybody to get anything done.

[SPEAKER_02]
Wow.
They all have people.
Well, you mean that you won't get anything because farmers is basically supporting their campaigns.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yes, they've got a hook in there somewhere, everywhere.
But maybe we could get one done.

[SPEAKER_02]
We're just the right people.

[SPEAKER_03]
We've got to target someplace.

[SPEAKER_02]
How do you know that it's that nefarious?
Because we don't want to be labeled conspiracy theorists, not that there's any possibility that that could happen.
But is there hard evidence that you have that these people are
taking money from pharma for their campaigns.
And that's the reason that they're asking questions like your friend asked, or making sure that bills like you want to have have passed.
Because there's no reason that people would not want to know whether vaccines killed kids, right?

[SPEAKER_03]
Not just vaccines, Steve.
Anything.
Any new procedure.
If there's a new procedure out,
This this would find any health anomaly in data.
So whether whether it's a new kind of aspirin with a new thing in the aspirin, any anything, it would be able to find anomalies and trace back through the data to find out what is different about this person.

[SPEAKER_02]
So what the requirement is that when someone dies, that you have a full report about what, what was, uh, how do you detect that?

[SPEAKER_03]
Every single person would have on their death record, any vaccines they got within the last two years before death.
And if it's any minor, the entire vaccine record would be attached to the death record, the entire vaccine record.
That's just one provision.
Another one was, um,
The quarterly reports from the state to the people of all the people who died within one day, three days, one week, three weeks, 10 weeks, 28, 25 weeks and one year of vaccination.
And from those quarterly reports within a year or two, you'd be able to see any anomalous findings and you'd be able to see the changes in time.

[SPEAKER_02]
And one of the- Is it by vaccines, by vaccine?

[SPEAKER_03]
No, no, it's just the reason for that particular line item, line item two in the bill was just so that the people could see anomalies and demand that they be investigated.
So if like COVID happened,
And all of a sudden you see how many people dying within one or three days of the vaccination, which happened.
Everybody would have known and they would have known where to look in the data.
And that's that's quarterly.
Then I had a biennial, which means every two years.
because the words semi-annual and biannual mean the same thing, which is a strange English thing.
So biannual every two years.
The state was required to provide a report of all the causes of death and any anomalous findings to the people.
How many people are dying of heart, lungs, brain, everything.
And the last provision was the best one.
Because we can't trust the state right, so the last one was you have any anybody can submit a proposal to do an analysis.
And of those proposals.
any of them that are serious and meet the criteria of, you know, how to do the analysis.
Four would be selected by lottery.
And those four organizations or individuals would be allowed to come into the state offices under NDA and do an analysis for four weeks in the state offices every two years.
And that would provide, that's a checks and balance of the people on the power of government.
And it would force the government to change their behavior to provide more accurate data because they know that people are going to do the check on them.

[SPEAKER_02]
Has that ever been passed anywhere in the United States for anything?

[SPEAKER_03]
No, no, if it did, everything would be over for karma and everything else.
There's nothing like it solves all the problems.
The whole vaccine issue, bad drugs, bad devices that come out, bad stents, everything would come out in the wash.
But we weren't even going to talk about my bill.

[SPEAKER_02]
So what reason did they give you for that?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, I told you the one.
Erica Leon in New Hampshire said that one of the excuses was privacy.
But I have a provision in there for privacy, that no records would ever see the light of day to the public.
No names would be given, nothing like that.
There's no possible way.
So it was not truthful.
And Erica asked...

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay, well, let me think of another reason that I'm going to shoot down your belt.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's, so it was an interesting experience.
I thank Jason Gerhard for bringing me in and putting in the bill and Yuri Paulusov.
Um, you saw Yuri here, uh, on, on, uh, VSRF when I think Barbara and Yuri came in and Mike for that.
Um, we, we were all on together for one of your shows, the New Hampshire contingent who came out with the report.
Remember?
I'm trying to remember anyway.
So, but Steve, before we go further, I want to thank you.
And I don't even know if you know this.
You sent somebody from HHS to talk to me over a year ago, around a year, around a year ago, right?
Almost exactly a year ago.
Here's what happened.

[SPEAKER_02]
Can you say who that was?

[SPEAKER_03]
I'm not going to say his name.
I don't think he wants his name out there.
So this was all done kind of secretly.
But I'm going to tell you the story.
I haven't really talked about this publicly.
I've only told a few people.

[SPEAKER_02]
OK.
I don't even know about it.

[SPEAKER_03]
Here we go.

[SPEAKER_02]
I don't even know who it was.

[SPEAKER_03]
I've been calling everybody.
I called everybody in this movement.
And Steve Kirsch said to talk to you.
He said, you're the guy with record level data.
And I said, yeah.
Do you have records of anybody under 18 who died from COVID?
And I said, yeah, I got a bunch.
I have three states.
I can tell you their names, the medical examiner's names.
He was skeptical.
He said, really?
I said, yeah, but they didn't really die from COVID.
When I send them to you, you'll see what they really died from.
And he said, can you send them to me?
I said, yeah.
How many do you have?
Well, he said they have 80 nationwide.
They only have 80 deaths of people under 18 nationwide that died from COVID.
I said, well, there's a lot more than that because I've got more than half that from only three states.
He said, just send me what you got.
Very skeptical.
So I sent them what I had.
I sent them, I think it was 34 or 37 records.
And I gave him the full death, not the full death record, because there's 315 different fields.

[SPEAKER_02]
This is died from COVID, the virus, not the COVID vaccine, is that right?

[SPEAKER_03]
The virus, the virus.
And it's leading somewhere.
I'll try to wrap this up quickly.
So I sent them to him and I have this template.
that I've automated my system.
So I just type in the number and it populates.
And there's this nice thing.
I do a screen capture.
I sent him like 37 slides of all these kids who died purportedly from COVID.
But they died like trisomy and other issues, cerebral palsy, premies, premature births.
A lot of these kids had other issues.
How about blunt force trauma to the head?
They tested the dead body for COVID.
I sent them all that stuff.
So in other words, these COVID deaths weren't really COVID deaths, you know, and some of them were fentanyl overdoses in teenage, you know.

[SPEAKER_02]
So did he, when he asked for this, did he know what he was going to get with the

[SPEAKER_03]
No, he had no idea.

[SPEAKER_02]
He had no idea.
So he got these and he said, what the?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, he didn't say anything.
He told me I'd probably never hear from him again.
So I texted him that night because I couldn't, I'm like, come on, you got it.
I mean, did you receive them?
Did they make it through the HHS.gov filter?
Because it's an HHS.gov email address.
So like, did it make it through?
Just tell me that you got them.
Just let me know you got them.
Nothing.
The next day I was getting antsy, so middle of the day I sent them another email.
Nothing.
But that night at 8 p.m. he calls me from another DC number.
Not in, not in the building at HHS calls me from another month number.
And he said, um, yeah, I just want to let you know, we called everybody.
Nobody, nobody could give us any useful information, but you gave us records that I just want to let you know that you made a difference.
And at the end of May or early June, you're going to hear something, but you can't say, you know, you're never going to know where it was from.
You're never going to know what's happened.
You're never going to know why the basis for your information changed something.
And he said, um, nobody's ever going to know.
And that's it.
So I'm telling you, Steve, you made a difference by referring him to me because you know what happened?
You know what happened?
You know, you know what decision they made at the end of May, early June?
No, they took the COVID vaccine up the childhood schedule.

[SPEAKER_02]
Oh, wow.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
And you know, you just never know because it didn't kill anyone because COVID wasn't killing anyone.
Right.
Your denominator wasn't there.
It was fake.
I don't know what happened in their internal meetings.
I don't know what really happened.
I know what this guy told me and he had the email address and I do have his name and he told me to check him out and I did check him out because I didn't want to talk to him.
Um, but everything's everything went.

[SPEAKER_02]
So his last name starts with a B.
No.
Oh, okay.
No, I guess I've got 25, 25 guesses left.

[SPEAKER_03]
You might not even remember him calling you, but he told me Steve curse told me to call you.
You're the only one with record level data.

[SPEAKER_02]
So I've got record level data in the Czech Republic.
And I can tell you how many kids died from COVID in the Czech Republic.
It's right there.

[SPEAKER_03]
Anyone can download it.

[SPEAKER_02]
It depends on your age range, but I think it was like from 10 to 15-year-olds?
500,000 kids?
Zero.

[SPEAKER_03]
Zero.
Yeah, that's about right.
Better get your vaccines.
We can get into the data a little bit later.
But I can tell you how bad it is.
The most recent studies I've done
Show that the CDC has been manipulating data to a level people have no idea.
I mean, it's wild.
What is showing is 280,000 deaths in this certain category, but the truth is it's only 137.
How are you off by 143,000 deaths?
And it has to do with the parasitic effect of one code versus another when you combine them.
There's a paper I'm writing on it.
But if you want, later in this show, if you really want to see it, I'll show it to you.

[SPEAKER_02]
There should be like a CDC book, the CDC handbook on how to manipulate data for fun and profit.

[SPEAKER_03]
They threw a switch in one day.
Well, I can't tell because it's a month, right?
I have a month's worth of data.
I pretty much know it must have been one day.
In one day, the category went from thousands per month to like two.
It went to almost zero.
So they shut down that code and moved them all over to another.
And the way I learned it was a troll attacked me on Twitter, on X.
A troll attacked me and said I was crazy.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
And I'm like, this guy's crazy.
And I look it up.
I'm like, actually, he's right.
The troll was right.
But when I looked into it, he taught me to look further.
And you can't tell.
I usually do 2015 through 2025.
And I went back to 2010.
Maybe that might not be enough.
I went back to 1999.
You have to go back to 1999 to figure the whole thing out.

[SPEAKER_02]
Isn't that crazy?
27 years.
But they flipped the switch recently then, sir.

[SPEAKER_03]
January of 2022.
January of 2022.

[SPEAKER_02]
And so then they retroactively changed the records.
No, no.

[SPEAKER_03]
They re-registered.
They just moved over.
So the CDC has software that determines what code is going to be applied, Transax and ACME.
And the software program reads the words and applies the codes.
And so with software, they can just say, well, if you write acute kidney injury or problems with the ureters or whatever, use this code.
They're programming what code is going to be applied based on the words used.
They just changed it.
Don't use N28.8, use N17.

[SPEAKER_02]
But are they applying that retroactively to the records that already existed?
They're only applying that prospectively.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right.
Cause if they did it retroactively, then the signal wouldn't show that it all of a sudden turned off in one day, but it did.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
So we're not really talking about the law here, but if you want to get into that, yeah.

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, you know, speaking of a data manipulation and trolls and so forth.
So I was on mortality watch.
other people like watch TV, I watch Mortality Watch.
And so I'm playing on Mortality Watch and I'm looking at the US data and I'm segmenting it by 75 to 85 year olds and 45 to 64 year olds and
24 to 44 year olds.
And I'm noticing that this is interesting that the 24 to 44 year olds, it's flatlined for the longest time.
And then when COVID starts to rear its head, it goes up and it then goes up and down with the COVID waves.
But then it's supposed to return back to the normal baseline.
And it doesn't.
It only returns to the normal baseline in like 2026.
And so I'm saying, so I'm posting on Twitter and I say, hey, you know, look at this data.
This is kind of weird here.
It's flatlined and then it goes up and it doesn't return to normal.
after the COVID, after COVID slash COVID vaccines rolled out.
And the guy said, oh, well, that's because of all of these drugs that the kids are taking.
And during the lockdowns, lots of kids
uh took drugs and this is what killed them and that's the reason for it it wasn't the vaccine that increased their mortality it was these these drugs you know the fentanyl and whatever overdose because kids were so depressed because they were locked down from covid and and whatnot but the lockdowns ended way um you know not long after the covid shots rolled out so if it was
depression due to lockdowns, then we would have seen a return back to normal in 2022.
And that didn't happen.
So I'm curious, have you seen the same sort of data pattern that I just described?
And what do you think the cause of that is?
Do you think that we have essentially increased the minimum number of deaths per week for this
relatively young population that was caused by the vaccine, or do you think that it was caused by other things?
And how do you know?

[SPEAKER_03]
I've seen everything you just described.

[SPEAKER_02]
Good for you.

[SPEAKER_03]
I believe it's a combination of multiple things.
The biggest one being the vaccine.
Now, this is just my opinion.
And the only way to tell Steve is to do case case analysis.
You'd have to go case by case reviewing medical files, which is what the CDC's job is.
And what you'll find is that the CDC is purposely avoiding doing their job.
And that is the crime that's happening.
But X 42 is
psychodysleptics and hallucinogenics, which is the category used for fentanyl.
Fentanyl came in and was basically a replacement for heroin and some other drugs, not in the teens, but in the 20s and up, really.
There's a supply and demand issue there, and there's also an ease of use issue with fentanyl.
And then there's the fact that they're selling them as benzodiazepines, as fake Xanax.
And people have pill presses, and these kids have pill presses, and they're pressing fentanyl crystals into these fake Xanax.
It's the same color and shape of a Xanax.
And so some kids might think they're taking a Xanax and they die from a fentanyl overdose.
They're poisoning, they're literally poisoning people.
And the Chinese and Mexicans are involved and they know this is happening.
They're literally murdering our people and getting us back for the opium wars way back 150 or whatever years ago.

[SPEAKER_02]
So it's not about making money, it's about killing people.

[SPEAKER_03]
In this case, yes.
When you talk about doing that, yeah, absolutely.
They're killing our youth.
So those numbers are up, but they're not as significant as the vaccine numbers, you know.
So when you start looking at what people are dying from, you don't have encephalopathy from a fentanyl overdose.
You don't have
you know, hemorrhagic strokes in kids from a fentanyl overdose.
And you don't have that from despair either.
You know, there's some suicides.
Those are still, those numbers are so low, Steve, it's difficult to find any kind of patterns in data.
You need a robust, you know, denominator to show anything in data and statistics, I should say.
So yeah, everything you just said, it went up.
So I call them signal one and signal two.
Signal one is the sharp peaks that are seasonal during COVID, and signal two is the, if you follow the troughs, you'll find there was a rise.
It never came back in the summertime.
It stayed up, like you said, in 21, in 22.
23, not as much, but still there.
24, still there a little bit.
25 in the summer, almost back to normal.
26, you'll find that it's all normal.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
Same thing.
That's what I found.
And it's interesting is that it was age-dependent in that certain group in the middle.
So if you were in the next older group, then you would see nothing.
And then if you're the next older group, then you would see the pattern again.
But it was probably different.
It was a somewhat different pattern.

[SPEAKER_03]
Don't forget the dry tinder effect.
As you get older, there's a lot more dry tinder.
In the younger, there's still dry tinder because there are people that had birth defects that lasted till they were 10, 20, 30.
Maybe they were going to die at 40, but they died at 30 instead.
You lose 10 years of life.
It's still taking a life and vaccines did that.

[SPEAKER_02]
So you did some research into court cases and what happens when lots of cases are brought into the courts and the courts then deal with those extra cases, not by hiring more people, but by dismissing more cases.
What got you onto doing that research and was it something that was personally impacting you or what was the impetus for that?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, so I sued the governor, the public health commissioner, the chief medical examiner, and four individual medical examiners for fraud on death records.
And it was dismissed on standing.
And failure, sorry, failure to state a claim.
I think it's standing on both of them.
And I kind of throw them all into this standing argument.
There's no difference to me.
They're still not righteous to dismiss on that.
So anyway, it was dismissed.
I absolutely had standing.
There's no question about it.
And then I started looking at other cases and talking to lawyers.
And I had been talking to lawyers for years before that, two or three years during COVID.
And most of them start out with, oh, John, you don't understand standing.
Let me explain.
They can't explain it because it's inexplicable.
You can't explain it.
A judge can throw out any case any time they want.
So I went through that with them and realized cases are getting thrown out left and right.
And when I did the analysis and started digging in, you're going to love the statistics when we show the graph, Steve, that you'll really resonate with it.
It's incredible.
But what I didn't expect to find, I did not expect to find that they did the same thing in 1986 that they did in 2007 and 2009.
In 2007 and 2009, they got rid of cases at the pleading stage.
which is as soon as you submit a complaint, there's a motion to dismiss an opposition memorandum and a reply brief, and then you're done if it's dismissed.
With summary judgment in 1986, they did the same thing, and I'll show you the numbers when we get the graphs up.
You'll see.
And this has been going on for
a hundred years in trying to get cases out and the behaviors that have been created in the organization.
If anybody's got an MBA, remember you took organizational behavior.
If you're a psychology major, you'll understand what I'm going to show.

[SPEAKER_02]
OK, so do you have a video or something you want to show us?

[SPEAKER_03]
I think I asked Livio to do a couple of minutes of a podcast I did maybe in August, which was leading up to this.
And the paper that I'm going to show, or the graphs from the paper I'm going to show, those are the foundational basis of the petition for writ of certiorari, or people say certiorari, to the Supreme Court of the United States.
So my case was dismissed.
I went to the First Circuit.
They rubber stamped it, affirmed.
still dismissed.
Then I went to the Supreme Court of the United States.
I wrote all my own stuff.
And the Supreme Court, of course, didn't hear it.
But nobody's ever seen anything like this.
There's never been an analysis, to the best of my knowledge, done as a systems analysis of the U.S. court system.
And this is stark.
Wait till you see this.
But go ahead and run the video.
So here's the path to standing doctrine.
You have one in white there, Article 3, Section 2, that abstract language that didn't say anything about standing.
And then you go to the 28 U.S.C.
Section 2072 Rules Enabling Act in purple down bottom.
Make your own rules, courts.
And then number three in blue, the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, Rule 8, which is rather abstract, a short and plain statement showing that you're entitled to relief.
That's it.
That's all it says.
Four in green.
Rule 12 v 6, failure to state a claim upon which relief can be granted.
And then you have Luhan versus Defenders of Wildlife with the three-pronged test, injury in fact, traceability, redressability in yellow.
Twombly, which is the Bell Atlantic versus Twombly.
You need to plead sufficient facts in orange and then in red.
Pickball has to be plausible on its face.
So somehow the attenuation of authority, the authority the courts have
is to hear a case that has to do with federal law.
That's one, and it's pure, and it's white.
You go through all these gyrations, make your own rules, court.
Okay, we'll make these two rules.
Okay, from those two rules, we'll make a three-pronged test.
Okay, in the three-pronged test, we're going to add a little bit more abstract prose and sufficiency, and then it's plausible on its face.
What they've done is they've created a way in which any judge at any time can dismiss any case or anything.
That's where we are.

[SPEAKER_02]
Wow.
That's a good lesson.
Did you know that coming into it?
Like, when did you find that lesson?
When did you learn that lesson?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, I mean, I went to law school in 2020.
First class I took was civil procedure and went back and forth with the professor, whom I'm now suing.

[SPEAKER_02]
Oh, man.

[SPEAKER_03]
That case was dismissed on standing.
So I appealed.
I appealed it to the Massachusetts Court of Appeals.
And Steve, guess what?
I'm one of very few people in the nation who won a vaccine related case at the appellate level.
I won.
I won it, which means I get to prosecute the case against the law school.
Well, I'm in discovery now.

[SPEAKER_02]
I can't imagine that they're very happy about that.

[SPEAKER_03]
No.
No, but there's a lot going on.
I mean, I wish I could talk more about it.
There's some funny things going on.
I got him dead to rights.
I mean, but anyway, I learned through that civil procedure class about Ashcroft versus Iqbal and it made no sense when I read it.
And I told, I said that in class and they're like, oh no, it's this.
What do you mean it's that?
You can't just deny somebody their case in court because it's not plausible on his face.
Who decides that?
So yeah, I've known this for a while.

[SPEAKER_02]
Wow.
You're too honest, I think.
You didn't.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, I got myself in a lot of trouble here.
But so, Steve, it's it's an onion and you peel off the layers.
And when you get to the center, it's still an onion.
There's no prize there.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
So when like when do you think you get the
the payback.
Is it just educating the public or do you think you're ever going to make some headway and win a key decision?

[SPEAKER_03]
I'm mostly doing this with the feeling that in 50 or 100 years from now, somebody is going to pick up a book and read and realize what happened during COVID.
And there's a lot of noise out there, Steve.
People don't know who I am because of all the noise, and everybody thinks they have a solution.
They don't understand the root cause analysis.
They don't understand it from a systems analysis perspective.
The courts, HHS, all of it, everything together.
So I don't expect anything in my lifetime.
But if something does happen, it's a bonus.
I'll take it.

[SPEAKER_02]
That's, that's a shame.
You know, it'd be nice to be rewarded while you're still living.
We'll see.
For everything that you've done.
I'm hoping.
What do you think?
So if you were to get an award from... Nobody's given me an award.
Okay.
Well, suppose VSRF decides to give an award to you.
What would you like to have your reward like to John, he did, you know, it's the VSRF mumble award, whatever it is.
What do you think that would, what are you most proud of that you've accomplished that you made a difference?

[SPEAKER_03]
That's people who know me know I harp on that word.
So proud can be taken two different ways.
And I know you meant it in a good way.
I know you meant it.
Yeah, of course, of course.
But hubris, the pandemic is I say the pandemic is more hubris than virus.
So there's a lot of people who think a lot of themselves.
Steve, I don't know.
I mean, I just want people to say he lived a righteous life.
He was a good guy.
That's it.
I try to do the right thing, even when it hurts my income.
I've lost a lot of jobs, Steve, a lot of jobs.
I can imagine.
Do the right thing.
You know, most people don't act in the interest of the corporation they work for.
They work for their own interests.
And if, if a VP tells me to do something and it's adverse to the corporation, but good for his own pocket.
What am I going to do?
I either do it for the VP to make his nut.
He's going to make his money adverse to the corporation.
But if I do the right thing for the corporation, then he's going to fire me.
So I've had this career of just trying to do the right thing all the time.
And it always kicks me in the butt.
So I don't know what to tell you.
He's a righteous dude.
That's all I really want to be known as.

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay, so he's a righteous dude.
So when do you think this will turn around, John?
When do you think that we will finally... You're probably looked at the same way that I'm looked at, which is
hey you're a misinformation spreader, we don't want to associate with you, like you pro- like I'll go out on a limb here and I'll make a guess that you probably lost a lot of friends doing what you're doing.

[SPEAKER_03]
Is that correct?

[SPEAKER_02]
I didn't lose hardly any friends.
That's one way to avoid losing friends is to start with zero friends.
I think that's the only way you can start with a few friends.

[SPEAKER_03]
Because I am the way I am, and I'm just a straight shooter, my friends knew what I was like before.
So I haven't really lost any friends.
The guys from Bible study know I'm going to tell the truth.
They know me.
Right.

[SPEAKER_02]
And so did they pat you on the back and they say, hey, John, good job.
We're really glad you're out there fighting for us and confronting these people with their lies and bad tactics and so forth.
Or do they just remain silent?

[SPEAKER_03]
Individuals did do exactly that.
They said you're doing God's work and keep going.
They know, you know, a few of them.

[SPEAKER_02]
But it must be so frustrating, right, when you call these officials out and it's just like you're banging your head against a wall.
Like when is this gonna turn?

[SPEAKER_03]
So guys from Bible study, one guy had a bilateral pulmonary embolism after the shots.
One guy had tachycardia for three months at 70 years old, you know, so he's lucky.
He was in great shape, hikes a lot, and he got through it.
He's lucky because that could have killed him.
It killed a lot of other people at 70, had tachycardia for three months.
And then another guy.
He was, in fact, Mass School of Law said they only wanted to pose one guy.
We wanted to pose Frank Tremblay, who wrote the, he was a deacon, and he wrote my religious exemption saying that I am faithful and that I have a religion.
He had tested to the fact that I'm a Christian, and I didn't say I'm a Catholic.
I said I'm a Christian.
So they wanted to oppose Frank, and I said, you can't oppose him.
And they said, why?
And I said, because he died of a glioblastoma five months after he got his booster.
Yeah, they killed Frank.
And, you know, he was all for the vaccine.
And he wrote the letter, even though he was pro-vaccine and the Catholic Church is pro-vaccine.
But he wrote it from the point of view of a friend from Bible study who was just attesting to the fact that I have a faith and I'm true to it.
So they know, the guys know, and they know people have died.
Everybody knows everybody who's died.
I did a presentation in early 22.
The title of it was, Till Everybody Knows Somebody, because they knew I said that.
Somebody asked me, when will this end?
I said, this won't end till everybody knows somebody dead or dying.
And I was even then, even then I was wrong.
Exactly.
I was wrong.
Everybody knows somebody it's still going on.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
It's still going on.
Right.
Yeah.
We have to destroy the trust in the, in the medical community.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_02]
Essentially.
Yeah.
Which is a, which is a steep price to pay, unfortunately.

[SPEAKER_03]
Do you want to see some graphs into this court stuff or what?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, sure.
Sure.
And then we have, then we'll open up for questions.

[SPEAKER_03]
All right.

[SPEAKER_02]
Do you want to go fast?

[SPEAKER_03]
Livio, let's get into the graphs.
I want Steve to see how stark this is, if we can do that.
Or is he on break?
You taking a break, Livio?

[SPEAKER_05]
I'm never taking a break.

[SPEAKER_02]
You can just go.
He's that voice that, you know, it's like Charlie's Angels, right?
You never see Charlie.
You always see the you just hear the voice.

[SPEAKER_03]
So, OK, this is the second page.
Can you go up a page, Livia?
Right there, right?
Go back right there.
So, Steve, from 1995,
through 2024.
These are the numbers of civil cases brought in U.S. district courts.
And you see that 2020 number sitting there, 470,000?
you see how different it is from the rest.

[SPEAKER_02]
So then...
I can, yeah.
I probably wouldn't be able to work at the CDC with those sort of skills, but yes, I could see the difference.

[SPEAKER_03]
All right.

[SPEAKER_02]
Unlike people in CDC who would say, oh, all those bars, they look alike.

[SPEAKER_03]
Perfectly safe.
On the bottom one is excess, right?
So the formula I use, they just use a linear least square as approximation of 25 years leading up.
So 25 year run leading up, standard deviation and everything.

[SPEAKER_02]
So something happened in 2021.
Yeah, so 2020, the year of COVID.

[SPEAKER_03]
So 180,000 excess cases.
2020, sorry.
And then 21 and 23 are also big, and they would look really big, but for 2020 being astronomical.
Okay, next page, Livio.
Alright, so let's look at it from a percentage point of view in terms of excess.
You have this 25-year run.
1997 is the second bar.
That's 5.7%.
So 5.7% is the largest increase
in caseload they ever saw in a quarter century.
And then all of a sudden in 2020, 62% more than 10 times the excess caseload.

[SPEAKER_02]
Why are people filing all these cases?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, you know, it's, you know, they said, oh, you don't have to pay your rent.
And everybody that owned a building said, hold on.
You can't tell them they don't have to pay their rent.
And they, you know, you have to walk down the aisle this way and you have to wear a mask and everything they did for COVID in every way everybody sued for.
So all these cases, right?
Now in statistics, see that Z score down there?
13.57, 13 standard deviations above me.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
13.57.

[SPEAKER_03]
It's unbelievable.
And so what you're looking at is
Did they hire 62% more people that year?
No.
Did they work 62% more hours, 14 hour days every work day for a year?
No.
What did they do?
They dismissed the cases.
They got rid of the case.
They just... On standing.
Exactly.
The judges were given leeway through Ashcroft versus Iqbal and Bell Atlantic versus Twombly to just get rid of cases and say, oh, dismissed.
You don't have standing.
And all the lawyers are like, oh, jeez, you know, I thought I had standing.
This is unfair.
You're all scratching their heads.
And I have another set of graphs to show you.

[SPEAKER_02]
But don't they get reversed if they get dismissed on standing?
Reversed by whom?

[SPEAKER_03]
You think the circuit courts weren't in on it too?
The circuit courts are in on it too.
You know, it's such an abstract concept and it leaves it up to the subjective whim of a judge on any given day.
I got a golf outing that day.
Sorry, you're dismissed.
You know, it's bad.
It's bad.
Now, what cases are used to dismiss on standing and failure state of claim?
It's it's Ashcroft versus the Iqbal and Belang versus Twombly.
Livio, can you scoot down until you see yellow?
Okay, that's one of them.
We'll start with this one.
This is by Google Scholar.
Go down to the next one.
Let's go to Westlaw.
So Westlaw is a service that lawyers use.
These are the numbers of case citations of the most popular cases in the history of the United States.
You've got Marbury versus Madison sitting there.
You know what?
I got it on my
computer here.
Let me just scooch down.
So Marbury versus Madison is 1803.
It's been cited 6200 times.
What would people here know?
Everybody knows Miranda, right?
You have the right to remain silent.
You have the right to an attorney.
Miranda versus Arizona, cited 78,000 times.
And then there's these other ones.
So Bell Atlantic versus Twombly and Ashcroft versus Zickball have only been around since 2007 and 2009, and they already blow away everybody else.
391,000 and 372,000 citations.
It's over 400,000 by now because this is six months old.
So in only how many years is that?
I mean, in 19 years, in only 19 years.
They become the most cited cases in the history of the nation.
And the only thing they're used for is to dismiss on standing and failure to state a claim.

[SPEAKER_02]
Oh, wow.

[SPEAKER_03]
And the prior case that's used for standing, the prior case with the three-pronged test that I mentioned earlier, Luhan versus Defenders of Wildlife is 39,000.
It's one-tenth of Bell Atlantic.
And Ashcroft versus Iqbal.

[SPEAKER_02]
Wow.

[SPEAKER_03]
10th.
So the prior seminal case for standing was blown away by 10x in the amount of time it took for the 62% increase.
And so I've proven it two ways, Steve.
I proved it by the number of cases brought.
There's no way they could handle it.
And then I proved it by this.
But you know what else I found, Steve?
This is really important.
By doing this, if you look up to Anderson versus Liberty Lobby and Solitex versus Catrat, those are the two above it that was the prior most cited cases in the history of the United States.
And that's only 1986.
Do you know what they're used for?
They're used for summary judgment.
And so it used to be that when you brought a lawsuit and you had standing and you made it through discovery, you would have a trial.
And you would find that you would leave it to a jury of your peers, like what is it?
The Seventh Amendment.
You have right to a trial by jury for matters at law.
That's not happening anymore.
They did this in 1986.
They stole our right to have a trial.
They stole our right to dispute resolution in the courts in 1986 through the use of summary judgment to get you out of there.
And now what is the only way to make this system more efficient?
The only way to make it more efficient is to back up from after discovery all the way to the pleading stage.
As soon as you file a complaint, you get a motion to dismiss.
And that's what
Ashcroft versus Zickball and Bell and versus Twombly did.
They backed it up in time.
They made a more efficient system.
But the efficiency, the Pareto efficiency is tuned to get you out of court and make sure you don't have your dispute heard.
It's not justice.
It's not tuned for justice.
It's tuned for this.
And Steve, this means
You can't get justice in the courts.
So you might as well, you know, you get it in the streets.
That's it.
And one last thing before we go to questions.
Livio, can you go down until you see, you'll see like habit loop formation right there, right there.
So Steve.
In doing an organizational behavior analysis, there's different theories and models for habit formation.
The habit loop model was 2012, conservation of resources, social exchange theory.
I don't have to read all of them.
Go down to the next page, please, Livio.
So when you look at ecological systems theory, overwhelming work environments, like 180,000 excess cases, create conditions where bad habits
become the norm as employees adapt to survive.
So if they worked for an entire year dismissing cases, they've created a habit of dismissing cases.
And that habit, so Ecological Systems Theory explains the reaction that likely occurred throughout the entire U.S. District Court system in 2020.
Having no other means to process the overwhelming workload event, meritorious cases were dismissed as the court system staff adapted to survive.
180,000 excess cases were filed in 2020.
There is no plausible explanation for how the excess was handled except dismissals en masse.
The habit of dismissal, which according to attorneys pulled pulled over the past five years, that's me asking attorneys was it was already an issue.
So dismissals were already an issue before this.
But since Twigball, the case citation rates of Twigball are significant evidence and so forth.
I basically, Steve, I've proven it.
Two ways, empirically, that the court system is completely broken.
Nobody's having their cases heard.
And it doesn't matter if it's vaccine or elections or border or transient.
All of it.
Everything is broken.
The entire system.
Now I'm done.
Thanks.

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay.
Questions?

[SPEAKER_05]
Alright, I'm back.
Yeah, I'm just stunned, John, that this is the method to just dismiss cases.
It really... Makes sense, though.

[SPEAKER_02]
Makes sense.

[SPEAKER_05]
It does.

[SPEAKER_02]
I have no alternative.

[SPEAKER_05]
It's the only way.
Just throw them out.

[SPEAKER_03]
That two-minute clip from the beginning, that's from a much longer podcast.
I go into the history of petition for redress and grievances, going back to Magna Carta.
I also go into equity versus law and the fact that civil procedure is really matters of equity, masquerading as matters at law, using case law.
So it goes into a lot of legal-based foundational theory.
with regard to our system and it shows how everything happened over time.
You would have to find a lawyer over 65 years old to even remember what the practice of law was in civil cases prior to, say, Solitex versus Catraten, Anderson versus Liberty Lobby.
The time that they put into cases,
went from substantive arguments about the merits of the case and the facts.
It went from that to talking about standing.
It went 80-20 and 20-80.
Everything's broken.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, it's all flipped upside down.

[SPEAKER_05]
All right, let's get to our first question from Dr. Laura.
John, do you think that most of the corruption is ignorance or do you think that it is malicious?
Is it different at the state level versus the federal level?

[SPEAKER_03]
Good question.
It is very good.
I've wrestled with that quite a bit.
I think there is an overarching enemy above that has orchestrated much of this where they understand the behavior that flows from the actions that are taken.
In other words, if you put a case out there, what will happen?
Well, the lawyers are going to work to maximize their time and efficiency.
and they understand the behavior that will come from a decision like that.
As far as the states, the states all copy, and this is ironic, actually.
The states copy what the Fed does in terms of these cases.
Yanakino or Yanachino, however you want to pronounce it, in Massachusetts is the equivalent of Ashcroft versus Zickball.
Now, Yanakino in Massachusetts,
The reason you have standing arguments at the Fed is because you really should have all of your cases heard and litigated at the state level, except when you have diverse parties.
In other words, in an adversarial system, you're in diversity, they call it.
Right, Steve?
Exactly.
Either it's a federal question, meaning a federal law or constitutional issue, then you go to federal court.
If you have a contract dispute, you shouldn't be in federal court, not unless the contract is with somebody from Texas, and he thinks he's not going to get a fair shake in Massachusetts.
So it's where it happened.
So the problem is the states should not be copying Ashcroft versus Zickball, because where else are you going to go?
If you can't go to the Fed, you go to the state, you got to go somewhere for your dispute.
Otherwise, we're going to devolve as a civil society.
I wrote that in my, in the paper and everything else.
It's a societal, the evolution of society through the courts not doing their job and disputes being settled in the street.

[SPEAKER_05]
Question from Emerson BT.
How does a private citizen bring two bills before state legislatures?
Please explain your process.
Maybe some of us can replicate this and thank you for all you do.

[SPEAKER_03]
Um, well, as a guy, I know that was a state rep in New Hampshire and he, he said, uh, do you want to do something?
I said, yeah, sure.
Give me a couple hours.
So I wrote the bill in a couple hours and I gave it to him and it turned out to be, and I'm, I'm very biased here, obviously, but I've looked at a lot of bills.
Most bills are band-aids for one, one off issues.
My bill is, I think it's the best bill because it's a root cause issue solver.
And then same thing, a state rep in Minnesota asked me, he said, hey, that bill is pretty good.
Can I do that in Minnesota?
I said, yeah, sure.
So it's verbatim, the same thing.

[SPEAKER_02]
So in both cases, what happened?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, they got shut down.
I mean, Minnesota is pretty liberal.
New Hampshire, I told you what happened there.
But Shane Macklin was the guy who submitted it.
You know, Shane, in Minnesota.
He's a great guy.
Yeah, I didn't expect it to go anywhere.
But, you know, a lot of these bills take four or five times through.
You know, they don't go through the first time.
And I just hope somebody from some big organization recognizes what the bill actually does.
I put, when I do something, I'm looking at it, you know I'm an engineer, right?
But I'm also a good kind of management systems analyst.
And I've taken a lot of psychology and economics and everything else with the MBA.
I'm more well-rounded than most people.
It's a good bill, Steve, really is.

[SPEAKER_05]
Question from LeeLee317.
The CDC is considering adding an ICD-10 code for COVID vaccine injuries.
Do you think this will help the injured get treatment?
Why or why not?

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, we sure hope so.
That's probably the best answer.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, this is a tough one.
I mean, React 19 did a good job there.
OK, the code is going to help the injured.
The problem is finding a doctor who will use the code and not worry about his career.
So the fact that the code now exists and it's specific to COVID, that's good.
I'm glad they did it.
But the reality of coding practice among especially
for the non-living medical, you know, the dead people.
Coding practice means it's up to the behavior of the doctors.
There's already plenty of codes, T50Z and T50B95.
There's T88.1.
There's a whole bunch of them.
There's probably 50 to 100 different codes that can be used for these.
They're a little bit more generic.
So now they have one specific to COVID.
And I don't want to say it's a bad thing.
It's great.
If they can get somebody to use it, it's great.
That's the problem.
It's human behavior.
The whole ICD-10 coding system I will show in the next few months is...
I don't even know how to say it.
It's all wrong.
Steve, they told you that cardiac disease is the leading cause of death, right?
You've heard that for decades, right?
That may not be true, and here's why.
Cardiac arrest is I4-6.
All it means is the heart stopped.
When you die from pneumonia, the last thing that happens is your heart stops and you stop breathing, cardiopulmonary arrest gets put on your death record.
It has nothing to do with your heart, and yet when you do an analysis of data, the most common one is I4-6, cardiac arrest.
And so they're attributing all these other deaths
Whether it's a fentanyl overdose or pneumonia, everything has cardiac arrest on it, which is included in the cardiac category.
So now you have a system in which you don't know that cardiac is the leading cause of death because you're including cardiac arrest, which by the way is 70% in Massachusetts, 70% of all the cardiac codes.
are I46, 70%.
So the whole system is on its head and nobody knows that.
I just told you now.
I've told some other people, but it's all messed up.
What's the way to fix it?
Have fewer codes.
And we need to move from analyzing data from inferential statistical methods to having teams of
Forensic case investigators.
The CDC has like 13,000 direct employees and 13,000 contractors.
They get 26,000 people.
What are they doing?
All they do is avoid doing any actual work.
They should be looking at, you know, I could give them anybody from let's say 15 to 44.
Take that age range, 15 to 44.
Evaluate all the strokes in 15 to 44s or pulmonary embolism.
Look at when they get the vaccine, you know, you could figure that out in a week.
You get a team of 10 doctors and they could they could answer the vaccine story in a week.
It's over.
It's done.
The problem we have is we have a million ragtag guys like you and me and all these one off guys.
doing statistical analyses that will never solve the problem.
You can never answer the question.
You will debate statistics forever.

[SPEAKER_02]
We never get the data.
We never get sufficient data to figure out what's going on.

[SPEAKER_03]
Even if you got the data, they'd still say something's wrong with it from an inferential statistical methods viewpoint.
You've got polymodal distribution functions, issues versus a normal distribution.
They use normal, but all our scientists are using normal distribution for everything.
I've mentioned this to you before.
And then people say, well, you can use a Poisson distribution.
You're making it worse.
You're still not going to tell anything from that.
But if you look at five records of five guys who got the vaccine and you know their platelet count went crazy or they had an autoimmune issue, their monocytes are non-classical.
Their macrophages are now eating healthy, not senescent thrombocytes.
You've got all these things that you can tell if you do a forensic investigation of the individual medical file.
You've got their blood labs every day, their vital signs every hour, every drop of liquid or food that went into them, either intramuscular, intravenous, oral, everything.
And from those investigations, you can answer the questions about vaccines in a week.
But we should all be demanding that and stop talking about statistics.

[SPEAKER_05]
Good point.
I'll ask one last question from RJ Zablocki, and this is for all of us for John.

[SPEAKER_03]
I'm sitting in his house right now.
Are you really?

[SPEAKER_05]
All right.
You can come on camera and ask it himself.
For John and Steven Livio, based on your five years experience and John's talk today, what the heck do your followers, normal people do to fight back?
What do we do?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well,
There's a reason why I go to the gym at 61 years old that we can't really talk about what we can do.
I'm just ready.
I don't see how this ends peacefully.
I'll say that.
I really don't.
And I know nobody wants to talk about that.
They just killed a million Americans.
They killed a million of us.
And we're so passive and sitting on our phones.
You know, a lot of the men are in their whatever younger ages.
I don't want to rip on different age groups and stuff.
They want us divided by age.
But the answer is I don't see a way out peacefully.
Well, that's encouraging.
It is if you work out a lot.

[SPEAKER_05]
So you're saying stay healthy, John, stay fit, stay of sound mind, physically fit.
Be ready.

[SPEAKER_02]
What I'm going to say that the problem is convincing people that you're right, because the
quote doctors will say oh colon vaccines have saved millions of lives look at the johnny and evie study and all this and these anti-vaxxers like john bodwin are just full of shit and there were
There are hardly any deaths from the COVID vaccine.
The CDC has not admitted to any deaths from the COVID vaccine.
And there are millions of lives saved.
And so we have nothing to get upset about.
That's the problem.
That's what we're up against here is the gaslighting of the people who are looking at this data saying, man, this looks very troubling to us.
And some of the best data we have in the US is unfortunately the VAERS data.
people will immediately attack you to say that, oh, there is, it's not reliable and self-reported and the under reporting factor is just a guess and blah, blah, blah.
And, you know, they'll, they'll create a lot of fear and certainty and doubt.

[SPEAKER_03]
Steve, the ACIP memorandum that I just put out a few weeks ago, and I'm sure you haven't read it, it's 200, the exhibits are 221 pages, the body of it, the main document is 41 pages, and it calls to the exhibits.
Okay.
So this Dr. Sarah Meyer testified for the CDC at the ACIP committee on June 25th, 2025.
And she said, all we know are six TTS deaths from Janssen.
TTS is thrombosis with thrombocytopenia syndrome.
So she says that.
I went back and I looked in VAERS for the word thrombocytopenia and only in January, February of March and March of 21.
So up to the point, she said up until April of 21, that was her testimony.
There were more than double, let's say, I think there were 18 deaths using the word thrombocytopenia.
a hundred hospitalizations.
I don't have it in front of me.
There was over like almost 2000 references to thrombocytopenia at that time.
That's what VAERS said.
And she specifically said, she looked in, they looked in VAERS, CDC, we monitored VAERS and we only found six TTS.
She lied the whole time, Steve.
The other thing was Y59.0, which means viral vaccines, there were 195
in 2021 alone.
Do you know how many there were in the 10 years leading up to that?
15.
15 in 10 years and then 195 in 21 alone.
They're lying.
She went to that ACIP committee and she lied and lied.
And because all the doctors and all the scientists on ACIP are looking at research papers and they're not looking at the data that's available right in front of their eyes at the CDC, they didn't call her on it.
They didn't say, you're lying to us.
She overtly lied.

[SPEAKER_02]
Would you like to be on the seat at the ACIP committee, John?
I hear they're reconstituting it.

[SPEAKER_05]
There's openings.

[SPEAKER_03]
I'm bringing facts and truth.
The ACIP memorandum, Steve, there's nothing like it.
If you ever looked at it, you'd be like, holy crap.
I mean, I got 14 people who died on the same day of vaccination, 36 the day after, 51 two days after.
That's 101 in two days just in Connecticut alone.
Just in Connecticut, I got people who were, it says they died from the vaccine on their death record.
The CDC did not code it with Y59.0 because somebody must have deleted it.
That's a purposeful action for fraud to hide vaccine deaths from the American people.
How do you look at statistics?
And really do anything with them or trust them at all when I've just proven to you the fraud that they're deleting vaccine as a cause of death from the records.
What else do we have to do for everybody listening?
I mean, how many how many podcasts are we going to do?
How many Twitter X posts and Facebook posts are we going to make and say, oh, look, here's another statistic.
Here's another graph.
I hate graphs.
I hate graphs.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, maybe we can have Elon Musk take over the CDC and do what what happened when he took over Twitter, which was expose the records.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, the records say it all.
I mean, you wouldn't believe this stuff.
The six I went in and found six babies.
Well, there's one or two four year olds.
A couple of four month olds and a nine week old.
And it says all the vaccines they got.
They died like one day after the vaccine from encephalopathy.
And they call it co sleeping with the mother.
There you go.
They blame the mother.
It's right there.
It says I have the reports, six of them.
It took me how long did it take me?
Two minutes.
Two minutes, it took me about 20 minutes to do screen captures and make slides, but it took me two minutes to find them.
They're all available.
Every time I see something on TV or podcast or something.
I just throw my hands up in the air.
Why don't people listen to me?
Just I got out.
I got all the facts.

[SPEAKER_02]
They're because yeah.
Yeah.
The problem is that you're speaking stuff that they're they're being told by people that they trust doesn't exist.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
And Steve, people on our side, people on our side are like, Oh, did you see the new paper?

[SPEAKER_04]
Like,

[SPEAKER_03]
I'll do a paper, too.
I was told I have to do a paper, so I'm going to do a paper.
I can't stand academia.

[SPEAKER_02]
That's the only way that you can start to move people on the other side because they'll always attack you saying, well, it's not published in a peer-reviewed journal.

[SPEAKER_03]
People on our side.
Steve, I have more of a problem with people on our side who ignore facts right in front of their faces because it's not peer-reviewed.
That's a cult.

[SPEAKER_02]
You're in a cult that that's bad.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, I just I want to share something.
We have someone in the on the audience, Dr. Dan, safe and effective, who I believe is debunk the funk.
And if you want to validate yourself, go ahead and just say, yes, I am.
And he shared a link in the chat stating that, you know, children did die.
for the vaccines and I'm going to share, I'm going to actually share the screen of what he shared because this is about as close as we'll get Dan on.
But there's a couple of stories in here and one of them that caught, they all actually caught my attention, but the post-mortem, she tested positive post-mortem in this first one that died.
And I'm working on a film right now about the hospital protocols.
And we know, then there's a whole section in the film about PCR tests and how they were grossly misused.
And all the stories we have in this film are the same, where they go into the hospital, they get the protocols, which involve the ventilators and remdesivir and sedatives, and then they tested them over and over, even post-mortem,
to make sure that they got the COVID test positive, they would cycle the test up to make sure you got a positive test and then they would be listed as COVID deaths.
And I'm going down like, oh, here it is.
They're all like either post-portem or they went into the ER and they were fine, but then they weren't because they went to the ER and then they went through the protocols.
and this just confirms Dan thank you for this actually because it confirms everything that we're doing in our bad medicine film about one of the reasons why people didn't you know we're dying young people even were dying before the vaccines rolled out because of nefarious things that were going on in the hospitals.

[SPEAKER_03]
And that's behavior modification through the new COVID treatment add-on payment plan, NCTAP.
So if anybody's listening, just type in NCTAP CMS.
What'll come up is a page that you go to, and you'll see that there's a 20% adder for remdesivir, baricitinib, which is called allumiant.
Remdesivir you will see as veclery.
Ventilators is not on there, but ventilators was also incentivized.
And that means if you get a million dollar ICU stay, the hospital gets an extra two hundred thousand dollars just for running or I'm just severe through your veins on a positive test.
That's it.
And I have the medical files with hourly vital signs.
and daily blood labs, but within hours they had somebody on remdesivir and they had normal temperature, normal breathing, 15 breaths per minute, no struggle, no temperature, but they had a positive test.
So they put them on the drug and then they spent the next week with the midazolam, lorazepam, dexmedetomone, propofol, and fentanyl to get them on the vent.
They get them on the vent and of course you shoving something down their trachea and they get an infection.
and maybe they nick it and it gets into the bloodstream.
Now they've got sepsis, then they hit them with vancomycin, and then the kidneys fail.
And this cycle happens over and over and over again.
You got to look at who prescribed ventilators in March of 2020 and maybe April, March, April.
There was a team of three people.
And I almost don't want to say the name because I haven't been able to verify this.
I remember reading it and thinking, oh, I got to write this down.
I couldn't write it down.
I know the guy.
And of course, it's tied to Mass General Brigham.
He was on a three-person panel, talked to the CDC.
They recommended ventilators in late March.
Ventilators went on the protocol and never came off.
Never came off.
And they murdered hundreds of thousands of Americans with these ventilators.
Sorry to go on about it.

[SPEAKER_05]
No, you're describing exactly what happened.
And it's important to revisit that even before the vaccines, what was happening.
And that's not even to mention, John, the incompetence that was going on inside the hospitals.
A lot of these people weren't trained on the ventilators and they just, the settings were wrong or they were just, they didn't know what they were doing.

[SPEAKER_03]
They over expanded lungs.
Yeah.
They tore some, they over, too much pressure.

[SPEAKER_05]
Exactly.
Oh, well that's a high note to end on, John.
Thank you for sharing all of your information and time.
Where can we find you, John?
How do we follow you if we want to keep track of your work?

[SPEAKER_03]
So my books that I hardly ever talk about are on therealcdc.com, t-h-e-r-e-a-l-c-d-c.com.
My Substack articles, and now I'm starting to put videos there too, is therealcdc.substack.com.
So t-h-e-r-e-a-l-c-d-c.substack.com.
There's a website I'm trying to read.
Oh, I do a podcast now.
The Last Boomer.
Yeah, I'm The Last Boomer, born in the second half of 1964, the last year for boomers.

[SPEAKER_02]
Someone had to be last, John.

[SPEAKER_03]
So I'm The Last Boomer podcast.
If you go to Rumble,
You can do TLBCAST, TLBCAST, or The Last Boomer Podcast.
And then of course on X, I am at JohnBodwinSR Sr., JohnBodwinSr.
And Facebook, JohnPaulBodwin.
I think that's everything.
I missed something.
I don't know what I missed.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, with all those, we'll be able to cross-reference and find you somewhere.
John, thank you again.
Good luck with finding your next home.
Keep us updated as to where you end up settling.
Yeah, Massachusetts is a sad basket case.
What's going on?

[SPEAKER_03]
It's bad.
A federal judge today in a hearing basically said to, there are three plaintiffs left in a case that had, it started out with 267 plaintiffs.
Wow.
Michelle Arfanos, Tyler Adams, and Jamie Steberman are left.
And he said,
We're not gonna make this case about vaccines.
None of that evidence is gonna be, I wasn't on it, but this is what I was told.
Um, he said, uh, they're safe and effective.
You can't even introduce any.

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay.
Well, there you go.

[SPEAKER_03]
Okay.

[SPEAKER_02]
I guess I don't have to do any more research anymore.

[SPEAKER_03]
We're not going to turn this into, we're not going to turn this into a maha thing.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
Those are the, that's the paraphrase thing that you just listen to the case and hear the evidence, dude.

[SPEAKER_03]
Just do your frigging job.
Right.
Stop being so biased.

[SPEAKER_02]
Oh, that's just biased.

[SPEAKER_03]
It's the least he said it on camera.
I don't think we can get the thing.

[SPEAKER_02]
Oh, man.
You said you can't get the video.

[SPEAKER_03]
I don't think so, because you know how you can't bring a camera federal court, state court and state court.
You can watch.
You can watch me doing my state court thing and get video.

[SPEAKER_02]
So was this in state or federal court?

[SPEAKER_03]
It was federal court.
It was a Zoom hearing.
And so I don't know who gets the footage from the Zoom.
I don't think we're allowed to record it.
But you can get a transcript, but you can't see how angry he was and how... Yeah, that's too bad.
Steve, you know Sujata Gibson, right?
Yeah.
She's the lawyer.
She's the one he yelled at.
And there's no way to get that video.

[SPEAKER_05]
It's not a public...
I don't know.

[SPEAKER_03]
I hope we can get the video.
If you can get the video, you'll see how biased this is.
And you know what?
This is probably the most important case in the country that nobody knows about.
It's extremely important.
I don't want to you guys don't have the time for me to get into it.

[SPEAKER_05]
But we've had Michelle, we've had them on and we've but it's incredible the tenacity that they have to continue on.
And then to run into a judge like this is awful.
Yeah, it's horrible.

[SPEAKER_03]
It's part of how I analyze the court system was through watching that case.
I'm kind of intimately involved and knowledgeable in that case.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yes.
We'll have to follow up on just keep track of what's going on there.
It's just, yeah, it's another tragic story.
Well, I'm going to let both of you go because I know Steve, you have to run as well.
John, thank you again for coming on and we'll have you back on again later in the year, hopefully from your new location.

[SPEAKER_03]
Great time, thank you very much.
Really appreciate it, guys.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, just make sure it's a secret, undisclosed location.
That's right.
Just like the professionals.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_05]
All right, take care, Steve.
Thank you, Steve, for coming, for being back.
Everyone's been hanging.
I got a few announcements to make and a video to end with.
But I also want to close with VSRF being this small grassroots nonprofit.
And of course, everything we do is made possible by your support.
And if you're able, please consider supporting us.
text VSRF to 535555.
Let me put it up on the screen.
That's VSRF to 535555 or visit vacsafety.org backslash donate.
And if you haven't already, please take a moment to sign our petition to appeal the 1986 National Childhood Vaccine Injury Act and share it with your friends, family and coworkers and across your social media networks.
We're seeing real momentum right now.
And this is a unique window where your voice can truly make an impact.
So Janet will put the link in the chat to if you have not signed the petition, please do so.
It is backsafety.org backslash petition.
And our goal again is 1 million signatures.
We got a ways to go, but we're making progress.
And with your help, we can get there.
And thank you for being part of this and for helping us continue this mission.
Janet, again, we'll put the link in the chat.
Next week, please join us live for our, it's gonna be our final Thursday episode as we are moving to Tuesdays.
I'll announce that in a second, but next week where our special guest is Catherine Austin-Fitz.
She will be back and she'll be breaking down central bank digital currencies, the emerging digital control grid and what this could mean for financial systems, individual autonomy and the future of personal freedom.
don't miss it and as I said before we will be moving to Tuesday nights after next week's episode that is going to start on Tuesday April 7th at 7 p.m. same time 7 p.m. Eastern same time and then our last show will be on Thursday for Thursday nights next week.
And then tonight we're going to close with a clip from Aaron Siri at the Kennedy Center, where he outlines his concerns about clinical trials, ethics and calls for reforms to current vaccine approval standards.
Again, I want to thank you all for joining us this evening and your participation in the chat.
And I look forward to seeing you all again next week.
Have a good night.

[SPEAKER_04]
Speaking of ethics,
Here's what the British Medical Journal says about these trials when they're not properly done.
It says, quote, in some trials, placebos were admitted on ethical grounds.
That is illogical, because studies destined to produce unreliable results should themselves be considered unethical.
And that is true of every single clinical trial relied upon to license a routine-injected childhood vaccine.
They're all, by this definition, unethical.
So here are the reforms I recommend for the FDA.
One, absent public contrition to remove anyone in FDA's Office of Vaccine Research and Review, the OVRR, involved in licensing any routine injector child to the vaccine.
After you have unleashed these products on millions of children and you're in this department and you've been part of that, unless you can publicly admit that you made a mistake, you're going to be too conflicted to properly do your job going forward respectfully.
Two, notify practitioners.
The FDA should be sending notice to every single practitioner, pediatrician, family doctor, OB-GYN, of the details of each trial relied upon to license each routine injected child to the vaccine.
They should know.
They should understand, they could just pull up the package insert, but I've deposed endless pediatricians, they don't know, even after administering, they don't administer it directly, but they have their nurses do it, thousands of these things, and issue minimum standards for licensure vaccines.
And I mean real licensure standards, like what the controls should be, how long safety should be reviewed, proper blinding, so on and so forth.
That doesn't exist for vaccines, certainly not for childhood vaccines.
There was some guidance put out actually for the EUA of COVID vaccines, but that's about it.
And then there's a whole bunch of other recommendations in the task force letter below.
So these be my recommendations for the FDA.
