[SPEAKER_02]
Buy it, use it, break it, fix it, trash it, change it, mail upgrade it, charge it, point it, zoom it, press it, snap it, work it, quick, erase it, write it, cut it, paste it, save it, load it, check it, quick, rewrite it, plug it, play it, burn it, rip it, drag it, drop it, zip and zip it, lock it, fill it, cull it, find it, view it, code it, jump and lock it, surf it, scroll it, pose it, pick it, cross it, crack it, switch
Turn it, leave it, stop, I'm at it.
Technologic.
Technologic.
Technologic.
Technologic.
Buy it, use it, break it.
trash it
Click it, press it, crack it, switch it, update it Name it, read it, do it, print it, scan it, send it, fax me, name it Touch it, bring it, pay it, watch it, turn it, leave it, stop while mad at it Buy it, use it, break it, fix it, cash it, change it, mail upgrade it, charge it, party
Technologic Technologic Technologic Technologic Technologic

[SPEAKER_00]
Tonight on VSRF Live, we welcome back Catherine Austin-Fitz.
With decades of experience inside both government and financial institutions, a key area of her recent focus is what she describes as a digital control grid.

[SPEAKER_03]
Imagine getting a call in 2028 and someone says, a representative from the government, either you transgender your children or we're going to turn off your money.
Unless you take this pharmaceutical or you give it to your children, we're going to turn off your money.
We have another pandemic.
They say you're locked down.
Your money won't work if you leave your home.
We've decided you shouldn't buy real meat.
You shouldn't eat real meat.
We're going to have you buy lab-grown meat.
Your money will only work to buy lab-grown meat.

[SPEAKER_00]
Hello and welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm your host, Livio Sanchez.
Thank you so much for joining us.
Tonight, we're thrilled to welcome back Catherine Austin-Fitz, founder of the Solari Report.
Having worked at the highest levels of both finance and government, Catherine brings a rare perspective on how capital flows shape public policy, economic systems, and ultimately, our day-to-day lives.
Her work has long focused on transparency, accountability, and understanding the structural forces driving decision-making behind the scenes.
This evening, we'll explore what Catherine calls the digital control grid, the growing integration of digital identity, financial systems, and data infrastructure.
This includes developments like central bank digital currencies, increasingly digitized payment systems, and expanded financial surveillance, systems being built in real time with profound implications for individual autonomy.
We'll also examine how large scale public health initiatives intersect with financial incentives, regulatory frameworks, and data systems, and what that means for policy decisions, institutional behavior, and personal freedom.
Before we bring Steve on, I want to take a moment to ask for your help.
If you haven't already, please sign and share our petition to appeal the 1986 National Childhood Vaccine Injury Act.
Restoring accountability is critical.
When manufacturers are held accountable, it leads to safer products, greater transparency, and better outcomes for everyone.
We're at a pivotal moment.
With alignment in Congress, including efforts from Rand Paul and Paul Gosar, there's a real opportunity here, but we need your help to seize it.
So please sign it, share it, send it to all your contacts, and help us spread the word.
Janet will drop the link in the chat.
And now, without further ado, I'd like to welcome the founder of the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation, Steve Kirsch.
Steve, welcome back to VSRF Live.
How are you doing today?
I'm good, Olivia.
How are you?
I'm doing very well I'm actually really excited for our guest tonight I am a huge fan of Catherine Austin fits and it's just so wonderful to have her back on tonight and are you concerned about this Steve this digital control grid.

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, there are a lot of things that seem to be out of our control now that are problematic to me.
And they've happened to other people that I know.
So this is definitely something that's touched myself and people I know.

[SPEAKER_00]
Right, that you've been personally touched by this lack of control in the digital world.
And so let's go ahead and bring on our guest, Catherine Austin-Fitz.
Welcome back to VSRF Live.
How are you, Catherine?

[SPEAKER_03]
Fine, I'm coming to you from the Netherlands and it's great to see you guys again.

[SPEAKER_00]
It's great to have you back, and I want to read your bio before I release you to Steve.
Catherine is the president of Solari, Inc. and publisher of The Solari Report, where she provides analysis on the intersection of global finance, public policy, and economic systems.
She is a former Wall Street investment banker and served as managing director and member of the board of directors at Dylan, Reed, and Company.
She later served as Assistant Secretary of Housing and Federal Housing Commissioner at the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development under former President George H.W.
Bush, where she oversaw major federal housing and mortgage programs.
Catherine is also the former president of Hamilton Securities Group.
an investment bank and financial software firm where she led large-scale transactions and developed advanced financial analytics and decision systems.
She holds a BA from the University of Pennsylvania, an MBA from the Wharton School, and has studied Mandarin Chinese at the Chinese University of Hong Kong.
Through her work, Catherine continues to focus on transparency, accountability, and helping individuals understand
and navigate the evolving global financial system.
Before I release you, Steve, I want to share that we are pre-recording this interview, so we will not be having audience Q&A, but feel free to send them to us, and we'll ask Catherine later and see if we can get some answers to your questions later on, and I can maybe read them next week.
OK, take it away, Steve.

[SPEAKER_01]
All right.
Well, I'm going to start with something that's a little bit off topic, but I think it's on topic because it has to do with this a little a little war that we're having in Iran.
And there are some global implications of that and it may turn into, I don't know whether it's going to turn into World War III or what.
I don't know whether this is going to be negotiated away or this is going to turn into something much larger than this.
I'm curious if you have any kind of prediction on what's going to happen with Iran.

[SPEAKER_03]
So, there is a very good chance we are in this for the long haul.
So, I don't know, did you ever see the movie Vice?

[SPEAKER_01]
No, I didn't.

[SPEAKER_03]
There's a great scene where Chaney explains why, if you remember Wesley Clark's Seven Countries in Five Years, do you remember after 9-11 Wesley Clark said we're going to attack seven countries in five years?
Iran was the last one, right?
So we had Afghanistan, we had Iraq.
Iran was the last one on that list.
If you watch the movie Vice, Cheney is explaining, the Cheney character is explaining why we have to invade Iran.
And the Colin Powell character says, what's your exit plan?
And Cheney says, there is none.
Meaning, yeah, we're gonna, it's go back and watch it.
It's a very interesting,
You know, there are two sides of the balance sheet here that are driving this one, of course, is oil and energy.
But the other is the financial control grid, because Iran right now is the largest leakage in the system.
If you're going to do a global programmable money globally,
you know, Iran and what Iran is doing with China and some of the other countries puts too much leakage in the system.
So I think that what is unfortunate here is there is likely to be an effort to put boots on the ground and we are likely to get bogged down in there for a long, long time.

[SPEAKER_01]
So do you think that is the right thing to do for America to have boots on the ground or even be involved in attacking Iran?
I mean, we were the first aggressor here.
We fired the first shots in Iran.
Is that the right thing to do for our country?

[SPEAKER_03]
That is the right thing to do if you want to implement the digital control grid.
It's not the right thing to do if you want to represent America, but this has nothing to do with American national interests.
This has to do with essentially a syndicate asserting sufficient control to implement the next phase of the financial system.

[SPEAKER_01]
So you think they got to Trump and convinced Trump or was it wasn't it really Israel saying hey we're going to work we're going to invade Iran and we'd like some you know why don't you do it with us because there's an opportunity and Trump saw that as opportunistic rather than this being something that is strategic.

[SPEAKER_03]
So the way I think of this is the White House operates within a lane that is set for them by the nature of the machinery they're running.
So think of it this way.
The U.S. government spends six to seven trillion dollars a year, and it gets four trillion dollars of revenues.
And the other two to three trillion comes in from borrowing in the bond market, essentially through the central bankers.
And so it has to, and if you say to the Americans, we're gonna tell the bankers to go jump in the lake, the Americans say, no, no, no, we want our check.
And so you're between in a rock and a hard place, because everybody in America wants their check.
And you've got to operate within those lanes to make the bankers happy.
And if you look at the whole US dollar reserve currency system, you've got to do whatever you've got to do to make the system go.
And right now, and the chairman of the Federal Reserve just said this, where the debt is growing at a faster rate.
than our fundamental growth rate.
And if you look at one of the big push by Kennedy and HHS to change the food and health issues in America, part of that is to get that growth rate back up.
You can't get a growth rate from poisoning your people.
Ultimately, that doesn't work for economic growth.
So all of these issues are integrated in.
But our debt is growing in an unsustainable pattern.
And the question is, how do you deal with that?
One way you deal with that is to implement a digital control grid.
in a way that uses digital tokens and stable coins to dramatically suck in more money globally into the machinery.
And that's what they're trying to execute.
So if you want the digital control grid, what is happening makes sense.
Now, there's a lot of concern
about the Israeli leadership and in that I would say most of the people who really drive Israel, in my opinion, live in the United States.
But if you take that faction, you know, traditionally Israel has agreed
And if you think we're dependent on the central bankers, you should see how dependent Israel is on the US financing.
So basically, they're on a very short financial lease from us.
And their job has always in the Middle East been to do the dirty work.
And that was part of creating the conditions you needed for the Petrodollar.
Now they're helping to do the dirty work to lead the effort for the digital control grid, is the way it looks to me.
you know, ultimately the empire control, so to speak.

[SPEAKER_01]
Okay, but it seems like if you're trying to make ends meet here, that you don't start a war which, I mean, like Trump has said, hey, I need another maybe 200 billion or so for the next few weeks here for this war.
And, you know, this is just costing America a lot of money
to run this war, this just doesn't seem like the right move to make.
If you were running the show here in Washington DC, would attacking Iran be at the top of your priority list?

[SPEAKER_03]
No, not at all.
But of course, if I was in Trump's chair, I would have been shot a long time ago.

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, he almost was, so... Maybe, so...
Yes.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right, so... A long time ago.
Right.

[SPEAKER_01]
Or what seems like a long time ago.

[SPEAKER_03]
So if you're trying to implement the digital control grid, this is the right thing to do.
Now, I thought he thought they would get in and get out quickly.
And if you look at the regime change operation they had before this attack, before February 28th, I think they thought it was going to be successful.
And one of the reasons it wasn't successful was the Iranians were able to shut down the Starlink operation.
And that was a big shock globally to everybody that they were able to pull that off.
How did they shut down Starlink?
Well, that's one of the big questions because, you know, the question is, was it their tech or did they get the Chinese or Russians to help?
You know, there's a lot of speculation about that and I don't know what the truth is, but they were able
you know, doing that to not only shut down the Starlink communications, but identify all the covert operators who were using that to start the riots and sort of create the mess.
You know, because you had a two-pronged attack, you basically tried to drive their currency into the ground, you know, and cause bank failures, but then you also had these covert operators trying to engineer and start riots.
And the fact that the Starlink operation shut down was the Iranians were able to stop it.
And that kind of left them high and dry.
And I think that's why they decided to to attack.
But for some reason, and I don't know why, Trump thought, you know, you could get in and get out.
Now, I will say this, Steve, because I'm a huge skeptic about what's going on.
I think what you're looking at is covid 2.0.
I don't think this is a traditional war.
And the reason I say covid 2.0 is we have a military that is paid a trillion dollars a year.
and last year was $850 billion, the year before close to that.
Now, if you are the military running the reserve currency, you have one job, your priority job, and anybody knows this, is to keep the sea lanes open.
You know, the reason that when the British had the reserve currency, it was the British Navy that ruled the seas.
Right.
So you have one job is to police and control the sea lanes.
And if you get a trillion dollars a year and you can't keep sea lanes open in the face of a country that's under severe sanctions for many decades.
I'm not sure I believe that story.
I mean, it's possible you're grossly incompetent.
That's possible.
But you're talking about a level of gross incompetence, which is extraordinary.

[SPEAKER_01]
Trump has said he doesn't care about the straight.
He's just leaving that to others.
He's saying, hey, if I get out of this, I'm not doing anything about the sea lanes.
Not our problem.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right.
So what he said, there's an interesting article, series of articles in Foreign Affairs Magazine, which I kind of monitor because it's a bellwether, but one of them is basically that Trump has not accepted a multipolar world.
He still believes we're in a unipolar world.
He's just shedded all the obligations of leading the unipolar world.
So he's gone from being the global cop to being the global, you know, I'm the biggest guy in town, so I'll take it.
So I think if you look at the US net-net, we're an energy exporter, net-net, we're energy self-sufficient.
And what he's saying is relatively, we're in relatively good shape.
And so if you shut down the straits, the rest of the world goes in a world of hurt.
And it puts us at a competitive advantage.

[SPEAKER_01]
Nice.
So if you were in charge here, what steps would you be doing to turn things around?
It seems like if you have a problem where you're
income is less than what you're spending, the solution should be to reduce your spending to match your income.
Is that wrong or?
I mean, that's the sort of the traditional.

[SPEAKER_03]
So here's the thing.
What are the things we can do to improve our growth rate and reduce our spending?
So the first thing we can do to improve our productivity and reduce our spending is what?
uh to do well we could certainly reduce our spending um so but but the question is how so i would say the first thing we could do to reduce our spending is stop poisoning our people okay if you look at the hhs budget and how much we're spending on health care we're spending on health care because our pharmaceutical policies and our food policies are poisoning our people and they are sick right

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, we're like one of the least healthy, the least healthiest countries, right?
I mean, our rate of chronic diseases is the highest in the world or one of the highest in the world?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, you know, if you look at what Kennedy's different estimates of chronic disease are.
So at one point he was saying it was 50, something like 57 percent of the kids have chronic disease.
And I, Michelle Pero, who's a wonderful pediatrician from California, said, oh, no, that's because many kids can't afford to get tested.
It's much more in the 70 percent.
So whichever, pick the number, 57, 70 percent, there is no future.
In other words, that is a people who have no future.
They have no economic future and they certainly can't carry the debt that they're carrying.
if your whole population at a young age is diseased, okay?
So the first thing you have to do if you want to, now, if you look at, HHS has a budget at this point, I think it's 1.8 trillion.
I mean, it's ridiculous.
Switzerland has the best medical system in the world, from my personal experience.
Their per capita healthcare expense is 8,500, ours is 13,500, right?
So number one, and let's talk about 10 things you have to do, but start with number one.
You have watched for the last two years while Washington has grappled with trying to implement the policies they need to stop poisoning people with pharmaceuticals and get them good food.
How open and willing is Washington to make those changes?

[SPEAKER_01]
Zero.
Practically zero, except for minor changes to food recommendations that won't move the needle.
It's been zero.
And the people that have been clamoring for change have been silenced.
Right.
And what's even worse, of course, is that the new leadership, Kennedy and his minions, are told, don't talk about vaccines.
Let's just talk about food.

[SPEAKER_03]
OK, so let's talk about food.
And let's take the next step here.
So I had.

[SPEAKER_01]
We should be talking about vaccines, right?

[SPEAKER_03]
Let's talk about food.
OK. Because we have to talk about political intent here.
So we had a wonderful woman on Financial Rebellion, which is a show I do on CHDTV.
And her name is Alexandra Muniz.
And she's a molecular toxicologist from Florida.
She's a scientist.
and a very poised young woman scientist.
Anyway, she was instrumental in both Tennessee and in North Carolina in stopping bears' push for a liability shield related to pesticides.
She's a toxicologist.
So we had her on Financial Rebellion.
She's a very serious scientist, very careful, very diligent in her words, very fact-based.
So we get to the end of the interview and you could tell she's feeling like she's not getting her message across.
And she's describing if the pesticide shield goes into place and they roll out and do with pesticides what she then estimates will happen,
She's describing what the impact will be on fertility, what the impact has been for the last decades and what it will be with this increase.
And finally, she looks at me and Polly and Carolyn and she says, you have to understand if this shield is adopted, I will consider this an extinction level event.
Okay.
Now, you know what's happened in Washington.
We have extraordinary support from the administration, you know, both at the Supreme Court and in the legislature and in executive branch policies to support that liability shield when intelligence scientists know that is an extinction level event given what its impact will be on fragility.
Now I have to tell you, Steve, after watching what has gone on in Washington with an extraordinary good faith effort by thousands if not millions of people to get the ship to turn to a policy that won't bankrupt the government through HHS, this country and the political process is absolutely dedicated to depopulation.

[SPEAKER_01]
Well,
The political process is supposed to be representing the will of the people.
I haven't heard of anybody.
I've never met anybody who said, you know, the main problem in America is that the pesticide companies have liability.
And if we gave the pesticide companies a liability shield, we would fix all of the problems.
in America.
So let's just do this.
I don't like, I just don't run into any people that say that.
Am I just talking in the wrong circles here?
It just seems like there's nobody in the American public that is saying that my gosh, we would be in such better shape if we could have liability shield for the pesticide companies.
Am I wrong?

[SPEAKER_03]
Washington has run to get that two to three trillion dollars that produces the check that everybody gets.
So I told you the red button story the last time I was on your show.
This is the red button story.
So I'll never forget, I've been working with different states to pass bills that put up guardrails on programmable money.
So stable coins and digital tokens were trying to get guardrails so it can't be used to strip you of your constitutional rights.
Anyway, so there's one wonderful representative in Idaho who said to me once, he said,
Every year we send a dollar to Washington and every year we get a dollar and 19 cents back.
And every time I try and enforce the Constitution, my constituents say, no, we'd rather have the 19 cents.
Right?
So whatever it is that gets that two to three trillion dollars coming through, ultimately that is what Washington produces.
And I'll give you the perfect example.
We use this clip on our first quarter.
You know, four times a year we do this sort of mega analysis of the top stories of the quarter in the year.
Do you remember Pam Bondi testifying on Epstein?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
So, so one of the congressmen said, uh, he got all the Epstein victims who were at the testimony to stand up and he asked them how many of them had tried to talk to the department of justice.
They all raised their hand.
He said, how many had talked to the department of justice?
None raised their hand.
He said, how many would be willing to talk to the department?
They raised their hand anyway.
And so, so he turns back to Bondi and after a few back and forth, Bondi said the dows at 50,000, that's what we should be talking about.
And what she was saying was the old political equation of, you guys agree to go along with the corruption and crime as long as we produce your check and your stocks are up, right?
I was, it was, you know, so my headline, my top story, my third top story with Bondi embraces the red button problem.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
So it's basically short-term fix versus just grappling with the long-term correct solution.

[SPEAKER_03]
No.
Because if you look at the people who are really running the system behind the scenes, in my experience, operationally, they're quite competent.
And what they know is if you cannot get the population on a financially responsible plan,
The only way you can balance the books is by lowering life expectancy and that's what they're doing and it's absolutely intentional and it is a plan.
And you know, it's obvious, but it's very hard for most people to, to, to fathom or face that.

[SPEAKER_01]
But there are other, there are better ways to solve this problem, right?

[SPEAKER_03]
No.
And I'll tell you why.

[SPEAKER_01]
Absolutely not.

[SPEAKER_03]
Okay.

[SPEAKER_01]
Is it because, wait a minute, but if you had extreme political will and everybody wanted to do the right thing, you're telling me that the best way to solve America's problems is to kill Americans?

[SPEAKER_03]
No, I'm not telling you that's the best way.
What I'm telling you is the only other way you can solve America's problems is to build dramatic new wealth bottom up.
dramatic new wealth bottom up.
But that means no digital control grid, and it means allowing governance through meritocracy.
And the question if you're the leader is how do you allow meritocracy to happen without losing the ability to do the kind of central risk management you think you need, especially with new technology, and without you basically getting shot at dawn for all the corruption that's gone on for the last 50 years?
How do you I you know, it's funny because I've done a lot of looking at covert financial flows and at various times and I believe the stories I've been told that that various people in the leadership got together, you know, they go off to a place like Battelle and You know, they get some smart people from DARPA and they figure out how can we
how can we sort of unsecretize some of the black budget or a lot of the black budget?
And they sit down and they say, you know, ultimately the liability is too great.
We can't figure out how to do it.
Part of it is, you know, secret technology produces enormous profits and the people who benefit from keeping it secret, you know, don't want to let it out now.
But here's the root of the problem.
I can't
You know, I can do a central control digital control grid with depopulation, or I can let decentralized wealth creation happen with the blessings of new technology.
But then we have to go to a meritocracy and the people running things don't want to give up, you know,
They're they're making a fortune.
They're billionaires.
They have, you know, an amazing power.
They're not interested in going to a meritocracy.

[SPEAKER_01]
Wow.
That's a pretty interesting perspective.
Well, I disagree with it.
You know, I think you're you're right.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, here's the thing, what I believed and what I was doing in the 90s was proving to them there was a way to go to bottom-up wealth creation and essentially strong family enterprise without them losing the ability to do effective risk management.
Now, I disagree with them.
I think there is a way to do it.
But, you know, that was in the 90s.
So much evil has gone down since and there's so much anger on all sides.
But what they would tell you, you know, and I remember, you know, being in the room back then, what they would tell you is people don't want to turn the ship until they hit the iceberg and then it's too late.
So you can't trust
the democratic process to be effective in this kind of environment.
I disagree with that because I think there are ways to make it work.
But again, it's going to force you into meritocracy, and there are a lot of people who don't want that.

[SPEAKER_01]
Suppose we elected a, and not that this is ever going to happen, but suppose that we elected a president like President Trump who says, I'm gonna do things my way.
I have the support of the people.
We gotta buckle down and do the right thing because he was pitching to Americans.
He said, oh, you know, I'm gonna, we're gonna raise these tariffs and these tariffs are gonna cause some hurt in the short term, but over the long term,
You're going to be better off and I'm going to take the courageous step to make your lives miserable in the short term, because that's the right thing to do to make America great again.
And so he pitches that and people buy it.
So why isn't it possible for the next president to come in and actually say, hey, here's how we're going to write this ship.
And we've done a lot of bad things, but we need to turn things around.
And here are the steps that my administration is going to take to fix this problem.

[SPEAKER_03]
So, you know, could massive decentralization in the economy work?
In theory, yes.
Could a president go lead an effort like that?
I'm assuming that if a president tried to do something, he would be shot.
I mean, the secret governance system is, you know, the question is, are they going to support that?
Because remember the, you know, it's the Kennedy problem, the secret service guns turn out and they turn in.
Right?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yep.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right.
So.
You know, I. Wow.

[SPEAKER_01]
So this is a non-solvable problem.
We're basically going to go down this path.

[SPEAKER_03]
No, it's absolutely solvable.
And I'll tell you one of the ways to solve it.

[SPEAKER_06]
OK.

[SPEAKER_03]
So so I don't think you can solve it by voting your way out of it.
But let me explain.
Let me explain who is.
You know, all these.
So we'll just take the great poison.
If you look at who's doing the great poisoning, who's financing the great poisoning, and who's supporting the great poisoning, it's all of us.
So if I were to go into an audience of health freedom movement people and I were to roll up all their 401ks and IRAs and look at their 401ks and IRAs, they would all be financing the great poisoning and making a lot of money on it.
I mean, I remember at the middle of the
of the pandemic having healthcare, health freedom activists tell me they couldn't sell their Pfizer stock because they didn't want to pay capital gains tax.
They wanted to keep making money on their Pfizer stock, right?
So we're going to work and we're making the poison.
We're putting our money in IRAs and 401ks and financing the poison.
And we are sitting down at tables and being polite to people who do the poisoning, right?
And we have the ability to stop.
Because this is not a group of people in Washington and Wall Street doing it.
This is people throughout the economy who are going to work every day or putting money in a bank.
You know, if you look at all the banks who led the disappearing money from the federal federal government and 29 trillion of bailouts, most Americans are still banking with them.
Why?
So I'll never forget, I was in Washington, I was up in a boardroom, and a congressman basically said there were some protesters who were walking up and down Pennsylvania Avenue.
And he looked at me and he said, listen honey, as long as they have a Citibank credit card in the back pocket, I don't care if they walk up and down.
Right?
Right, so you can ask the president to stop the American people from doing something that they won't stop themselves.
So it's one of the reasons why, you know, we have all these slogans at Soleri, who's your banker, who's your farmer, where's your money, right?
So you want healthy, nutritious food, stop buying the crap and go find your local farmers and start, you know, or start a garden or whatever, but get some decent food.
Now we have a new, every year we publish and republish something we called Coming Clean.
And what I tell people is, look,
This is the equivalent of having a parasite.
So if your doctor told you you had a tapeworm, you know what you need to do.
You need to detox the tapeworm, right?
You need to detox.
You need to get the parasite out.
Okay, so coming clean is all about
you stopping everything you're doing in your life, whether it's your mind, your time, how you earn your money, how you invest your money, stop financing the parasite, stop financing the tapeworm.
You pull your money, but do it in a way that makes you healthier and stronger.
And the more we do that, the less we support the parasite.
And it sounds like a small thing and it sounds simple.
Everybody tells me I'm only one person.
But if virally everybody started to use cash, if everybody shifted their money out of the banks doing the corrupt stuff to the banks who are honest, if everybody stopped putting their money in media or foundations or other things that are doing the corruption, if they pulled their money from the companies, I mean, you would have a revolution.
And that's what you're going to have to do.
You're going to have to shift your money out of the unproductive and the centralizing control and start putting it in real productivity.

[SPEAKER_01]
So do you think that banks are fundamentally the problem?
So if everybody were to switch to, say, the USD stablecoin that's not controlled by the government?

[SPEAKER_03]
USD stablecoin is more dangerous than CBDC.

[SPEAKER_01]
Wow.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yep.
You watch.

[SPEAKER_01]
Okay.

[SPEAKER_03]
Explain that.
Well, we have to talk about stable coins and digital tokens separately, but anything that's on a distributed ledger can be turned into programmable money.
And when you put it in a private public context, you get the worst of both worlds.

[SPEAKER_01]
So something like holding Bitcoin or Solana or Ethereum then is much safer than holding, say, a Circle USD.

[SPEAKER_03]
So under the Genius Act, you have a pipeline from treasury and every stablecoin issuer has to plug into it.
And if you read how that pipeline works, I believe it can be used to deliver not just know your customer and money laundering and sanction rules, it can be used to deliver a full blown social credit system or anything a CBDC might do.
So and every every issuer has to has to align and implement.
So.

[SPEAKER_01]
So.
So.
But back to my question, which is, you know, Solana Bitcoin, Ethereum are not subject to those regulations.

[SPEAKER_03]
No, but they are subject to.
seizure and sort of other enforcement actions.
And so I don't think at this point, they could be fully programmable.
I'm not a technologist, but in that sense, they could be technically safer.
What I will tell you is, I don't think any all digital system can ever be safe.
And that's why it's imperative we keep analog alive.
And I don't mean just analog as in cash and checks.
I mean analog in having relationships with your neighbors and communicating with people you know and having intimate relationships that protect you on issues like food, on energy, on all the things you need for your daily life.
I don't think an all digital world is safe ever.

[SPEAKER_01]
Hmm.
So, I mean, there could be some, like, couldn't you, could you have a stable coin?
which is, so I guess the problem is that a stable coin tied to the US dollar just becomes immediately problematic unless they peg it, peg the price somehow to the US dollar because of the US regulations regarding the US dollar, right?

[SPEAKER_03]
So let me walk you through two issues.
There are two issues
on stable coin that you have to understand.
And we can relate those to digital tokens too, but let's start with stable coins.
One issue is our, you know, will they become programmable money that delivers a set of rules?
That's one set of issues, okay?
But let's put that aside for a second.
That's the one that concerns me the most.
But let's look at the second issue.
Stable coins are the equivalent of trading a little treasury bill.
and using a treasury bill like a currency.
So I buy a stablecoin and the stablecoin company is required to put that into high quality bank deposits or cash or a treasury bill that has a maturity of 93 days or less.
And one of the goals on the treasury is to now that institutional investors around the world are rejecting treasuries, they want to bring retail.
So they are offering currency through the payment rails, the crypto rails to anybody who's got a mobile phone all over the world, trying to attract money into treasury bills and by creating a currency
You know, a crypto that's basically a little treasury bill, a tradable treasury bill is currency.
Okay.
Now, what does that mean?
Do you remember when the wall came down in Germany?
89.
So there's a big discussion about how are we going to get East Germany and West Germany to come together and we're gonna have years of treaties and conferences and all, blah, blah, blah, blah.
And the German chancellor solved the problem overnight.
He offered a sweet premium for the Eastern currency.
Everybody came into the Deutschmark and within 48 hours, the country was unified because he tendered for the East German citizens through the currency.
It's like how one company tenders for another company's stock.
He did a tender for the East German citizens through the currency.
Country unified overnight.
The United States is planning on doing that globally with stablecoins.
They're going to go, not just on Main Street in the United States, but countries all around the world, Ecuador,
Bolivia, you know, the EU, and they're going to say to citizens all around the world, don't use the Euro, don't use, you know, the peso, use the dollar, right?
Okay.
Now, what that means is you are going to hear a giant sucking sound of money out of other countries' economies into financing the US machine, right?
Right.
Now, what is that going to do to those economies?

[SPEAKER_01]
Probably not a lot of good.
is my guess.

[SPEAKER_03]
So let's look at Main Street in the United States.
We have two wonderful studies by Richard Werner who I consider the top economist in the world on banking and central banking issues.
And one of the things he describes is the way economy gets the most growth without inflation possible is you create as many banks as possible and those banks when they underwrite loans create money supply but money supply going into productive activities and that's how you get massive growth
without inflation.
It's not speculative bubbles.
It's you're you're financing productive companies doing fundamentally economically sound things.
OK, now what you're going to do is instead of the bank making loans to do productive things, it's going to suck up money and send it into the Treasury market where it's going to finance the war in Iran.
What's that going to do to the local economy?

[SPEAKER_01]
It's going to starve it.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, exactly.
It's going to starve small enterprise all over the world.
Right now, I think the small enterprise employment in the United States is something like $57 million.
So you're going to starve that economy at the same time you shut down the Straits.
What do you think is going to happen?

[SPEAKER_01]
things are not going to be going in the right direction.
Prices are going to increase.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right.
What you're going to do is you're going to centralize, just like in COVID, you shut down Main Street, you injected five trillion dollars into primarily Wall Street, and because you shut off income to Main Street and let the big businesses stay open, they scarfed up enormous market share and were able to buy assets cheap, right?
You're going to do it again.
Here we go.
That's why I say this is COVID 2.0.

[SPEAKER_01]
What do you think is the what is the end game here in Iran?
When when do you think we're going to be out of Iran?
If ever.

[SPEAKER_03]
I I don't know because
If I was the Iranians, and I don't pretend to understand Iran or the Iranians, but if I was the Iranians given my history as a civilization, the fact that I've been preparing for this war in 40 years, for 40 plus years, I would never surrender.
Because if you look at what will happen if they lose, you know, I would rather die fighting.
So,
And there's no, if you look at how many, every time they've tried to negotiate a ceasefire, we assassinate their negotiators and the people, you know, leading the effort to, you know, so somebody clearly on our side does not want there to be peace because we keep killing the people on the other side who are trying to make peace.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, I mean, this seems like Israel and Gaza, right?
They want to do in Iran what they're doing in Gaza.
So, Israel and Palestine, you know, basically it's this unresolved situation and we're going to be doing the same thing in the US and Iran are going to be doing the same thing for the rest of our lives.

[SPEAKER_03]
So let me make a suggestion.
There's a wonderful substack called written, it's called the escape key substack.
And if you come to Soleri, we have a commentary called, is Jeffrey Epstein the father of programmable money?
And the answer of course is yes.
But it describes from January 30 on, it points you to the escape key substack and tells you why you ought to read it.
And basically, there's a great post recently, if you if you go through all the descriptions of programmable money and how they intend to do the control grid, it walks you through then into Iran and why what is happening, Iran is happening and why it's bound to, you know, this fight is bound to go on a long way.
Yeah, I think they are trying to embed in Iran
the control grid that they have embedded into Gaza.
You know, the plan in Gaza, I don't know if you understand it, is to strip them of all their land ownership and rights and instead give them digital tokens.

[SPEAKER_01]
Certainly hasn't seemed to have worked.
Am I wrong?

[SPEAKER_03]
It's worked in the sense that they have complete control.

[SPEAKER_01]
What, that Israel has complete control over Gaza?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
Yeah, I mean I would say that that this is a unresolved conflict that is ongoing So I would say it's an unresolved or or it's an unfinished Holocaust So it depends on whose estimate of death you believe You know and they range from a hundred and fifty to I think six hundred and eighty thousand dead but I think Israel's preference is that
You know, the majority of the 2 million people who were there as of October 7, 2023, you know, their preference was they go to Egypt, but if they have to, they're happy to kill them.
They want the land, they want the water, they want the oil and gas, and they don't want the Palestinians.
It's pretty simple.

[SPEAKER_01]
And if you look, if you look at it, you know, it just it boggles my mind on how people can't just get along with each other here.
You know, we're we're supposed to be the smartest creatures on Earth.
And how is it that we just can't get along with each other?
What is so fundamentally wrong here that we keep attacking people and we tear down civilizations, that we have this ongoing conflict in Ukraine and Russia, where they're basically destroying
All of this infrastructure that's that's been built up and for for what end.
I mean, like, why are we incapable of coming to a negotiation table and simply arguing with words rather than throwing stones.
It seems so But here's the thing.
So backwards.
Right.

[SPEAKER_03]
If I can use my, so I'm not trying to tell you that this is right.
I'm not trying to justify it.
But if I have no empathy for other human beings and I can build money and power by killing other people and taking their stuff, that looks to me like an attractive proposition if I think I can pull it off.
Now, I don't like that, but you have a certain percentage of the people on the planet who are born without empathy and organized with other people who don't have empathy, and this formula works for them.
So, you know, my subscribers are very sick of hearing me say, crime that pays is crime that stays.
And I have watched in the United States
where the crowd has supported people who have risen to power based on the profits of crime.
I mean, America is the global leader in narcotics trafficking and laundering money for narcotics trafficking.
We're the global leader in, you know, illegal, you name it.
I mean, we are the financial center of the world for illegal covert cash flows.
Right.
We are swimming on a sea of criminality and that's been going on for decades.

[SPEAKER_01]
So is there any nation in the entire world who is bucking that trend?
where they're saying, hey, let's make crime not pay so we can get out of this and let's negotiate peacefully with our neighbors and let's do things the right way that we should be doing.
Is there any nation on earth that we can point to that's doing things the right way?

[SPEAKER_03]
I would say there are many nations who've been struggling to try and do it.
and people within nations who've been trying to do it.
And if you come to Soleri, you will see years and years and years of content about people all over the world trying to do that.
And we have, I mean, I hate to say this, Steve, but imagine we were to get in a spaceship and go back to the Neanderthal age and give the Neanderthal men laser guns.
What do you think would happen?
We are looking at a population of people whose technological advancement is accelerating much faster than their spiritual or cultural ability to manage that kind of technology.
And you and I are watching a world that is spiraling down because a few people can consolidate power in a way that makes them wealthier, but it shrinks the pie.
In other words,
You know, we've got a group of players who are advantaging themselves in a way that that is a lose-lose.
I mean, if you don't have the rule of law, everything falls apart.
And that's what we're watching.

[SPEAKER_01]
But who are... Oh, sorry.

[SPEAKER_03]
Go ahead.
Who are they?
Who are most Americans?
I know.
If I were to look through your portfolio, you know, you're financing this.
You're vested in this continuing.

[SPEAKER_01]
OK, I'm not sure that's the case.
But my question is, what country in the world is the leader in terms of getting close to doing the right thing here?
Is there a country that you could point to that says, OK, these guys, when you negotiate, then they negotiate.
They believe in peace.
They don't believe in war.
They want to settle things fairly.
They're not interested in enriching themselves.
They want to enrich society.
You know, they're doing the right thing.

[SPEAKER_03]
So if I were to pick out, I don't think there's any countries that perfect because they're all having to survive in a world that is like this.
But if I were to pick out countries that I thought had done a remarkable job of maintaining an advanced culture in the face of this, it would probably be Japan and the Netherlands.
Now, I know the Netherlands much better than Japan, probably Ireland, too.

[SPEAKER_01]
And is that why you chose, like you've, you're based in the Netherlands now.
Is that one of the reasons that you chose the Netherlands?

[SPEAKER_03]
Right.
So I see the Dutch people as very culturally, the least, one of the least primitive cultures on the planet.

[SPEAKER_01]
And do you think that will change?
Do you think that, you know, are things moving, are the Dutch people changing in the right direction as we move forward in time, or are they moving in the wrong direction?

[SPEAKER_03]
No, they have the same problem we have.
They have crazy leaders who go to the WEF and come back and proceed to destroy their economy.

[SPEAKER_01]
Which then causes the trend to be in the, you know, it's kind of like the black hole.
Right.
That the devil is swallowing everything and nobody can escape the black hole.
You can escape the black hole for a small amount of time, but eventually the black hole will come and get you.

[SPEAKER_03]
Here's the thing.
There are millions of us, right?
All we have to do is not go along.
We have to not support it.
And we have the power to do that.
So we have to grow up and decide, you know something, I'd rather have a dollar and the constitution than a dollar and 19 cents.

[SPEAKER_01]
Right.
So do you think American America, for example, could turn around and be the America that wants the dollar rather than the dollar and 19 cents?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, I do.
I think it's absolutely possible.

[SPEAKER_01]
And so you're saying that the way that will happen is through grassroots rather than through any change in the leadership.
But what drives that grassroots change?

[SPEAKER_03]
So this is trench warfare, and I think you have to do everything you can do.
So I say you can't vote your way out of the process, but I continue to do everything I can to help candidates who I think are good.
because I think it's not either or, it's and, and, and, and, and.
So I really encourage you to get a copy of Come and Clean.
You can print it out or I'll mail you a hard copy.
So yes, I think it is.
Now, one of the things it's gonna take is it's gonna take every
People in every county, and it doesn't take everybody, it takes five to ten percent of the leadership in every county to say, you know something, let's figure out how a dollar plus the Constitution here, especially if we bring in new technology, can make a better economy than a dollar and 19 cents getting us more and more dependent on the federal government.
And so America breaks down to 3,100 counties.
And the way I would do it in your county is totally different than the way I would do it in my county in Tennessee.
You know, every place is different.
But if you look at retaking the economy and re-engineering the federal money so that instead of having a negative return on investment, you have a positive return on investment,
In theory, this could be turned around remarkably quickly.
The question is, everybody making money on the negative return on investment has to be incentivized to switch.
And if you look at how many people are making money on negative things, it's extraordinary.
They're going to have to switch.

[SPEAKER_01]
Right.
For all this to happen, it's just not going to happen on its own sort of by Brownian motion.
It's not going to happen, but randomly people are going to figure this out on their own and cause there to be a massive switch.
I think the only way that you can coordinate such a change in a country like the United States would be to actually have an organization
That is helping to drive and coordinate and teach people how to buck the trend and how to do things differently and and to have the vision of a path forward and You know, so I I think That I don't is that happening and I just don't know it I it's the last thing you need is one new organization in other words it

[SPEAKER_03]
It doesn't take, what it's going to take is either realization that the food is poisoning you or problems with the straits and food supply to get people to start supporting local farmers and building local food supplies.
But I think it can happen.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, but can't it happen faster if there is a good organization that is coordinating this and is helping people to get together and share their stories and share their success stories and work towards a similar end because they all know what the goal is and they all know how they're going to accomplish it.

[SPEAKER_03]
I've never seen one of those organizations that didn't get hijacked.
So what I would say is, you know, to use the expression, you need a thousand flowers to bloom.
And we have plenty of great organizations that are doing those kinds of things.

[SPEAKER_01]
OK, well, maybe it's not a single organization.
Maybe it's 20 organizations.
They all get together and they all say, hey, here's the plan that we're going to do moving forward.
And if one of them becomes corrupt or two of them become corrupt, it doesn't matter because we started with 20 of these and they're all independent.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, actually, you need 3100.

[SPEAKER_01]
3100, that's an interesting number.
Why isn't it 3000 as opposed to 3100?

[SPEAKER_03]
Because there's 3100 counties.
3100 of those organizations you need because that's what you need to do.
You need to re-engineer county by county by county.

[SPEAKER_01]
Okay, but doing that can there can be a group of organizations that help to create, you know, so that it's not a single level hierarchy here that it's a flat level 3100.
Here's what you need.

[SPEAKER_03]
You need a group of guys to get together.
And when I say guy, I mean women too.
They need to pull some capital and say, okay, every young person who wants to start a business on Main Street, we'll make sure you get access to great tech and great accounting.
And we're gonna start financing kids starting business on Main Street instead of going to Wall Street.
I mean, that's what you need.
You need venture capital and the ability to circulate whether it's, you know, as the stable coins suck out all the money to circulate money locally.
You need a couple different ways, whether it's loan money or equity money or whatever.
You need to keep your intellectual capital and build it up on Main Street and put real money behind it.
That's what you need.

[SPEAKER_01]
Okay.
So couldn't, couldn't somebody who's a multi, multi billionaire like, uh, Elon Musk, who's very, very smart, um, uh, like doesn't Musk get this and could he realize that, Hey, you know, I can help.
He's on the other team rolling.
He's on the other team.
He's on the, he's on the other myself.

[SPEAKER_03]
He's on the, he's on the pro centralization team.
No.
So, you know, can you talk to him?
No, never.

[SPEAKER_01]
Would you like to?

[SPEAKER_03]
You know, I'll talk to anybody, but do I believe he's on the pro decentralization team?
No.
I'm happy to talk to anybody on the centralization team.
You know, but here's the thing.
So this is my impression of Elon Musk.
Elon Musk came to Washington and we all know there's 21 trillion missing from DOD and HUD, right?
So if you wanted to stop fraud and you wanted to stop leakage, where would you do it?
The first thing you do is you
You'd go to the New York Fed and you'd go to New York Fed and their members, you'd go to the top members of the New York Fed and you say, okay, I want to see the HUD and DOD and Treasury bank accounts and find out where the 21 trillion went and get it back, right?
Did he do that?
No.
But if you were going to start an AI and you wanted to get the most valuable payment data in the world, what would you do?
You'd go to Treasury, you'd go to IRS, you'd go to Social Security and you'd suck up all the data.
That's what he did.
And the day that Grog made a deal with the Palantir AI, Palantir's stock shoots to the moon.
So do I think he was there to shut down fraud?
No, because if there's one thing I know a lot about, I have a deep history in its re-engineering government programs, that team did not go in to re-engineer government programs.
You know, because there's a methodology, it's neurosurgery, and that's not what they did.

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, do you think do you think that that team went into enrich Elon Musk?

[SPEAKER_03]
No, I think Elon Musk went into enrich Elon Musk.
And, you know, so if you're a government special employee, you're not supposed to have meetings, you know, and use your office to make money for your businesses.
He was in with Modi pitching contracts, you know, and he was loading the Starlink into into the White House.
And if you look at, in the first couple weeks, if you look at how many inspector generals got fired, many of them were doing investigations of Elon Musk's company.
I think he made a fortune by going in there.

[SPEAKER_01]
Wow.
So who is the billionaire that you do respect that's on the right side of this issue?

[SPEAKER_03]
You know, I respect a lot of billionaires.
You know, a lot of billionaires are people who worked hard and made their money, you know, and earned it.
So I have no problem with billionaires.
So the question when I look, because I have an investment screen company, and when I look at a company, my question is, are they making money from doing something productive and useful?
Are they making money by doing something criminal?
And unfortunately, we've become an economy that depends more and more on government money and government purchases.
And in the process, we've engaged in way too much systemic criminality.
And we've gotten financially dependent on it.
And that's why weaning ourselves of that financial dependency has to be an evolution.
And it has to be, you know, it can be top down, but it also has to be bottom up.
We all have to take responsibility because, you know, if you look at the corruption, it's not in Washington and Wall Street.
It is from sea to shining sea.

[SPEAKER_01]
So back to my question, is there a billionaire who said, hey, I've made my billions.
I think it's time that somebody, you know, that there's this duty of the people who have been the obliques, nobles kind of thing, that the wealthy shall return.
you know, or have a moral duty to fix society.
Are there any of these rich people who you believe are trying to say, hey, you know, I'm okay.
Let's turn around and do something to fix society.

[SPEAKER_03]
So I would have to sit down and study.
I don't spend a lot of time tracking billionaires.
But I'm sure there are many, but you don't want them to save society or help society.
You want them to invest in in local economies.
So that's why you need 3,100 and you have 3,100 counties.
You need them to invest in local economies in a way that is smart investment or reasonably smart investment.
But as they do it, demand that the political process come along.
It's got to be a public private effort and it's, you know, what they can bring to the table is not just money.
What they can do is enough political clout to ensure that the political process is willing to give up their privileges in an effort to get America back to getting a growth rate that is growing faster than the debt rate.

[SPEAKER_01]
Do you have any opinions on Bill Gates?
I'm curious if you have any good points.

[SPEAKER_03]
I can think of nothing good to say about Bill Gates.

[SPEAKER_01]
Okay, that's a great summary.
Can I just make one point?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, sure, of course.
Because our problem is not financial.
Okay?
Our problem first and foremost is spiritual and cultural.
And the kind of chain I'm talking about is a spiritual and cultural revolution where everybody and everything commits to being productive.
Okay?
And we have gotten into this mess, whether we're rich or we're poor, by going along with things or doing things that are unproductive.
and we have to change, okay?
And there's no amount, you could throw trillions of dollars at this and it would do absolutely no good unless we face reality and agree to change.
So this has to come with a spiritual and cultural revolution.
It's not a financial problem.
It can't be solved with investment.
Investment is necessary and it helps, but it can't be solved with money.
You have a negative return on investment society and it is adopted a negative return on investment attitude and culture.
That's got to change too.

[SPEAKER_01]
But for that for for a massive change like that to happen, there have to be leaders that are vocal and speaking out and telling people, hey, here's the problem.
Here's the way forward.
Here's the path forward.
Here's the plan.
And they've got to be right.

[SPEAKER_03]
And you know, the first thing you have to do is you have to not kill them and target them and try and destroy them when they do.
Um, correct.
Right.

[SPEAKER_01]
So, um, so right now, or, or, or, or what they do now is they simply silence them.
Yeah.
Right.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
Yeah.
So step one is there are thousands of people.
So, so every week on the ciliary report, we have a hero of the week.
Okay.
And what you'll see, if you watch hero of the week over a year after year after year, there are thousands of people doing great things.
And if you look at what is being done to stop them,
it is frightening and one of the first things we could do is start supporting all the people who are doing the productive thing are doing the right thing are trying to bring transparency are trying to do you know all the things i think that you know so you know lots of people in the health freedom movement who are doing that so so what we need to do is we don't need new organizations i'm not saying that they won't help we don't need
New big leaders are big billionaire leaders.
What we need to do is first and foremost, we need to start supporting all the people who are leading real solutions.
And there are thousands of them.
Just put the money behind them.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, you know, there was an article that came out on CHD recently, and it talked about the disinformation dozen, you know, so these were the, there's actually 13 people, not 12 people, but there are 13 people that were targeted.

[SPEAKER_03]
Were you one of them?

[SPEAKER_01]
No, I wasn't.

[SPEAKER_03]
Okay.

[SPEAKER_01]
No.

[SPEAKER_03]
Okay.
But it was Mercola.

[SPEAKER_01]
Who else?
Yeah, Mercola, Kennedy, Aaron, Elizabeth, a bunch of other people.
I know most of the people on the list.
Kevin.

[SPEAKER_03]
McKiernan?

[SPEAKER_01]
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Kevin.
I'm blanking on his last name.

[SPEAKER_03]
The guy who did SV-40 or?

[SPEAKER_01]
Oh, no, no, no, no, no, not that Kevin.
But so there are a bunch of these leaders and they related their stories in the CHD article.
And they said, you know, they went from two million followers to zero.
They went from having a bank account to being debanked, you know, that PayPal closed their accounts.
And so this is what happens to people who are, you know, speaking up, saying, hey, there's a better way than what we're doing now.
And I was banned for life from LinkedIn.
I'm banned for life from Medium.
Why?
Because I wrote about hydroxychloroquine.
Right.
And so and of course, when you appeal,
These decisions now looking back six years later and and shows that I was right and that I was trying to save people's lives rather than kill people.
I'm the one that is still, and others, Malone, same thing.
I asked Robert Malone, hey, did you ever get your account back on LinkedIn?
And the answer is no.
So all these people that are speaking out saying, hey, there's a better way, yeah, this is the article.
Great article.

[SPEAKER_03]
Oh, sure is there.
Yeah, sure is there.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
So if you look, the hardest thing I've ever had to do is build a team of people who won't fall apart in the face.
You know, it's like a constant ice storm every day all year long.
You know, right now we're dealing with imposters.
We deal with a whole lot of hacking and, you know, other kinds of problems, you know, suspicious mail problem.
I mean, it goes on and on and on.
Hardest thing I've ever had to do is build a team of people who could function
in that kind of ice storm and maintain their state of amusement.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, people can't stand it.
They they.

[SPEAKER_01]
Right.
Yeah.
Right.
Yeah.
Because it's devastating.
In fact, did you want to share your own story?
Right.
Because I don't think that's well known.
I certainly didn't know what happened to you when you spoke out in the United States of America.

[SPEAKER_03]
So we have a series at Solaria called Deep State Tactics, and it's a 12-part series that goes through all the different tactics that I dealt with, or the Solaria team dealt with, or people we were close to dealt with, and it's extraordinary.
It goes on and on and on because
You know, I litigated with the Department of Justice and dealt with the federal government on that issue for 11 years straight, and it was brutal.
It was absolutely brutal.
And you have to go through a period in your life when you're considered untouchable, because if your family helps you, then they attack your family.
If your friends help you, they attack your friends.

[SPEAKER_01]
You know and it goes on and on and on and you literally become untouchable and you just have to get your way through it Yeah, so but you moved out of the united states because of all of the uh, the things that were happening to you personally, right?

[SPEAKER_03]
So I had dealt with very serious physical harassment during the litigation and I describe all of that deep state tactics um, and and you know, it would happen sporadically after the litigation was over but generally it wasn't too bad and then
Um, I told you we had the most, every year we try and celebrate an artist and 2019 was the 500th anniversary of DaVinci and I'm a huge DaVinci, you know, devotee anyway.
So we had the year of DaVinci and a group of us were going to all the exhibits in Italy and London.
And then we were at the Louvre and I flew back and we were literally on just this DaVinci high.
And I walked back into Hickory Valley and the physical harassment started again.
And it was so, you know, so I have a friend who or an associate who's expert at covert operations and has professional experience there who advises me on this thing.
And I was saying to them, you know, I told them it started and they said, well, what are you going to do?
And I said, well, I'm not worried because the last time
There were home invasions in this area, which I think might have been associated with my situation.
I set up my guns so I could deal with a home invasion, so I could deal with a gang member of three people.
And my guns are set up to do that.
And they said, well, you're going to have to shoot to kill.
And I said, yeah, I know, but I can deal with it.
And they said, no, that's how they're going to ruin your brand.
So I said, well, how am I going to stop a home invasion of three guys without a gun?
So I was driving out to Oregon and I came back through Texas.
I have a wonderful friend who's a rancher in Texas.
So I said, can I stay with you for a couple of weeks while I figure this out?
So I tried to do this huge study on tasers and whether I could stop three
You know a home invasion with a gang of three with tasers and taser will only I think work once So I was about to do an order of like five to ten thousand dollars of tasers And I just stopped and I said, this is ridiculous You know, I am tired of playing tomb raider.
I'm not going to be a good sport about this the time has come to just take a break and leave and so I moved to the Netherlands at the end of 2019 and I
You know the cove had started when I was in the process of starting the company here and so we got I got locked down in freesland in the netherlands and it turned out to be a wonderful thing steve because I You know, I bought a car I love to drive and so I started driving all over europe and we have subscribers all over europe who are wonderful people and just a whole new world opened up and I love the netherlands and it just uh
It gave me a chance to really spend time and learn Europe in a way that you don't learn if you're just coming and visiting for a month or so.
So it turned out to be really, and our Dutch team here, which grew as a result of starting the company here, they're fantastic.
So it turned out to be, we haven't talked about the Young Builders Program because I think the way to rebuild America is by investing in the young people.
So we have this young people course and the first one was a prototype.
The question was, can we take our building wealth curriculum and use it to help young entrepreneurs really be successful in this environment?
And we're halfway through the first course and we are absolutely
We are so excited because we believe absolutely we can.
And so I think the key to rebuilding America is taking the young people who want to rebuild it and getting behind them.
Anyway, another story.
But anyway, so if you look at all the good that came out of getting sort of deciding I'd had it with being Tomb Raider and coming to Europe, I said, rather than be good at tasters, I'd rather go listen to Vivaldi.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
That's what happens.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_01]
Good for you.
All right.

[SPEAKER_03]
But if you want all the gruesome details, listen to Deep State Tactics.
You'll learn a lot.

[SPEAKER_00]
Love you all.
Striking conversation.
Thank you, Catherine.
I want to follow up with a couple of questions and they're based on fundamentals and I'm going to fire off some questions and then see what our audience can do, which is all money is loaned into existence currently.
Money is debt.
and it is owned by the U.S. dollars owned by the Federal Reserve.

[SPEAKER_03]
So I have two criticisms.
So if you go back through history, if you're interested in monetary history, my favorite monetary historian is Alexander Del Mar.
And if you go through history, the great governance systems are fiat currencies that have, the great currency systems are fiat currency systems that have good governance.
So if you look at the dollar, the problem is the dollar has a secret governance system that is not in alignment with us.
That's number one.
And the second is it's debt based.
And that puts you on a treadmill that leads in all the ways we know.
So I would say the debt basing, the dollar's problem is it's debt based, but also it has a secret governance system.

[SPEAKER_00]
And then if that's true, and now they're trying to get us off the dollar, right?
If you go to a major league ballpark, for example, and you try to pay for a hot dog and a beer in cash, you have to actually convert it to digital money and they charge you in order to use it.
There's many places that won't even take cash.
What can people hold their money in?
Is it precious metals?
Is it dollars?

[SPEAKER_03]
So cash is for transaction.
It's not for storing value.
Right.
So I think there's nothing better for transactions than cash.
I think by far and away, it's the preferred.
And one of our pieces of model legislation at Soleri is getting states to protect the infrastructure that protects cash.
I mean, cash use is still very significant in the United States, and it's incredibly important to the people who use it.
And, you know, it would be extremely detrimental to those groups if they had to switch to credit cards or, you know, those kind of digital payment mechanisms.
So I'm big on cash, but cash is not something that is an effective store of value.
So if you're going to keep, you know, I did a great financial rebellion called Where to Stash Your Cash in 2022.
There are many options as to where you can store value, precious metals being one of them, but there are plenty others too.
But you need to make a decision in your life, what do I need to trans, you know, what do I need to reserve to transact with, whether it's, you know, money to pay my bills or rainy day fund.
And then, you know, as the rest, where do I put it?
Because those tend to be things that are not as liquid.

[SPEAKER_01]
So would a stable coin that's tied to gold, for example, be something that's viable?

[SPEAKER_03]
So I have a good friend who started a token system where you can buy gold, have it represented by a token, which can be redeemed anytime in the real gold.
That's using a crypto system to represent a store of value.
As a payment system,
I just don't think gold makes a lot of sense for many different reasons we don't have time to get into, but most of the digital gold systems I see are not anything that I think have any integrity to them.
So not to say that a digital gold system couldn't, but most of the ones I'm seeing have no integrity and have the ability like all the other systems to become programmable money.
If a system doesn't have strict guardrails to prevent it from becoming something that could strip me of my constitutional rights, I have absolutely no interest in it.

[SPEAKER_01]
But if you tokenize gold, is that still regulated the same way that tokenizing the US dollar would be regulated?
And can the governments come in and say, oh, we're going to regulate your tokenization of a commodity?
Or can they only regulate tokenization of their currency?

[SPEAKER_03]
It depends on the jurisdiction right now.
The tokenized gold that I'm looking at doesn't I don't think there's much jurisdiction of it in the United States.
So the systems I'm looking at are outside of the United States.
But I have not read the final version of the Clarity Act yet.
So I don't know if that would impact.
any digital gold system in the United States.
So it might.
I just don't know.

[SPEAKER_00]
So what do you think is more likely a gold back standard or confiscation of gold?

[SPEAKER_03]
So I don't see why you would confiscate gold.
You know, when gold was confiscated the last time, first of all, they only confiscated the gold that was in the banks.
They never went to anybody's home with one exception.
It was the guy who sued them.
But at that time, gold was a major percentage of family wealth.
Now gold is a tiny percent of family wealth in the United States, all the monies and IRAs and 401ks.
So if they're going to play confiscation games, you know, I think they're either going to play confiscation games by playing with your 401k or IRA, or just turning all your stocks and bonds into programmable money.
So I just think if you tried to confiscate people's gold, you'd go after the most vociferous, noisy, ornery people, and you're not going to get a lot of gold.
So I'm not worried about that.

[SPEAKER_00]
Good point.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right.
So I don't know if you remember this, coming into the financial crisis, they were talking about converting IRAs to essentially annuity so that when you died, your heirs never got the money.
And you should have seen the explosion.
But if they're going to do something that grabs those assets, that's how they're going to do it.
Or they're going to dictate, OK, all IRAs and 401Ks have to buy 50% Treasury bonds.
And there you go.
You get inflated away.

[SPEAKER_00]
That makes perfect sense.
Catherine, remind our audience how we can follow you and your work.

[SPEAKER_03]
Okay.
You can follow me.
Our website is solari.com.
S O L A R I dot com.
And if you come to our website, we have a list of what is our official channels.
Please just be careful that you don't find yourself signing up for one of the many and growing number of imposters out there.

[SPEAKER_01]
You know you're successful when you have lots of imposters.

[SPEAKER_03]
So I've been working very hard with the states to pass bills that put guardrails up on all programmable money and you know from the moment we did that we were overrun with AI slop and imposters so all I can tell you is we have to put guardrails up on programmable money and if there was any doubt about that the imposters proved me right.

[SPEAKER_00]
So go to Solari.com.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, S-O-L-A-R-I, it's SolarWithAnEyeAtTheEnd.com.

[SPEAKER_00]
And Janet, we'll put that in the link and make sure you are at the proper website and don't get diverted somewhere else.
So make sure to subscribe.
Catherine, you are such a wealth of information and knowledge.
Really appreciate having you here on VSRF Live today and hope to see you back as we continue
tumbling through this transition that we appear to be in right now.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well I'm very grateful for the opportunity and I'm very impressed coming into Easter weekend that Steve wore an Easter bunny on his shirt.

[SPEAKER_00]
That is huge.
All right, well, thank you, Catherine.
Hang in there, everyone.
I got a couple of announcements to make before we close things out for our last Thursday episode.
Steve, you know this is our last Thursday episode today, and we're moving over to Tuesdays.
But before I get into that, I just want to remind you that VSRF is a small grassroots nonprofit, and everything we do is made possible by your support.
If you're able, please consider supporting us
text VSRF to 53555 or visit vacsafety.org backslash donate.
If you haven't already, please take a moment to sign our petition to appeal the 1986 Childhood Vaccine Injury Act and share it with your friends, family, co-workers and across your social media networks.
We're seeing real momentum right now and this is a unique window where
your voice can truly make an impact.
Every signature, every share, every action helps move this forward and thank you for being part of this and for helping us continue this mission.
Janet will put the link in the chat and again be sure to join us next Tuesday for our very first Tuesday night show as we welcome Dr. Robert Malone back to VSRF Live
He will be with us for our first Tuesday episode for a very timely and important conversation.
We're going to dive into gain of function research by a weapon labs and the latest developments surrounding the advisory committee on immunization practices following his recent departure.
And what does it all mean for oversight, accountability, and the future of public health?
You're not going to want to miss our first Tuesday episode.
Steve, great conversation tonight.
I know I learned a lot.
I hope our audience learned a lot.
And yeah, thanks for diving into some very
critical issues like the war in Iran and where we're heading.
So we're going to see all of you on Tuesday night.
Steve, we'll see you Tuesday night with Dr. Malone.
And before we sign off, we're going to play a powerful clip featuring Dr. Tina Pierce in conversation with Russell Brand, a discussion that raises serious questions about mechanism and oversight.
In this clip, Dr. Peers shares her perspective on how these injections interact with the body at a cellular level, why distribution may extend beyond initial expectations, and what she and others have observed in clinical and pathological settings.
It highlights gaps in understanding, unanswered questions, and real-world patient experiences.
Thank you for joining us tonight, and we will see you on Tuesday.
Have a good night.

[SPEAKER_05]
was one German pathologist who examined a 28-year-old man who had died 40 days after having Pfizer and he looked at the testicles and instead of finding sperm in the testicles, it was just
The way that the injections worked was that they had a code basically.
The messenger RNA was a piece of ribbon which was coded for the production of this foreign, non-human, toxic, poisonous protein.
And it didn't stay in the arm.
They said it stayed in the arm and it would be gone after a couple of days.
It actually went all over the body.
including through the blood-brain barrier, so into people's brains, and it will cross the placenta, went into fetuses, et cetera, went into previously healthy cells.
It took over the ribosomes, which is the protein-making mechanism of the cells, and it commandeered it to make this horrible poisonous spike protein.
So first of all, that ribosome is not now making the proteins that you need.
to keep your cell nice and healthy and everything in balance, right?
And instead it's making this horrible toxic stuff, which is just churning out.
Now in, for example, a one dose of Pfizer, there were 13 billion pieces of this messenger RNA, which would make trillions of spike protein in the body through the ribosomes, trillions.
We also don't know how it switched off.
There's no switch off mechanism.
So because they didn't do any studies to look at the pharmacokinetics, et cetera, there's no way of turning this off.
Now, in some people, it might just feature out.
Maybe the body gets rid of those cells that have got it in there.
We don't know.
We don't know.
So people are full of spike protein.
And the pathologists were told not to
stain any pathology samples they took with this one dye that would actually show them spike protein.
So, of course, there are always some really good people who will do what they know is right, and they will stain it with this stain, and they found that the tissues were full of spike protein.
In fact, there was one German pathologist
who examined a 28-year-old man who had died 40 days after having Pfizer and he looked at the testicles and instead of finding sperm in the testicles, it was just all spike protein.

[SPEAKER_04]
Oh my God, that's a really disgusting, barbaric, monstrous idea.
You know what I'm getting listening to you?
Is that like nothing like the kind of reckoning that's required has been undertaken.
Nothing like it.
Nothing like it.
And the world moves so quickly and information moves so quickly and people are so either reluctant or unable to take on the magnitude.
It's almost like Goebbels is, or at least the mad maxim attributed to Goebbels, the bigger the lie the more people will believe it.
It's just so sort of inconceivably dark and disgusting
thing that you're almost like, oh, I can't bother to do that too much.
I'm just going to look out the window or watch football.
It's too kind of demanding.
What was the counter argument?
What was it?
This is great because what will happen is the spike protein goes into your body and then you'll be generating these spike proteins.
And I'll tell you what they'll do is they will.
What was their argument for what it was doing?

[SPEAKER_05]
They were saying that by producing the spike protein, you're going to stimulate your antibodies.
so that next time you come across the spike protein from an infection, your body's going to go, oh, I recognize this, and your antibody response will be rapid and effective.
But it doesn't make sense, does it?
I mean, it really doesn't make sense.
If the worst part of the infection was the spike protein,
why the hell would you make people's bodies make the spike protein?
It's not rocket science to see that it's going to be causing all the pathology that the infection caused, but much worse because you've got much more of it.
Instead of 10,000 bits of spike protein from the infection, you've got trillions, literally trillions being made in your brain, in your
heart, in your lungs, everywhere and it's no great surprise that there's been so many ill people and my clinic is full of people who are really suffering.

[SPEAKER_06]
It's absolutely heartbreaking.
