[SPEAKER_00]
Michael, they don't care about us.

[SPEAKER_08]
Tonight, on VSRF Live, Leslie Manukian and Jill Hines join us to discuss the Growing Medical Freedom Act Coalition and the push to end medical mandates and restore informed consent.
Then, Attorney Rick Jaffe breaks down an emergency motion filed in federal court involving the American Academy of Pediatrics and what it could mean for the childhood immunization schedule.

[SPEAKER_06]
People say, well, if you don't get a vaccine, for instance, then you're threatening everyone else.
The problem with that line of thinking is that vaccine-induced immunity is not permanent.
The only lifelong immunity that we know of is natural immunity derived from a natural illness.
And so if you look at different vaccinations, the pertussis shot or whooping cough vaccination, within a few years, I think it's within four or five years, most individuals, something like 80% of people who took the shot don't have any residual immunity.
So how could you ever justify it on a public health basis?
Even if they did actually effectuate permanent immunity, lifelong immunity, are they perfectly healthy for every single individual?
Can you name one food, one substance, one medication that's perfectly healthy for all individuals?
Doesn't exist.

[SPEAKER_08]
Watch live Thursday night on X and Rumble.
Hello and welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm your host, Livio Sanchez, and thank you for joining us this evening.
Tonight, we're stepping into the legal and legislative battles shaping the future of medical freedom in America.
We're thrilled to welcome back Leslie Manukian, founder and president of the Health Freedom Defense Fund,
Most recently, she helped bring together a broad coalition of health freedom organizations through the Medical Freedom Act Coalition, coordinating a state-by-state campaign to roll back mandated laws and reassert informed consent.
Also joining us is Jill Hines, Director of Advocacy at Stand for Health Freedom.
Jill has been advancing Medical Freedom Acts across multiple states, working to strengthen informed consent protections
and challenge mandate frameworks at the legislative level.
Together, they'll examine how courtroom battles and statehouse reform efforts are reinforcing one another, and what that could mean nationwide.
And later, Attorney Rick Jaffe, Council for Children's Health Defense, joins us to discuss an emergency motion filed yesterday in federal court in Massachusetts.
Rick will explain why the motion was filed on an emergency basis, what the court is being asked to review, and what the potential implications could be
if a preliminary injunction moves forward without hearing from those directly impacted.
And now, without further ado, I want to bring on the founder of the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation, Steve Kirsch.
Steve, welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_07]
I'm good, Livio.
How are you?

[SPEAKER_08]
I'm doing well.
I'm doing well.
I was a little disappointed in this Moderna flu shot now being re recommend or re looked at by the, uh, is it the CDC or the FDA?
Let me see the FDA.
They're going to now agree to review their application for, uh, probably an mRNA flu vaccine that now just what the doctor ordered.
Yes, you could say that.
Yeah, so there's a lot of push and pull happening right now within this struggle to get rid of the mandates, which is why we're here tonight to discuss the legal aspects of everything and what we can do.
So I'm going to go ahead and bring.
Oh, go ahead, Steve.

[SPEAKER_07]
Great.
It's great topic.
I'm looking forward to it.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, so let's let's bring on our guests because we got a little bit of a time limit tonight.
So I'm going to bring on Leslie Manukian and Jill Hines.
How are you both doing this evening?
And thank you for being here.

[SPEAKER_06]
Fantastic.
Steve Livio.
So great to be with you.
Thank you for having me back again.

[SPEAKER_02]
I'm doing well too.
Thank you so much for having me on.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, it's nice to meet you, Jill.
I'm going to read both of your bios before we get started for those that have not heard about what your work is about.
I'm honored to welcome you both.
Leslie Manukian is founder and president of the Health Freedom Defense Fund.
Leslie is a former Wall Street executive with leadership roles at Goldman Sachs and Alliance Capital in London.
before turning her focus to health policy and constitutional rights.
She is also an award-winning documentary filmmaker.
In 2011, she wrote and produced The Greater Good, a widely recognized film exploring the vaccine debate and the broader issue of health freedom concerned about the erosion of constitutional protections and bodily autonomy.
Leslie founded the health freedom defense fund and today she leads national litigation and legislative efforts aimed at protecting informed consent and medical freedom across the country.
And we also have Jill Heinz, director of advocacy at stand for health freedom, a former banker turned homeschool mom.
Jill began researching health policy in 2010, the journey that reshaped her life.
and led her into full-time advocacy for informed consent and parental rights.
She has served in leadership roles with the Georgia Coalition for Vaccine Choice and Health Freedom Louisiana and was recognized during the COVID crisis for her constitutional advocacy.
Today, she is a plaintiff in the landmark Missouri v. Biden case addressing government censorship and continues advancing legislation nationwide
to protect the right to refuse unwanted medical interventions without fear of penalty.
So thank you both for joining us.
Before I leave, I want to remind the audience, we will be having Q&A.
So if you have questions for Leslie or Jill or Steve and Rick Jaffe, who will be joining us later, put them in the chat all caps.
All right, Steve, take it away.

[SPEAKER_07]
Okay, well, I want to start with the airlines because, Leslie, you were instrumental in taking down the masks on airlines.
And I'm curious, it was so long ago, and I'm so grateful, but I don't recall what was the
law that you said it was unconstitutional or what have you to get that policy stricken down so that people didn't have to wear masks on airplanes anymore.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, so, you know, if you read the Constitution, what it says is that the federal government is empowered to do only what is expressly delegated to the federal government.
And everything else is reserved to the states and to the people.
And the police powers are reserved to the states and chief amongst the police powers are the health powers.
And so because I had been researching vaccinations for so long, I mean, I first started researching this issue in 2001 when I even learned that there was a vaccine controversy.
I had no idea that there was anything controversial or to be debated about vaccinations.
Um, I learned that that vaccine laws are state loss and, um, you know, doing that research is what precipitated me making the movie, the greater good.
But so I'd been doing all this research.
And so when they started using the federal government to try and push these mandates on people, I just thought this can't be right because the CDC is a advisory agency.
So,
The CDC, think about it, the CDC issues what's called a recommended vaccination schedule, not a mandated schedule, because they're not empowered to mandate anything.
In fact, if you look at the Public Health Services Act of 1942, and you read what CDC is allowed to do, CDC is authorized to inspect
fumigate, disinfect, and basically evaluate the safety or contamination of animals and articles.
coming into the country and crossing state lines.
And so based on all of this, I just thought vaccination laws or state laws, the CDC's an advisory organization, that's it.
The Public Health Services Act really seriously constrains their power and authority.
And it says nothing about human beings.
And we've got to challenge this.
And so I spoke with our legal team and they thought, you know what?
You're right.
So we went and challenged it.
But I mean, at that time, you know, it was July of 2021 when we filed that lawsuit.
And I think I was the only one who really, truly believed in my heart that we were going to win.
And when I got the call from our attorney on April 18th of 2022, I was, you know, thrilled.
And he was in shock, I think, you know, we were so excited, though.

[SPEAKER_07]
And was it a federal court?
And didn't the government appeal?

[SPEAKER_06]
It did.
So yeah, we filed in the Central District of Florida in Tampa and we had a couple of plaintiffs in that area who were unable to fly or travel because one of them wanted to go on a trip to Hawaii and she's like, I can't wear a mask for all that time from Florida and someone else who had a
serious condition and she couldn't wear one and so we filed in Florida and in federal court and then we won in the district court and the judge actually struck down, vacated the CDC's order on the spot which is why people were like ripping off their masks in flight when it was announced and everybody was singing and celebrating
And then, of course, initially, the CDC and the DOJ attorneys didn't know what they were going to do.
So they had been arguing that this was an emergency, that everybody had to wear a mask.
But when we won the case, they said that they were going to have to take a few days to decide whether or not to challenge the ruling.
So we just thought that was hilarious because
If it's such an emergency, how come you don't know what to do instantly, right?
Why aren't you instantly going to appeal?
Well, they did appeal.
And then what happened was, before we even got the ruling out of the 11th Circuit, Biden rescinded the emergency.
And so everything stopped and a bunch of the cases that were in the, you know, working their way through the courts were basically just dismissed at that point.
So we never got through the appeal or anything because the emergency was rescinded and then all the cases were just decided as being unripe or moot at that point.
So, um, we did an outstanding job in oral argument.
It was so exciting to be in that courtroom, you know, in the 11th circuit.
And here, I mean, it's the first time I heard that when, um, the clerk, you know, walked in and said, uh, you know, all rise and the, the judges walk in and, um,
And then they say, you know, all rise in the proceedings, Health Freedom Defense Fund versus Joe Biden and the CDC.
It was Javier Becerra at the time.
I mean, it was just very exciting, very fun, really wonderful moment.

[SPEAKER_07]
So did Biden call you to congratulate you on your win?

[SPEAKER_06]
No, he did not.
Steve, I know that's probably hard to believe.
I think that what the administration did was beyond cynical.
They knew that we had the law on our side, as did a bunch of other cases that were making their way through the court.
And so in order to get rid of the cases, what they did was just pretend that all of a sudden the emergency was over.
They rescinded the emergency order and that stopped, you know, courts like to get rid of cases.
So then what happens is the DOJ just says everything's moot and because it's the government, then the courts just dismissed the cases.
That's what happens.
And so it's actually really awful because what we need is for these cases to be, you know, to go all the way through to the trial stage or through to the Supreme Court so that there is a final ruling.
And I don't know if it's okay if I mention this here, but, you know, we have a case against the Los Angeles Unified School District, which is now, we've petitioned the Supreme Court and the Supreme Court is going to consider in April whether or not to take the case.
And this is huge because this is a similar kind of a case about whether or not a state entity has the power or authority to force employees to take a medical intervention that is only for their own benefit.
And we, of course, argued that the COVID shots don't stop transmission or infection, and as such, they're a private medical matter, and that natural immunity is real and must be acknowledged, and that, most importantly, that even if there is a public health argument that Jacobson from 1905, this lawsuit from the Supreme Court, is actually immoral, that it doesn't apply, and that it's outdated and needs to be overturned,
And so this case, we just heard that the Supreme Court has ordered the school district, Los Angeles school district to respond to our petition.
which means that they are paying attention to it and it means that it's not going to just end up sort of in the circular file at the back of the room like the vast majority 99% of cases do.
It really seriously increases our chances that the Supreme Court is going to take the case and review this and the implications of this case are huge because
what the Ninth Circuit ruled was that basically a state entity can mandate anything it wants without any kind of judicial review as long as the court claims public health.
And they specifically said that it doesn't matter whether or not a shot stops transmission or infection.
All that matters is that a state actor could have believed
that it would help individuals.
Think about the implications of that, Steve.
It means that basically, as long as they claim that there's a public health benefit in some way, they can mandate pretty much any medical intervention they want.
So people aren't sure.

[SPEAKER_07]
Everybody gets 82 vaccines.

[SPEAKER_06]
Or what about this?
The school district decides that morale is not strong enough, and so everybody has to take Prozac.
or they decide that the teachers aren't productive enough.
And so everyone has to take ADD medications, right?
This is the implications of this ruling are so outrageous.
Or what about this?
We have declining fertility rates all over the West, right?
And there's certainly research linking this to the COVID shots.
What if they decide that the women who are fertile under the age of 35 have to carry babies for other people?
It's a public health issue.

[SPEAKER_07]
There you go.
And they have to follow orders.
Yes.

[SPEAKER_06]
So this case is so, so important.
And I really am very optimistic.
I believe since the beginning that it was going to make history.
And I still believe that.
And now learning just about two weeks ago now, I think it was two weeks ago that the Supreme court issued what's called a call for response.
That really encourages me.
It seriously increases our chances that they're going to take the case.

[SPEAKER_07]
the Supreme Court as in the U.S. Supreme Court or the?

[SPEAKER_06]
Yes, the U.S. Supreme Court.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah.
It's huge, Steve.

[SPEAKER_06]
Really huge.

[SPEAKER_07]
Nice.
Yeah.
Very nice.
Yeah.
And what's the cost for these cases, for the airlines case?
Like how much did you have to raise fund or whatever to do that case and the LA case?
What's the?

[SPEAKER_06]
So the mask mandate case, and let me just say that that affected not just air travelers, but buses, trains, anyone who went through a terminal or station or airport or anything.
It affected everybody nationwide who was going through any of those places and, you know, in transit.
That case cost half a million dollars.
And it was worth every single penny.

[SPEAKER_07]
Could the FAA have decided to mandate masks rather than the CDC because the FAA can regulate customer behavior on airlines, right?
So couldn't they have done it?
Could that have been their backup plan?

[SPEAKER_06]
I don't think so.
So I haven't done a deep dive on this, but I don't think so because while they can regulate behavior and in order to ensure safety, they can't.
So, you know, someone who's drunk or someone who's aggressive or, you know, being, you know, misbehaving on the plane, they can regulate that.
What they can't do is dictate private medical choices.
They have zero authority to act as a physician or to intervene into people's personal medical choices.
And the CDC just assert that.
They pretended that they had that power and authority, which they did not have.
And then when we challenged it, they then said, oh, actually, it was sanitation.
It was a sanitation measure.
So I don't know how the FAA could possibly justify it.
And let's be very clear that the CDC never, ever justified its mandate initially.
It just said because of public health.
They never had any rationale for it until we challenged.
And then afterwards, they said, well, it says fumigate, inspect, disinfect, and sanitize.
This is a sanitation policy.
That's what this is about.
So it was a completely post hoc attempt to try and shoehorn in their rationale.
And the court wasn't having anything, any of it.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah.
So, uh, Jill, were you involved in this at all?
Or, um, was, was that?

[SPEAKER_02]
Oh, no, I was just an innocent bystander on all of those lawsuits that I was doing.
But I have to say, uh, my, our state attorney general here in Louisiana texted me that ruling, um, in the Louisiana and the LA, uh, school district.
When that came down, she was excited about it too.
So it is a huge ruling.
The the call for response you mean, right?
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
Any court watcher will tell you that this increases your chances exponentially that the Supreme Court is going to take your case because it absolutely assures that.
So basically what's happened is they pretended that they, you know, they just acted like, oh, you know, we don't have to care about this.
So they waved their right.
And then.
Two weeks later, the court issued a call for response, which says specifically you have to respond.
So they basically ordered the school district to respond and they gave them the extended it from March 9th to April 9th.
And then we have around 10 days to respond to that.
And then after that, there will be what are called conferences and this call for response.
assures that our case will actually be one of the few dozen cases that are actually considered during those conferences.
Most cases never even get considered.
And so it's a very, very positive sign.
And you know how hard it's been to get any of these.
Now, ours isn't just a COVID case, right?
This is about, does the government have the authority to dictate your medical treatment?
That's what this is really about.
And people try to pigeonhole and say it's only about vaccines.
It's not.
This is about whether or not you have a liberty interest in denying unwanted medical treatment.
That's what it's about.
And there are certainly many members of the Supreme Court right now.
who believe that we all have a vested liberty interest in refusing unwanted medical intervention.
So I think that this is literally the issue of our day and that the justices know that.
And there's another aspect of this, which is really important to consider.
And that's the Dobbs case, right?
So the Dobbs case was the case that overturned
Roe v. Wade.
And what the more conservative justices argued was that basically it was very controversial because the leftist judges said, oh, you don't care about bodily autonomy and personal rights and liberties.
This is just political for you.
So I think that this, our case, is an opportunity for those more conservative justices to show that actually we do care about liberty.
It wasn't just the abortion issue.
We actually care about personal liberties and we have a long and storied history of this.
In fact, it was common law before we ever had a constitution that you don't ever force medical interventions on someone else.
And if you think about it, unwanted touching is considered an assault or a battery.
And yet it's somehow acceptable to force people to take medical interventions that they don't want.
Like this is insane.
And so I think it's
very, very promising.
And I think that it's also very interesting with this Dobbs decision, are the leftist judges now going to be defending against liberty?
How are they going to, you know, thread that needle that they want bodily autonomy when it comes to abortion, but not when it comes to any other medical intervention?
Like, how do you, how do you square that?

[SPEAKER_07]
I don't think you do.
You have to talk out on both sides of your mouth, right?

[SPEAKER_06]
Very much so.
Very much so.

[SPEAKER_07]
The defendant in that case is the L.A. U.S.D.
or?

[SPEAKER_06]
Yes.
I mean, it's the superintendent and, you know, but that changes.
So it was it originally started out as, oh my gosh, what was his name now?
I'm forgetting the person's name, the first school superintendent when we first sued, but now it's Carvalho.
But it's basically it's the Los Angeles Unified School District and then the people who lead it.

[SPEAKER_07]
And so is anybody else sort of joining in to help them like anybody from like the government of California to help them defend the case?

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, what's interesting is that when the en banc panel overturned in the Ninth Circuit, the three judge panel that had ruled in our favor, the school district organized about 20 attorneys general to come in on their side.
Okay.
So they had 20 some attorneys general who signed a, um, who submitted at what's called an amicus brief, which is a friend of the court brief.
Well, we had, I think 12 or 13 attorneys general come in on our side at the Supreme court.

[SPEAKER_07]
Wow.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, led by Attorney General Ken Paxton.
Thank you, Attorney General Paxton.
Thank you so very much.
He basically organized this, coordinated it all, and I think he was joined by 12 other states.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, I was going to ask you how you managed to coordinate 13 states to speak out in support.
And so I guess did he reach out to you or did you reach out to him?
I mean, how did you make that connection?

[SPEAKER_06]
Um, he actually, uh, contacted our attorneys and said that he was going to, you have to actually get permission from both, both parties, um, basically advise them and then get permission that you're going to come in as enemy, uh, a friend, you know, and, um, submit an amicus.
And so he alerted us to that.
And then he went and organized with all these other attorneys general to have them all sign on.

[SPEAKER_07]
So, wow, that's awesome.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
It's really exciting.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_07]
So Jill, are you involved in any of this or how are you spending your time?

[SPEAKER_02]
I'm not a part of any of Leslie's lawsuits.
My lawsuits are separate from that.
They originated through the state of Louisiana and Missouri when we sued the Biden administration on speech.

[SPEAKER_06]
Let me just say, Steve, can I just say why it's so important that Jill is here today is because
Last year, you will recall in April 4th, the governor of Idaho signed the Idaho Medical Freedom Act.
And that was a bill that I wrote.
And then ultimately got passed with my two very, very dear friends and colleagues, Misty Carlfeld and Sarah Clan Denon of Health Freedom Idaho, who've been boots on the ground in Idaho for years along with me.
And after that, what happened was tons and tons of people were coming up to me at conferences and saying,
We want to help.
How do we get involved?
We want to help.
We want to do this in other states.
And so Jill and Leah Wilson, who's the executive director of Stanford Health Freedom and I, we collaborated for months and months.
I said, you guys, we got to team up and work on this together.
HFDF, my organization, Health Freedom Defense Fund, is a 501c3.
Stanford Health Freedom is a C4, meaning that they are able to go and do a lot of lobbying and advocacy work, whereas C3s are limited in what they can do.
But Jill is an unbelievable genius when it comes to writing legislation.
She is fantastic.
She's so wonderful and gifted at wordsmithing and helping and so we work to take the Idaho bill and create a perfect model medical freedom act and as all these people were telling me that they wanted to join I thought you know what this is the time.
This is the issue of our day and this is the time all these organizations have never wanted to team up before and now they do.
So let's bring, you know, all these people together and we're going to flex our collective muscle the way that the other side has been doing to us for decades.
And so we have about 15 organizations who are working, who are all involved with advocacy and things like this, who are working to try and get the Medical Freedom Act passed
in many other states and we've had it introduced in whole or in part in a version of it in about 10 states so far and there are more states that are coming.
So Jill is the representative from Stanford Health Freedom who's responsible for all of their, I think she's their legislative director and she's just fantastic.
And so this is a collaboration, the Medical Freedom Coalition is a collaboration between HFDF and Stanford Health Freedom.
And Jill is just fantastic and so unbelievably, I'm so grateful to her for all of her work and support and her wisdom.

[SPEAKER_02]
Uh, you are too kind Leslie.
Thank you so much.

[SPEAKER_07]
So, so, so, Jill, could you summarize the, um, medical freedom act for us?
Like what does it allow people to do?
Like what, what did it change?
And how is, how is the reaction being, uh, since it passed?
It's only passed in one state, right?

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, uh, Idaho passed the Idaho medical freedom act in 2025 and we've modeled
this Medical Freedom Act that we're introducing across the country now after the 2025 bill that they passed in Idaho.
And so I can summarize it for you in one sentence, and that is that no one and no government has the right to mandate a medical intervention.
And so the Medical Freedom Act attacks three areas.
It attacks government, it prohibits government from mandating medical interventions,
schools and businesses, because once again, no one and no government has the right to mandate a medical intervention.

[SPEAKER_07]
How hard was this to get passed?
Because as we all know, vaccines are safe and effective and save tens of millions of lives.
So how did you get this passed in Idaho?
How was that done?

[SPEAKER_06]
You know, Steve, I think a lot of it was God, frankly, but it's also literally more than 15 years of work to basically develop relationships with legislators to
Let them know that we are trustworthy, what we're doing, what we say to them.
We can, you know, it's verifiable.
It's that we are reliable when we give them information that they know that we're not just saying things that are ridiculous, right?
That we actually have research science on our side and can back up everything we're saying.
And I say that because, I mean, I first started talking about vaccines to the Idaho legislature
in 2008 or 2009.
I think that was the first time I ever presented or spoke in front of the legislature.
And so this has been going on for a long time, right?
And then you have the schools have been defying the laws for years.
So in Idaho, it said that the statute said that all you had to do was sign a piece of paper that said that my child is exempt for religious or other reasons signed Leslie Manukian.
That's it.
That's all you have to do and submit that on a piece of paper.
The school districts were lying, taking out newspaper articles
and or advertisements saying that vaccines are mandatory.
That's it.
They weren't telling people that you don't have to do them in the state of Idaho.
And they were then coercing parents.
They were doing all these things.
They were making them sign a form that incriminates them, that basically says, I recognize it by giving my child the measles vaccination.
I'm endangering my child's life, right?
They do all these things.
And we have been showing them over the years what they are doing in order to expose just how
how dishonest they are, right?
How unreliable and dishonest they are.
And then, so we've been doing this and building up a reputation over many, many years, and then you fast forward to 2020.
And we are telling them, you guys, this is not what you think.
This is not what you think.
Well, the legislature went along with most everything, unbelievably.
They did not stand out, but you know what?
Let me tell you, the Idaho legislature woke up like you cannot believe.
And what happened was many people, I know people who lost their jobs, you know what?
They ran for the legislature.
One of them is a senator now.
I know someone else.
He couldn't believe, he found out that they were trying to actually push the COVID shot on students at the either middle school or high school and do it without parental knowledge or consent in a school just outside of Boise.
And he found out about it and he was just like, are you serious?
And so he ran.
And, um, and he was our bill sponsor last year in the house.
And so my, and then I'm just telling you, I've met so many other legislators during this whole process who have family members and friends who were injured.
You have all these people who have woken up.
I've talked to people who are high up in the Idaho state government who have grandchildren who were injured by the shots.
Um, there aren't so everybody knows somebody and I couldn't believe it.
When I started presenting to the Senate State Affairs Committee last year, I was shocked because I presented, I gave my presentation for like 15 minutes and then I stood for questions.
And as I was answering the questions, some of the senators started intervening and pushing back to the other senators who were asking questions and saying, the government lied.
That's what they were saying.
So I really think that
what happened during COVID, the overreach, the authoritarianism, it was so egregious that it woke up the legislatures in Idaho, the legislators.
and the grassroots and people are not taking anymore.
And so what happened was that during the whole process of getting the bill passed last year, remember the governor vetoed it the first time.
And then both the house and the Senate brought back competing bills and basically forced his hand.
And we bombarded him with thousands and thousands of phone calls and emails.
And we were hearing that the governor's office was getting super, super frustrated.
And so I think the power of the people prevailed and also COVID
They really blew it, basically.
Talk about an unforced heir.
The powers that be committed, the grossest and unforced heir during the COVID era.
And it served to wake up more people than my movie or anything else has in the last 20 years.
So I think that's why people are ready for this.

[SPEAKER_07]
When did the bill pass?
April 4th of 2025.
Okay, so by now then millions and millions of people will have died because of that bill because they didn't get vaccinated and they weren't forced to get vaccinated and so forth.
Does the state health department like have a list of all the people that died as a result of this bill passing?
Does anybody talk about that?
Is there any paper written on, oh my gosh, you know, it's like the masks on the airlines.
When the masks were suddenly not required to be worn by people on an airline,
Where were the deaths that happened?
I mean, surely that would have caused COVID rates to skyrocket and all this, and that never happened.
In fact, it probably went the other way.
Do you know what happened actually after the mandates ceased?
Did the COVID rates actually go down?

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, they certainly didn't go up, Steve, but I don't know if they just trailed off or what happened.
I don't think that just the mandates on airplanes would have been sufficient to see, removing that would have been sufficient to see a big decline, but it's possible.
I just, I haven't actually looked at that data.
I just think that everything was trending down and it was just, it was farcical, but just the same way that they didn't say that they were going to appeal right away when that was struck down,
They didn't, you know, they didn't try and publish any science.
They didn't show any data about how the, you know, rescission of the mandate had accelerated COVID cases or deaths.
There was nothing like that.
And what's happening in Idaho, the only thing that's happening is that there's been reported a case of measles and
There.

[SPEAKER_07]
Oh, a case of measles.
Holy moly.
I know.
Front page news.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, when I was a kid, measles was just like normal part of childhood.
I remember watching the measles episode on the Brady Bunch.
You know, that was like one of my favorite childhood shows.
And we're going to stay home.
It was my siblings and I flew on an airplane with a chickenpox.
No one cared.
No one cared.
Everyone was, oh, look at those kids.
They've all got chickenpox.
Now it's like a reportable, quarantineable disease.
It's like so ridiculous.
But what they're doing, and we just got something from, I forget which medical association it was, but something was just submitted to the committee.
So let me just say, last year, when we got this done, there were, we carved out
folks who work for medical institutions that take CMS funds, Medicare and Medicaid funding.
That was because HHS used to require those institutions to report on vaccination rates and tied funding to it, okay?
but also because there was a Supreme Court case in 2022 that said that the COVID shots could be mandated.
Remember the same day they said that COVID shots could be mandated for recipients of CMS funds, but they couldn't be mandated by businesses with more than 99 employees.
Those two came out on the same day.
And so we were nervous that we would be running afoul of that Supreme Court case and HHS by
by saying that CMS recipients couldn't mandate for their employees.
And so we didn't do it.
And also because St. Luke's is the largest
private healthcare private employer in the state of Idaho the hospital systems and so this year we're removing that and what's happened is so the bills been introduced has been printed and it's I believe it's going to be heard in the House Health and Welfare Committee next week we don't have a date yet but I'm very excited about this and we're going to strike that line that says that recipients of CMS funds
are excluded.
We're going to remove that carve out.
And just today, or might have been yesterday morning, we got an email that the legislature got an email about how dangerous it is that people can't be making these choices for themselves.
And that's what they argued, that people are too dumb to know.
And we also are going to remove the, we're going to change the vaccine registry from an opt out to an opt in, because every single time you go to the doctor, they put you back in, even if you've opted out before.
So we're gonna get rid of that and they're like parents need to have this information and they basically said that parents are too dumb to basically know the difference between opting in and opting out that's what they essentially said so this is what they do they just manufacture whatever is necessary in order to try and make their talking points but.
we can refute them very easily and I'm very confident that we will prevail.
And the last thing I will say on this is that the daycares, there are rumors, we're starting to hear reports that the daycares are not honoring the law, the Medical Freedom Act.

[SPEAKER_07]
What a surprise.

[SPEAKER_06]
So I know, isn't it shocking?
So we are going to remove the code that says anything about the school and daycare mandates.
So there is zero ambiguity
that the Medical Freedom Act is what prevails.
The Medical Freedom Act controls everything that happens in the state of Idaho.
So we're gonna get rid of all of that.
And I'm super excited because like I said, I think we should have a hearing next week and I'm very confident that it will make it out of that committee and it will pass the House and then it will go to the Senate.

[SPEAKER_07]
What was the margin for the original bill passing?
Was it like razor thin or was it pretty substantial?

[SPEAKER_06]
We had a super majority in the House, Steve.
And we had a sizable majority in the Senate.

[SPEAKER_07]
That's awesome.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, it wasn't a super majority last year, but I kind of think we might get it this year.
especially with all the stuff coming out, the Epstein files, the lies.
Did you see that the Atlantic fabricated a story about measles last week and pretended it was reporting about a baby dying from the measles?

[SPEAKER_07]
Oh my gosh.
Who would have thought the Atlantic of all publications?

[SPEAKER_06]
So I just think all this stuff is coming out about how bad the situation is, you know, anyway.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah.
Okay, so Jill, what's the update on Missouri v. Biden?
What's what's going on?

[SPEAKER_02]
We're still waiting on Missouri v. Biden.

[SPEAKER_07]
We were anticipating some kind of probably want to want to summarize it for people who because it was it was a while ago.

[SPEAKER_02]
Right.

[SPEAKER_07]
It's a censorship case.
So give us the details.

[SPEAKER_02]
It was it.
Yes, it was initially filed back in 2022.
So it's been ongoing for several years now.
And so we're still waiting.
We anticipated some kind of resolution last summer because of Trump's executive order ending all of the censorship networks.
And we still haven't heard anything.
And, of course, I still have the other lawsuit, too.
Heinz v. Stamos, where we're suing the Third Parties Atlantic Stanford Internet Observatory Graphica.
We're suing all of the Third Parties that actually initiated or did the censoring.

[SPEAKER_07]
So we still don't know then whether the government can basically censor people through emails and so forth to social media companies.
That is unknown.

[SPEAKER_02]
There's no resolution.

[SPEAKER_07]
It's still unknown.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_07]
There you go.

[SPEAKER_02]
Unfortunately, we again, we had anticipated something last summer and we're still in the holding pattern and all that.

[SPEAKER_07]
How long do you think it'll be before we have a resolution?

[SPEAKER_02]
Oh, I have no idea.
Maybe this summer?
We'll see.

[SPEAKER_07]
Keep our fingers crossed.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yes.
And of course, they found one of the reasons the Supreme Court didn't enforce the injunction when we went before them in March of 24 was they didn't have, supposedly they didn't have proof that they had directly
took down my post.
There was no proof that the government actually, someone requested them to take down my post.
And since then, of course, we found it in a congressional hearing.
There's a report that has all of the tickets, they call them tickets, asking people, asking these third parties to look at post.
They found a post of mine from Health Freedom Louisiana and another grassroots effort that I started called Reopen Louisiana.
And I actually have screenshots, you know, in my Google photos of where I took screenshots of where the posts were taken down.
I put a post up saying, you know, they've taken down another post.
Make sure that you're following me here or there.
So we have proof, we have standing at this point, which they said that we didn't earlier.
So I don't know when the resolution will be, hopefully sometime soon.

[SPEAKER_07]
Good.
All right, let's bring on Rick Jaffee.
Thank you very much, Leslie and Jill.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, let me add Rick to the conversation now.
Here we go.
Hello there.
Welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you doing this evening?

[SPEAKER_09]
Pretty good.
Pretty good.
Can you hear me?

[SPEAKER_08]
Yes.
Loud.
Very good.

[SPEAKER_09]
That's always a good start.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.
Sound is important.
Before we get started, I want to read your bios for our audience.
Rick is a longtime trial attorney and constitutional litigator who has represented clients in complex federal cases across the country.
He serves as counsel for Children's Health Defense and has been involved in significant litigation challenging federal vaccine policy and agency authority.
He has filed and argued cases addressing vaccine mandates, administrative rulemaking, and government oversight, and most recently filed an emergency motion in federal court in Massachusetts seeking intervention in ongoing litigation involving the American Academy of Pediatrics.
And great to see you again.
Thank you for coming on for this important update.

[SPEAKER_09]
Thank you very much for having me.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, so you and I have something in common.
We're both great fans of the American Academy of Pediatrics, aren't we?

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, what's your story?
How are you?

[SPEAKER_07]
Well, they're so corrupt.
I mean your lawsuit pointed it out so for for background Rick filed this incredible lawsuit against the AAP so that instead of it being these organizations on the offense
Now they're put on the defense.
And basically, Rick had a bunch of novel legal theories that we think are very sound.
And he put all these things together.
And so we have a real good chance of, I guess the remedy would be to silence AAP, right?
or dismantle the organization?
I mean, like, what do you hope will come out of this lawsuit against the AAP?

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, you know, who knows?
But the answer is the first thing is to get the word out.
So the novelty is that we sued the AAP under a federal racketeering statute.
And that, you know, a lot of people think that would be kind of a bold move or.

[SPEAKER_07]
Rico, right?

[SPEAKER_09]
Rico.
So, well, let me just tell you the story.
All right, because there's a story here and I'll make it short.
This Rico suit is really only one, is one of three or four cases we filed in the last year.
So it started that in one case kind of leads to the other.
And it's sort of an interesting story.
So back in mid-April, remember, there's all this talk about removing the COVID shot for kids from the schedule.
So there's a lot of talk about that.
Kennedy talked about it.
Some of the ASAP people talked about it.
But, you know, to me, everyone's doing a lot of hand-ring, but no one's taking any action.
So I just thought, it's just ridiculous.
This is two and a half years after the pandemic.
And, you know, and then the notion that they're giving it to kids, it was just crazy because there was never, never any clinical data showing that it would actually have a clinical benefit.

[SPEAKER_07]
So the- Data, who needs data?
This is, you know, this is 2026 now.

[SPEAKER_09]
We don't need data.
So the point is, so there was a doctor who lost her pediatric practice because she wouldn't order the COVID shot.
And she just, they took away all of her 1,900 Medicaid patients.
So I ended up suing for her in mid April.

[SPEAKER_07]
Who is this?

[SPEAKER_09]
It's Samaric Cardenas out in California.
Okay.
Cardenas versus Manaras in mid April.
And because of all the hand ring, you know, I think I was just really reading the tea leaves.
I don't think I caused anything, but I think I was reading the tea leaves the end of May
Kennedy announces that he's taking the COVID shot for kids and pregnant women, not moving it to shared decision-making, which I had asked, just kicked it off the schedule.
So as a direct result of Kennedy's action, the AAP sued Kennedy to reverse that.
That was in July.
So then I decided once I figured out this shared decision-making thing and start doing some research,
It seemed to me that, you know, a lot of European countries have only shared decision-making.
And for them, it's even more important because those European countries actually do the mandates, unlike America, where you have a bifurcation between what the CDC recommends and the mandates, which are matter-of-state law.
So at the end of mid-August, I decided to go for the gold, which is I filed Thomas versus Menorris, Paul Thomas of, you know, the Vaxxed on Vaxx study fame.
found that suit in order to move all childhood vaccines, the remaining 17 to share decision making.
And that was, you know, that was kind of a bold move.
And I had a theory and my theory was, and I like to have, I like simple.
I'm not a complicated guy.
I want simple.
So the fact of the matter is, which I did not know, even though I'm in the field, I did not know that the Institute of Medicine, the government's advisor, scientific advisor had twice recommended
that they do some kind of vaxed, unvaxed analysis, not a prospective study, but an analysis of existing data from some of the data sources, like the vaccine safety database, all right?
And they said that in 2002, nothing happened.
And they said that in 2013.
So I thought that was pretty interesting.
And it seemed to me that I don't understand how you could recommend 72 medical interventions
when no one's ever studied the net harm or benefit of those 72.
It's baffling, isn't it?
It's crazy because, you know, okay, this vaccine is supposedly safe.
That's vaccine safe.
They talk about post-marketing surveys, but, you know, I represented this guy for 27 years.
for 25 years they went after him because what he did is he took five drugs together that have never been tested together and he gave it to people and I spent 20 years defending this guy for that because you couldn't put five drugs together to give the one people but you can do 72.
In environmental medicine there's no part of medicine where you can give combination therapy and not test the combination.
It's insane.
So that was the basis of
the Manaras, the Thomas lawsuit.
So then what happened in December?

[SPEAKER_07]
How's that going, by the way?

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, they're going to move, you know, I mean, they're going to move to dismiss tomorrow.
They're going to try to dismiss the case we're going to.

[SPEAKER_07]
tomorrow.

[SPEAKER_09]
So that's right.
That's what they're supposed to do, I guess.
That's the government.
You know, I'm an anti-government lawyer.
So the fact that Kennedy's there, but he's now part of the government.
So I guess I'm an anti-county lawyer now.
So Menorris, so we follow this Thomas case.
And then in December, they decide to move Hep B to share decision making, or at least for women who test positive, who test negative for the disease.
So then, as you know, in January, the AAP amends its lawsuit to challenge Kennedy for that.
So then, in January 6th, as you know, O'Neill announced that he's moving five more vaccines to share decision-making.
So what did the AAP do?
They moved to amend the Fourth Amendment complaint to challenge that as well.
and then they start move for a preliminary injunction.
So, and then I filed the next thing I did in sequence in effect is...

[SPEAKER_07]
But they have standing to do that by the way.
Do you think they have to file that lawsuit?
Does AAPF standing to do that?

[SPEAKER_09]
I can give you the long answer or the short answer.
What's the short answer?
The short answer is probably not.
The reason I have to say probably because the same
The same case that tomorrow the government's going to use against me is the case that the government tried to use in a peace case.
But the judge, you know, I don't want to say didn't follow the law because that might be, but let's, he took an interpretation of law that I am going to use in my Washington case and we'll see who's right and wrong.
But there's an argument to be made.
that in light of this birth control pill case, Alliance for Hippocratic Medicine, that they've knocked out organizational standing.
You can no longer supposedly spend your way to standing, is basically the principle the Supreme Court said, which is what the AP is saying it's doing, it's spending its way to standing.
So arguably that's gone.
We'll see what happens.
So maybe they don't have standing.
So then I file my RICO case,
against AAP on the 21st and that, you know, that put a lot of information out there that no one really had.
So I think from a PR point of view, I mean, it just told about all what we think of the lies, what we legend the lies that AAP is telling.
But so what happened with what you don't know since the last time we've been on.
So the lawyers have contacted us and they said, look, it's a big complaint.
You know, it's 55 pages.
So we want two months to to respond to it said, OK, that's fine.
That's reasonable.
That took me four months to write it.
They can have two months to to to respond.
So the point is that case won't get to the judge's desk probably until July or August.
So then what happened is I start following more closely the AAP case against Kennedy.
And then what I realized is, and so I wasn't paying too much attention to that, but then I saw that they're going to move for plumber and junction.
And then the government filed his papers on February 9th.
You know, it's the government.
What can I say?
The government's position is they're protecting the institution.
So their defense of the case was, I mean, they put in like 70 declarations from doctors and they took all the harm and all that kind of stuff and they just really blew up the record and made a substantive case.
My interpretation of the government's case is, well, you know, the government has a lot of power and Kennedy has a lot of discretion and he can do what he wants.
Now, that's my, you know, summary of it.
Now, as an anti-government lawyer, I don't think that's much of a defense.
You know, well, he has discretion to do it.
You know, there was no real, in my view, there wasn't really much of a discussion of the merits.
And you understand some of the reason I told you about all these cases is Cardenas, the first case sort of worked out pretty well because, you know, the COVID shot was removed from the schedule.
I'm trying to move the rest of the vaccines to share decision-making.
So what these guys are going to do, they're moving Bill and Miriam Junction, they're going to undo everything I've been trying to do in the last year.
It's like I've wasted all my time.
And they're just going to take a step backward.
And if they win,
You know, arguably the new administration's agenda is going to get knee-capped because if they get an injunction, then of course there'll be an appeal and they'll just tie it up and run the clock out for the next two years.
That's the game plan.
That's the game plan.
So and then maybe the government's going to appeal and maybe they'll get it dismissed a year or two down the road.
But then where's the agenda going?
Where's the shared decision making going?
Where's the new ACP doing that stuff?
So what I decided to do, I decided, look, it's well and good that I sue for racketeering, but right now the game in town is in Massachusetts.
So, you know, I originally was going to have some big complaint and all that, but what I realized that's going to happen is, you know, there was a hearing on Friday and then the judge asked for some supplemental materials to be filed on Wednesday.
And then what I finally realized is that,
that they were trying to stop the ASAP meeting that was scheduled for Wednesday, for this Wednesday.
That's what we're going to do.
And then it finally hit me over the weekend.
Man, this judge is going to rule on the injunction hearing, you know, before Wednesday.
So I got this case in Rico that, you know, sometime next year, late summer is going to be interesting, but it's not, that's not the play.
So what I decided to do is I, from a practical point of view, I stuffed all of the plaintiffs in the RICO case and made an emergency motion to intervene in that case as a party because, you know, they're talking about, they have Jane Doe's who pregnant doctors apparently that had to drive six miles to get the COVID shot.
And they spent gas and they weren't sure they were gonna get the COVID shot.
And Mike, I got three dead kids from two mothers because they got this catch up schedule.
You know, one kid got
12 antigens, you know, six vaccines.
So I have dead children.
That's literally what I said.
So it says, you know, and they said, why don't you follow Amicus brief?
You know, we're not some organ just some organization, you know, who is theoretical.
I mean, we have we have children that died.
We have doctors who have lost their licenses and we have CHT that speaks for a lot of these COVID injury injured plaintiffs.
So so so parties.
So that's what we decided to do.
So
You know, it's probably the fastest set of papers I've ever done.
It's like a hundred pages in four days.
And you know, this is, but this is the fourth or fifth case I've done on it.
So I'm getting pretty good at it.
I think so we'll see what happens.
So he followed this emergency set of motion papers yesterday, the government and the other side of respondent law.
I got in and I'm not even admitted up there.
So within an hour or two, the judge admitted to me pro hoc.
And then the interesting thing that just happened today is, for whatever reason, it was announced that the ACIP meeting will not go forward next week.
Really?
That's the breaking news.
And what happened apparently was that
There is a on these all this administrative stuff.
There's a notice and comment period.
So it's either a week or two weeks.
It's unclear.
So they they missed the one week or two week deadline.

[SPEAKER_07]
Oh, so it has nothing to do with the lawsuit.

[SPEAKER_09]
I can't say that.
I mean, one could argue, you know, I mean, I mean, it's possible that maybe that was a consideration.
I don't I don't know.
I'm on the outside, but the bottom line is so
What's happened now is the government has notified the judge that the meeting is not going to go forward.
Now, this injunction hearing that took place on Friday was to consider two things, was moving back from 11 to 18 recommended, and the second part was stopping this
this meeting right now there's no not even a date yet for the new meeting so what i'm thinking now what happened but they have to stop it just in case well well so so the point is the question now is going to be is the judge going to issue a decision on the preliminary injunction motion because where we are right now i think i've made the substantive case
that one would have hoped the government would have made, but they didn't because they protect the institution, the power to act.
They didn't really defend the changes.
I mean, that they were necessary.
They just said, hey, we can do what we want.
So I think I tried to put in the case to be made that the schedule, and especially the ketchup schedule, is killing kids.
And the judge has to know that.
And what we basically said is, before the judge makes a decision, he should know the names of the kids that have died.
Just a couple of names have died having this catch-up schedule.
And so, you know, we'll see.
I believe the judge has read the papers.
I think that we answered the question.
And it turns out that one question that the judge wanted to know, he wanted to know what the legal effect is
would be of moving these vaccines from recommended to shared decision making, and because it wasn't in any of the papers.
So it just so happens, I wrote what's considered to be a pretty good blog on that at the end of December, which basically shows that number one,
all of the vaccines on the shared decision-making will still be available and insurance companies will still pay for.
So there's no practical effect in terms of access to the drug or payment for the drug.
And that's really the whole BOLA wax.
And if there's not going to be
any change in that, then from a legal point of view, it's going to be mighty hard for them to argue irreparable injury.

[SPEAKER_01]
How are they arguing?

[SPEAKER_09]
Here's the other thing.
Here's the point which I just begged the government to make they didn't make.
And this is really it shows what this what these guys are really about.
So they filed this case in the district of Massachusetts.
So what Kennedy did, these guys did is they moved it from immunization against 18 diseases to 11.
Now, what these geniuses on the other side apparently didn't realize in the state where they filed the case, Massachusetts only mandates nine immunization against nine diseases.
for K-6 and 10 for older kids, 7-12.

[SPEAKER_07]
Oh my gosh, they're putting all those kids at risk?

[SPEAKER_09]
You know, I don't see the lawsuits against the Massachusetts Department of Public Health.
Yeah, where are they?
Where are the lawsuits?

[SPEAKER_07]
How long have they been doing that?

[SPEAKER_09]
What we caught them is, you had all these AAP guys coming up and women saying that
we're gonna have to open up new pediatric hospitals for all the people that aren't all the kids there should be suing massachusetts even in massachusetts but massachusetts they do less so in my view makes no sense it's just it's just that is not and again i just think it was a lawyer it's not sensible for the judge to deny the motion because you have to show a likely to discuss on the merits
and essentially a reprobable injury.
So how can there be a reprobable injury where if the guy has kids, the state where his go, only recommend nine vaccines?
So that we needed to put that information.

[SPEAKER_07]
How long have they only been recommending nine vaccines?
I mean, that should be criminal.
They should be put in jail for only recommending nine vaccines instead of all scheduled.
Can you imagine how many lives they're putting at risk?
How long has that been on the books, Rick?

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, I don't know that, but what I can tell you is,
Massachusetts has one of the lowest death rates of childhood death rates in the country.

[SPEAKER_07]
Oh my gosh, we need to change that.

[SPEAKER_09]
With nine and ten, you know, so there's no correlation between, this has the highest, so what I show, what this does is in the Rigo case, I have a section called false alarmism, how these guys just make pretend that death
by the millions is going to happen and and in the very state they're so in they have they've they have I think Alan Rhode Island they have the least least death rate of children right country with
nine or ten vaccines.
So to me, that's like queuing the end of the story.

[SPEAKER_07]
We will find out if critical thinking is alive and well on the bench.

[SPEAKER_09]
We'll see that.
The other thing is the guy made a point, he was not happy about the fact that he had to make a decision so quickly.
So what I'm hoping he's going to do is now that the government has said we're not going forward here, there's no reason
you know, for the judge to have to decide now so quickly.
There's another hearing, I think, on March 4th.
What you ought to do is roll the case over.
In one sense, I kind of hope he makes the decision now because I put in my own hundred pages with declarations and stories about these mothers who have lost their kids and the doctors and all that.
And I put in all the showing there's no harm.
The other side hasn't responded.
So we've already made our case.
They haven't.
But in fairness, you know, I think what the judge should do.
So if they want to decide now, do it.
I think I said what I have to say.
And I think I made the case for the community and the judge will either make a decision or but I don't see how he can stop a federal hearing.
that's not going forward unless he's going to say whatever the future hearing is.
So I think what's happened is that things may slow down a bit.
And we'll see.
So everything's up in the air.
We're literally waiting for the judge to see what he's going to do with the new information that we gave that somehow he's got to set some time frame for our motion.
And he's got to decide whether he has to decide based on the fact that there's no meeting next week.

[SPEAKER_07]
Great.
All right, I have to jump.
I'm late for an event, so I need to jump, but Livio will take over for me.
So thank you, Leslie.
Thank you, Jill.
Thank you, Rick, again, for fighting for us and keeping them honest and on their toes.
It's so awesome what you guys are all doing.
You guys are all doing great work.
Thank you so much.

[SPEAKER_08]
Thank you, Steve.
Enjoy the rest of your evening.
I want to tie in, Rick, so the outcome of this is going to be tomorrow, where this decision is going to be made?

[SPEAKER_09]
Oh, I don't know.
I mean, all I know is the judge understood that if there was going to be a meeting starting Wednesday, he had to make the decision prior to Wednesday.
And he wanted all the paperwork, the supplemental paperwork he asked for to be delivered, to be filed by 5 p.m. yesterday.
So he's got all this paperwork, what he does with it, you know, maybe issues, decision, maybe, you know, I don't know what it's going to join the next meeting that's not scheduled, maybe, I mean, who knows.
So it's kind of up in the air because of this, this new, new, new, new loose end where they basically decided not to go forward with the meeting.

[SPEAKER_08]
And what's the worst case scenario if it goes against HHS?

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, I mean, you know, it's gonna kneecap the program.
I mean, so let's say worst case scenario, he says that, and there's a whole big thing about Siri is some declaration that Siri's people were calling up people, you know, and trying to, you know, stack the ASIP thing with anti-vaxxers and all that.
So it's a little messy.
So what could he do?
He could say no more ASIP meetings.
And then he could say,
We're going back to from 11 to 18 recommended shots.
So I think that's the relief they're requesting in the injunction hearing.
So I guess that's worst case scenario, but of course if he does that, I think that sometimes I think that maybe that's what the government wants because circling back to what we were talking about before,
There's a very good case to be made that the judge should have dismissed the case on standing grounds, on organizational standing grounds.
But the problem is, you can't appeal a denial of a motion to dismiss.
So what the government did correctly, they raised the issue again in the preliminary injunction motion.
And that means the good and the bad news for the government is that if the injunction is granted,
That becomes an interlocutory immediately appealable order.
So what the government do and what I will do, assuming I get in the case, we're both going to move for a stay before the district court of the opinion, which may or may not be granted if that's denied to go for a stay in the appellate court, file a notice of appeal, a stay, and then you move for some kind of injunction.
The bottom line on emergency basis, the bottom line is that
case, the appeal of, if it goes this way, of the injunction will hit the Supreme Court on the shadow docket probably by May.
And I will say one thing the judge has to be thinking about is the last time he did that against the government was on some immigration issue.
This is a new judge.
He's been on the bench about a year, Biden a point eight.
He's, unlike most of these jokers, he's not, he's actually defense lawyer, human rights lawyer.
So I mean, he's got, from my point of view, a good pedigree.
But the last time he tried to stop something, the Trump immigration thing, he got reverse six three.
So, you know, by the Supremes.
So I think maybe that's what the government has in mind.
Maybe they think they can just get rid of the case on appeal.
I don't know about the first circuit.
But I think there's a pretty good chance that the Supreme Court's gonna knock everyone out, all the plaintiffs out because of organizational standing, because you can no longer spend your way to standing.
So I think that's, ironically, if I go up with them, I might get knocked out, maybe I get knocked out too, and maybe I get knocked out in the DC case, but that's the way it goes.
So that's just some of the inner workings, yeah.

[SPEAKER_06]
Rick, it just baffles me that the AAP, which is a trade group
somehow can challenge the policy of a federal advisory agency.
It's an advisory agency.
I mean, it's the advisory committee on immunization practices.
The CDC just recommends vaccinations.
They don't mandate them.
There's nothing.
I mean, it just doesn't make any sense that they somehow can challenge that, as though it's just a recommendation.
Do you see what I'm saying?
It just makes no sense to me that they actually have any standing when it's the states that do the mandating and
On top of that, the physicians in the individual states have to abide by the laws of those states, and they're just getting guidance from the CDC.
They're not actually being bound in any way by the CDC or the ACIP.
So it seems like very convoluted, doesn't it?

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, I'm a lawyer and I'm an administrative lawyer, so actually it makes perfect sense to me.
And the reason is different than what you're saying.
So it is true that mandates are state-based.
However, ASIP is a outside advisory agency that makes recommendations of the CDC with the CDC that implements.
However, federal and state agencies are governed by Administrative Procedure Act.
And just like we are suing the CDC in DC,
for violating the Administrative Procedure Act as arbitrary and capricious.
Our theory is that one definition of arbitrary and capricious is failure to take into consideration an important factor.
And our position is that it's a pretty important factor that the vaccine schedule as a whole has never been tested.
We think that's pretty important.
Maybe the court will agree.
Maybe they won't.
And if they agree, then that is by definition, arbitrary and capricious.
And the remedy we are seeking is that they have to move all the vaccines to share decision making until somebody can conclude that the vaccines
create some kind of net benefit, which has never been determined in terms of the schedule itself.
So the theory is arbitrary and capricious.
Their theory in the AAP case is that they didn't follow proper procedure in doing a lot of things, like appointing the ACET members because of balance and also in terms of the move from 18 to 11, they have
20 different theories about why that violates the APA.
So the bottom line to answer your specific question, it is true, they're just recommendations.
However, federal agencies have to follow
their, the administrative procedure act, and that means notice and comment.
It means a lot of things.
And there are procedures by which you do things.

[SPEAKER_06]
That's how we won the mass case.

[SPEAKER_09]
Right.

[SPEAKER_06]
We won the mass case because they violated the APA over and over again.
They failed.
They just use a boilerplate justification.
They didn't do proper notice and comment.
They didn't do anything.
I mean, they violated, there were three or four ways they violated the APA.
Right.

[SPEAKER_09]
So you're familiar with that.
So that's how they get these people by not so much
you know, some of the others, the bigger picture stuff, it's just, you know, and for, for better and worse, I mean, administrative agencies are supposed to follow their own rules, right?
And guidance, and that's supposedly for the benefit of, you know, the little people.
So, so that's, that's the theory anyway.

[SPEAKER_08]
Leslie and Jill, these cases, what kind of an impact do they have on the work that you're doing with the medical freedom at coalition and, and on the boots on the ground and at the state level?

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, I know our work at Stanford Health Freedom and the state groups that we coordinate with across the country, the move from the CDC guidance, ASAP guidance, you know,
ASAP and CDC are mentioned over 600 times and state statutes across the country.
And so when this move occurred at the federal level, we saw states like Pennsylvania, California, Oregon has a bill right now that's introduced where they're taking this.
centralized power that they relegated to the CDC in the past, and they're moving it to a decentralized network amongst the states.
Where we agree, it belongs.
States should not look to the federal government for guidance on issues, on public health.
As Leslie mentioned, it's a state's rights issue.
So we agree that states should take on this responsibility, but we're seeing instead of statutes referring to CDC or ASAP guidance, they're relegating the state's authority to third parties like the AAP.
We've seen in states like Pennsylvania, and right now we're fighting this bill in Oregon,
where they're allowing third parties to make decisions for state public health agencies.
So that's where it's impacting the states and state advocacy.
New Jersey has passed a law, California has passed a law where they're relegating the state's authority to organizations like the American Academy of Pediatrics who are completely, they're full of conflicts of interest.
They take funding from
vaccine manufacturers, and now they're an influencing state mandate policies.
So it's a complete conflict of interest for moving, literally going from the frying pan to the fire.

[SPEAKER_09]
By the way, I got something for you guys, which you'll like, which is in our complaint.
You might not know this, but it turns out we have a First Amendment claim in our answer.
You might not know this, but it turns out it is true that the AAP is a private trade organization.
But under federal law, under this Brentwood doctor, in this case Brentwood, if a private organization takes on a government function,
then that private organization becomes subject to federal law and First Amendment violation.
So one of the ways we've sued AAP just because of the fact that states are now
you instead of saying CDC is now saying AP, so AP for better and worse, they're now the government and they can be sued as the government under this Brentwood theory.
And so I think we're the, well, I'm pretty, I'm the first guy to, to file a lawsuit against the AP for acting as a government agency and
We now have a 1983 civil rights claim against them because of that aspect.
And that's, you know, everything has an upside and a downside.
So I hope I'm not the last guy that starts filing lawsuits against the AP for racketeering and other things.
And of course, you get triple damages for this.
But even now, they're now basically a government agency.
Good luck to that.

[SPEAKER_06]
That's exciting.
That's great to know.

[SPEAKER_09]
So that's my announcement.
Brentwood versus, it's in my lawsuit, Tennessee, something or other.
And that's a common, that's a well-established Supreme Court principle that if you act like the government, you're treated like the government.
So for example, the other theory that I'm going to use, we also, we have two cases from the Supreme Court where we got the same kind of thing in the call for action and all.
on COVID misinformation, and we're going to get two decisions this term as a result of this child's case.
But as soon as I get that decision, I'm going to go after these boards that took away the certifications for these doctors, because they are government actors.
So if I get the decision that I think in Pierre's Courage case,
I already told Pierre, I'm going to get him back his certification.
So for the same reason, it's First Amendment and these certifying boards are the only way you can practice medicine in a hospital.
So they're certifying and they're making themselves government actors.
So that's my promise to Pierre for agreeing to be the lead plaintiff in this COVID misinformation case.

[SPEAKER_06]
That's awesome.
So can they still take millions from the pharmaceutical industry if they're a government actor now?

[SPEAKER_09]
I don't, can they?
Well, if they're government, maybe.
I mean, that's, you know, that's why you get the big bucks.
You come up with these ideas.

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, the CDC does, through their foundation, they still take tons of money.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, but that's a private foundation.
That's a private created by Congress.
That's not the CDC.

[SPEAKER_02]
One of the things that we're pointing out too, as we help states fight these bills that are coming in, is the AP's
policy position.
They have a published policy position to remove non-medical exemptions.
That's a threat.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, that's right.
We have that in our lawsuits.
That's what you're trying to do.
And ultimately, the irony is,
A lot of the, a lot of the declarations they filed in the, in the case against Kennedy.
I mean, they're really evidence of, I mean, we're going to use them in the Rigo case.
So, I mean, they're admission, they're admitting, they basically admit that the reason they can't do shared decision making is they can't get paid for it.
You know, just got to do, it's, you know, they got to do.
They can't really talk about vaccines.
They only get the time to inject people with them.
That's the only medical intervention that I know where you can get away with something like that.
You can't ask a question.
You can't do anything.
I just found some of these declarations they put in were pretty interesting.
There's really almost no factual

[SPEAKER_06]
You know differences I mean because they're saying yeah we can't we can't afford to do it we don't have that we don't get they don't pass to do it so we can't talk to patients so yeah this is something like you know we only get to spend four minutes or something there's not enough time you know we we won't make any money the other thing that I think is um fascinating and it it sort of adds on what Jill just said is that they're actually arguing since they want to get rid of all man of all exemptions
You're actually arguing for forced medicine, which is the most basic and fundamental of violations of the principle of the ethical principle of informed consent, which is literally the foundation of the ethical practice of medicine.
Ethically practice medicine when your governing body is telling you that you should You know Coerce people into taking medical intervention.

[SPEAKER_09]
They may not want I mean just the whole thing is such an unbelievable You know mess Well, and that's really you know the issue is going to be is I guess I guess your case is really going to you're trying to overturn Jacobson I gather that's really what just that's what you're trying to do so I

[SPEAKER_06]
or narrow it at the very least.

[SPEAKER_09]
Right.
But of course, you know, Jacobson had, you know, then they were zonked and then, you know, basically, I mean, the $5 thing just doesn't really work anymore.
So, yeah, I mean, look, that's a bold thing.
I remember when your the original panel decision came out, I think we're in Warner
Maybe I think you guys spoke at Warner Mendelssohn's about that thing.
So I was pretty excited by the narrowing of Jacobson.
And of course, I think even Gorsuch did some narrowing too.
So you've got him on your side.
Have you heard about his book?
Yes, I've read his book.

[SPEAKER_06]
So he talks all about Buckley Bell, which is predicated on Jacobson.
20 years prior.
And what's the other thing he talks about?
I'm now spacing on it.
But basically, I think he talks about, I'm forgetting now, that together with Dobbs, which Alito wrote, he wrote the opinion in Dobbs, right?
And then he was joined by Kavanaugh and Barry and others.

[SPEAKER_09]
I didn't get to, I didn't, I came on the end.
Tell me in short, why you think Dobbs helps you?

[SPEAKER_06]
because of the fact that the, I explained this before you came on a little bit.
So it's a bit of a recap, but not a big deal.
But basically, Dobbs, the left said, there was all this controversy around Dobbs because the more lefty judges said, the liberal judges said that the righty judges were only doing this for political reasons and that they didn't give a darn about bodily autonomy or liberty.

[SPEAKER_09]
It is contextual, right.

[SPEAKER_06]
Okay, that that's not what it's about.
So this is an opportunity now for all of them to say, actually, we really do care about liberty.
It wasn't just about abortion.
We have a long history of, in fact, it's common law that predates the Constitution.
And we have six decades of Supreme Court jurisprudence, which says that you have
the right to uh that you have a zone of privacy around you the right to refuse unwanted medical interventions the right to refuse unwanted medical interventions even if they might save your life and on and on right there's washington versus harper and there's glux for adults not kids but adults you can yeah yes
But the thing is, the parents should have that right for that.
And we have a long history of saying that parents have the right to direct the upbringing of their children.
I mean, think about Mahmood from last summer.
So you've got all those.
And it will put, so it's the opportunity for the justices who are on the right to actually say, no, actually, we really do care about liberty.
We really do care about this issue.
And it also puts the left into a box, right?
It paints them into a corner because now they're going to have to argue against it.
No, no, no.
We only want bodily autonomy for abortions.
We don't want it for anything else, right?
So I think they're in a bit of a conundrum here, and it's going to be very positive for us.
And the fact that they issued the call for response to the school district, February 6 is very, very encouraging.
You know, the school district waived their right to respond to our petition.

[SPEAKER_09]
I get that.
I have to tell you, I've done this three or four times in the last year or two.
Yeah, we got the letter too, and we got letters in both cases.
But CHD got one on the First Amendment case last year, and it just didn't go anywhere.
The problem I see, which I think it handled well in the brief, is that, and this is the fundamental problem in the whole movement.
And I've been saying this for many years.
If you talk about bodily autonomy on an individual,
I think that works.
The problem is, what do you do about the argument about other people?
At least for most Supreme Court, appellate courts seem to want to weigh.
So once you have to weigh protecting others in all versus body autonomy, it becomes a little unclear, which is why I think your problem is going to be the three in the middle.
Right.
So, I mean, I think, I think whatever happens, if you don't get, if you get cert, that's great.
If you don't, I think what you're going to get is a descent by at least two.
Alito is going to, is going to go with you.
And I think Thomas is going to go with you.
And Gorsuch.
Gorsuch could be because he's the guy in an early decision.
So really, the way it looks to me is the guy who litigates, you got to get either
you're going to get one of the middle three.
Robertson, I don't think you're going to get.
So I think it's going to come down to one of the two.
If you get one of the two, you've got your ticket to argument.
So like I say, I see the three, and somehow you need that fourth.
And that's what I think we're all rooting for.

[SPEAKER_06]
We're working on it, lots to work on it.
We had 13 ag's submitted amicus on our behalf and we had.
Oh my gosh, I think alliance defending freedom.
I think that's who it was who came in as well on their own.
Um, and, um, I just think also it's because our framing is of this as a constitutional issue rather than just a COVID shot.
This is so much bigger than a COVID shot.
This is about the attorney.

[SPEAKER_09]
I get it.
My view, like I say, I'm a lawyer.
I've been practicing a long time.
The best thing you have going for you is not your 13 attorney generals is the fact that they're what 14 or 15 on the other side.
So, you know,
the dispute is really what is the juice.

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, there were 20.
20 or 22 came in in the night circuit, yeah, in the en banc reviews, yeah.

[SPEAKER_09]
And then you have the en banc too.
So I think that if it works, I think it's going to be because what...
I think that
Ultimately, it's going to work because of a tactical mistake that they make, trying to think that they can overwhelm you guys by putting the 20 in.
And your 13 makes it a matter of national interest of the whole country.
So, and again, so if you get certain, I'd send the other side a thank you because I think you got it because of their 20.

[SPEAKER_06]
You know what, I think there's another reason though too personally and that is that the Ninth Circuit I think really blew it by contradicting their own precedent and Supreme Court precedent.
There are so many cases that say
that Jacobson required a balancing test, and they completely ignored that.
In fact, the Ninth Circuit's own president says that Jacobson requires a balancing test, and they completely ignored that and said this doesn't require any judicial review because of public health.
That's what they said, essentially.
Courts need not get involved when a state actor could have believed the shot would stop transmission or infection, could have believed it would help a person, didn't have to have any proof,
no review.
And the thing is, because they violated their own precedent and the Supreme Court precedent, I think that if the Supreme Court allows it to stand unchallenged and it's already being cited in other cases, other cases have been dismissed already because of this ruling.
If they allow to stand, they're essentially allowing the Ninth Circuit to interpret and set new precedent that contradicts Supreme Court precedent going back 120 years.
So I think that was a mistake too.

[SPEAKER_09]
I don't know.
I mean, again, I have a little different view.
I made this argument in the UC case we filed in 2020 for the flu case.

[SPEAKER_06]
But it's 2026 rank.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, but here's the problem from a technical point of view.
From a technical point of view, Jacobson was decided before the modern analysis of statutes.
So the question is what you're arguing for
is you're trying to interpret the case from 1905, which talks about balancing, which is a theory that has been superseded for the last 50 years.
I mean, right now, the way the Supreme Court and all courts analyze cases is they just do a scrutiny analysis, right?
And what you have to, the argument, so it's just
And in all these cases, this is our first amendment cases now, it's just about the level of scrutiny.
So the your argument really is, you know, if you put Jacobson in a modern context, what
that translates into his intermediate scrutiny, which is a balancing.
So you can't really argue that Jacobson says this.
My view would be you have to make the argument in modern constitutional jurisprudence, which is essentially, your argument has to be, they're going to argue, because what Jacobson actually did,
They might have, they really, they talked about balancing from today to tomorrow.
But what they said is, look, anybody can criticize the government.
But essentially, you know, the government, you know, the government.
They basically used a rational relationship test or intermediate scrutiny.
So you have to argue, they didn't use strict scrutiny.
So they used intermediate scrutiny.
So to me, I think your argument is the modern equivalent of Jacobson is intermediate scrutiny and they have a defect because they didn't do any way.
They assumed rational relationship where in fact,
The parallel would be intermediate scrutiny.

[SPEAKER_06]
So that's what we did argue that though in our, in our position.
That's what we said.

[SPEAKER_08]
Right.

[SPEAKER_06]
That's very much what we said in our petition.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.
I'm so sorry.
I need to wrap up.
We ran long.
So I'm going to let you guys go and we'll, we'll get some audience questions next time we have you on.
Thank you all for such a stimulating conversation and update on all this work that you're doing.
Fantastic work.
All three of you fighting the good fight for medical freedom.

[SPEAKER_06]
Good luck to you guys.
I hope you get your cert.
Thank you so much, Rick.
Appreciate it.
Good luck with your cases too.
We're all cheering for you.
Really fantastic.
And you too, Jill.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.
Thank you, Jill.
Thank you, Rick.
Thank you, Leslie.
Have a great rest of your evening.
Everyone else, stand by.
I've got a few more announcements to make, and I got a video that you probably is going to make your spine go crooked.
Okay, let's wrap up tonight.
I'm going to start by saying,
that as usual, I want to thank everyone who makes this work possible.
VSRF is a small independent nonprofit organization.
We don't have corporate sponsors and we don't receive government funding.
Everything we do, these these conversations, the legal updates, the research and the advocacy is supported by people who believe in accountability, informed consent and open dialogue.
And your support also makes possible the real hands on work happening behind the scenes.
Nurse Angela continues to advocate for vaccine injured individuals, medically complex cases, families impacted by SIDS, and those navigating serious medical harm and malpractice.
She will soon be traveling to assist one of the families.
She has been working closely with providing direct in-person support during an incredibly difficult time.
And this is the kind of work your donations help sustain.
If this program has brought you value or helped you better understand what's unfolding in the courts and legislatures across the country, please consider supporting our mission.
I'm going to put this on the screen.
Even small contributions make a meaningful difference.
You can donate at vacsafety.org backslash donate or text VSRF 253555 and Janet will put the link in the chat.
Your support makes this work possible.
And before we sign off, I want to also take a moment, let me put myself back here, take a moment to lift up our dear friend, Britt Galvin.
Britt is vaccine injured and has been very sick in and out of the hospital, facing multiple surgeries and serious complications.
During one procedure, an artery was nicked, causing internal bleeding, multiple blood transfusions and an emergency surgery to reopen her.
Since then, she has been battling infections and enduring a very difficult recovery.
Brit is a warrior.
She has faced more than most people could imagine, and she continues to fight with incredible strength and grace.
Please keep her in your thoughts and prayers.
If you'd like to follow her journey and send her well wishes, you can find her on Instagram at Brit underscore Galvin, Brit underscore Galvin.
Join us next week on VSRF Live as we welcome back Emmy Award-winning investigative journalist, Cheryl Atkison, host of Full Measure and author of Follow the Science.
We'll discuss the state of investigative journalism, media censorship, and what journalism without fear looks like in today's climate.
You don't want to miss this conversation next week with Cheryl Atkison.
And tonight, we're going to close with a clip of Pfizer CEO, Albert Burla, in a Fortune 500 interview.
He says, science will win in the end, calls vaccines the most important medical advancement, and claims they've expanded life expectancy over the past 30 years, while suggesting not everyone is qualified to question it.
And yes, science will win in the end, but real science is never settled.
It isn't shielded from scrutiny.
It invites it.
It demands transparency, open debate, and the freedom to question.
That's what science looks like.
And if Mr. Burla would like to have that debate, our door is always open.
OK, thank you for joining us this evening.
Have a great rest of your night, and we'll see you all next week.

[SPEAKER_04]
It seems like I know you've said science will win in the end.
There's a lot of misinformation out there, but vaccines are still such an important part of preventative care.

[SPEAKER_03]
They're not still.
They are the most important part.
It is what increased the lifespan in that century, in the previous, in the 20th century.
by more than 30 years.
It is predominantly because of the discovery from Louis Pasteur back in the day of a vaccine against rabies.
And then we realized that we can really control diseases that were decimating our population.
The children mortality was huge at that period of time and has all been reversed because of vaccinations.
The disinformation that circulates right now is not only without any merit, but it is very dangerous because discourages people.
This is scientific information.
Not everyone is qualified to understand.
the plus and the minuses.
That's why we were constantly relying on the opinion of the experts.
But experts were not lawyers.
Experts were doctors, right?
Experts were people, but they had credentials in the scientific community.
but were elected from the American Association of Pediatricians to being their board and their scientific board.
And they can issue a recommendation by the CDC that I was having an independent committee that people were debating.
But were the top vaccinologists.
And that's how people used to do when they hear them saying do it or don't do it.
They would follow.
Now, unfortunately, we have people that they're not like that.
They are loggers.
Or they are one scientist out of not 100, of 10,000 that they disagree with what the remaining 9,999 are saying.
But they get a very big microphone and they confuse people.
And that's unfortunately what we are living today.

[SPEAKER_04]
And do you think that that will sort itself out, or are you worried that this is a continuing trend?

[SPEAKER_03]
No, I think we'll correct itself.
We'll correct itself, and I hope sooner rather than later.
My only concern is if that will correct itself because of political changes, or if that will correct itself because we will see so many people dying, that that will trigger political changes, because these decisions have consequences.

[SPEAKER_04]
Absolutely.

[SPEAKER_03]
Deer consequences.
And we see that with missiles right now.
And you can see it with many other things.
Hepatitis, you name it.
