[SPEAKER_08]
Oh, breaker one nine, this here's a rubber duck.
You got a copy on me, love machine?
Aw, ten-four pig pen.
For sure, for sure.
By golly, it's clean, clear to taco town.
Yeah, we definitely got us a front door, good buddy.
Mercy sakes alive, looks like we got us a

[SPEAKER_10]
Arizona at noon on the 7th of June when they hive all over the pass Bulldog Mac with a can on back and a Jaguar hauling ass He's ten on the floor stroking boars, seat cover starting to gain Now Beaver, you a truckin' with a rubber duck and I'm about to pull a plug on your drink Cause we got a little old convoy walkin' through the night Yeah, we got a little old convoy and she a beautiful sight

[SPEAKER_08]
I'll just tuck in, I'm walking across the USA.
I'm walking across the USA.
I'm walking across the USA.

[SPEAKER_10]
New Mexico, an I-40 like a Texas lizard on glass.
1,000 petals was mashing the metal and bears was walking the grass.
We trucked all day and we trucked all night.
Big Benny had proven her style.
We could tell by the smell we was heading for hell and the devil was dirty live.

[SPEAKER_08]
Cause we got a great big convoy rocking through the night.
Yeah, we got a great big convoy, ain't she a little sight.
Come on, join us.
Now here's the plan, Big Ben.
When we get to the bath, we're gonna put on our fish costume, pass out the baffling, and an exploration room for

[SPEAKER_10]
Now Lyle was a creep, he was tacky and cheap, but he had him with badge and a gun.
He hated the duck, and he hated his truck, and he loved to bust truckers for fun.
So he followed the line, and he bided his time, and he watched for his chance to strike.
Then he picked on a trucker, yeah a wiry old sucker, he had a trucker to call Spider Mike.
The Great Rubber Duck started running out of luck when he crossed that final bridge.
There's choppers and rigs full of guns and pigs.
There's a wall to wall on the ridge.
He showed no fear as he grabbed his gear and he stuck it to brand Danny Lowe.
Then guns went boom and his ass went zoom and the Mac took a terminal blow.
Oh, how about you, Big Nasty?

[SPEAKER_08]
Come on, there.
Say, listen, Big Nasty, we sure are glad you had a wall on this hero run to kick ass, don't you know?
Uh, 10-4, I know you can't say kick ass on the CB, Mac.

[SPEAKER_10]
Well, that big black Mack stopped dead in her tracks when the train that blew high in the air.
There was pieces of truck and some pieces of duck, junk and debris everywhere.
Then the rig took a drink and commenced to sink, and there was no duck no more.
But that evil smile from dirty old Lyle showed south from the north Texas shore.

[SPEAKER_08]
Once we got mighty convoy rocking through the night.
Yeah, we got a mighty convoy Makes shit a beautiful sight Come on and join our convoy Ain't nothing gonna get in our way We got a robust target convoy Across the US border
Big Ben, what's your 20?
Oh!
Ellie, I don't know what to do with them all down there for sure.

[UNKNOWN]
Well, listen to...

[SPEAKER_04]
Tonight on VSRF Live, we welcome Brian Hooker and Carl Jablonowski, two powerhouse research scientists with Children's Health Defense, for an in-depth conversation on vaccine safety, research integrity, and emerging vaccine data that raise serious public health concerns.
Also joining is attorney Rick Jaffe, who will break down the legal theory behind the federal lawsuit he filed this week against the American Academy of Pediatrics.

[SPEAKER_03]
The practical result could and should be
that all of these pending cases are going to be granted, just like what happened at the UC.
And I think that's really the only measure in effect, because we already know they've had sham processes.
So we're not looking for more sham.

[SPEAKER_02]
A naive reader may conclude from this study that the COVID-19 shot is the greatest obstetric innovation in modern medicine.
However, this study is an end product of one of the greatest scientific censorship campaigns ever waged.
If scientists cannot report when they identify a hazard, no one can read about those hazards.
And then the meta-analysis can conclude, as the authors did, quote,
We found no evidence of safety concerns for currently used COVID-19 vaccines during pregnancy.

[SPEAKER_07]
The preponderance of evidence around vaccines and autism basically in the United States consists of two studies that were done by a flawed and fraudulent CDC, one on thimerosal-containing vaccines,
and one on the MMR vaccine.
Clearly, in the MMR study, when you look at the table, it shows a statistically significant effect of the MMR when given on time.
67% more boys getting the vaccine on time get autism diagnosis than those that merely wait until three years of age.

[SPEAKER_04]
Hello, and welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm your host, Livio Sanchez, and thank you so much for joining us this evening.
Before we dive in, did you notice the song we opened with, Convoy?
A little tongue-in-cheek request from Steve Kirsch.
I'll let him explain the reference if you're not quite sure what he's getting at.
But it felt like the right mood for tonight.
And tonight we're joined by Brian Hooker, Chief Scientific Officer at Children's Health Defense, and Carl Jablonowski,
senior research scientist at CHD.
They'll be walking us through their research on vaccine safety, aluminum adjuvants, and emerging data that raise serious questions about infant and childhood vaccination.
We're also honored to welcome attorney Rick Jaffe, who on behalf of CHD authored the bombshell federal lawsuit filed just yesterday against the American Academy of Pediatrics.
The lawsuit is the first of its kind in vaccine litigation,
alleging racketeering violations under the federal RICO statute tied to decades of false and fraudulent claims about the safety of the childhood vaccine schedule.
In fact, doctors Hooker and Jablonowski's most recent paper, finding a significant mortality increase following routine two-month vaccinations, is cited in the lawsuit.
And in a moment, that perfectly illustrates what this case is about.
Hooker and Jablonowski's paper has since been taken down from the pre print server evidence of vaccine injury that threatens the AAP vaccine enterprise is simply not tolerated.
It should be a really interesting conversation as we learn more about this pivotal litigation and the science that supports it.
directly from the people at the center of the controversy.
Before we begin, I want to note that tomorrow marks the four-year anniversary of Defeat the Mandates in Washington, DC.
Yeah, four years ago, the ESRF helped bring thousands of Americans together to march peacefully in solidarity for bodily autonomy, informed consent, and medical freedom.
Many believe that that moment marked the end of the fight.
Well, it didn't.
The fight simply changed form.
And we're still here every week, researching, documenting, listening, and pushing back.
Because this work matters.
And if these conversations add value to your life and your children's lives, supporting VSRF is how this work continues.
You can donate at vacsafety.org, backslash donate, or text VSRF to 53555.
That's VSRF to 53555.
Janet will also drop the link in the chat.
And now I'd like to welcome the founder of the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation, Steve Kirsch.
Steve, welcome to VSRF.
How are you this evening?
I'm good.
How are you?
I'm doing well.
Why did you choose Convoy?
That was the first time you actually said, hey, let's open with this song.
I was just curious to let our audience know what you were thinking.

[SPEAKER_06]
While I was talking to Rick Jaffe and he was saying that he hoped that when his lawsuit hits that other states would join in on the lawsuit and other people would join in other attorneys as well would join in and so it started like the start of a convoy Excellent.

[SPEAKER_04]
Perfect.
Perfect.
You're getting a little static on your on your sound on your microphone.
I'm here a little clicking and popping I'm wondering
if there's anything that can be adjusted in the meantime.
But let's go ahead and dive in and bring on our first two guests, Dr. Brian Hooker and Dr. Carl Jablonowski.
Welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_07]
Going very well, thank you.

[SPEAKER_04]
Excellent and honor to have you both.
I'm going to start with a quick read of your bios.
Dr. Brian Hooker is chief scientific officer of Children's Health Defense.
He is a biologist and professor emeritus at Simpson University with more than 75 peer-reviewed scientific papers, multiple patents, and federal awards to his name.
He's also the co-author with Robert F. Kennedy Jr. of the New York Times bestseller Vax Unvaxed.
let the science speak.
Dr. Hooker has been active in vaccine safety research for more than two decades and worked closely with CDC whistleblower Dr. William Thompson to expose serious problems in vaccine safety research.
He brings both deep scientific expertise and personal experience to this work as the
as the father of a son with autism.
And I'll move right along to Carl Jablonowski is a senior research scientist at Children's Health Defense.
He earned his PhD in biomedical and health informatics from the University of Washington and has received fellowships from the US Department of Energy, the National Institute of Health and CHD.
His work focuses on data science and large scale medical and biological databases where he analyzes real world data
to identify population level adverse outcomes of medical interventions.
His recent research has highlighted the role of the CDC and FDA in the COVID vaccine related myocarditis crisis with a strong emphasis on scientific integrity and accountability.
Now,
Yesterday, we added on another guest because this lawsuit is so important.
So I want to bring on our additional guest tonight, Rick Jaffe.
Rick, this, I believe, is the first time you've been on VSRF Live.
Thank you for joining us.
And how are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_03]
I'm doing good.
Thanks so much for adding me on.
Appreciate it.

[SPEAKER_04]
Great to have you and I'm gonna read your bio and then I'll have Steve take over.
Rick Jaffe is a healthcare litigator, counselor and crisis manager focusing on cutting edge medical and legal issues.
He is admitted to practice in California, Texas and New York, but works on litigation and criminal and administrative investigations involving significant healthcare issues throughout the country.
As noted at the top of the show, Mr. Jaffe authored the pivotal new federal lawsuit against the AAP
on behalf of Children's Health Defense and five other plaintiffs.
And we're honored to have you here.
And before I step aside, I want to remind our audience that we will be having a Q&A at the end of the interview and conversation.
So if you can put all your questions in the chat, all caps, Janet will forward them to me and I'll get to as many questions as possible.
All right, Steve, take it away.

[SPEAKER_06]
All right, well, let's see if we can debug this audio very quick.
Am I still having the audio problem?

[SPEAKER_04]
A little bit.
Yeah, still a little.
All right.

[SPEAKER_06]
I've switched microphones now, so it doesn't go through vMix is is better now.
12345.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, that sounds a little cleaner.

[SPEAKER_06]
OK, I'm probably not as sync, though, in terms of the sound, though.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, you're a little out of sync.

[SPEAKER_06]
Okay.
But we'll get better sound quality.
Just my, my lips are going to be moving.

[SPEAKER_04]
You're actually way out of sync now.
Let's get this.

[SPEAKER_06]
I'd expect that.
So I think what's happening is vMix is doing this.
So you got a choice, which, which one do you want the in sync or the, um, out of sync?

[SPEAKER_04]
Let's go to the in sync and see how bad it feels.
And then that will switch back.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_03]
So now if it matters,
Maybe my hearing is not too good, but I can't tell the difference.

[SPEAKER_06]
OK, all right.
Well, this is this is the in sync version.
OK, let's go with that for a bit.
And I'm going to try to see if I could bypass VMAX in the future.
I just got a big monitor.
You got a big Dell monitor and it's going through USB-C to drive the monitor.
So I think that may be causing this.
But anyway, let's get to it.
So so, Rick, this is
People I've talked to said this is perhaps one of the most or the most important lawsuits in modern medical history.
Would you agree or disagree with that?

[SPEAKER_03]
Who am I to disagree with that?
So except for maybe one of the most.
Look, it's an important lawsuit.
It's probably one of the first times that
people are trying to hold accountable some of the institutions that are responsible for the dramatic decline of the health of children in this country.
I mean, if this were a business, right, and if you'd look at the health of the country and the people that minister to it, which are the 67,000, what they call fellows, members,
of this trade organization, the Academy of Pediatricians, they will be fired.
They're not doing a good job.
I mean, I mean, it's on their watch that health is declined.
And it looks like a big part of this is the vaccination.
So, you know, people have been complaining about this issue for years and decades.
And what's happening is just the kids are getting sicker, autism is increasing.
And
All people are saying is that the vaccines are important.
So, yeah, I mean, let's just say it's a very important lawsuit.
And it's against, it's pretty focused.
I mean, it's not a blunderbuss thing.
It's against the entity that's largely responsible for disseminating information to the people that inject vaccines, which are the pediatricians in the country.
So, yeah, I mean, I think it's important.
One of the reasons, maybe the most important reason it's important is because of the convoy.
I mean, I think what hasn't been done here before, Kennedy's done it in a couple books, I suppose, but in one, it's not succinct, it's 50 pages plus, in one document to try to explain how we got there and AAP's role.
I hope this will be, and maybe it's too long, maybe it's overwritten, but I'm hoping that this is going to be kind of a pathfinder for people that have an open mind to see at least my interpretation of how we got here, how it is that we've gotten to all these vaccines and the combined effect of the vaccines have never been studied.
And no one knows that people don't really understand that except for the people who are listening to this podcast.
But most people don't know that vaccines have never been studied as as a schedule over 18 years.
And that I find itself a poll.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, it's definitely the emperor has no clothes.
People believe that these studies exist and yet when they're asked to produce them and they find that there's nothing then that it still doesn't hit them, that there isn't nothing of substance behind there.
And that goes for people who work at the American Academy of Pediatrics as well.
I think that a lot of them
believe that these studies must exist and they maybe just gloss over the fact sheets and so forth and don't notice that they only had the best evidence they have is these modeling studies, which predicts millions of lives have been saved.
But when you look at it, the incidence, the number of deaths from these vaccine preventable diseases or supposed preventable diseases,
is actually very quite small before the vaccines were introduced.
So claiming millions of lives is really seems to be quite hard to believe that that sort of those prognostications could be credible.
So would you agree with that?

[SPEAKER_03]
Right.
And in the lawsuit, we talk about these two seminal studies that showed essentially that 97
96.5% or 96.5% of all the deaths from these diseases occurred prior to the introduction of that vaccine.
And indeed, it's essentially the same number for the diseases or at least one disease that never even had a vaccine.
So that's one of the frauds that was committed is essentially the AAP and all these
I refer to them as the vaccine mafia.
What they do is they take credit for the fact of the dramatic reduction and basically elimination of deaths when in fact most of it occurred prior to the introduction of those vaccines.
And I think the number is right before the measles shot was introduced, the year before that there were like 452 deaths, which is
a number, and then the next year, there were none.
But in 1900, there were like 13,000 or something like that.
So most of the deaths were reduced or eliminated because of things like public sanitation or whatnot.
And that's not really controversial.
I mean, that is acknowledged fact, except it's not acknowledged by essentially the promoters of vaccines.

[SPEAKER_06]
So what do you think your chances of winning are?
Are you making any predictions or prognostications as to whether you'll survive the motion to dismiss and so forth?
How far do you think you can get with this?
And maybe you shouldn't say, because they may be listening to this.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, look, I'm a realist.
So it's not.
It's not unprecedented.
What we have done is basically this, we've modeled the case on the cases against the tobacco industry.
So there are several cases where the government and private parties have sued the tobacco industry for essentially the same thing, and including these, the Center for Tobacco Research, the Tobacco Institute,
these so-called neutral think tanks that basically put out papers that showed that there's no connection or the science is unclear as to whether smoking causes cancer.
So, you know, we actually have a section in the lawsuit showing the analogies between the two lawsuits.
So, you know, I think on the facts in the law, I think it's a solid complaint.
If this were anything other than the vaccine issue, I would say we're going to survive a motion to dismiss flat out.
But this is the vaccine issue.
So yes.
So I think that's that's really makes that makes it more of an issue.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, vaccines seem to be untouchable nowadays.
So speaking of untouchable, let's switch quickly to Brian and Carl.
You guys did a study where if you're two months old and you got the shots at three months of age, there's a huge mortality difference.
Is that right?

[SPEAKER_07]
Absolutely correct, yes.
The infant child vaccination schedule used to have upwards to six vaccines on it, six different shots for multiple diseases.
And if you participate in that particular schedule versus the unvaccinated, then your chances of dying based on the data that we got directly from the Louisiana Department of Health for infant mortality in Louisiana, your risk of dying almost doubles.
Carl, jump in with some of the exact numbers on that.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, so just to echo what you and Rick were mentioning before about the studies not being done, our data set contained 1,225 children who died after day 90 and before their third birthday.
To my knowledge, that is the largest such data set ever assembled.
And that's in itself crazy that safe and effective is pushed on us with such certainty and the studies are just not done.
With the certainties that it's pushed on us, you would imagine many multi-million person studies confirming safe and effective.
but that's not done.
The closest dataset that I have found that comes close to ours was out of the state of Tennessee in the 1970s when they were looking at DTP and SIDS.
And those only numbered about 130 or something like that.
We had 10 times that number.
And in the largest such dataset ever assembled,
first people ever looking at that data to see clear as day that if you're vaccinated in your second month of life, you're more likely to die in your third month of life.
I think that is awfully telling at the research that has not been done.

[SPEAKER_06]
So how did you obtain these records?
I'm assuming that they're all obtained legally.
Do you have the record level data for all these people and up to what ages?
And can you get more?
Can you get record level data on the whole population?

[SPEAKER_07]
Well, we got the record level data directly from the Louisiana Department of Public Health.
We went through the institutional review board for the state of Louisiana before, you know, they would give us this data.
And the information is specifically for infants, uh, ages zero to two, uh, through, uh, essentially through their third birthday, uh, infants who died in the state of Louisiana, uh, basically cross-reference with their vaccination records.
Uh, in the cohort, we have, um, what is it, 1,225 individuals.
That they were able to provide match vaccination records for an overall in that cohort.
I think there were a 5800 deaths, a lot of the deaths happened before the two month vaccines because infant mortality is is high.
prior to that time, one of the things that was dissatisfactory is that we weren't able to get information directly on the birth hepatitis B shot, because a lot of those infants were vaccinated in the hospital, but we were able to get comprehensive records for two-month vaccines, at least for this cohort of 1,225 children.
Is that right, Carl?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yes.
And to speak to the record-level data for living persons,
our IRB application was IRB exempt because all subjects had died.
And so privacy concerns were dealt with with an IRB.
Such data on living persons would need a much stricter IRB in place.

[SPEAKER_06]
So you only got records of people who died then.
So you don't know what the denominator was.
You only could look at essentially the frequency of which people die at various ages.

[SPEAKER_07]
That is correct.
But we could look use a denominator of, you know, the total infant deaths versus the mortality due to the two month shot.
So, you know, what we would expect to see is if we had living infants, you know, we could very well see
a much starker effect bec you know, ended up dying r looking at those infants d

[SPEAKER_06]
So did you analyze other periods you said you had data to what three years old like why limit the study to two months and three months why not look at other time points as well.

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, it's a pre-print.
We are in process of flushing out different scenarios.
We're also considering Dr. Paul Thomas had mentioned that we should be looking at even earlier vaccinations because children could get those shots much earlier than their two-month appointment.

[SPEAKER_06]
So you haven't done the analysis yet for other cohorts?
Could you be accused of cherry picking and saying, hey, we looked at all the cohorts, and the vaccines save lives except for this one, and so we're just reporting on this one?
Absolutely not.
Not that you would do that, but I know how these guys work.
They're going to accuse you of cherry picking the data that works in your favor.

[SPEAKER_07]
No, we, uh, that's why I jumped in so quickly.
You said the word cherry picking and had a visceral reaction to it.
But, um, no, what we saw was with the information that we had, the mortality rates were higher after the two months shots, uh, you know, and when, when we saw that particular, uh, signal, then we honed in on that.
If we had the birth vaccines, you know, the birth hepatitis B shot, you know, and include now, although I don't think we would have enough data for it because it's so new the RSV monoclonal antibody that's given.
um you know as early as birth then I think we would see even higher mortality rates but this two month shots that at that particular appointment Steve you're getting six different shots you're getting six different vaccines um or you're getting a vaccine called Vaxelis which is the six in one shot it's a it's a hexavalent single shot vaccine that is to protect against what Carl D. Tapp
I'm sorry, diphtheria, tetanus, pertussis, polio, haemophils, influenza B, and hepatitis B shot.
So, you know, it's a very, very large wallop, and so we zeroed in on that first.
We, at this point,
We're yet to study the four-month shots, the six-month shots, and so forth.
But this one, because, you know, the infants are so small, they're getting exposed to so many vaccines at the same time.
That was our starting point.

[SPEAKER_06]
Okay, so it could be worse for the four-month than the six-month, for example.

[SPEAKER_07]
Paul, do you want to comment about the four month that we've done?
So we've done a little bit on the four month.
Is that ready for prime time or should we just?

[SPEAKER_02]
It is not ready for prime time.
It could be worse.
In theory, it would be, you would be most susceptible to harm at the two month.
And that is the closest you actually get to a vaxed, unvaxed study because aside from the hepatitis B vaccine at birth, at least in much of the cohort,
that was the only one given at that time, you get a much purer Vax on Vax group.
With a four month, you have to take into consideration previous vaccines or vaccines given outside of the CDC recommended window to include those.
But it's certainly
on our radar to do a four-month Vax-on-Vax comparison.
Go ahead.

[SPEAKER_07]
No.
And when you do that, too, you have to make decisions like, are we going to factor out individuals that got the two-month vaccines?
Are we going to have a completely unvaccinated cohort for evaluating the four-month vaccines?
And then because we started with only twelve hundred and twenty five, then that unvaccinated group dwindles and gets smaller and smaller and smaller.
And so it becomes more difficult to do statistics.

[SPEAKER_06]
And how do you do the statistics for the in the two month group?
Like what are the what's the comparison group?
Because if you don't have a denominator, you don't know how many people were vaccinated.
You only know, oh, you know, 100 people or thousands of kids who were vaccinated died, but you don't know the total number of kids who were vaccinated.
So you don't have the denominator.
Doesn't that make your comparison difficult and problematic potentially?

[SPEAKER_02]
It does, it's laid out in the limitations.
So everyone in this data set has both died before the age of three and received at least one vaccine that the Louisiana Department of Health could match definitively to the person.
And so when we're looking at the two month window,
If they're not receiving a vaccine in that window, we consider those in the unvaccinated cohort.
And if they do receive one, you know, that's in the vaccinated cohort.
And then we look at outcomes from there out, especially mortality in the third month.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, I see.
So essentially, sort of like a self-controlled case series, you're using the people who died as the controls, essentially, to kind of figure out what's going on, because you don't have the other data.
Did you try to ask for it and were denied?

[SPEAKER_02]
We do have some population-level data that will be instrumental in computing on absolute risk.
And we are hopefully going to be receiving in short order some other necessary numbers just to put the
complete the picture of the signals that we're finding.
Yes, you've asked.

[SPEAKER_06]
We've got aggregated data for those infants that didn't die.

[SPEAKER_07]
but we weren't able to get record-level data for those infants.
That would be a great comparison.
As Carl said, we can do an absolute risk calculation based on the aggregated data for surviving infants in Louisiana, but what would have been the holy grail, and our hope is that we could get the record-level data for all the infants.

[SPEAKER_06]
So how cooperative is the Louisiana Department of Public Health?
Are you getting help from anywhere like the governor or any public health official?

[SPEAKER_07]
They've been very helpful in comparison to the reception that we've received in other localities or trying to get federal data at that particular level.
This is one of the first openings that I think that we've really had.
Now, the reason why we got this information
uh, was through, you know, an, an act by their state legislature to evaluate this information.
We're not evaluating it officially for the state of Louisiana, but, you know, fortuitously, their legislature voted to look at infant vaccines and infant death, uh, in what, what was it in, in the 2024 session
of that particular state legislature, and that led to us having the ability to get that data.
So it actually took an active legislature for them to release that information.

[SPEAKER_06]
So they're a lot more cooperative now that they have a law forcing them to cooperate.
That is correct.
Is that what you're telling me?

[SPEAKER_07]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_06]
And so there must be a lot of researchers then who are asking for this data and doing the same sorts of studies, like I'm sure the AAP is all over this.

[SPEAKER_07]
That would be nice.
The AAP needs to study a lot of things that they haven't studied.
In fact, they've never studied vaccines.
Neither have our federal agencies studied vaccines given together at two months, four months, six months, 12 to 15 months.
All these vaccines are studied individually and they're given together.
So it makes absolutely no sense.
It's the independent researchers that are asking for this information.

[SPEAKER_06]
So this is super interesting, I would think, to Rick's case because it says once the data is actually made available through legislation, forcing it to become available, what happens is the only scientists who are looking at this data are not the AAP to prove that they were right.
That like, I would think that if the AAP were an honest organization, that they would have a team of scientists and they would be like, this would be wonderful to them because now they can finally prove that they were right.
And the fact that you don't seem to be know of any other, like if, if the AAP were requesting this data, would you know it?

[SPEAKER_07]
Uh, I don't know if we would know it, but certainly, you know, they would have had the opportunity ad infinitum for as long as the AAP has existed to publish this in peer reviewed scientific journals.
And, and that does not exist, Steve.

[SPEAKER_06]
Rick what's your reaction to that that seems to be confirming what you've been saying all along here that these guys don't seem to be interested in actually any studies that actually where we can measure the outcomes of the vaccine schedule.
So they're not interested in actually validating what their narrative is.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, I think they know what the answer is.
I mean, I mean, it's pretty clear to me.
I mean, they must know.
And it goes it goes way beyond that.
And this I explained in the complaint.
So let me just tell you like the short version of the story, because the complaint, I kind of wrote it as a story and at least my view of the story.
So and and it really has to do with this
the Institute of Medicine.
So what happened is back in the late 1990s and really the early 2000s, there's a lot of concern by parents that given all these vaccines combined is going to hurt people.
So that was a thing.
So as a result of that, the Institute of Medicine, which is the outside scientific body that's supposed to be neutral and assist the government, did a paper
And you have to stand.
I mean, it's not going to say that vaccines don't work and they're dangerous.
That's not in the realm of possibility.
All right.
But what is in the realm of possibility and was rather bold is they flat out said in very bureaucratic, non-judgmental way that the cumulative effect of vaccines has never been studied.
That they did, and they recommended to the CDC and HHS that they want to figure out a way to study it.
And interestingly, what they said is, and look, we're not recommending that you do prospective double-blind clinical trials.
because it's not necessary at this point.
Maybe they're not enough sick.
It's not necessary.
What you ought to do is look at existing systems like the VST, the Vaccine Safety Databank, and use all those records, like 12 million records, and tease out the information.
Study that.
So that's what they said in 2002.
Now, in response to that,
Hoffett did two things, Paul Hoffett and his group, they had a group of people, they did a couple things.
First, they put together a paper, and this is actually a couple months before, or one month before the IOM did its study, they put out a paper and they showed that from a theoretical point of view, it was possible to give 10,000 of these vaccines or antigens at one time, and the body could process that.
The problem with that is he was answering a question that the parents hadn't asked.
Nobody cared about whether the body was capable of processing or absorbing or reacting to, from an immunological point of view, 10,000 vaccines.
That's not the question.
The question they had is when you give these 10 shots, 20 shots,
over 18 years with all the aluminum and all the adjuvants and the polysorbate 80, is that going to hurt the kids?
That was the question.
So what they did is by a sleight of hand, they answered a different, not even a safety question, they answered a question on a completely different level.
So that was one part of it.
And the other part of it was they also said, well, look, we can't study
the safety of the cumulative effect of vaccines, because that would require us from withholding vaccines from a cohort.
Because when you do a prospective double blind study, what you have to do is you have to have one cohort, one group that's getting vaccinated, another group which is not getting vaccinated.
So
and their view was you could never do an unvaccinated study because everyone knows that vaccinations are wonderful and necessary, and it would be unethical to withhold vaccinations.
But again, the second part of the slide is- Which is false because the study's never been done.

[SPEAKER_06]
It's not unethical because the study's never been done that shows that.
It's a scientific question.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, no, whether or not it's ethical or not is not the point.
The point is the Institute of Medicine didn't ask them to do that kind of study.
They just said study the data in the VSD and you could probably answer the question.
Now, the data was there.
And here's the second.
So the point is they again switch the question or switch the answer.
IOM told them, look at the data that's already there.
You don't have to do prospective studies.
Look at the data that's always there.
The answer was it's unethical to do prospective studies.
Yeah, they switched it.
To answer the question.
They switched the question.
So and so and then the third part of what they did is that anybody that tried to do these VACs versus un-VAC studies, Paul Thomas,
10 to 11 days after he published his study, his license was emergency suspended.
And then ironically, I'll tell a little story about your guy's study.
I had a draft of this complaint, and we had Brian and Carl's article in there, and what you have to do is give a URL and all that kind of thing.
And then, I don't know, I think Angela told me that the study had been
not retracted, but it was withdrawn.
And withdrawn sort of comes from the author.
So I got semi-hysterical because I don't understand.
I mean, I got this site in there.
And so I was just as a lawyer, I was concerned about citing a study that had been withdrawn and not indicating that
in the paper.
So I called these guys up and said, what's going on?
And then I heard the story, which is it wasn't withdrawn by them.
It was withdrawn by the scientific advisory committee, and they didn't even check the box.
They didn't even tell them why.
So the irony is, this is in the section about what happens to people that publish studies, vax versus unvaxed,
And I showed him these guys as the most recent study that proved the point.
And then their study gets, you know, retracted in effect.
So then they found another preprint.
But with all due respect to you guys, my guess is in the next month, it's going to get withdrawn for no reason also.
And this is just further evidence
of these tactics.
So they switch the questions, and then they basically knock or force the withdrawal, the retraction of all these studies.
And that's the modus operandi.
And that's how we got to here.

[SPEAKER_06]
So let's talk about the retractions slash withdrawal.
So was your paper retracted or was it withdrawn?
Because I know you guys didn't say, take it off of preprints.org.

[SPEAKER_07]
No, we did not.
So did they say it was retracted or withdrawn?
It was withdrawn by then.
Retraction is a word that's usually associated with a peer-reviewed study that's already gone through.
But this was a pre-print server.
This is a place that you can take research that is awaiting peer review or
uh, hasn't yet been peer reviewed and, and you put it on to the server so it's in the public domain.
And so, uh, even with those parameters, preprints.org and you know, their, uh, uh, 318 scientific advisors decided to take it down anyway.

[SPEAKER_06]
So do they have to,
adhere to the cope guidelines in order to justify withdrawing it, or can they just arbitrarily withdraw it without any kind of adherence to any sort of guidelines?

[SPEAKER_02]
To my knowledge, it's not like it's a forum of free speech.
I think they could just take it down just because.
And we went over the withdrawal policy with a fine-tooth comb and
our paper does not at all touch illegality, which is the main concern.
They're concerned about a court order or a government agency requesting it be removed.
They're concerned about plagiarism, which couldn't possibly be because we wrote every word ourselves.
They're concerned about revealing someone's privacy, which isn't an issue.
And the very last statement of the withdrawal policy is,
the content poses a risk to the general public, which.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, they got you there.
I mean, the risk to the general public is that they're going to understand that apparently under your findings, if you get the vaccine in between two months, you have what?
Would you come up with a 50% chance at greater dying?

[SPEAKER_06]
100%.

[SPEAKER_03]
100%, well, yeah.

[SPEAKER_06]
Double, right.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, the odds difference was 68%.
It was a lot different if you were black or white.
It was a lot different if you were female or male.
And I think there's a lot to that.
But that advisory board of 300 plus people, not a single one of them have ever published on vaccine safety.
And not a single one of them have ever published on infant mortality.
And they're just not,
qualified to peer review, they wouldn't be selected as peer reviewers for the paper.
And so, yeah, to Rick's point, I think it's a risk to the general public to remove this information from scientific discourse.
But that said, it is just a pre-print.
We're going to go to print.
And, you know, scientific discourse will commence.

[SPEAKER_06]
Oh, Journal of American Medical Association, I'm sure would be all over this New England Journal of Medicine.
That'd be another, you know, top one.
I'm joking.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, we we will publish this.
We will submit it to a journal that is indexed.
Ellen, the National Library of Medicine, you know, PubMed.org, whatever.
And then we will attempt and we will go through the process.
I published my first Vax on Vax study with Neil Miller in 2020 and we went to 11 PubMed index journals.
before we found one that would even peer-review it.
It went through 11 months worth of four rounds of peer-review, and then finally it was published in a journal called Sage Open Medicine.
Carl's done the same thing recently with a paper on Hiptider.
How many journals was that submitted to?

[SPEAKER_02]
It was submitted to 12 different journals.
Most of them, the editor never sent it to a reviewer, and it was even rejected from preprint.

[SPEAKER_06]
Rejected from preprints.
That's hard to do.
So you got desk rejections.
How long did it take you to get a desk rejection on your 12 submissions?

[SPEAKER_02]
A desk rejection is pretty quick, actually.
It's a matter of a few days.
The editor in chief usually reviews the manuscript and says, no, we don't want this, and we're not going to send it to reviewers.

[SPEAKER_06]
And did they ever give you a reason, or did they just say, no, gee, not appropriate for the journal or whatever?

[SPEAKER_02]
No, infuriatingly, they never get you back with a reason.
And as soon as we had a journal that did send it out to reviewers, that particular paper, I was thrilled because the science on it was rock solid.
And when we got our reviews back, it was just disheartening.
But pick yourself up and try again.

[SPEAKER_07]
You never know what's going to happen in the review.
Sorry, that what?
You never know what's going to happen in the review.
I've had peer reviews come back saying Brian Hooker is an anti-vaxxer, end of sentence.
And so, you know, that's real scientific.

[SPEAKER_06]
That's real science.
That's real science.
Now you're talking.
Right, right, right.
When they attack the people, that's the way to do it.

[SPEAKER_07]
So you said it went through four rounds of peer review.
What do you mean?
When this paper was published back in 2020, we interacted with the peer reviewers of the paper.
There were two different peer reviewers that were looking at the paper.
They were anonymized, so we didn't know who they were.
but we addressed the original comments, sent it back, and then usually at that point, then the journal decides to accept or reject it.
At this point, we went back and forth with the peer reviewers four times, and then on the third round, the journal finally said, oh yeah, okay, we'll accept it, but you need to go through a fourth round of peer review.
Okay, so they were tweaking it each time.
Exactly, yeah.

[SPEAKER_06]
And so on this latest withdrawal on the preprint server, they basically said your paper's been withdrawn, have a nice day, with no reason whatsoever given.
And then you got back to them with an email.
And did they respond to that?

[SPEAKER_02]
No, I actually just checked my email during this interview and we have not received that response.
I think that was sent four or five days ago.

[SPEAKER_06]
Nice.

[SPEAKER_02]
I think the least they could do is give us a reason why, but I am not expecting a response.

[SPEAKER_06]
Are you able to make the data that you used in the study public?

[SPEAKER_07]
No.

[SPEAKER_06]
Is that data available?

[SPEAKER_07]
The data, that public use data set, if it became a public use data set, then it would have to be the decision of Louisiana Department of Public Health, whether they would want to give it
grant it to any other research or put it on the public domain.

[SPEAKER_06]
So what did the law say then that you had to grant legitimate researchers access to the data or what does the law specifically require that you were able to get this data in the first place?

[SPEAKER_07]
The law commissioned the study to happen
And then, really, because of the favorability of, at the time, the Surgeon General of Louisiana, the Deputy Surgeon General of Louisiana, then we were able to go through the process.
But we were explicitly told that we were given the data and that we could publish on the data and do our analyses.
but that we were not doing it explicitly at the bequest of the state of Louisiana.
So there were some words in there that sort of protected, in a sense, the Louisiana Department of Public Health, but we were essentially given the data.

[SPEAKER_06]
So that's really interesting because it means that you're not doing the study on their behalf, which means the legislation required the department to do the study.
And if it's not being done by you, then who is doing the study?
And won't it be interesting that the study, if the study numbers don't conclude the same thing that your study does, that's going to be really interesting, isn't it?

[SPEAKER_07]
It would be an anomaly, and we're trying to be as transparent as possible regarding the methodology that we're using so that an entity, if there was a designated entity by the state of Louisiana that, yes, you will represent us and do this study, that they could repeat our methodology and they would know exactly what we've done.

[SPEAKER_06]
Or that they would create their own methodology and and publish that and then you could verify whether you could replicate their research, which would be interesting.

[SPEAKER_07]
We would want that level of transparency, you know, obviously.
So the a lot of times.
When we see researchers working on official capacity for, you know, say the government of Denmark, the Statensirum Institute of Denmark, there's some roadblock either in terms of understanding the methodology or getting their data.

[SPEAKER_06]
OK, so as it stands now, your study is incredibly valuable to Rick's lawsuit, right?
Because it says that, hey, when we actually do the data, like the Zervos study is extremely valuable.
And I think you guys, who did this?
Somebody did a second analysis of the Zervos study.
Was it you or McCullough's group?

[SPEAKER_07]
There there were several different researchers that were involved in in the re analysis of the zero.
We didn't participate in it, but I think that part of what Nick culture from Peter McCullough's group and and there were several others that and then it was published what in the international journal of vaccine theory practice and research.

[SPEAKER_06]
Right.
Right.
Exactly.
And so basically that reanalysis study that was published in IJPTR, plus your study that is now, I guess, on Zenodo.
Is that right?

[SPEAKER_07]
That's correct.
Zenodo.org.

[SPEAKER_06]
And so those two are going to be very important to Rick's case.
And there aren't any studies that actually show the opposite.
Right?
There are no studies that with the same more similar data show the opposite conclusion.

[SPEAKER_07]
not to our knowledge, and the studies that are used, you know, arguably to, you know, for example, the vaccine autism hypothesis are usually woefully inadequate for what they're claiming.
You know, they say, oh, vaccines don't cause autism, but the dirty little secret is when they look at their studies, they've looked at one vaccine and one vaccine component, and then waved their magic fairy dust over the rest of the vaccine schedule.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yes, amazing.
So it's gonna be interesting.
Rick, how long do you think this will take, this lawsuit will take?
I mean, are we looking at three years, two years, one year?
Are we looking at five years or 10 years?
How fast will this progress?
Because I'm sure that the lawyers on their end will do anything they possibly can to delay this suit for as long as possible.
right, to delay the inevitable.
That'd be my guess.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, I think, well, I think you were right.
You talked about it before.
They will certainly file a motion to dismiss.
And that's either going to be granted or denied.
I think, and then if it's denied, theoretically, then there'll be some discovery.
And that could take a long time.
So.

[SPEAKER_06]
But that'll be really fun.
That's when the fun begins, right?
That is when you really find out what's going on.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, sure.
I mean, I believe that there are documents between the AAP and its enterprise associates.

[SPEAKER_06]
Partners in crime is the English translation.

[SPEAKER_03]
I was going to say co-conspirators.
Let me give you an example.
And it's just, like I say, I'm just a basic practical guy.
So here's what I don't understand.
The article written by Paul Offit and crew
had something, I have it here, the complaint here, but it's something about the fact, is it safe to give all these vaccines to people, to kids, right?
And that was to address the concern about all these vaccines.
And then what I don't understand is, you don't have to be a scientist to say, here's the title, is it safe to give a vaccine, all these vaccines at once,
where the whole article is a bunch of scientific hypotheses about how many antigens the human body can take at one time.
It's a different question.
So what I don't understand is I put in the complaint, it's like asking whether it's safe to drink 10 beers, and then the answer is, well, it's perfectly safe to drink four quarts of water.
right?
That's not really the same question.
So what I understand is, how does a peer reviewer in this pediatrics journal not come to the conclusion that maybe a doctor wouldn't come to the conclusion, but any kind of intelligent person would come to the conclusion
You know, Paul, you're not answering the question.
They're asking a different question.
So, you know, I have to believe there's documentations out there where someone had to tell these guys that, you know,
don't then change your title.
Make the title some kind of highly specific scientific thing about immunogenicity and how many, what's the word, epitones or some kind of, then do it and call it a theoretical discussion of how many epitones
an infant could have at one time how many they could process.
Right.
But that's not the title.
The title is it's safe.
It's something like it's safe to give all these vaccines to one person.
So I have to believe someone asked them that question.

[SPEAKER_06]
So so.
So are you allowed to do it?
You can do discovery on on Paul Offit, right?

[SPEAKER_00]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_06]
Can he refuse?
Can he refuse to cooperate because you don't have jurisdiction over him or?
Like, are you able to get depositions from anyone?
If they don't dismiss this case, are you allowed to get depositions from anyone related to this case?
Or what's the limit to your?

[SPEAKER_03]
The simple answer is, in all practice, I mean, it's called non-party discovery, non-party deposition.
So, you know, the process is a little different for people out of state.
But, you know, any litigator who's really litigated has done
request to depose non-party witnesses.
And, you know, I've done things where you had to go to a different court.
You have papers done in your jurisdiction, and then you have to serve papers, you know, in some other jurisdiction.
So by and large, people have an obligation to respond to discovery requests, whether they're party or non-party.
So that's not really
controversial.
That's an established practice in the federal rules and pretty much every state.

[SPEAKER_06]
So you can basically depose anyone who's related to the suit and they can't refuse.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, you know, I'm not saying they're not going to make a motion to quash on the grounds that are not related, but I don't see.
I'm very confident about the fact that anyone who's named in the lawsuit but is not a party
is going to have a close enough connection to the lawsuit to be the subject of non-party discovery.
So I don't think that's going to be much of an issue.
Yeah, there's going to be discovery.
And the question is, I mean, they're intelligent.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, so Offit for sure will be the post.
I mean, I think I can bank on that.

[SPEAKER_03]
One would hope.

[SPEAKER_06]
OK. And you're probably going to ask him why he didn't answer the question.
If they asked you this question and you answered a different question, why didn't you answer the question directly?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, you know, he'll have eight ways to Sunday as to why, you know, he really did answer the question.
I mean, one thing I have to say, I mean, with scientists, you know, I'm a lawyer and I know a little bit about this stuff.
You know, one of the things I say about the complaint is they use a lot of scientific jargon that really doesn't mean anything and that obfuscates sidetracks and sleight of hand.
So I'm sure he'll have a three page answer for that, you know, in transcripts.
So it's just at some point, you know,
the court or the court of public opinion is going to see what's real and what's not real.
And look, I mean, how do they get?
I mean, ask yourself this.
The Institute of Medicine in 2002 told them to look at this giant digital filing cabinet, which is the DSD, as I talk about in the complaint.
2002, they asked them to do it.
The IOM came back and revisited the issue in 2013.
They hadn't done it.
So this time, what they did is, and again, it's kind of a simple idea, they put out another report and they said that you hadn't done it yet, you still should do it.
And to emphasize the point, they put in the title of the report and future studies.
just so they wanted the future studies.
So again, it's not rocket science.
They wanted they wanted the CDC to do the studies.
And at the same time, you know, the AP is arguing that it's unethical to do the prospective studies.
I mean, and they got away with this.
And the truth is, only
It's only in the process of the four months that it took me to do this complaint that I figured all this stuff out.
You know, I mean, I didn't know any of this stuff in the beginning.
I mean, I'm in the field.
I'm a lawyer in the field.
But you really just have to sit and think about what they're saying.
And a lot of what I had to do here is connection.
And there was a lot of just figuring out to tell a coherent story.
It's almost like you have to be a historian because there's just so much obfuscation, you know, and things that sound like science and responsive, it really isn't.
And that was really, that was the hard part of the case, to just hear what they say and say, that's not the question.

[SPEAKER_06]
Do you think that Paul Offit legitimately believes that vaccines are safe or do you think that he knows that they're not and he's playing the game to protect his financial interests?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, I don't, I'm not, I can't really speculate in the pull off its heart, but I, I, I think there's a concept and look, he might ask the same question about me on the other side, but I think this is concept called cognitive dissonance.
You know, so I think about that a lot in terms of the pediatricians.
And I don't know.
I mean, I would speculate.
And my gut tells me they're true believers.
You know, I mean, I think they will believe this stuff because that's what the AAP has been telling them.
And, you know, I've talked to plenty of doctors like that.
start questioning the vaccines and all.
I mean, and even in court, I mean, they look at me like I'm a Martian.
Let me give you one small example and how pervasive this is.
In 2020, we did this case in the UC.
We tried to stop the flu vaccine.
And we partially succeeded, but the oral argument, the judge
you know, arguing, arguing, arguing.
The judge says, you know what, Mr. Jaffe, I'm not, I wouldn't be comfortable sitting next to someone in a movie theater that didn't have the flu vaccine.
So, I mean, that's a mindset.
And then I kept on pressing him, pressing him, and then he gets a little annoyed.
You know, Mr. Jaffe, you people, you people are like drunks, and you insist you want to drive a car.
Well, I'm here to tell you, drunks can't drive cars.
So I know, I don't think the judge really thought that vaccines are dangerous.
And I have to believe that Paul Offit thinks 100% that what he's trying to do, it's just that the mechanism is protective of the industry.
I mean, I hope that is the case.
I mean, maybe that's not a legal conclusion, but I hope at least
these people are just true believers and are people that just refuse to at least the people, the lying pediatricians, because I've dealt with some pediatricians just in my family and all.
But that's different than the enterprise.
The enterprise is protecting basically revenues.
I mean, that's basically the point of the lawsuit.
It's all about money and it's all about increasing the uptake of vaccines and doing whatever they have to do
to suppress any information that's not consistent with the vaccine narrative.
And we're seeing it literally in real time with the article that we've been discussing.
And like I say, I'm here to tell you guys, you know, I doubt in three months whether you're going to be up in that, you're in now and I'm going to have to amend the complaint.
and say once again, you know, the pre-print is with the drawing.
I hope that's not the case, but I think that's consistent with their playbook.

[SPEAKER_02]
I'd like to chime in just to echo.
I think that the greatest threat to science is not the money.
the conflicts of interest or the cushy, you know, executive vice president offices that these people get.
I think the greatest threat to science is ego, because they're actually believing
these falsehoods.
And if they inspected it, even with the slightest of critical lie, they would know that what they're perpetuating is falsehood.
But as you said, the big institutions, they're only focused on the profits.
They don't have an ego.
They're just zoned in on maximizing profits.

[SPEAKER_03]
Let me broaden this out for one second, just to give you I have a background in the history of philosophy of science.
So I think what happens now, if any of you Thomas Kuhn, the structure of scientific revolutions.
The basic thing is we have a paradigm now, a vaccine paradigm, which the AP has been promoting for 40 years.
And what's happening is there's all kinds of data points that are not consistent with the paradigm that vaccines are safe.
So we are going through a process in philosophy of science, this Cunian view, where normal science is breaking down.
The data's not fitting into the paradigm.
It's kind of like Copernicus, what he said, that the revolution's there.
So I think what we are seeing now is the AEP protecting a paradigm
in the face of the fact that children are becoming much more unhealthy and the likely cause of that is vaccination.
And these are the battles between the promoters of the old paradigm and the new paradigm, which is that vaccines are, you know, can be dangerous and, you know, and that's what we have now in, let's say, the history of science issues.

[SPEAKER_06]
So I noticed that there's a media blackout worldwide on your lawsuit.

[SPEAKER_03]
Is that right?

[SPEAKER_06]
Yes.
I'm not aware of any mainstream media anywhere in the world that has written about your lawsuit.
Am I wrong?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, I know, of course, ET, Epic Times has, but they're a

[SPEAKER_06]
They're not considered mainstream, surprisingly.
Someday they will be.
But right now, they're the counter narrative.
I guess you're right.
OK. All right.
So worldwide media blackout.
How did you get the case?
And how did you choose the venue?

[SPEAKER_03]
How did I what?
Get the case?

[SPEAKER_06]
How did you get the case?
And how did you choose the venue for filing the case?
Why did you?
Why?
Why was it?
It's in federal court in Washington, D.C. or?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yes.
And there are a lot of reasons.
But the simple of it is the case is modeled on the United States versus Philip Morris, which held the tobacco industry accountable under Rico.
for essentially doing what I'm alleging is the same thing the Tobacco Research Institute and the CTR and the Tobacco Institute did.
So there was a case that was tried in the District Court in District Columbia.
The case was they were found liable.
It went up on appeal and it was affirmed on appeal.
So what happens is if you file there,
That is binding precedent on the district court theoretically and even on the appellate court.
So that it kind of made sense to do it there for that reason.
And the only other venue would have been the proper venue might have been Illinois.
And I just didn't see any advantage of filing there where you have direct precedent.
on the main issue of the case.

[SPEAKER_06]
Why is Illinois a possible venue?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, that's where their principal place of business is.

[SPEAKER_06]
For AAP, that's their place of business.

[SPEAKER_03]
And they have an office in DC.
And then what's interesting is every state has
separately incorporated state chapters.
So I thought about, you know, going after a chapter in there and maybe down the road that they will.
But again, I think part of the issue is, you know, I have this saying about myself, it's better to be lucky than good.
So it turns out when we found the case yesterday,
It was announced that the Texas Attorney General has just served a bunch of civil investigation demands on a bunch of vaccine, you know, related entities for the same thing.
So I'm hoping that this case like this convoy, like we talked about, is going to be a model.
you know, for other states and other private parties, you know, maybe to file similar lawsuits.
So there are a lot of injured people, and I'm hoping that other people are going to look at this and say, yeah, I know people like this, too, and, you know, file other lawsuits.
And maybe the government's going to get involved.
And that would be, you know, I mean, it's one thing for a guerrilla warrior like me to do something like this, but it's another thing if a state or federal government really does something.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, so CHD is the one who originally conceived and brought the lawsuit, and presumably they picked you to handle the case?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yes, but you got that exactly opposite.
I mean, it was my idea.
I have some background in RICO, and it's something... Look, the context is, in April,
I filed a lawsuit.
I went to CHD and they decided to back it.
That would be Cardenas versus Monaris, which was to remove the COVID shot for kids from the schedule and move it from recommended to sheer decision making.
So the next month, Kennedy announced that that was going to happen.
So that worked out pretty well.
And then
I started thinking about shared decision-making, and then I started doing some research, and it turned out much of Europe has shared decision-making, and they have higher percentages than we do, even though they have all shared decision-making.
So then I approached CHD with basically the whole shebang to move all childhood vaccines from
recommended to share decision-making.
And that was the Paul Thomas versus Menara's case, which we filed in mid-August.
And that case is still pending.
So then I started thinking about, well, who's really to blame for all this?
And I started looking into this AAP and the Rico case.
But then I got sidetracked because of, it just doesn't so much matter,
I got sidetracked, and then I started looking into the issue of religious exemptions in the military.
So I started looking into that, and then I filed, in mid-December, a case, CHD versus Hegsett, which is to attacking the sham process of giving military service people, or denying military service people religious exemptions.
So I filed that in mid-December, and then I circled back to this Rico case.
And CHD's been, well, they couldn't protect me.
I didn't get them to fund the Thomas case, but the Cordanis takes it.
In this case, they will fund it.
So I circled back and then filed this case.
And I guess I'll just allude to the fact that
It's not the last case on filing.
The next one is going to be even bigger.
Oh, wow.
The next one is going to be the one that everyone in the country, at least on our side, really wants.
But it's going to circle back to COVID.

[SPEAKER_05]
Wow.

[SPEAKER_03]
So I'm not sure when.
So that's really the context.

[SPEAKER_06]
Okay, can't wait.
When will we know about the next lawsuit?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, you know, I thought I was going to have, I mean, this one took me five, you know, four months.
So I think the next one will be shorter.
But, you know, we'll see.
But it's, we have unanswered questions about COVID.
And I think the country needs answers.
And sometimes the best way to get answers that have not been come
from the government because of all the equivocations, maybe it was caused by this, maybe it wasn't.
Sometimes the next best thing to do is to seek people to address and that's what we're gonna do.
So that's kind of the breaking news.
So it's these are these cases.

[SPEAKER_06]
If you need a plaintiff, you have my number.

[SPEAKER_03]
We might, we might.

[SPEAKER_06]
All right.
So Carl and Brian, what do you think of this case?
Are you pretty optimistic that that this is going to go through?
I know you guys are not lawyers, but from a medical medical point of view,

[SPEAKER_07]
Having a vaccine injured now adult son who suffers every day of his life, we were a part of what was called the Omnibus Autism Proceedings of the National Vaccine Injury Compensation Program, and we're summarily, after 16 years in vaccine court, denied justice.
And so the chronic disease epidemic, the autism epidemic, other neurological disabilities epidemic, children dying, babies dying of quote unquote SIDS or sudden unexplained infant death syndromes, S-U-I-D-S, it's time to clean up the mess.
And so to me, this is such an important piece.
It's such an important step.
to get compensation outside of what the Shama Vaccine Court has been.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, I totally agree.
Our kids are getting sicker.
Yes.
AP is at the helm.
The autism epidemic is exploding in our faces in slow motion.
If justice is actually realized,
the payout is going to make the big tobacco payout look like chump change.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_02]
It's so great.
It's close to infinite.
And well, I probably shouldn't say close to infinite because I have too many math major friends.
But justice is always what you want when it's already too late.
You've already been injured.
Those you care about have been injured.
But hopefully a brighter future.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, you know, it's a slight change of topic.
I just completed a Substack article on air quality, and a lot of people don't relate that to COVID.
But in fact, the
The policies that we instituted that basically decimated the country.
As soon as you talked about these trillion-dollar damages and so forth, it was multi-trillions.
that were caused by the public health officials who basically closed down schools and closed down workplaces and told people go home and they closed down playgrounds and they shut down, they discouraged people from going outside.
And I just saw this movie, 15 Days, and there's a showing of that tomorrow at seven o'clock in Los Gatos.
uh but that movie showed hey we they promised us 15 days to stop the spread and what they did is they kept kids at home and uh and teachers were afraid that they would get COVID and uh and they shut down the playgrounds and kids didn't have anywhere to go anymore and uh and the teachers were afraid to go in because they were afraid they would get COVID and die
And what I discovered in writing my story was that all you had to do was open the window.
All you had to do is have air flowing into the schools or you could have restaurants open and just serve people outdoors.
And because there's no chance that you can get
A virus because as soon as the virus goes out, if it's not in a enclosed space that that doesn't have any air circulation, but as long as you have air circulation and dilution.
then the virions get quickly diluted to levels that are orders of magnitude smaller than what's needed to infect people.
So the best advice that they should have given during the pandemic is go outside.
If you're a restaurant, you can serve people outside the restaurant.
You don't have to close down.
And if you're a gym, make sure you have fans going and having fresh air coming in or blown in and air going blown out and so forth so that there's air circulation.
That is the only thing that we needed to do.
to do that.
And the bottom line, though, was that for an expenditure that amounts to about $1,000, it's about $500 billion, which is chump change compared to the $7 billion in these
uh, uh, COVID mitigation bills, you know, the pandemic, uh, support bills, the financial bills that they, the bailouts, uh, because of COVID, they were spending billions and billions of dollars, but for half, for, um, uh, uh, it was for, um, for, for a fraction of that, you could go and upgrade the air ventilation systems.
in all the buildings.
And you would be pandemic proof.
Do you guys have any comment on that?
I mean, it's like, this is it's a no brainer.

[SPEAKER_07]
We looked at this, you know, at at where I was working at the university and the way to vaccinate, by the way, Rick, if you did that, because nobody can get these these these diseases that you get, the respiratory viruses, you wouldn't be able to spread them.
So, yeah, go ahead.
The enclosures caused the spread regardless of whether you were masking or not.
You know, you put on a mask, which basically was like trapping mosquitoes with a chain link fence.
So the virus would come out and then you would have 15 students in a lecture come in.
The lecture was masked too, which was really, really fun.
But within five minutes, the entire room, if you had COVID infected people, would be saturated with the virus without sufficient airflow.
So what they were doing, by keeping you indoors, by keeping you locked in, and then by not doing airflow, and then by quote unquote masking, having your face diaper that was going to be your ultimate protection,
was actually enhancing the spread and not reducing the spread.
So by introducing ventilation, by putting people outdoors, yeah, it was a dilution effect that could have saved us many, many more lives, many more cases of COVID, not that I would think that COVID was necessarily highly fatal.
But yeah, you're absolutely right.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
And today we are doing nothing to put in the incentives to upgrade people to create how people adopt the building standards that would essentially mitigate this and prevent this from ever happening again.
For a fraction of the cost of this one pandemic, a one time building upgrade
keeps us pandemic free for the rest of our lives.
And nobody's talking about it.
They're all talking about, well, we can increase a little bit the air quality or whatever.
But there's actually a standard, and I'll bet nobody can name the standard that's been created, that if all the buildings in America were adjusted to that standard, there would be no more chance of having another pandemic.
And I'll bet you nobody can name the standard.

[SPEAKER_07]
Well, it's a NIOSH standard, but I don't know which one.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
OK.
So that's and that's that's the key point that even people who are, you know, on our side and realize the problem that nobody knows what this what this standard is because nobody's talking about it.
Amazing.
OK, we've got questions from the audience.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yes, we do.
I just want to remind everyone that they were arresting people on beaches during the lockdowns for being outside insane, including the town living in at the time.
They closed the beaches.
You could not go outside.
And gym owners were being arrested for keeping their gyms open in New York.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, so what these researchers did is they took a floor in a hotel, and they deliberately kept the air exchanges low.
And what they did is they just added fans such that the air would be circulating.
So just mixing the air is what they did.
And they also had a little ventilation, but it was primarily mixing the air.
And nobody got sick.
So they would have these sick people in this enclosed room with a healthy person.
And the healthy person wouldn't get sick.
It was impossible for the healthy person to get sick.
And so that was their demonstration that if you have rapid air mixing, even though they had very low ventilation,
that you couldn't transmit the virus from one person to another in an enclosed room.
And this standard, by the way, it's the ASHRAE, A-S-H-R-A-E, standard 241.
It was created in 2023
after, after COVID.
Like, like, why is this standard?
Why did the standard exist?
Why did it take till 2023 to create the standard?
That's insane.
Like, you could have predicted this.
Okay, but now at least we have the standard.
But nobody knows about standard 241.
And that is a real travesty.
In fact, I didn't even know about it until just now.
And I've been doing this stuff for four years and didn't know about it until I researched it for this article.
So pretty amazing.
So we have the tools.
We have the way to prevent this, and yet nobody's talking about it.
It's crazy.

[SPEAKER_04]
OK, go for your questions.
OK, let's start randomly here at Dino Man Rumble IF.
This is for Dr. Jablonowski.
In your study, when they died from sudden death syndrome, did most have the vaccine?

[SPEAKER_02]
In that study,
When we did look at sudden infant death or something close to sudden infant death, we did not get statistical significance.
So we do not report a significant association with sudden infant death.

[SPEAKER_04]
I'm going to stay with you, Carl.
Go tell it on a mount and ask, what started Louisiana looking into vaccines?

[SPEAKER_03]
You did, I thought.

[SPEAKER_07]
I am not sure about that.
Can I jump in?
Louisiana started to look at everything because Louisiana's health metrics were poor.
And they were at the bottom of the nation in most everything.
One of the things that they didn't see was that they weren't really at the bottom of the nation in vaccine compliance.
Uh, so that, you know, essentially that started the conversation, um, really, you know, as, as the 2024 election was ramping up, then the conversation that we had with Louisiana, uh, you know, was starting, um, and, and they, they looked at make America healthy again, as an opportunity to ask a lot of questions.
And, and one of those that came up, you know, fortunately was vaccines.

[SPEAKER_04]
Question from Lori ABC.
Have you considered the IMA, the Independent Medical Alliance, as their journal to publish the paper?

[SPEAKER_07]
Yes, we have that that's, you know, that that's an option.
It's it's a newer journal and we're we're hoping that it becomes indexed in the National Library of Medicine because it is a good journal.
It's a peer review journal.
It's a rigorous peer reviewed journal.
Because it's newer, it really takes two years before it can be considered for PubMed indexing.
But regardless, it's a good journal for us to submit our work into.
And I think that if anywhere, it would have a fair shake there.

[SPEAKER_06]
Did you guys have cause of death available to you for each of these deaths or just that they died?

[SPEAKER_02]
There was cause of death that was relayed and it was what was depicted on the death certificate.
Some of those were coded into ICD-10 codes.
But a lot of it was free text.
And so a little difficult to aggregate and analyze definitively anyway.

[SPEAKER_06]
So did you do an event time series analysis to look at the proximity between the vaccination and the death?
So even though it wasn't coded as a SIDS death, did you look at time correlations so that you had basically a time series based on time of vaccination and then time of death so you could do a histogram and see whether it was flat or not?

[SPEAKER_02]
We did several analyses early on when it seems we got the data that may have been one of them, but we quickly settled on the two month three month analysis.

[SPEAKER_06]
So you can't answer yes or no on the on the shape of that.

[SPEAKER_02]
No I cannot.

[SPEAKER_07]
Go ahead.
Yeah it's really frustrating that the the lack of information.
That's why these studies need to be nationwide studies and and also why we need you know live live children except for you know just the mortality.
data, because if we had that information available, then you could achieve statistical significance.
We didn't achieve statistical significance, not because of the effect isn't there, but because we just didn't have the numbers to be able to fritter that out.

[SPEAKER_06]
So the Czech Republic has published record level data.
They keep the year of birth within a decade.
They keep the date of vaccination within a week and the date of death within a week.
There have been no reports that anyone's privacy or violated.
So how is it that these people are claiming that there's a privacy violation and releasing this data when in fact when they do release the data there's no privacy violation?
Can you explain that to me?

[SPEAKER_07]
You know, I think there's a lot of impediments right now, you know, and what we find is that these agencies are very, very conflicted.
There are a lot of people that want to know the truth.
There are a lot of people that maybe have accepted an alternative truth that is maybe based on scientism rather than science.
Uh, and so it's, it's a tough battle.
It really is.
Uh, you know, uh, and, and how dare we confound them with the type of logic, Steve, that you just stated that, you know, you are not violating privacy, uh, by, by getting this particular information at the record level.
And, you know, we can do it in a very, very state by state HIPAA compliant way.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yep.
Question from Paula D. Gordon, PhD.
Could it be that any increase in the incidence of measles cases is one of the direct effects of the suppression of the immune system by mRNA vaccines and boosters?

[SPEAKER_06]
Oh, wow.

[SPEAKER_07]
That's an interesting question.
I love that.
Love that.
I'm going to jump in first.
I want Carl the way in.
Absolutely, the innate immune suppression is a huge, huge problem.
We know that innate immune suppression is directly tied to the lipid nanoparticle, to having modified messenger RNA in the cytoplasm of cells.
So yeah, I had not thought of that hypothesis vis-a-vis measles.
And it's very difficult to look at boots on the ground.
You would wonder if a child got a COVID shot if they also got the MMR vaccine.
But one of the things that's been very, very difficult to figure out is really how many measles cases are there in the vaccinated versus the unvaccinated.
You know, when this happened in the state of Texas, they aggregated the unvaccinated and the unknown in the same category, rather than truly knowing how many of these cases were vaccinated, how many were unvaccinated, and being boots on the ground there.
It was very difficult to ascertain how hard they tried to figure out the vaccination status of these children.

[SPEAKER_06]
So when they do know the stats, what are the stats for the, you know, they lump them together so you can't tear them apart.
But do you know what the numbers were for the numbers that they knew versus not known?
Because I've seen some stats where it's basically
they keep the kids are who got the measles were all the ones that they know about are all vaccinated and then the ones that they don't know about at all are the rest, which
So do you know what the numbers are?
Can you break out the unvaccinated from the unknowns?

[SPEAKER_07]
No, we can't because they simply will not give us that information.
And then there were some gross assumptions in Texas because
Um, of, uh, Gaines County Seminole, Texas being highly Mennonite.
And I think there were some gross assumptions regarding their vaccination status when flat out, they just did not know or, or made a presumption, you know, when they saw Mennonite that perhaps they were unvaccinated and that was not the case of that community.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yep.

[SPEAKER_04]
Carl, do you want to add anything to that question?
No, no, that was thorough.
Great.
Cat 1145731 asks, I live in New York and the governor has said that New York will not follow the new vaccine schedule.
I want my child to be able to attend school, but I don't want him vaccinated.
Any advice?
Move out in New York.
That was going to be my advice, Steve.

[SPEAKER_07]
That would be my advice as well.
New York's a really, really tough nut to crack.
And it is, I've talked to individuals who live on the state line that get their children educated over the state line and in states that are less draconian.
But my advice
is to continue to lobby at the state level.
There used to be a lot more success in the state of New York as early as maybe three, four, five years ago, because they had a split house.
They had a Republican-leaning Senate.
They had a Democratic-leaning assembly.
So get out there and fight.
Your child is more important.
Uh, then complying to a vaccination status, uh, to attend school, it only takes one vaccine to take an injury.
Trust me, I've been there.
Uh, so you need to be able to fight and you also need to be able to consider moving if that's in the best interest of the health of your child.

[SPEAKER_06]
And, and if you can find out what science they're relying on for their, their recommendation to follow the schedule, uh, let me know.
I'll tell Rick.
Because we haven't found it.

[SPEAKER_04]
Right.
Question from Willie Cycle.
Since it takes a degree of science to design these vaccine products, how could it be that the developers are not aware of potential dangers?

[SPEAKER_06]
They're paid to look the other way.
I wish I had a better answer for that.
What, the one I just gave?

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, yeah, I wish I had a better answer for that.
There were so many corners, you know, in the development of so many different vaccines.
It's not just the COVID shot.
It's not the COVID shot.
You know, you look at the history of how the MMR vaccine changed
Because of some actions of the FDA in the late 1990s in the early 2000s, and they started boosting the level of virus, you know, virus particles and and then unaware to the public we're doing this.
There are a lot of corners that are cut and there are a lot of things that have been grandfathered in vis-a-vis things like aluminum adjuvants that have never been appropriately tested and people just make tacit assumptions that, well, this is the way that we've been doing it all along, regardless of whether it's safe or not.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, I totally agree.
I mean, it's not like they don't know that it's dangerous that the aluminum adjuvant is there to actually cause damage and raise an alarm in your body.
This should not be here and
Any scientist who even peeks at the literature knows that that aluminum ends up in the brain.
One of the first studies to study it, Florende et al., showed that 1% of the retained aluminum in the rabbits was found in the brain, which is precisely where you do not want a neurotoxin to be, but yet that's where it goes.
Maybe a
developer of a vaccine is like, well, I'm not the implementer of policy of who gets vaccinated and not.
But those dangers and those harms are real.

[SPEAKER_04]
All right.
I'm going to ask one more question from Dr. Laura.
And it's a long question, a couple of parts here.
It seems that they have all the power cards for legitimate studies here is about another way to fight to protect individual children.
Do we have to sue state by state?
And the continuation of the question is, can groups of parents protecting their children combine lawsuits across state lines to sue the vaccine industry for the poor science, not for injury, but against their fraud?

[SPEAKER_03]
I guess maybe I should jump in.

[SPEAKER_06]
That's a that's a that's a Rick question.
That's a great question.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, I think that's a that's a complicated question.
And there are a lot of questions in there.
As you know, you can't sue vaccine manufacturers for injury.
That's the point.
So I think
I think people have tried before.

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, you can sue them.
You can sue them now when they're off the recommended list, right?

[SPEAKER_03]
No.

[SPEAKER_06]
What?

[SPEAKER_03]
Shared decision making are still theoretically recommended.
Let's put it this way.
Let me give you a more qualified, equivocal answer.
That is an open question.
It has to do with some technical requirements as to whether or not the removal of the change from recommended to shared decision making.
That's an issue that hasn't been resolved or whether you have to go to the VIC and just remove them from the schedule.
And that issue will likely go to court.
and probably to the Supreme Court, whether or not it's self-effectuating.
But so you could argue that they're not routine.
So that's an open question.
I think that one avenue could be is, and by the way, California, as part of their AB 114, California passed some law saying they're not following the CDC after January 125.
And one of the provisions in the law is that they're providing the same kind of immunity from lawsuits as under the federal law.
So that I would imagine is going to be challenged for a lot of reasons, supremacy and things like that.
But I think I did a post about this and I think what I concluded is that vaccines are going to be available.
They're still going to be covered by insurance.
But it's an open question as to whether or not shared decision-making vaccines still provide liability protection to the manufacturer.
And I don't know, I don't think that the HHS has made that determination yet.
So that's I think going to be the next area of litigation, but that is going to be litigated.

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, but they have to be on the vaccine table to qualify for the liability protection.
If they take them off the vaccine table, then I think it's all gone because that's the objective test.
If they're not on the table.

[SPEAKER_03]
Oh, yeah.
So the only question is that's not the question.
The question is whether or not the move from
recommended to shared decision making in fact in itself means the loss of the protection.
There is no answer to that question right now.
You could argue it both ways and the courts are going to have to decide that.

[SPEAKER_02]
I have a question for Rick, if I may.
Can RICO ever be turned on the federal government?
Because our federal government
profits off of the vaccines that they recommend, and they actually have paid the AAP and ACOG to promote the vaccines for which they profit off of.
And it's just this conundrum in my head, and I can't unravel it.

[SPEAKER_03]
I don't know.
I don't think anybody's asked that question.
I think the simple answer is the federal government has sovereign immunity.
So you can't sue the government unless they give you permission to sue.
And I'm going to go out in a limb and say the government has not given permission to sue them for racketeering.
Now, that being said, there's a distinction that's made in law that you can't sue the government as an entity.
So anybody who names the
federal government or the state government in a way for like a damage suit.
I mean, that you can't do that, but you can sue individual officials or violating constitutional rights or things like that.
So, you know, whether or not.
Well, then you have the issue of official immunity.
So the answer is my gut tells me you can't you 100 percent can sue the government as the government for Rico.
individuals, a lot of these individuals are going to have at least qualified immunity, if not absolute immunity.
And I think that's going to be hard.
So I would say, man, I haven't looked at that, but I'd be pretty reluctant to put my name on that.

[SPEAKER_04]
I want to thank you gentlemen for being here and for joining us this evening.
Incredibly informative.
And Rick, I want to wish you all the best on this lawsuit.
It sounds like it's going to be a long,
long haul and actually there was one comment in as I ask you how people can follow the lawsuit, follow your work.
You can tell us, but there is one question.
Is there any way any of us can help with this suit to help you all save money?
I will work to help for free.
So is there a way for people to follow you and also maybe even help you in other ways?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, I think publicizing it, I think what's going to happen is I've been in these kinds of lawsuits before and people come out of the woodwork.
So that's what we're thinking is going to happen.
So on one hand, like the, I think different governments are going to get involved, but you never, I've had some cases that got really broken open because of just information that came from the public.
People that work for the AAP, people that work for the journals.
I mean, you never know what's going to happen.
So I think the main thing you can do is publicize it.
Certainly, you know, contribute to CHD.
They're funding this and they funded mostly my other litigation.
But just make people aware of the lawsuit because I really wrote it for the public.
I mean, I try to tell a story and make it understandable to the public.
And because I don't think people know this stuff.
And I think when they find out about it, I think it might change their mind.
So we'll see.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, I hope it does.
I hope it helps people change their mind.
Carl Jablonski, how can people follow you and your work?

[SPEAKER_02]
Follow Children's Health Defense and you'll be following me.

[SPEAKER_04]
Excellent.
And Brian, probably the same response and any other...

[SPEAKER_07]
Same thing.
Yeah.
I also have Brian Hooker PhD on X and Instagram and Facebook are similar somewhere there.
But also make sure you follow Children's Health Defense.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yes.
Keep up the great work.
All three of you really appreciate you being here tonight and all the work that you do.

[SPEAKER_03]
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thank you.
Steve, hang in there for a few minutes.
I got a couple of quick announcements to make.
Of course, before we close tonight, I want to take a moment to thank each and every one of you who makes the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation possible.
We are a small grassroots nonprofit and everything we do exists because of this community.
And your commitment to truth, your involvement matters now more than ever.
We must continue pushing back against mandates.
Your support is what allows us to remain independent, to keep asking hard questions, and to host these conversations week after week, conversations that so many of you rely on.
And if you're able, please consider making a donation at, here let me pop it on the screen.
backsafety.org backslash donate or by texting VSRF to 53555.
That's backsafety.org backslash donate or by texting VSRF to 53555 and Janet will put the link in the chat and also join us next week.
Let me pop this one up.
Next week, we will have Tamara Ugolini from Rebel News.
Tamara will join us to break down her investigative reporting on vaccine-related fraud, corruption, and institutional failures in Canada and what these findings reveal about the broader public health landscape.
So join us.

[SPEAKER_06]
Fraud by who?
Uh, fraud by the public health officials or fraud by vaccine manufacturers or fraud by?

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, I would have speculated all the above and we're going to find out more as soon as, uh, next week.
We'll learn more about what I guess we'll have to wait.
We'll have to wait.
So make sure you're here next week.
And Steve, can you believe tomorrow will mark the four year anniversary of that cold day?
Oh man.
He went thousands of Americans.
from every background, every walk of life, came together peacefully, to say enough.
What are your recollections, Steve, as you look back on Defeat the Mandates?
What comes to mind?

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, that was the week that my house was broken into.
That's right.

[SPEAKER_04]
That was the first time we met.
I was interviewing you, and it happened right during the interview.

[SPEAKER_06]
Right during the interview, yeah.
Yeah, the alarm went off.
called my wife and I told her to go home because someone's robbing the house and she got there right as they were leaving.
I think she scared them off.
So it's good that I paused the interview for that.
So yeah, no, that was a other than that.
It was that was a just a wonderful event.
It brought a lot of people together.
I think it energized people.
The speakers were phenomenal.
It was
In fact, there were so many people who wanted to speak that we had to they were telling us we had to take everything down and that the permit had expired and we had to leave and so forth.
And we were people were donating megaphones and all this and the speakers were were going on and on.
So it was it was quite the event.
It was great to see all those people out there and getting involved and in participating.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, it really was.
Did you think that four years later we'd still be fighting this this war on?

[SPEAKER_06]
I told my wife that once I wrote my article on trial site news, it'll be two weeks and everybody would realize that they were wrong.

[SPEAKER_04]
Just what I know to flatten the curve.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, just like two weeks to 15 days, 15 days to flatten the curve.

[SPEAKER_04]
15 days.

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, I wrote about I wrote about that on my my substack and you can buy you can buy the film and view it online.
And you mentioned it's quite.
Yeah.
And tomorrow at seven o'clock, I'll be in Los Gatos for the film premiere there.

[SPEAKER_04]
And Janet, if you could put the link to the website on that film, that would be great for our audience.
And if you're in Los Gatos tomorrow, you can see Steve in person.
He'll be at the screening.
And I'm going to sign off with a video I made from the Defeat the Mandates in Washington that was going to promote the upcoming one in Los Angeles, which happened later that spring.
But thank you everyone for being here tonight.
Steve, thank you for conducting another fantastic interview.
And thank you to our guests, Brian, Carl, and Rick.
And we'll see you all next week.
Have a great evening.

[SPEAKER_09]
The huddled maskless descended upon Washington for the million-mandate march.
Thousands of far right-wing nuts joined thousands of far left-wing nuts for what was billed as a defeat-the-mandates rally at Covicella, where people had nothing, totally unprotected.
And if you're wondering what kind of speakers they lined up for this meeting of the minds, the answer is this kind.

[SPEAKER_18]
Freedom of choice means everything.
I mean, just think about it as an African American male, black American male.
You know, I understand something about slavery.
I understand something about bondage.

[SPEAKER_13]
I'm actually a Marine Corps veteran.
Never in my life would I have think that I would be on this soil fighting for my rights, for freedom.

[SPEAKER_01]
Freedom of choice is quite simple.
You provide the therapeutic or the medical intervention.
You give me all of the information from benefit to risk and I make a decision for what's right for me, my body.

[SPEAKER_17]
We do believe in the health and safety of our patients.
We do believe that there are other ways to treat COVID and to prevent COVID.
We think that those measures have been censored over the past two years.

[SPEAKER_16]
Why are we not hearing two sides of the story?
Why are we only listening to one side?
And if there's another side, why are they being censored?
Why are they being demonized?

[SPEAKER_05]
I always say if you want to know what's going on, follow the money.
If you want to know what the truth is, see who's being silenced.

[SPEAKER_11]
We all know what censorship is about at this point.
It's not about protecting or preserving life.
It's about protecting and preserving the narrative.
The mandates are not beneficial for anyone.
Black, white are all in between.
Muslim, Christian, Jewish, Democrat, Republican.
It doesn't matter.
At this point, it is a total all-out attack on humanity itself.

[SPEAKER_15]
It's an attempt to turn the mandates into laws.
Because mandates are not laws.
So that now, if we don't obey the laws, which were once illegal mandates, now we're subject to the criminal justice system.
And within that system, now we become involuntary servants.
And so the 13th Amendment no longer applies to us.
Your compliance will determine your ability to participate in society.

[SPEAKER_12]
We didn't have any say in the matter.
You know, that we got sent a letter in the mail and said, you're not allowed to show up at your firehouse.
You're not allowed to serve your community.

[SPEAKER_14]
It's a pretty self-evident truth that corporations always put profit over people, and so I don't know why people think this is different.

[SPEAKER_11]
The pharmaceutical industry literally controls the kind of information that gets to doctors.

[SPEAKER_06]
It manipulates doctors, the medical journals.
They're mandating something that if you get injured, they don't know how to cure you.

[SPEAKER_19]
We need to make it clear that it's not acceptable to be forcing people to take an unlicensed medical product without providing them full informed consent.

[SPEAKER_04]
I don't believe the government has any right to inject anything into my body I don't have control over.
At some point we have to say enough is enough, especially it's not working.

[SPEAKER_00]
Why should you have to show your medical status to eat, to enjoy a museum, to enjoy a park?

[SPEAKER_05]
You have people here from every political party, every political orientation, and they're all finding common ground because they see our Constitution under attack and our children under attack.

[SPEAKER_08]
Are you free?
Are you free?
Are you free?
